@_author: cryptoflipper
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:13:03
I swear... You people are a bunch of pre-programmed automotons. "Ask for permission". "Regulate Bitcoin"....WHAT PLANET ARE YOU ON? Anyone asking your "permission" to fund and arm "Al Quada"? Anyone asking for your permission to fund International Banking Cartels? Fracking operations? Lois Lerner's paycheck????? NO! They just spend your money on that shit, despite the fact that funding those things HURTS YOU! Well, I for one am DONE asking for permission! No one but Satoshi Nakamoto gave me the opportunity (he didn't even really give me anything but an opportunity... kind of like Morpheus, and the ol Red pill) and tools to mine my first Bitcoin. Nobody but the pool admins let me mine with their pool. Nobody but the admins of Bittrex, Mintpal, Bter, and Cryptsy let me trade altcoins on their exchanges.  Where is the guy that gave me a job in all of that? Where is the Federal Reserve in all of that? Where is the federal authority that would stop me from doing any of it? What are "federal authorities" anyway? I can't find out their taxonomy, so chances are they are nothing more but BUILDINGS, PAPERWORK, Equipment, and HUMANS...ie "federal authorities are most likely nothing more than SOCIAL FICTIONS!
If you get all of your friends in your neighborhood trading, and exchanging BTC or other Crypto-currency, WHO IS THERE TO STOP YOU? WHAT "LAWS" ARE YOU BREAKING BY DOING IT? NONE! Who writes laws anyway? People write laws! If people write laws to prohibit the exchange of, and transactions denominated in cryptos, WHO is benefitting? Considering that I've made far more money by mining, and trading cryptos than I have ever made while looking for a job, I'd say the only people threatened by my actions are the same assholes who won't hire me, and are trying to tax me to death.... Fuck their permission!
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:15:32
Firstly I'd like to say that I am impressed....kind of. The fact that you are concerned shows that you have a mind. The fact that you took measures you thought were necessary to secure your realized gains is even more laudable. However, where you lost me is when you started talking about pre-emptive measures that would radically alter Bitcoin.
 No ASIC? ARE YOU FUCKING INSANE? Sorry for the profanity, but I do think it is appropriate. Getting rid of ASICs will do two things, 1 Fork the hardware development. For lack of ASIC-based hardware, engineers will immediately get to work on a hardware work-around that will enable them to make more Bitcoin for cheaper than they can pull out of an array of ULTRA-EXPENSIVE VIDEO CARDS. 2 Piss of everyone who now has a small nova burning  in their garage. You'll also put a kibosh on new development money going to new hardware and such, because now your VCs are going to have in the back of their minds "but what if we commit the funds, get into production, start sales, and then some asshole abusing our new technology furffs the Bitcoin network, and the community bans our hardware....might as well be investing in toilet water....."
Eliminate pools? Who are you to make that kind of decision? I don't give a damn if you are Satoshi Nakamoto himself, you can't just go around and dictate to people "thou shalt mine in another bigger pool". That is exactly the kind of heavy-handed market-manipulation that is pushing new users into the cryptosphere every day.
 Seems like a decent idea, but again, I think the nature of this solution is somewhat like trying to plug a hole with a fork. Sure you plug the one hole, but you've made three more in the process...keep stabbing away dude, but it will only get worse, and less secure....
Honestly I understand your concern, and even made a comment on Twitter when the fact Ghash.io was getting close to 51% crossed my feed. Here is the thing though. Ghash.io is being successful. Get over it. If you want to do something about it, how about working on the next iteration of ASIC architectures? That way whatever market dominance Ghash has today won't mean jack shit when the new ASICs come online (just like what happened to me, and all the other GPU miners the day ASICs started getting added to our mining pools). 
Beyond that, how about DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT! Ghash is set to get 51% of the production load. There is no getting around that now. The thing that should be remembered about a 51% attack is that you are only going to get away with it once before a small army of software developers are scanning for the means you used, isolating it, and making it so you cannot do it that way again! That is one of the things that makes Bitcoin so unique. Unlike every corporate, and government bureaucracy, the cryptosphere is ANSWERABLE ONLY TO IT'S CONSTITUENTS (who are also the people developing, mining, using, trading Bitcoin...ie we have every motivation to GET IT RIGHT, and GET BACK TO MINING!). Now with that in mind, put yourself in Ghash's shoes. You are now running the highest concentration of Bitcoin mining power on planet Earth....are you really going to piss all that effort away by nuking the trust of the network that is making you rich? Think about that one a little bit, and you'll arrive at the correct answer. You've already shown that you have a mind, and the instinct of self-preservation. 
I have to say, Bitcoin is not secure. QUIT TRYING TO MAKE IT SO! Shit is going to happen, we are going to figure out why, solve it and move on (it should be noted that the Bitcoin network has suffered SEVERAL CATASTROPHIC FAILURES...ANY ONE OF WHICH WOULD HAVE DISABLED THE ENTIRE FIAT MONEY SYSTEM...and we are still here) That is the spirit that has gotten us from a few thousand CPU miners, to being the thing that will eat the bank. FUCK SECURITY! FUCK CERTAINTY! You want security? Go back to being paid in dollars. That way you can be secure and certain of the fact that the Federal Reserve, and the 13 other central banks are stealing the value right out from under your pay-check....
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:49:01
Why not just put a sign out that says "Go mind with Ghash because they are the only ones that can afford to flip their ASIC farms over fast enough to keep ASIC mining profitable"... Solution worse than the specter of a 51% attack coming from Ghash...
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:59:31
It's also 100% irrelevant....as it has proven to be several times already. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:56:56
As a miner, I can tell you that you are wrong on both fronts. If I am mining in a pool (especially if I threw down the dough for a decent ASIC box) you can rest assured that I am doing what I can to ensure that the coins I am mining are being accepted by the network. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:10:56
I think altcoins, and there exchanges will ultimately relieve some of the need for this concern. As to making people blow money being the reason for mining? Uh...I don't think it is. There isn't anything in the Bitcoin protocol that mandated the development of ASIC mining, that was a natural response from a marketplace sick of smoking $1000+ video cards. The cost of mining hardware simply gives you a factor to consider in determining the viability of your investment strategy. As the $1200-spike showed us, no such means can be entirely certain of outcomes, no matter how much planning you do... 
-Cryptoflipper