@_author: cryptoiskey
@_date: 2017-06-25 01:57:00
Just found this now. So i want to clarify a few things.
1. My partner in the account was only invested and had no access
2. I did not change my logins at first because as soon as i logged in i saw there was sell orders being cancelled and new ones being made for current coin value, so the intruder was trying to sell all my coins at current market value and get the bitcoin out as fast as possible. When i refreshed the page i also spotted he had also made a XEM withdraw which i cancelled as fast as possible. I then made my own btc withdraws before he could do it. I had no idea about the option to disable the account that i have never noticed, so amongst all the panic my first instinct was to just try and get the btc out as fast as i could to my personal wallet. When i manged to get my partner online and in chat with share screen he was able to settle my panicking down a bit and coached me through the process to get it all locked down. After i had the account passwords and all API keys deleted etc i still didnt feel comfortable with leaving anything in the account, so i sold all what was left as fast as i could to btc and got it out. I can tell you it was one hell of a freaky experience. But i was able to save the last 4.1 Btc in value that i saw when i first logged in while he was in there. So thats one bonus. Bittrex has been working with me to find out how. It turns out they used API keys they had stolen . This was my fault it seems for 2 reasons. 1. I do alot of video tutorials and i used to API keys in one Coingy video and also some Transfercoin videos, but i was sure i deleted the actual keys i used before i uploaded the videos to youtube, but it seems i must have screwed up somewhere. And secondly i should have never enabled "withdraw" in the API keys option, i think that was the biggest mistake. I originally enabled that because i thought it was an option in Coingy to utilize but it isnt, and i never changed that habit whenver i created new keys. It has been a huge lesson learned but i have taken more precautions now for example whitelisting an ip that i am using on a VPN service and also whitelising coin addresses, all this i should have done from day one, but to be honest i quite new in this space and a bit naive and it was just pure lack of experience that landed me in the crap.