@_author: crypto_grinder
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:29:07
I've never had a problem direct bank transferring from Commbank to MyCryptoWallet or Independent Reserve. 
Independent Reserve usually clears in about 16hrs (which is a great clearance time compared to other "normal" bank transfers I do).
1 specific thing I make sure to do is NOT mention Bitcoin or crypto AT ALL on the bank transfer. I don't put it as the description recorded in my account or the receiving one at the exchange. 
I had 1 transfer to MyCryptoWallet returned as the bank providing their company bank account closed it... Because of it being used for crypto. BUT if you read the T&amp;Cs for business bank accounts, they operate very different then personal bank accounts. From what I can gather, essentially the bank is on the hook for the businesses financial standing (Because of our $250,000 depositor protection scheme) and the government puts the onus back onto the bank to ensure depositors are not taken advantage of. 
So in the event of a business fraudulently running off with funds deposited into a business account, the bank has/had a fiduciary duty to act in the interest of their depositors and protect them from foreseeable loss. 
Because crypto is UNREGULATED, that does carry a high risk profile with it. So when a bank becomes aware that they are providing a bank account for an unregulated financial industry player, that immediately implies risk to the bank (real or not). ANY business has a duty to itself and its shareholders to minimize risk where possible and if they deem cyrpto exchange business bank accounts as high risk, they will close those accounts and have no obligation to provide a high risk product to a business in a completely unregulated industry that has no mechanisms in place for the bank to recoup possible losses incurred by the bank. 
Causing a big noise about this issue will only hasten regulation of the crypto sector (that can be good and bad) this can mean more certainty for investors but like the recent changes in the US, any US citizen now must meet a minimum means test ($200,000 in liquid assets from memory) before they are eligible to participate in ICO's. 
Its a double egded sword demanding answers.... 
It seems the solution is a don't ask, don't tell policy. MyCryptoWallet and Independent Reserve both CLEARLY tell customers to NOT mention Bitcoin or Crypto in any way on deposit transactions now and its seems that the banks then don't want to look any deeper.... But if there are flags raised by the person initiating the transfer (Putting in the description: For Bitcoin) then the bank is FORCED to act so as to fulfill their fiduciary duty to the customer. 
Banks are not going out of their way to stop personal accounts transferring to crypto... unless YOU force banks into a position they MUST act by law to fulfill their fiduciary duty to you that the government has placed on them. 
I'm still using Commbank and I'm yet to hear anything from them on the matter. 