@_author: cryptoorchid
@_date: 2018-09-10 23:25:03
What you’re doing is super cool. But don’t you worry about everyone else’s conversion rate? Like if I made $1,500 in two weeks and then get paid out .. it’s basically like I just lost $1,000 of money because BTC is tied to fiat. 
Newegg for example goes from charging you .3 BTC for a new rig to .5 BTC doesn’t it fluctuate like that? Or am I misunderstanding?
This would seem especially concerning to folks (probably like me) that depend on a somewhat stable check. 
I can’t help but see bitcoin as the current value in fiat conversion. Because that’s what it’s worth to everyone else. Maybe that’s not the right way to see it.. it seems that’s exactly how you don’t look at it. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 23:15:08
I hate paywalls.. that’s why if I REALLY care about the contents of an article, I just google it and read the google cached version. 
I do think that the idea for micro transactions like this though is incredibly good and could really help them out.. 
Journalism in the traditional sense is dying out. It’s dying because you can simply google a major news article and read other sources rather than the one that is pay walled. It’s super easy to circumvent. 
What pisses me off the most about paywalled articles is that they want prominent google rankings .. so google parses their page for relevant details and ranks it. Then they paywall it for normal users. 
If you want to paywall your crap, don’t put it prominently on google news. That’s abuse in my mind and cheating. It should be ranked lower so that freely available information can have the top spots. 
I get that this is killing journalism.. but that’s where self made entities rule. The YouTube crowd and the minds crowd that discuss news and podcast it. 
The old model is dying just like so many other things. It kinda sucks.. but those models just are going to have a harder time in the age of the internet. 
Anything they can do to make a profit and appear more available to people should be looked at by them with a very scrutinizing eye. In this day and age, you miss the boat, you wind up like Sears. Adapt or go bust. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 23:57:25
You have balls my friend. I admire your devotion. I first saw BTC back when it was $200 a coin. I didn’t buy because I didn’t have the money then. What could have been ... but anyway.. I do think the market is neat to watch. No one knows what the future holds, but I wish you all the best. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 03:24:03


He used an example that illustrates how hard of a life it would be to be single, raising 4 kids, and living in the ghetto.


How is this repulsive? 