@_author: cryptsy_brad
@_date: 2014-04-10 20:07:49
If you ever have a question about how to do something on Cryptsy you can submit a trouble ticket to our support staff who can provide instructions on what you wish to accomplish. 
Support is available 7 days a week. Happy Trading!
@_date: 2014-04-10 20:02:40
If you ever have trouble while trading on Cryptsy the best thing you can do to solve it quickly is to send their support staff a trouble ticket. The support staff has doubled in the last few months to meet the demands of users. They are no longer backed up on tickets and should respond relatively quickly. Last Cryptsy continues its improvements including expanding its tier 2 support staff, making new departments, putting more servers online, and constant code updates. It's complying with all the required laws in all 50 states including AML compliance so that it's operations are secure. Cryptsy is a reliable and legal place on the internet to trade Altcoins. I hope you will continue trading on Cryptsy as we add more coins and soon will be adding USD!
@_date: 2014-04-10 20:12:57
The simple answer to your question- No Cryptsy is not going the Mount Gox way. Mt Gox problem was insolvency- they lacked the coins to cover their customer's balances. Cryptsy's online+cold storage of coins is enough to cover all balances, transactions, operating costs, and debts. So Cryptsy is not vulnerable to insolvency. We are constantly making improvements to our staff and website. Some of the changes include nearly tripling staff, adding new servers, releasing a new trading engine, constant code updates and site experience changes. I hope you will continue to use Cryptsy for your trading needs!
@_date: 2014-04-10 20:23:47
Cryptsy is still working on complying legally in order to take USD. In the USA any company or merchant who wishes to transmit USD within or outside the USA has a stringent set of compliance laws it must adhere to including system and operating security, staff training certified by examinations, and others. Cryptsy complies with the laws of all 50 US states, and its servers, offices, and headquarters are all USA based. Therefore USA rules are the ones we have to abide by. From what I know other sites sometimes bypass USA laws by counting the location of the servers outside the USA as their operating location. If you have servers operating in a country your business can apply those countries regulations to itself. It's also an accounting trick but you didnt hear that from me. I hope this answers your question. 