@_author: cryptodesigner
@_date: 2015-12-08 19:52:52
By investing in Bitcoin you get a share in a better future as I am sure we will only see Bitcoin rise and rise to infinity and beyond. However I only suggest that you invest what you can afford to hold for a few years and mark my word you will soon be a part of the new money elite. Also you can enjoy a nonviolent way of sticking it to the governments that around the world protects banks and allow them to print money out of thin air and allocate assets while devaluing your hard earn pay check. So make the right choice and join the new money elite ASAP and become a proud owner of some Bitcoin. Bitcoin cannot be printed and there is a fixed supply available making it a good storage of value. If you are really cool you will turn your back to the fake fiat money system 100% as it is what finance war, tyranny and the growing police state that is emerging while these banker and politician morons are printing money and drowning the world and our unborn children in debt quicker than you can say : F..k th. Poli.. !
Let me know what you guys think about this ?
PLEASE share this video... thanks
Stay vigilant friends !
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:19:36
Most bitcoin people understand that the ETF is meaningless so I don't see why much would change... The price will be little volatile as usual but the uptrend will continue overall if you hold long enough... I predict 2017 is the last time we see a price under 1000... and in 2018 we will be looking at an average price around 2-3000
Join the new money elite (buy Bitcoin if you can... and HOLD longterm)
To the moon !
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:05:41
Awesome dude... thanks for sharing :-)
And for anyone who don't know already, you can DOWNLOAD the book for free (or pay for it by donating to Mr. Antonopoulos ) 
Get it here : 
BTC to the Moon !
@_date: 2016-02-13 13:09:27
My internet people, my Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum people It is time for me to confess that I have been fooling around with Ethereum for a little over a month now.
Actually I have been high as a kite on this Ether for a whole month now.. what an amazing ride .. just check the charts and you will see how Ethereum has been doing this month! So honestly even though I am a huge Bitcoin fan … it was still great to get out there and “get some strange” while Bitcoin is having its pubescent menstrual pains.. preparing for adulthood and world domination.
Bitcoin is naturally acting like a spoiled teenager which is all good and part of any progress if you ask me…you have to grow up somehow and it’s not easy… right… So I believe we must just wait a little for Bitcoin to grow up and soon enough it will rise and all Bitcoins issues will be worked out within reasonable time so personally I am not worried one bit about the future of Bitcoin and I am in it for the long haul that is 100% sure.
But watch the full video where I tell you about my Ethereum experience and the wonderful future Blockchain technology we have to look forward to.
What you think about this video?
@_date: 2016-02-16 18:27:52
I have already sold my Ethereum at 5.5USD .. (I got in 1.5USD last month)... I put them all in Monero(XMR) a few days ago.. and I will properly convert my winnings to Bitcoin in a few days. happy days :-)
@_date: 2015-11-18 00:08:06
That is not really an argument my friend.. care to elaborate ?
@_date: 2015-11-11 02:51:19
ok got it.. wont happen again
@_date: 2016-05-31 18:09:26
My internet people, my Bitcoin people... you know what I am on about. Please show your support and help me produce videos about failed governments and banking. Secure your future with Bitcoin and stick it to the man before it is too late.. DONT VOTE and don't support your governments build-up.. turn your back to this failed system populated with losers or it will end up killing us all! Be self-employed and understand how to make something of value.... Be a winner and join the new money elite get yourself some Bitcoin (as a long term investment) and secure your future !
@_date: 2015-11-15 10:51:41
great argument .... Im just glad that hundreds of others understand the "patience is a key element of success" and watched the full video. And I actually ended up raising a good amount of BTC to fund my book release about socialism in Scandinavia.. which I believe is falsely being used around the world to promote big government. And these bigger and bigger socialistic governments go hand in hand with feminism. Good luck with your "BS" and quick judgement.... my friend ;-)
@_date: 2015-11-24 13:16:47
Fintech developers have a lot of support from banks and government which in my opinion motivates them to censor the appearance of the Bitcoin community. I understand that we need the banks and governments to get onboard and more importantly we need their investments to get the thousands of new solutions out to the masses, therefore I welcome the banks and the governments to invest in Fintech and Bitcoin as this is awesome for Bitcoin the Blockchain and the whole decentralized payment space. Lucky banks and governments are full of morons who are ready to throw money left and right just to stay relevant but I believe they have no idea what so ever regarding the future of money and banking and will be left behind as soon as they stop paying the bills. However currently the arrival of banks and governments as investors in this decentralized payment space has changed the Bitcoin community a lot as developers now are trying to distance themselves from the anarchists and radicals to appear more proper and in tone with the centralized program of control. And this results in more and more censorship within the Bitcoin communities when it comes to anarchistic ideas or radical thought. But people please understand Bitcoin and the blockchain is very radical technology and thus will attract radical people. Who for the most part are honest dreamers of freedom and prosperity for all men and woman. Society should really thanks the anarchist and radicals more as this group of people are always the ones brave enough to get onboard new technology. I believe if it was not for this group of people we would not have a world full of great technology as we do ! So thank you all brave anarchist and radical thinkers who are brave enough to get onboard new technology and have used their own time and money to push new ideas  forward even though society is against it in the beginning.. thank you.. thank you.. thank you. 
And f.ck all the developers who forget who their real supports are.. we are all human and have a right to use technology !
Developers should try only to make solutions for humans without getting involved in politics, right and wrong… and all that sh.t
Power to the people ! And any developer who understands this !
Let me know what you guys think about this ?