@_author: cryptonoob-brln
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:19:59
Exarchia is a lovely area. Do not listen to the media, approach with caution as you would do to any unfamiliar place and you will be fine. This is original urban Athens.
A big percentage of Greeks speak English as we accept many tourists around the year. This makes it easy to read and understand English. We don’t have many educational materials in our own language but I am absolutely fine with English. A bit greeklish but still....more than enough for us both to communicate :)
I have never been to a meet up but I am pretty sure there will be some around Athens. 
I think cryptos can revolutionise unstable countries with corrupted politicians. Greece, Venezuela, Argentina, Portugal, Spain, kenya, India, you name it. I believe in all cryptos that offer secure financial freedom away from banks and elite. I think the crypto community can impact the world against poverty and equal financial global treatment and deliver equal opportunities for people based on instant transparency and trust. I am not only a holder of crypto, I strongly believe in a global movement against repression because of that. Many of my friends share this belief. I hope I answered all your questions. :)
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:50:24
Is Down Jones a reference I don’t get?
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:28:11
That’s.....awfully racist and bigoted of you. I have many Jewish friends that are not bankers and I know many bankers that are not Jewish. Wtf is wrong with you? Who hurt you?
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:10:50
Or any other crypto-sub. Solid advice. Gather information and dig in! :)
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:39:31
Hey, sure
I am not a resident but I am an active participant in collectives around exarchia that help immigrants and refugees find their way in this shitty Europe. Still....better than their countries at the moment.
About exarchia, every photo with “Athens is burning” title is usually from exarchia, or Suntagma. It is a very interesting area to visit if you are into these stuff (not burning but a “stateless” district in the center of Athens). Definitely a must see. Just don’t be a cop or right wing.
As for bitcoin please stay with me as I develop my thesis.... :)
In Greece, we are ruled by a bunch of greedy corrupted politicians and as you know, we are in big debt because of 1) our politicians and 2) ourselves. We as citizens allowed that to happen. Exactly like what happens now, for example, in USA. We are responsible for our actions. 
The problem is that this is not going to change soon enough. We are also ruled by greedy European bastards that want to “buy low” on this piece of sunny land so they also do not let our own bastards make things just a bit better for our people. I lose almost 50% of my income that I will never see again because I am responsible for the bank. Read that again.....I AM responsible to save the banks. 
Personally, I prefer getting paid in crypto. I always offer it as means of payment and,... Guess what.....a good 20-30% comes in crypto. Not bad for underdeveloped tiny Athens, ha? I also think that every time i mention this type of payment I advertise it to the people unaware. Some of them have no clue, some others say “oh I saw it in the news” and the rest pay in crypto. :)
We also have our bitcoin community and there is a good list of shops in greece accepting cryptopayments. You can check it out if you google bitcoin Greek community. 
I hope I replied to your questions and I am sorry for the “text-carpet”. :)
@_date: 2018-01-08 10:42:07
I am a noob so please excuse my very simple words but as many suggested here (and I find it logical) I don’t risk money I do not intend to lose. Every end of the month I add a 20% from the savings of the month. I definitely have no problem to invest but most important....I already consider them lost money. It is really beer and coffee money. 
The weird thing is... so far in this “hostile up and down” market, I gain a daily percentage (from 1% to even 60% so far) of added value on my cryptos which is way better than keeping them in my bank account. 
On the other hand, there are people that invest their whole savings or even their properties. This is something I would never dare to do. I personally find this immature and risky. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:47:32
YES! THAT!
@_date: 2018-01-31 12:13:58
Natives will never understand the struggle...
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:21:09
I am sorry to say but this is wrong. I can assure you, Exarchia district, the anarchist district of Athens is filled with bitcoin. We have 2 bitcoin atms in Athens at the moment.
Tip of the day: Exarchia literally means “without state” or “outside of the state”. If a Greek can read this and is better than me in English, please help for the definite meaning of the word. :)
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:00:44
I hope I have answered all your questions as in....
I hope I didn’t blabla too much without you getting the answers to your questions. Happens a lot to me :)
I wish you the best too!
@_date: 2018-02-15 10:31:00
At the beginning of your imaginary transaction you are at a loss of 5$. Later you add another 5$ to buy a rabbit in order to get 2 chickens. You are still at a loss (more this time by adding 5$) and the only thing that can bring back these money is either the 2 chickens cost 10$ or the rabbit costs again 10$. What you are adding by buying a 5$ rabbit is your belief that this rabbit will again cost 10 and you would actually make a profit this time and it is a great opportunity to buy something you believe it will cost double the price in a while.
I am in no way an expert in rabbits (or crypto, or financial, or even chickens) but I am 78.6% sure I am correct.
@_date: 2018-02-11 11:36:27
Check the fees. The amount you put in is too low (not judging, just saying), the price difference is too low and if you add the fee you end up with your question. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:12:17
Your post is funny when I try to imagine what kind of person would write like that for himself. Still laughing. 
I consider myself a crypto casual (though I don’t act like your post) but still you haven’t manage to take my money. You know why? Because unlike you, some other really cool people have taught me things. I learn from subs like this one. I learn how to hold, how to buy the dips, how to read the candlesticks. I learn daily because someone spend some of his/her time to teach me. 
And now let’s come to you: what have I learned from you? When I grow up and become a veteran I should always welcome new members and not become a pompous A$$hole like you because once I was like them. Thanks for the lesson mr PhD bitcoin pro bro. 
tl:dr you are a pompous idiot. 