@_author: cryptawrence
@_date: 2019-02-25 18:27:53
I think there's a few reasons. The fundamental one is he's an equities guy, been one his whole life. He understands good management, capital structures and cash flow streams like just about no one else but that's all he's ever focused on his whole life, so he has basically no understanding of monetary value's origin and nature which is a whole different animal. He doesn't understand all monetary value is entirely a societal construct and has no intrinsic value by nature. 
From there his comfort zone tells him that something that yields nothing ("bitcoin doesn't make babies") should be worth nothing, and he falls in the classic "it must be a bubble / ponzi" fallacy that anyone who doesn't understand money falls into constantly, failing to understand that all monetary value is a sustained bubble by construct. 
Of course monetary value, abstract as it is, holds roughly as much market value as all other "real" assets combined basically, (a ton more than in equities incidentally) up to 300tn depending on what you count and basically just about all of it at this point is invested in fiat currencies. By his logic he should be hard core ignoring cryptos which are still irrelevant and calling USD toxic rat poison square as well, but i suspect he doesn't do that because he's grown up with it so "dollars are normal but bitcoins are a scam" and he's seen dollars work all his life so they must be fine. Also they come with some government legitimacy which makes them feel legit.
Finally it's definitely harder for older people to wrap their brains about new concepts, especially technological ones, which cryptos obviously are, in being technologically enabled decentralized digital monetary vehicles. You have to have an open mind (being young helps), be a tech and econ nerd to properly get it or live in Venezuela. He clearly is none of that.
To his credit, I'm guessing he doesn't actively go out and crap on cryptos but as a finance opinion leader, people must ask him all the time, and he's naturally inclined to at least quickly give his opinion on the matter, which obviously I for one (and most on this sub) will strongly disagree with.