@_author: cryptopic
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:49:25
 
bitcoin once reached over $1100, how do you not know this?
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:18:07
ahhh ok thanks. hmmm i wouldn't worry too much
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:07:01
 , does it? 
The requested URL could not be retrieved"
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:08:54
Lets also not forget  
USB wallet - already available to buy, some people have reviewed it already and only 0.12btc excluding shipping, Not $65000 off of everyone to try and make some then deliver in the future 
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:49:16
It's a ponzi scheme 
The coin code indicates that total coin supply could eventually be many many billions. 
trying to force the coins value and peg it 
The coding for the coin looks like it has been done by a moron
12 million coins premined out of 12.3 million currently , market cap being calculated off the 12.3 million when only 300,000 coins are being traded. 
POS blocks is causing POW to yield a much lower coin total for miners, meaning holders currently benefit better, when you hold 12 million, that's very beneficial to you and not the other people holding the 300,000 , also you stake a hell of a lot more than them
It is going to collapse like aurora coin ($80 down to 2 cents)
2nd "delay" has just been announced 
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:02:21
Not until recently. 
First the only person really who would of known was Mark Karpeles and he most likely wouldn't of explained it or given all the information possible. 
The people who took over from him didn't have a single clue really with bitcoin, they are a court appointed official authority so they would have a basic understanding but blockchain analysis would be very unlikely . 
Now that kraken has been selected to aid the MtGox liquidation and investigation then the odds of finding out what happened increased, but the chance of recovering anymore funds is still very highly debatable , they still could of been stolen or hacked or scammed and they have no way of getting them back, but there is a higher chance of finding out what actually happened, that still doesn't mean everything will be found out thou. 
From the looks of the situation currently , it looks as thou with the 200,000 coins found in the wallet ages ago, that people who had bitcoin in gox will get roughly 20-25% of their coins at the moment . (200,000 coins found, out of the total of 800,000 missing) 
This could be slightly lower thou if you take into account other expenses that have been spent or need to be paid out to people like those holding fiat currencies on the exchange. 
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:17:47
Laugh the night away? 
first you mention to of bought bitcoins all the way down from 1000-400 
so expandable income? or savings? 
You refer to the people as bullies
So 10-15 year old? 
You are literally begging for money because you lost a lot , yet have found out who did it and have been in contact with the police. 
not a single mention of laughing , just observing that what you are stating is most likely not real, you are behaving like someone who is lying , someone who is not telling the truth 
@_date: 2015-01-23 04:32:58
I reckon someone else should have it, i mean i love steam but i don't think i will get enough time to play it, crypto is my full time job basically , takes up most of my time, i wont be able to give the game any justice or much play time
@_date: 2015-01-17 23:17:47
What are your generalized and as unbiased as possible opinions of bitcoin , future and present. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 15:26:52
Of course he is technically wrong, that was the point, it was humor . The purpose was to be wrong showing a warped, obviously incorrect juxtaposition of the facts. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 12:32:25
Sorry to say but i don't think it's shills, just stupid people
They have literally in the last 2 hours made a fucking thank you post to josh and gaw............it's fucking insane. 
they genuinely believe that being accepted at amazon (which will only be a simple api shopping cart) will cause the price to rocket....when has merchant adoption ever affected a coin positively?? almost never 
It's easy to understand why people assign a cult like description to it
this would be like praying thanks to god for "sending" a flood 
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:05:25
i thought overstock did keep some? considering the owner is aggressively supporting crypto at every turn , is attempting to build a crypto digital stock exchange, and has recently allowed wages to be paid to employee's in bitcoin 
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:32:12
Most likely what you are seeing is josh garza's retarded 5 year old child like creativity . 
They most likely have an account that when someone buys a gift card with paycoin, then they buy it with the btc equivalent off of gyft. 
This is why when you purchase you get directed to gyft to claim it. 
INNOVATION! is not copying everything that has already been done before............... 
@_date: 2015-01-23 20:40:47
They don't accept paycoin yet anyways, even when they do, it's a payment gateway , there are lots of them about, i would say it's super easy to build one with enough money, but considering just how much of a useless twat garza is, it's probs best he partners with someone , less he can fuck up 
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:07:37
You could literally almost solve the volatility problem now in some countries. 
Mobile app with LOCK_IN function (locks in local currency price)
Tether -  this site allows for decentralized Fiat currency backed by actual currency using mastercoin protocol on the bitcoin blockchain 
This will allow you to hold dollar but in a decentralized way and locked into your original purchase price 
When wanting to buy something, it converts tether fiat token to bitcoin before sending the bitcoin to the person they plan on paying
@_date: 2015-01-29 17:24:55
It has only been 1 of those prices in the last 365 days......................
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:07:23
They do hold bitcoin......... just not all of it 
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:03:20
How did you send the coins to your multibit wallet, you must have it down somewhere...... where did you send them from once you bought the coins, it would keep a record of your address 
@_date: 2015-01-27 07:43:35
True but they would of made their own bitcoin also, it was analysis of the systems and how they function and perform. either way they would of done their own. but far too early for the Fed to be doing anything like that
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:52:34
as valuable as the value he brings into the network 
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:16:36
so post the address as proof
@_date: 2015-01-26 15:44:54
Right this is what happens
Signs there will be good news, people manipulate the price by buying up, (this is speculation) 
this causes a mini bubble built on the speculation of news 
Once the news is actually released those people who have been driving the price up and causing this speculation/bubble now sell at the top of the peak they have created , causing the price to go back down, shrinking the speculatory bubble 
@_date: 2015-01-30 03:37:33
haha i doubt its value would shoot up, and it wouldn't be a real solution i don't think . It would only keep 4 copies max if anything, and i have heard from people who are sat waiting anxiously with 1000-3000 terrabyte farms waiting for the network to be switched on , and with its algo it would make the price cheaper if there is tonnes of free space. 
But it would at least offer a single node able to keep update
what might be possible is for a hardware manufacturer to make a bitcoin box which is effectively a 10-20terrabyte harddrive that functions in being solely a node , can be plugged into a wall simply and that's it's jobs 
There is also recent ideas being tested out on the bitcoin software  this video would explain, but they are trying to make it so not the complete blockchain would need to be downloaded or stored so smaller , while also testing for 10 and i think 20 megabyte block size
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:18:10
If i state : revolutionary technology takes time to become revolutionary and mass adopted 
then i give an example 
the IBM statement which i have now learnt is false , 
This doesn't make the first statement wrong , it makes the example i have given wrong. i am not moving the goal posts 
@_date: 2015-01-23 22:44:00
Will you be considering GBP in the future? 
I think i heard about the other major project , having valuable metals like gold and silver transferable on the blockchain and also being backed by the real thing.  
@_date: 2015-01-29 18:53:32
good news on the accepting of bitcoin. if you want more publicity and customers to your business that are interested in bitcoin then i would suggest adding your business to certain websites around the web that bitcoiners use to search out places to spend their coins 
 for example . 
@_date: 2015-01-26 02:31:12
Gives zero information, just a statement claiming he wants large amounts of coins. No other information, really amateurish, seems legit 
@_date: 2015-01-30 03:05:41
that's main reason for existing is to allow the acceptance, ownership and transference of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:11:13
this one is even better 
"And even having said all this, the worst part for me is the way  is handling this currently.
Prior to launch here are his quotes:
"Paybase customer features and benefits include:
Auto Conversion to BTC
Debit Card Access
ATM Partnerships
Switch back and forth between Paycoin, BTC and FIAT in real time
Through recently-formed partnerships, Paybase, when it launches, will be compatible with any merchant that uses Shopify or PayPal.
Bill Pay
Browser plug-ins to allow you to shop at major retailers and check out with Paycoin
Total integration into social media sites like Facebook, Reddit, and Twitter so you can tip your friends and favorite bloggers
also there is this
Paybase will change online payments, forever.
Paybase will launch on or near December 15th, 2014.
GAW has been busy acquiring companies and patents to make Paycoin the fastest, safest, and most powerful cryptocurrency ever conceived -- and to build the world’s most advanced online payment system in world - Paybase.
We have been purchasing and integrating new technologies for Paybase for months and now we are ready to unveil the results of those efforts.
Remember when I told you Paycoin would be the most usable cryptocurrency in the world?
finally when that Monday before Xmas came around there was this...
Paybase has been rescheduled to launch on the 29th of December .While Paybase is delayed, it's going to be much more powerful at launch.
We have made some significant upgrades for you.
Here is what you can expect at launch:
We will use the extra time to stress-test Paybase. - reality was 12/29 never happened...delayed until 24hrs later what about stress test?
We will manage XPY to the $20 each with NO verification, as soon as you open your account! - but we wont tell you about secret $700 USD weekly withdrawal limit
You will be able to move between XPY to BTC with NO verifications levels! - see above point.
We will start rolling out new Paybase debit cards!!! -nope
We will launch with no fees! - sell price is $1 less than what Paybase shows therefore I'm assuming that's a fee (steep fee too)
Plus, we have a free gift, to make up for the delay, for the launch of Paybase. - where is it?
It will be the best one yet.
Also, here are some of the things you can expect immediately after launch:
PaySave roll-out!
GoCoin integration!
Paybase will give you the ability to exchange to and from other currencies!
Now what he says after the launch and the price of XPY @ $6 USD today:
Thank you for explaining to us what "beta" means... funny that it wasn't mentioned prior to Paycoin/Paybase
Have some accountability, you may be able to fool some people but most of us are seeing right through this recent turn of events."
failure and lies every step of the way, hyping and drawing people in under false pretense .
and still some of them blindly follow and believe all will be sorted when amazon accepts them, or credit cards are able to be used to purchase coins, this has never increased the price of a coin, merchant adoption has hardly ever mooned  coin , maybe never has done. 
They are acting on blind faith when all evidence has pointed at delays and failure
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:58:43
How does removing the power cable of your laptop turn it off? does it run on 0% battery constantly? 
@_date: 2015-01-26 22:37:05
He has a warped idea that the currency is bad because of a "15 month slump"
which was right at the end of a super huge bubble, china on and off banning , russia , world bank comments, Mt Gox failure and missing coins 
I wouldn't even bother trying to explain anything else to him even if it was directly infront of his face he will ignore it
Venture capitalists invest in companies as they are solid providers of stable and constant income.....over a 1 term investment in a currency going up to a stable level, which is why most of them go around buying companies instead of just hoarding the same dollars they hold
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:23:19
They will not be buying the coins for $20 in 5 days. 
you will have the ability to get into the honor program in 5 days, this lasts a whole month. to be able to get into the program 
Then once people have deposited , you have to wait another month before payment, then the payment will be fixed to $100,000 minimum each month payout so min (5000 coins)
This means if 60,000 coins are put into escrow , it will take 12 months before everyone is paid back (at minimum) 
People argue that because josh stated it as a "minimum" that it will be more than the min some times, but remember, this is a guy who has lied many many different times and been creative with what he has said to mean totally different things for example (fully amazon intergrated shopping) I.E copying bitcoin , to be different than bitcoin hmmmmm 
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:28:39
so doing what you already had planned for today then? :P
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:41:01
Yeah they are allowing it because they can communicate with their API allowing the account owner to buy with BTC. 
The account owner buys with btc but accepts paycoin, gives the person who paid in paycoin the code to redeem off of the website. 
This is allowed on a technicality , Yes paycoin is a useless waste of space 
Yes there has not yet been a SINGLE innovative thing they have done, buying an exchange , a website for 1 million that redirects to their site (btc.com) and a payment processor , while failing TWICE in regards to credit card acceptance after failing to read the TOS of the website with their team of lawyers they apparently have. 
They are the most useless developers to date, apparently have a team of 60 people working and everything has been delayed or late. 
Failed to host a simple Q and A , promised 30 days of transparency. Challenged someone  to a debate and then said do it in email form (WTF?!) 
yes they are complete morons , but this is not direct trading , just like when they allowed credit card payments for coins, the website didn't have a single clue until payments were being made , gyft might not even know it has been done yet
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:14:41
merchant adoption will cause the price to drop to begin with, it's only natural. 
Last year we saw some major names accepting bitcoin as an option , now this is true , the majority of that money is converted to fiat. But that is stage 1 .
if you assume that nothing will change from now till 5 years in time then your assumption would be correct, but even now overstock for example has the option to pay its employee's in bitcoin, this will start the trend of offering to be paid in bitcoin for other companies , exactly like it did for merchant adoption . 
@_date: 2015-01-30 02:46:59
Which numbers are you using for that analysis? what are you comparing it to? because comparing the internet again the whole world population, it hasn't reached mass adoption . 
Linux from inception , to when people claimed it had reached mainstream adoption was around 18 years. 
There was articles calling linux obsolete and useless, and claiming it doesn't solve anything better than already solved rofl. 
"As I said before, Coinbase is not a pure bitcoin company like bitpay / bitstamp, its a payments company which deals in USD as well as bitcoin."
and as i didn't state but you should have already known facebook isn't solely on the internet  it has physical locations and other things that it is involved with , not just social media or being on the internet . 
@_date: 2015-01-29 20:15:09
I think it is pretty much that they lack understanding in the tech. 
But this could also be stated by people who actually write positive pieces about bitcoin 
The problem you have is , people are constantly making intuitive leaps regarding where bitcoin will be in the future , This technology is confusing to the mass majority of people in the world, even less who understand it in a very basic form can actually use and adapt it or code it. 
The further in the future you attempt to predict the less likely you are to be correct, Remember when the internet was a very small idea, mostly 'nerds' and 'geeks' using this useless technology that hardly anyone understands .......i don't remember anyone over 25 years ago stating "billions of smart handheld devices will be connected to the internet, allowing people unlimited access to almost all the worlds information or data" 
IBM even predicted that there would be no need for more than 3 computers ever. 
Bitcoin is a revolutionary technology that has yet to even reach 5% of its true potential, but not every revolutionary technology or idea or concept has been accepted and become mainstream or mass adopted . 
how that relates to in the future is anyones guess , it could be huge or it could fail
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:01:16
whats the stolen from address?
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:10:07
How about 50 years ago when the internet was first starting up? nope
how about 1960's when it was more than a concept and a running application for over 10 years? nope 
@_date: 2015-01-23 04:19:17
sorry its not more, not got my changetip account topped up in ages  $0.50 
@_date: 2015-01-24 18:08:26
The ability for credit card users to reverse transactions accounts for billions of dollars of loses in fraud each year
Centralized servers built to function on top of the decentralized currency is the problem, those centralized "trusted providers" if also decentralized would solve this problem
it's a PUBLIC LEDGER , You can track transactions easier than what bill gates spends his money on behind closed doors. not just "special in power people" can see what is going on but EVERYONE CAN CONFIRM IT
There are some people who use money anonymously and are never seen or tied to that money, and there are some that proclaim "this is my money" which isn't impossible in bitcoin......if you can claim "This address is mine" when you can simply have a system that allows people to say "i own this address" you have eliminated the problem, you are in the same situation as FIAT , those who are in an "official" capacity can give up their anonymity if they so choose, and some will not (fiat and crypto has this)
Also regarding instability, Instability in a recent emerging technology that depends on mass adoption will be volatile, the stability comes from mass adoption.
when you are lucky enough to be a countries currency they create tens-hundreds of millions in buy walls to stop that shit from falling in value.
@_date: 2015-01-20 02:30:46
It is the next stage of adoption ....well not next stage but it's own individual stage/bubble 
everything is it own : 
Investor bubble,
mining bubble,
merchant bubble : this one actually causes a decline in price as it increases, more daily transaction volume more sell pressure. 
also employer bubble , getting companies that accept bitcoin to soon get those same companies to allow payment in bitcoin to their employee's . The money they take in from selling products in bitcoin isn't traded and sold on the market for fiat but is used to pay employee's wages , this in turn will lead to less being turned into fiat, and those employee's spending bitcoin for other stuff 
this stage will reduce the amount of sell volume that is on the market while increasing usership and value transactions on the blockchain. 
Bubble is a crap word for it, more like "market forces" because it can cause it to move up or down and can apply pressure to buy and sell walls either way and effect the currency in different ways , not just bubble up, but there are hundreds of other different "market forces" all working together to form the entirety of bitcoin and the economy surrounding it 
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:52:50
Pretty impressive run on bitfinex a few 1000 btc buy walls were destroyed and price remained over 220
@_date: 2015-01-25 22:59:20
The stability thru adoption , comparing it to the instability of early banking systems for example the first bank of america and even the second which was massively inflationary and unstable. Bitcoin is still unstable obviously in this
So mainly the stability/instability and how saying bitcoin is unstable now is sort of like saying "i went into the sea and got wet" it's something naturally occurring for such a young system and stability comes with time and adoption and use 
@_date: 2015-01-26 15:26:56
An ETF is different, 
coinbase exchange : you buy and sell bitcoins , you can withdraw those bitcoins and use them
twinETF : you buy from the huge pile of bitcoins an equivilent value of the total that the twins own, you have no control and cannot withdraw those bitcoins
@_date: 2015-01-18 03:17:51
nope, the standalone executable file or the windows installer will do just fine. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 08:03:00
You do realize you are talking on a forum that hides posts that have been given too many downvotes? this place of converse is designed to decide who deserves to be listened to........
You have the decision to listen to anyone you want, this system doesn't prevent that.........but the order of importance will be structured round the most important information decided by the majority of being of most importance. 
Sort of like reddit , that you are using right now, instead giving more value to each individual vote and preventing mass manipulation through shill accounts 
"Freedom to have a very different notion of "good post" and "good poster" than the majority of the readers."
this hasn't been changed you are free to think whatever you like, you can even upvote someone who people have downvoted, just like reddit. you can disagree with whoever you like. that freedom isn't taken 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:40:22
magic beans didn't start crypto currency it isn't related to the beginnings of the creation of crypto currencies and blockchain technology. 
But if say IBM creates a super functional 100 times better system that changes the financial structure of the world as we know it, and it's ideas are closely based off the main building blocks of bitcoin. then bitcoin led to that point in time and was revolutionary, just like ARPANET was to the creation of the internet that then caused it to become mass adopted and revolutionary 
This is one of the arguments for bitcoin adoption , The internet took longer because of like you said, the infrastructure just wasn't there and because with bitcoin you already have the infrastructure, but it still requires an ability to be simple and easy to use by people for it to even become mass adopted. 
Investments into bitcoin have increased exponentially year on year. 
we are almost passing the mark of money invested last year in bitcoin 
The currency has gone down, but money invested and applications being built on bitcoin have increased exponentially. it is growing at an ever increasing rate. 
This might slow down yes , but at current , the growth of APP's and money being pumped into bitcoin specific industry is at it's highest point ever and is continuing to increase . 
@_date: 2015-01-29 02:18:05
"But even if Islamic State fundraising for Bitcoins on the dark web is a phenomenon one might expect to see more of, observers note that, at present, it still represents only the tiniest drop in the bucket for the terror group. Available intelligence suggests Islamic State is managing to raise hundreds of millions of dollars — mainly through illicit activities such as kidnapping, extortion and straight out theft. This summer, Islamic State reportedly stole over $425 million dollars worth of Iraqi dinars from Mosul’s central bank, making it one of the wealthiest, if not the wealthiest, terror groups in the world."
@_date: 2015-01-25 03:23:13
I have been flirting with the idea of micro transactional voting 
Costing a very very small fee to vote 
This while in effect is a small transaction in the singular, it prevent mass manipulation because the manipulation becomes costly and not worth it
It gives value to voting , a vote is actually worth something(albeit small) and is used in a more serious way, it holds power
People are rewarded lots of small tiny transactions for good content. the more people who up vote you the more those little tiny up vote transactions add up. actually promoting quality content and giving people more quality content as opposed to the shit peddlers 
@_date: 2015-01-29 20:53:10
"Funny people who are religious say that atheists don't understand the bible."
You already have a religious bias towards Bitcoin , This bias gives you an inability to separate yourself from the emotional bias of a certain sub group of believers in the technology and form a very narrow minded opinion of what it is. 
Heck i even stated "IT COULD FAIL" because althou it has the potential to be revolutionary , it also just as likely has the chance of failing.
"Care to revise that notion?"
Not really care to revise that notion , you have picked a single example i used as a example, you were adble to dismiss a single example but not actually the main point......my main point still stands  
"It it were revolutionary it would be adopted. This is the techno corollary of "Do you know what they call alternative medicine that works? Medicine.""
"involving or causing a complete or dramatic change."
Ok, "It's potential is to be revolutionary"
The internet has been revolutionary......yet it wasn't mass adopted instantly, because we have lived the past we are able to state right now, yes it was revolutionary. During the early years of the internet. maybe then you could claim it wasn't in you had been living in that precise time
"It it were revolutionary it would be adopted"
this single sentence alone shows how short sighted you are. Did every revolutionary action concept or idea in the world turn up and instantly reach mass adoption? 
oh right! no it didn't it actually had very staunch objectors to it, everything in history that was revolutionary had its deniers 
This is NOT TO SAY BITCOIN WILL SUCCEED , this is just historically proven that with change comes resistance . 
Could bitcoin fail? absolutely yes
Is it potentially revolutionary ? yes it has a chance to cause a drastic change to the financial system.
Does that mean it will? NO
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:52:18
It's a token that uses the mastercoin protocol , which in turn is on the bitcoin blockchain . 
They issue tokens in different fiat currencies 1-1 equation , you can buy 1 token for 1 dollar, it will be backed by actual real funds , verifiable and proof of solvency constantly. 
This allows for the transfer of dollars on the blockchain, more exchanges that accept it would allow dollar to be sent decentralized on the blockchain exchange to exchange, where you could then turn into bitcoin or other crypto's 
Also if you fear bitcoin will going to fall in value, likely the ability to switch to this token , buy up with your bitcoin as many tokens as your bitcoin are in dollar, hold in dollar and cash back if the price lowers or becomes less volatile.
It is a case of has a few pretty good uses now, many more potential user cases in the future as thing's develop  
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:37:37
the amount of traffic has actually decreased quite substantially from past levels 
 There are literally hundreds of shill type accounts whose sole purposes are to agree or disagree and complain about coins they are or are not interested in . 
The amount of scams has turned it's users into a psychological psychosis soup of super mistrust and denial and accusations to the smallest of things
@_date: 2015-01-26 03:34:19
time and services and infrastructure  , just like banking systems when they first existed were unstable as nitroglycerin. it takes adoption and many hundreds of millions of dollars of daily trade
@_date: 2015-01-29 02:13:15
 
they use the dollar far more
@_date: 2015-01-21 03:05:35
I would fact check and confirm Stuart fraser's involvement with GAW. The only real quotes are from a published news article that GAW themselves created 
His twitter account is also randomly created around the time of miners, and only ever really retweets shit from josh and GAW
Not saying anything is wrong with what you say but there lacks details regarding mr fraser , only quoted texts passed around for months with no real source
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:20:33
It also states "When an empire dies, it historically has ALWAYS been by DEFLATION/STAGFLATION."
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:14:40
They invested in a company that allows regular payments outside of paypal , so does apple pay, why did they specifically invest in coinbase, instead of something that does the same without bitcoin? 
Investors as in Million being pumped into services that run on the bitcoin blockchain, not actually buying the bitcoin coins 
How many people invested millions into tulip bulb exchanges and services built around tulip bulbs? 
 
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:46:34
I agree, i also agree with your opinion on the price rising, Adoption is at an all time high , new funding from financial institutions , more apps and more accessible everyday to people around the world. The wall st journal recently said bitcoin/blockchain tech is one of the best things in finance in the last 500 years . 
But i do not agree that trolls have that much effect on the market, Yes when bitcoin was younger and had less transaction volume, it could be manipulated in some fashsion for a short period of time, It happen regularly with lower valued alts , But trolls have very very little impact on bitcoin price if any  
@_date: 2015-01-26 00:16:01
He could do exactly just that
just like the admitted selling of their own premine to people who purchased with credit cards for the very short time it was able. so adding zero support to the coin, being funneled directly out of their premine stash . 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:03:24
I am saying that : predicting the future the further into the future gets harder the further you attempt to predict , the % chance of getting it right is lower the further you try to predict. 
50's-60's i stated i don't believe people where predicting and envisioning a world with smart handheld devices that have a connection to unlimited resources and loudly trying to advertise the internet as this huge magical thing that will revolutionize the world and in what way specifically it would. 
Like with most technology when have invented , the true understanding of their application takes a long time to find out. It develops into something huge and was merely the first building block into something greater something of more use and to give us more abilities 
While there are a few very specific visionaries that have correctly predicted closely to what the future would hold, given a bit of subjective leeway. (meaning some are close but conceptually different but do it very similarly) 
This still doesn't account for the main majority of the world, and the following and belief of such things 
But the main point of the argument it relates to specifically, is Technology and revolutionary ideas are not always revolutionary until after a rather long time period , say maybe 20-30 years for the internet to reach mainstream and be seen as revolutionary , and the people who talked about it in that time would of not been speaking about it as how it will look like now and predicting exactly what it would encompass. 
There would of been people against it's use (they would of had bias towards this from lack of understanding)
but also there would of been huge supporter of the technology, like the geeks and nerds that spawned well before it reached the mainstream adoption stage and became this revolutionary technology but then again they would of been hugely bias towards it. 
The main points here 
bitcoin is revolutionary 
technology and revolutionary ideas don't become mass adopted instantly and takes a period of time to become mainstream and revolutionary 
and that with any new technology that comes out, isn't very well understood and creates a bias in how and why they write. 
To note i also stated that this happens to people WHO SUPPORT BITCOIN , they also have a bias toward bitcoin rather than against , which leads to things like the super religious like followers bitcoin has .
There points have still not been argued against, only the semi connected examples that i gave and filler 
 
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:08:07
it stuns me how people are surprised , his only defense he can use is to create reasonable doubt about his role in silkroad , if the jury are not sure they can't give a guilty verdict . 
So you create reasonable doubt by giving the jury half baked theories of who else it might be, Best thing is, this is over tor and using bitcoin, more anonymous than anything before,(but not actually anon) so its much easier to sell a story of (this guy actually did it) when all evidence is behind smoke and mirrors to begin with  
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:54:31
ah ok, thanks for the update , didn't know fully, will update
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:40:27
There still isn't any easy way, yes they can accept bitcoin but what happens to that bitcoin? it gets converted instantly to dollar , the other option is to hold which is completely speculative currently and not good for any high cost business plan that cannot restock with bitcoin. 
This is the problem, they have trouble dealing with banks, but even with accepting bitpay or any other service they would need to convert to back to fiat and have it put into an account, which is the problem they are currently facing, banks rejecting them and preventing them to be allowed a bank account if it means they deal with cannabis. 
Plus banks are already quite negative towards bitcoin also, so it isn't an actual solution, its adding more problems, not only do the banks have problems because of cannabis but also because of bitcoin. 
Some people will accept it and it will get adopted more maybe this year, but it is still more trouble than most people are willing to accept to start accepting 
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:00:18
I said the internet was in the making in the 1950's-1960's ..............that's when the internet practically was started 
What i said was , the prediction of how exactly it would shape the world in the future, would be less accurate the further you try to predict into the future. Predicting 1 year from now is easier than predicting 100 years from now.......
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:40:35
I think that missing day was the day bitcointalk was down pretty much the whole day
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:13:25
Currently the most likely path of bitcoins is Purchase or hold, then spending, which goes to a company who either holds a small amount or none at all which is then transferred back to USD . 
When adoption becomes far more widespread (not just certain shops accepting it) but producers of products accepting it, store fronts, wages being paid in bitcoin, manufacturers accepting purchases in bitcoin. 
This is when the price will increase massively, you will have bitcoin working as the currency it should, instead of people selling it for USD to pay for bills, they can pay their bills in bitcoin, they can shop with bitcoin, those shops can stock up on products with bitcoin . This would be bitcoin being traded for goods to then be used to restock with bitcoin again. It would add zero to the sell order book trade volume, everything you need would be able to be gotten thru purchase with bitcoin. But there would be more people getting into bitcoin, more people knowing. 
You would have a decreased sell order book, and an increased buy order book, it would be better suited to be in bitcoin instead of USD , less reason to convert to USD. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:41:27
The phase's don't have a set time scale, but further on they do tend to have longer times before completion of phases, expect more than a year of wall st phase , expect global consumer phase to be longer away
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:38:22
because it's very easy to scam................
Little effort , big reward, very little in terms of punishment or repercussions 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:55:41
still havent explained the exponential growth of bitcoin investments , even NYSE investing. 
Bitcoin in 6 years has been accepted by microsoft, and has financial institutional investments . 
Plus the fact bitcoin requires regularization rules and laws , which are amazing slow in progress and advancement . 
There is nothing revolutionary about the internet, its just a computer connected to another computer connected to another computer x1000000000 
@_date: 2015-01-30 22:37:26
Rofl he apparently was a security expert and the only questions he answers are random things "bitcoiners" have said. 
no actual technical analysis of the code, he thinks its useless, wont tell you why, althou wont stop telling you why its not anonymous, which is fucking obvious considering its built on a public fucking ledger. 
speaks volumes about him, speaks non stop about non technical stuff and opinions of others, doesn't actually talk about the technicalities 
@_date: 2015-01-01 14:50:59
True in some respects, but this is the replacement of the things that need to be replaced, the infrastructure you talk about is a much much bigger job than ever before, Maidsafe will use certain aspects of existing infrastructure to increase speed of adoption and use while still maintaining the main goal and ambition, a free, safe and secure internet for anyone that needs or wants it , where the developers and creators of this internet are rewarded
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:50:46
some investors invest in stuff with real world future value and utility.......... how does this or your statement actually prove anything? 
it isn't just "software" 
@_date: 2015-01-19 21:46:24
Pokerstars is apparently on the maybe list in the near future, Mostly speculation and a few randomly quoted words from articles. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:31:58
In effect yes, Buying from tether would likely require signing up like any exchange , But because of the nature of it being a token , it can be transferred freely between people in the ways bitcoin is, i mean its even on the bitcoin blockchain , so it would be as simple as sending bitcoin to a wallet except it would be the token instead. 
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:30:44
something happened on the 23rd to increase sign ups and interest in crypto it looks like
not a clue what thou
@_date: 2015-01-23 22:59:17
Thats good to hear, thanks for the info, yeah sorry i read so many articles its hard knowing the specifics on them all but heard about the hope gold example , and wrongly connected it directly to tether :P 
@_date: 2015-01-29 18:48:30
What is stopping them is their earning potential 
Currently banks charge around 21 cents per debit card transaction 
Why would they spend millions upon millions integrating and completely changing their system to work off of the blockchain , which is only 5 years old and still is uncertain as  to if it will be a success , which would in turn cause them to not be allowed to charge 21 cents per transaction because they have implemented a more functional system so the cost of the system is cheaper to run so likely a law would be put into place to lower their ability to charge fee's and earn billions a year of customers and merchants 
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:57:31
dunno how legit it is : 
@_date: 2015-01-29 01:44:56
There is no real answer its a mixture of many different things. 
We had an investor bubble last year, people with the belief they would get rich fast, we are most likely out of that bubble
there was also a mining bubble, people mining bitcoin to get rich. Explosive growth in mining companies/hardware development specifically to mining but nothing else bitcoin. 
There will be many more bubbles, Hardware for other things that are not bitcoin mining specific , the merchant bubble will actually cause a drop in price until it equalizes . (they sell their bitcoin for dollar instantly causing downward pressure, more adoption more pressure on the market) 
What will happen after a while is that the merchant bubble will likely equal out when other abilities become more popular, like merchants paying employee's in bitcoin , buying stock in bitcoin. reducing sell pressure . 
Imagine everything that can be done on the bitcoin blockchain as its own little volume switch, up and down, causing the price to be moved up or down depending on different factors, (amount of money invested, progress and speed of development) each one variable in nature and each one affecting the price of bitcoin in a different way. 
So like: 
hardware - like wallets and security
exchanges 
merchant adoption 
bill paying services /wages
traders 
regulations 
scams and scam prevention
each in their own little bubble, able to direct the coins value in either direction depending on certain criteria, all of those are then interconnected to each other, most of the time they will conflict with each other , 1 bring the price down 1 bringing it up, or lots of different factors contributing to the decline in bitcoin price.  
Mtgox didn't help the price , and we are still feeling the effects of 2 major bubbles bursting, with another bubble arising except this bubble will cause more sell pressure to be added to the market. This will alleviate most likely once other market factors change and evolve and reduce sell pressure.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:51:22
Then do your research before most of it is deleted from hashtalk. 
They have systematically hyped thier coin before release with lots of promising features and a promised 20 dollar peg , which they would throw money into making. 
They claimed full integration into amazon , "something never been done before" Now people are saying it is the same as all other standard API web carts that exist already. 
Amazon is claiming no connection except this API access that anyone has
They promised a ready to go payment platform and numerous other features then after a delay of over 2 weeks claim "it's beta what do you expect" They expect that what they were told a week previous was to be the truth . they expect that the advertisement and the promises that were said would be delivered. 
Their attempt to over inflate the usefulness of this coin and cause it to be over valued is effectively cheating and lying causing people to be financially screwed thru deceitful lies.  
"We will have a $20 peg , we can support it ourselves we have enough money"
"We tried to peg it but too many people dumped, it wasn't our fault"
Lies and deceit 
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:36:40
When the market rises : there are trolls
when the market is semi stable: there are trolls 
When the market falls : there are trolls
conclusion , trolls are trolls and do not influence market mechanics on a noticeable level 
@_date: 2015-01-01 14:44:51
also maidsafe.org which is almost released and offering everything you mention plus 10 times more
@_date: 2015-01-13 13:42:44
yeah, the large amount of posts in dire despair about the price drop are popping up because no one has noticed the price drop..........
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:46:07
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:30:42
Me : Greece 'highly problematic country/economy' 
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:29:38
It would be different to bitreserve, in the fact they are decentralized tokens of money, not provided by a fixed card that you deposit into, you get much more control and a much bigger ability to buy the coins from other places since it is specifically a token that can be bought and sold on exchanges 
@_date: 2015-01-02 21:24:46
There will be people willing to buy with a lower rep but it will likely depend on the amount of verification done. I use it because its the fastest out there once sorted and its a better selling price than market value. only by a few % but it's better price. 
Depends how much you are selling also, and they might ask for a verification like ID or something photoed. Sorry don't know exactly but thats the stuff i dealt with to begin with.
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:28:13
already sort of being done 
crypto cash register , Allows you to deal in the majority of crypto currencies that are traded on the higher volume exchanges. 
You can accept cash $ , or any combination of crypto, 100% in bitcoin, 50-50 of 2 different coins. 33-33-33. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 02:17:23
rofl click the link in the youtube description it gets even fucking better!
It has the exact same layout as those ebooks that use to be on sale years ago, "earn $30,000 a month" "look how i earned all this money in this stock photo"
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:34:08
It would seem weird althou there are a few things you have to remember
The last 5 projects they have done, they have fucked up BIG 
it has taken them a long time to solve problems because they are just so useless , apparently 60+ people working for them and it takes them 3-4 days to resume and it still isnt working properly! 
This could be them just being their good old useless selves or they are running on almost empty and the "ponzi " has run out of steam , and those btc don't exist in the system anymore cos they poor
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:52:44
you can buy their stock........... thus they are always looking for investors, to buy their stock. 
If you are trying to equate the dotcom bubble to bitcoin, then please at least get the comparison right, that would mean bitcoin is the internet and the business on the blockchain would be exactly that....business, but using and on the blockchain instead. 
people invested in bad ideas on the internet, It still didn't detract from the use of the internet............
"There were probably a lot of them back then for people to trade"
rofl........yeah ok 
BITCOIN BITCOIN BITCOIN 
i wrote that last bit just cos i wanted to see you write magic beans in all capitals 3 times 
@_date: 2015-01-24 04:32:20
monkey fossil 
@_date: 2015-01-15 01:53:27
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:13:11
"The returns on stocks tend to be much lower than the returns on venture investing in a start up" 
I agree , This is the main reason why venture capitalists and other more official companies (cos some vc's invest in any old shit i agree) 
The reason they invest in companies rather than the currency is simply because it's offer far better security and profit 
Invest in bit-coin which is promised by its followers to reach stupidly high heights say 3000 dollars 
or invest 10 million in a company that in 5 years will be worth 200million dollars and have given them millions of dollars profit year on year for the last 5 years. 
This still shows that money is being inested into Bit-coin blockchain technology at an exponential rate, i am not trying to argue with if it will fail or slow down. i have already mentioned like 4 times it could very well fail into nothingness 
But what it does show is growth , something that tulip bulbs didn't last longer than a year, and had completely imploded, Currently someone invested in bitcoin 4 years ago is effectively still seeing thousands of % in value gains , which is pretty unheathly to the thing as a whole anyways
"I don't write it, i have a chrome extension which changes all references to bitcoin to magic beans and i just copy -&gt; paste what it says without bothering to change it back."
Haha that makes it 10x more funny
@_date: 2015-01-30 02:27:45
This isn't even about a single investment . 
For adoption growth there needs to be evidence of an increase in certain areas of new financial investments and more usage . 
Usage and investments in the currency have grown year on year getting bigger and bigger each year.
The libertarian revolution has been trying to revolt for many many years and will continue to do so, they are simply choosing bitcoin because it presents certain things that hold to part of their belief structure . 
Comparing coinbase to say facebook would be a comparison of something built on top of the protocol , to communicate and function with the protocol . 
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:29:17
"Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time."
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:19:40
Bitcoin is a 6 year old technology. 
Price and stability in financial markets means many hundreds of millions of dollars every day, even more . 
More than a tiny % of the world using it
If you want a dose of reality here it is : don't expect stability in a technology that is still in an early adoption stage. The most unstable period of any market is at the very beginning , any company, any technology. stability comes with adoption, and while adoption is increasing, its not large enough to bring any real stability
Now when people say "slipping price isn't a problem" they are most likely saying "the short term price is not a problem when you look at it in a long term mind set and instead of focusing solely on the price instead in terms of usage and adoption that it is following all other examples of technological advancements and other similar things. the price is dropping but adoption is increasing at a faster rate each year"
But no bitcoin is not healthy , it wont be healthy for quite some time , There is global resistance to bitcoin , Just like every other piece of technology begins with. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:06:50
See i am not sure yet. 
Bitcoin could be around and reach mass adoption in the next say 10 years.......But like most technology it changes and makes the previous version of it obsolete , so will it change much? i think it could lead onto something much greater , but in the end may not survive
Bitcoin might be the ARPANET of bitcoin , leading to something greater 
Bitcoin could become the "internet" metaphorically in the same analogy 
Or it might just fizzle out of existence. 
But yes i agree it is very entertaining to wittness and be living thru it
@_date: 2015-01-26 02:33:44
plus an ETF that allows you to buy in an official capacity ,but not actually buying any bitcoins just a stake in a massive stack of them 
compared to an actual exchange that allows you to purchase bitcoins to do what you want with them
they are 2 different things with 2 different functions
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:31:31
Yes, like a token distributed on the bitcoin blockchain , the token can be sent to your own personal address and is stored there. like for example the maidsafe tokens that were distributed on the blockchain thru mastercoin protocol 
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:42:00
Bankers throughout history have lost. when civilizations/countries burn or become unstable, when economies collapse , bankers lose. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:51:05
Its basically a colored coin in effect. 
It is a company that uses the mastercoin protocol to distribute "tokens" these tokens have a 1-1 conversion rate to the dollar, they cost 1 dollar to buy , they are direct representations of dollars but on the bitcoin block chain as a token . The company backs those numbers up with real reserves of dollar. proving they have fully liquidity in a open and efficient manner regularly. 
The tokens are basically like a coin that can be sent over the bitcoin blockchain, to your actual bitcoin address. You send to your own bitcoin address , you hold the tokens. 
Their plan is to have it so , as many exchanges as possible allow for tether on their exchanges, this will allow for fixed dollar amounts to be transferred across exchange to exchange . but it is possible to do other things with it, like implement a ability to lock in your worth at a fixed dollar rate, to then enter back in to btc when you are either purchasing or choose to go back in
@_date: 2015-01-23 23:56:04
I wont mock you but most likely you are lying.
@_date: 2015-01-19 20:59:54
It could work, but how many theaters and how would it be organised , would you attempt a digital showing or oldie movie reel style? 
But it would most likely be cheaper cost wise, showing films that have already been out for decades, so there might be a little profit to showing the film instead of most of the profits being made from extremely expensive food
could show multiple shows on the same screens fairly easily throughout the day. 
They do do this in certain theaters when they do special marathons of old films, particularly sci fi sagas and the likes. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 04:20:38
See i originally thought of implementing that , but i think the negative should be either % fee's of the forum of place of converse , or saved in a pot to be given to the top commenting of the week or something, giving more reward for quality content, i think the putting people into negative balance essentially brings with it more problems that it solves itself. But with a wiggling of the limits and parameters it could be more effective implemented 
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:24:25
the idea is reward and profit. 
give people a reward or profit and give incentive to those mining , thus giving security to the blockchain. 
With a minor foresight into the future and the limited supply of bicoins, if bitcoin becomes it's climatic goal and being a global currency then many many millions of transactions will happen daily. 
These transactions all have fee's , at least most do. When in 100 years it still exists and has become the ideal transference of money and each coin is worth a large amount, then miners will mine just like any other time, reason : profit and reward
The idea is for the mining costs to follow roughly the cost of the coins produced(with minor  profit calculated in) , like mining gold , you over mine gold and have more to sell the global price index for gold goes down, because you are selling more than if being bought .  
The system itself is a self monitoring system, The amount per coin mined falls, the hashrate falls because it is no longer profitable and there is no reward. 
if the price goes up, more mine, more people are interested in the profit and reward. which thus increases difficult and distributes the wealth accordingly. 
but basically if bitcoin is huge in 100 years , the worth of coins will be huge, it will be globally used, those transaction fee's will give incentive to the miners to continue mining . if it is worth it
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:36:01
In your wallet, you would have your bitcoin address that you have full access to an no one else. 
Once you purchase bitcoin, it will auto convert into tether, fixing it at the dollar rate, say you buy 200 dollars worth of bitcoin, instantly convert to 200 tokens , these will exist on your wallet address. 
Say 1 week later you wanna buy something, bitcoin has dropped 40% 
You hold tokens equivalent to dollar so that doesn't matter, you still hold 200 dollars , you could convert them to btc and get more btc than you originally had, or you could code the wallet to pay in bitcoin , converting only what you intend to spend , into bitcoin as and when you wish to purchase said items 
This will keep your dollar rate fixed and stable, and also allow you to buy anywhere bitcoin is accepted and pay in bitcoin, while no loses if bitcoin drops 
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:41:21
best keep it to yourself, it will be for everyone's benefit 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:32:19
Did i mention anything about tech writers? or a critical analysis of bitcoin being written and it being negative towards bitcoin? that isn't "a smear campaign" 
Right so under your logic 
They hate community zealots from complaining and causing them to be personally attacked, so they write more negative comments 
emotionally bias, causing them to write stuff based on a sub group of people who support bitcoin, instead of the tech. 
not understanding the tech , and basing their assumptions off of a sub group of followers
@_date: 2015-01-24 05:08:54
how does the assassin claim this bounty? 
if its stored on an address, what releases the funds, who is in charge of it? 
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:26:01
Thanks for the Info , didn't know it was one of those misquoted things that is over blown throughout history. 
This still doesn't make the main point false , it was a wrongly used example , but the evidence still remains
Predicting the future, the further into the future the less likely it is to be correct. 
And that the internet was revolutionary, ARPANET was revolutionary as it led onto what we actually today call the "internet" .but it wasn't popular or mass adopted for over 30-40 years. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 05:21:06
Those people who hope to profit from posting will post quality content , since quality and how we speak will be judged, anonymity in forums has already shown the horrible depths humans will go to under the guise of anonymity. 
rewards people on by what they say , makes them think about saying something, instead of writing "fuck you you fag noob piece of shit , hope your family dies" are more likely to provide a different comment that is well structured and well thought out . or likely not actually post at all. 
its more of a "freedom" thing? what exactly about what i said isn't freedom? you have not been given restrictions to anything you say or do? you have given an incentive for quality , no incentive for shit . you can still post shit , you also prevent those "freedoms" of creating 200 accounts and manipulating the system so hat your "freedoms" are at the expense of muting others
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:31:55
"The key difference is that people don't foresee a fixed cost (unit amount) that they must pay with Bitcoin. If the value of the Bitcoins that they own increases, then any future cost will take a proportionally smaller amount of Bitcoins. There isn't any fixed incentive to holding Bitcoin other than speculation.
If the economy that uses Bitcoin grows, the per-unit value of Bitcoin proportionally increases also.
Everything is the opposite of the popular fractional reserve banking system (because Bitcoin isn't a debt but an asset). Bitcoins only deflate in value when the Bitcoin Economy is growing.
Because the Deflationary spiral is a real problem in the traditional monetary system, doesn't necessarily mean that it will also be a problem in the Bitcoin economy.
"Elaborate controls to make sure that currency is not produced in greater numbers is not something any other currency, like the dollar or the euro, has," says Russ Roberts, professor of economics at George Mason University. The consequence will likely be slow and steady deflation, as the growth in circulating bitcoins declines and their value rises.
"That is considered very destructive in today's economies, mostly because when it occurs, it is unexpected," says Roberts. But he thinks that won't apply in an economy where deflation is expected. "In a Bitcoin world, everyone would anticipate that, and they know what they got paid would buy more then than it would now."
--MIT Technology Review: What Bitcoin Is, and Why It Matters, May 25, 2011"
dunno if this is helpful , possibly there exists a counter argument to this also
rofl i and just noticed this zinger of a statement in there " Bitcoins only deflate in value when the Bitcoin Economy is growing." 
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:38:50
The improvements you talk about will be decentralized exchanges. 
Having a decentralized currency and then having centralized exchanges is no good, you create something to have no single point of failure then build a way to obtain those coins , that has a single point of failure. 
 
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:34:09
I agree with the reasons, and it does state lower down he isn't interested in hyperinflation or deflation when it comes to the destruction of countries /powers 
It is a great in-depth study and would benefit anyone interested in crypto and financial systems. 
For those that don't understand thou i will try to ELI5 it for ya
Most financial systems collapse through hoarding of money. 
Now imagine that the economy is a 8 cylinder engine and the dollar is the gas that allows the engine to run . 
What happens for example if people start taking that gas (dollar) and instead of putting it into the engine (economy) instead they store it offshore in banks to do nothing 
Then the engine is unable to run, it is slowing down and running on less than it needs. 
This hoarding of money in vast amounts , making and causing the top 1% of the world to own more than the rest, it is what causes the engine to stop working , the gas is removed and hoarded not put back into the engine . 
@_date: 2015-01-03 14:15:20
remember 1 million dollars of that money was used buying btc.com to redirect to their website. money well spent
@_date: 2015-01-30 03:27:21
hosting it on maidsafe once it is released
@_date: 2015-01-23 22:37:41
Love the concept, bringing real dollar onto the blockchain allowing super easy decentralized fiat transference. 
only realized a few days ago that it uses mastercoin protocol , might be some life in mastercoin after all
@_date: 2015-01-29 19:15:00
a link might be helpful
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:56:17
I would personally say localbitcoins , direct bank transfer . You can have the money in your account within 5-10 minutes , even on christmas day (depending on which bank you got) 
because it's in the UK and not too many exchanges you can usually sell them for more than the equivalent current USD market value 
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:56:20
This comes hand in hand with volatility , there is always going to be this, when american dollars came out, it was easier to counterfeit than today, but still it is counterfeited. It is still used to fund terrorists and it is still used to fraud and scams and to buy drugs. 
The system doesn't prevent abuse in some respects and alleviates other aspects. 
yesterday there was a news story of a 124 year old business dying because of a simple spelling mistake from their banking institution. should i intuitively postulate from that , that banking is evil and terrible? nope i think banking has it's uses . 
I am not pro bitcoin, or against it. 
I think it has potential , but also has the same chance of failing. 
I believe it has the potential to be revolutionary , like ARPANET in making something else that will make bitcoin obsolete is a possibility  
@_date: 2015-01-27 07:10:03
I know no one wants to admit it, i don't even want to admit it, but the other option they were looking at is most likely ripple . 
Has to be uniquely coded and different from bitcoin, can't really be NXT surely 
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:10:27
That was a reply to a direct question specifically detailing the prediction of smart phones being used by billions of the population. 
Not the actual internet but specifically , mobile smart phones being used for a plethora of things 
you just quoted me saying "How about 50 years ago when the internet was first starting up?" and then claimed that i said "You said the internet wasn't predicted in the 50s and 60s, when it was."
make your mind up
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:49:38
When did i saw it was impossible to predict? 
Isaac asimov is a single person, who was scarily accurate in the prediction of the future, even predicting televisions in the form of flat screen TV's 
This still doesn't mean it's easier to predict the future, or more likely, he is 1 person out of billions......... 
You are the dumbass for making such a fucking stupid assumption 
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:37:47
not closed source but prevents allowing people to use it like true open source *
That being said i think the move was most liely due to people copying the hardware and likely attempting to copy the software as well , costing them money in competitive companies popping up and selling for much cheaper, cos the hardware is cheap in comparison to the research and development costs people are paying for, apparently its possible too sell the trezor for $19 the $100 extra is r%d costs as well as continued updating and improvements
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:32:16
lol the most recent comment sounds like they think the dollar is backed by the gold standard , or most currencies for that matter, when it simply is not
@_date: 2015-04-16 20:49:50
Tesla : I can visualize and build a 3d object in my mind with hundreds of different moving parts and then when i attempt to build it from my mind it works perfectly the first time. 
Edison : Does this work? .....nope, Does this work?....nope , Does this work?...... nope ,Does this work? .....nope, Does this work?....nope , Does this work?...... nope ,Does this work? .....nope, Does this work?....nope , Does this work?...... nope
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:20:36
they already have said something
"Our apologies. The developers are working on it – and while we do not have an ETA – please be assured that balances are safe and we'll do our best to get this fixed ASAP.
Sorry for any inconvenience this is causing users"
@_date: 2015-04-28 13:47:17
 
@_date: 2015-03-22 22:31:44
Cryptsy is famously slow as hell 
There have literally been times waiting for deposits showing 26/6 confirms and still no sign of the deposit . It's one of the longest running exchanges but it is famously slow as hell 
most likely will turn up in the next few hours , but yeah they are uselessly slow
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:45:30
I would say it is probs one of your best options , you do need identity documents but they are one of the most professional exchanges , theydon't currently have stupid random reasons for closing down accounts(like circle and coinbase have been known to do) and are very active in the community , even helping with the Mt Gox debacle 
@_date: 2015-03-12 03:37:56
@_date: 2015-03-12 03:33:45
i prefer 69
@_date: 2015-03-03 19:06:04
lol out of the 20 bazillion possible bitcoin address's and they use an address that doesn't even exist
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:05:57
tl:dr if you have a gambling problem , don't gamble
@_date: 2015-03-29 06:01:52
It's a coin mixer on nodes that's about all it is and ever was. 
If you are looking for an anon coin there are several out there that are looking much better than Dash , some that some people don't even know will be anon with an ability greater than anything on the market yet
@_date: 2015-03-11 01:03:42
you mean pounds £ &lt;&lt; pound sign 
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:12:19
thanks for the answers, what are the release times looking to be around? before its able to be purchased, are there also other coins being considered to be added? 
also would there be multi functionality , a one wallete fits all or 1 wallet for each different coin
@_date: 2015-03-04 22:32:17
how exactly does this remove risk? 
How do you buy bitcoin or transfer USD into a choosen currency . 
Yes you can trade BTS to BitUSD but how exactly do you buy the BTS in the first place? Thru bitcoin? how did you get those bitcoin? thru a centralized exchange ? 
if so, it aint really removing any risk just moving it along .
@_date: 2015-11-05 01:24:42
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:38:30
yeah i agree i usually search for patterns in the data , usually tells you enough if its a common pattern . 
Best way would be ATM if you didn't wanna use ID and important documents but until they are wide spread it is only an option to the few that currently live near one
@_date: 2015-03-30 21:47:57
The site states:
"Please note, this device is ONLY meant for you to use on trusted networks." 
so i am guessing if you have an unknown malicious program there is not a safety measure in it to prevent access to your coins like say trezor or ledger? 
The UI , where is it hosted , can you access private keys if you were somehow unable to get into the UI online
@_date: 2015-03-17 00:53:08
Only just decided to post it now? yeah ok
you are leaking desperation 
@_date: 2015-03-17 01:44:27
basically to claim clams
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:11:29
I suspect when and if side chains becme a thing expect the "the great alt coin migration" When side chaining a coin to bitcoin is more press and popularity for a coin and it becomes the easiest thing for a dev to do to increase temporary value. 
Smart contracts are basically trustless contracts
in a gambling setting , I pay 1 btc for "no" option , someone else bets 1 btc for "yes" , someone will win , no one holds the coins, the coins are automatically paid to the winner based on the outcome . no need to trust a human , it is done automatically , it is coded to payout on a certain result
Same would go for financial markets , or going long and short on bitcoin or any coin or stock . 
you could jerry rig multiple smart contracts together and create effectively a decentralized exchange , a specific amount of coins is paid to an address in BTC when it receives a certain amount of coins in another ALT coin address , it is set to automatically paid out, instantly verifiable to determine if it will be paid out by checking the liquidity of the address in question 
@_date: 2015-03-21 13:48:25
I predict people will refuse to identify themselves and not add themselves to that blockchain . 
It's not exactly like they will be forcefully added, it would take a actual physical element of someone actually adding themselves to this chain and every other action tying to the chain to keep it up to date.
edit : Yes they can assign you a number on the chain and attempt to track your every move adding that information onto the "blockchain" they are keeping, but they already do that now.....in a centralized way, why would they then switch to a decentralized method for something they want strict control over
@_date: 2015-03-21 15:35:04
It's pretty complex with literally thousands of nodes with 7 different levels of verification processes going on with most actions within the network , I understand it's working but not the super intricate stuff , the forum might help you out more, the dev is on almost daily answering questions and it may have been answered before i just aint seen it .  , it will possibly redirect you when you click cos they recently moved the site
actual site it redirects to : 
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:42:14
I prefer localbitcoins but that is because i have had an account for well over a year. 
I imagine someone signing into localbitcoins now would have a hell of a time finding someone who would sell them bitcoin without extra hoop jumping to prove who they are. (because of low feedback and trust)
Person to person meet ups are possible but are sometimes dodgy and can come at an extra cost per BTC 
same with other transfer methods on localbitcoins they usually are charged at a higher fee . 
I use it for speed thou, i will pay an extra 5% per btc if i can get my coins and withdraw them within 2-5 minutes of purchase , I am also from UK thou as well, from what i understand its easier since its bank-bank transfer in seconds . but never once had a problem
@_date: 2015-03-07 00:44:40
confirmed by a moderator of hashtalk 
@_date: 2015-03-21 14:18:49
yes , maidsafe and ShadowCash 
Maidsafe isn't quite out yet , give it another few months, but basically  it doesn't use a blockchain , the only information contained on the history of the coin is the last owner of the coin and the current owner, like cash , you know who gave you the money and you now know you hold it , once you give it to someone else, they know you gave it to them , they know they have it, but they don't know who had it before you. 
Also ShadowCash uses bitcoin tech mixed with ring sigs like monero , this allows you to turn your coins into tokens and have them turn up whenever you choose on a new address , now if you tracked the numbers it might be possible to identify which transaction was turned into tokens and then which new address , that same exact amount turns up in a few hundred blocks down the chain, but you can turn the tokens into coins systematically , in varying amounts , being unable to tied the coins in those addresses  to any other specific transaction , as if they are clean shiny new coins.
There is probs more
@_date: 2015-03-05 00:48:34
Thanks for the explanation while this is decentralized in effect , the main problem is getting btc or using USD to buy these decentralized assests like bitcoin. Now that will still require a centralized exchange . 
If the only way to get into a decentraized exchange is by means of a centralized purchase , the danger has not really been removed , its been moved . 
the main problem currently is people using exchange like wallets, not just the orderbook , last mini dump on bitcoin had 1000 btc in orders, over 5000+ btc sold in a matter of 15 minutes , 80% of that was not waiting on the orderbooks , it was waiting in the users wallet . most of the gox bitcoin, or the bter bitcoin or even the bitstamp bitcoin was not on the orderbook , it was just held on the exchange users wallets.
yes this is a problem , it's also a problem that is mostly solved by holding bitcoin in a wallet only you control not an exchange , Yes it can be hacked, just like your account on the a decentralized exchange can be hacked but far far less unlikely than say a single point of failure exchange that owns all the keys 
but this doesnt solve the original and current problem, getting into digital assets with USD in a decentralized manner 
yes this method allows from transference of digital assets after you have used a centralized method to initially enter the market but again this doesn't actually remove the risk as it doesn't totally eradicate the need for a centralized exchange to begin with
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:25:39
Every single company on the face of the earth has a few bad customer experiences , and the ones that are most annoyed are likely to be the ones that are likely to be heard the most.
Most top sites are trusted , especially if you intent to withdraw into your own personal wallet straight after purchase , coinbase even offers insurance on their held funds. 
@_date: 2015-03-04 08:20:01
There is another auction site that i know in planned in the near future with an exchange being the secure escrow providers but no address as of yet
@_date: 2015-03-31 11:55:40
It's just like any other crypto , supply and demand , if the demand for factoids and the use of factoids increases the price per factoid will increase . 
It might be possible to make money with just an investment with no programming knowledge but that totally depends on supply and demand and if it is a very in demand coin that serves enough function to be bought regularly
@_date: 2015-03-04 05:46:19
 
@_date: 2015-03-17 00:41:22
This isn't someone actually intending to buy monero , it's their advertising campaign "passively talk about monero in r/bitcoin hope people see monero and buy it" 
it's just an attempt at weak ass advertising 
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:04:35
Just 1 question . 
Why are you asking for money and then asking for investors to provide details of "what they can bring to the table" 
Surely the money you are asking for and apparently need is the benefit they are bringing
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:25:30
They accept paypal and BTC , wouldn't it be possible to set up your own email, set it to 1btc , and then use your paypal to send yourself an email. withdraw as btc?
@_date: 2015-02-25 06:44:38
"Selling this one of a kind art piece"
"We have 2 available"
comedy gold
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:53:35
Society welcomes all new "technology" and innovation with suspicion to begin with , Just like every new technology or innovation is usually used to fraud people of money to begin with. 
Cars - People hated them , slower than horses and making huge disturbing noises . Used as get away rides for committing robberies 
Electricity - Required tons of work to completely rewire(or rather completely wire) your home, only a technology for the rich , and was feared to burn everyone's house down. Used by "medical" experts as a cure for everything! they believed it cured thousands of different things, not becuse it did but because people didn't have a clue and it was easy to part people and their money with it. 
Even when paper was first used you had very staunch resistance from people who used slate to write things down on , like in a school setting , They claimed this would lead to horrible things, losing the skill to being able to scratch shit onto a bit of slate. 
Society has in built mechanisms to be *wary and reluctant to accepting without understanding . If we did do this as a collective society as it functions now wouldn't exist , it would be constantly changing and not work the way it should (being less beneficial) 
Change can be good , but change can also lead to very bad things also , a collapse of society . So really it is a self defense mechanism in-built for the survival of society as a whole.
@_date: 2015-02-20 02:45:41
You should of kept the title the same as where you copied this from, it's better worded than yours 
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:12:26
This guy is trying to claim that bitcoin isn't fungible because coinbase choose's who to deal with based on their previous transactions 
Sort of like how if i had stolen from a store and they no longer let me into that store and refused to serve me, this doesn't mean my dollars i hold in my pocket are not fungible. 
It's just some fucking retard who doesn't actually understand what fungible means
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:25:17
So you meant vitality instead of viability ? maybe say that next time . 
Anymore ideas you wish to support and oppose at the same time?
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:19:16
Made me lol . $1 @_date: 2015-02-02 20:31:14
good idea, much more control and optimization. Allows the ability to keep the same email as well. $2 @_date: 2015-02-01 23:14:21
how is giving you money going to help?
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:08:19
Many different ways people do it 
You could play the spread as such - bitcoinbuilder and take long and short positions if you believe you can read the market and come off better for it and earn while you do it. 
You could use nubits , this is a peercoin invention and is usually pegged in value to 1 dollar , controlled by huge buy walls . just looking at it now so not 100% sure on the reliability of that one, then again, it might be an ideal chance to buy in since it's almost 8 cents below the standard. 
BitUSD would work 
There are also many exchanges that offer fiat trading, you could just as likely hold in USD on your account until you feel its becoming slowly more stable or may even rise
depends mainly on why and what do you want to do, simply protect your $? make money on the side?  
@_date: 2015-02-05 06:58:42
 usually a few % more than market value but you have quite a few choices on the site, cash, bank deposit or other things. 
$3 @_date: 2015-02-01 17:55:09
The article this was based off never used the words "concrete evidence" as far as i know, weird how that certainty was added.
Either bitcoin is anonymous and is a problem for abuse by terrorists and black markets
or it's actually easy to track the PUBLIC ledger........
 
We already know it is not anonymous , steps can be taken to provide anonymity of course. just like with any other currency in note form.
Also with everyone recently complaining at the instability and volatility of bitcoin, we have actually done them a favor , they are financially worse off now with the constantly declining rate of bitcoin.   /sarcasm 
 
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:52:30
There is plenty of ways to short bitcoin, and safe for that matter.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:58:25
My apologies i didn't correct my first post. i thought you would simply switch those 2 coins around as i placed them in the wrong order . 
NXT was 28 btc , then shortly after reached a value of 80 million dollars , 1/28th of 80 million dollars is over 2 million dollars.......you could of invested 1 btc into 2000 different currencies and still be a millionaire.............. on NXT alone
Lets not ignore such classic rise's as 
Xcoin - 4000% + 
Dogecoin - 1000%+ 
qora - 10,000% +
NEM - 20,000% about not 100% certain on this one
Litecoin 2400% 
darkcoin 2500%
Quark 
almost Any top 20 currencies has been almost 10-20 times lower than current value in the beginning . 
@_date: 2015-02-02 22:38:18
I did the same as you , tried to find out, and google searched to no avail . 
which further proves this isn't an "elite club gathering"
I like mastercoin and what it is now starting to do what it should of been doing for the last 12 months, but right now its worthless compared to what it once was, and yet 2-3 people going are part of that coin/protocol with under 2 million dollar market cap....yes.... it's definitely the "elite" that we are seeing here, oh noes!! 
@_date: 2015-02-01 18:25:16
I think you just invented anti- Islamist currency lol 
@_date: 2015-02-23 03:14:58
Yes each address within the wallet has it's own private key, sorry for the delay in reply. 
It is possible to remove all funds from a single address, then import the specific address in the clam software (i think thats how they do it) 
So the address doesn't have any bitcoin/doge/litecoin , you claim your clams , transfer them to say an exchange , then either remove the address from your wallet or make a mental note to never use it again. 
If the software is clean and fine, then there shouldn't be a problem reusing and no one will know other than you, but to be safe its just a better option to just use another wallet address afterwards
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:02:52
$2 @_date: 2015-02-19 17:31:58
I have not gotten rich but have been able to live off of solely trading crypto currency for the last 2 years.(more than the average annual wage in the UK) 
There has been shakeouts throughout the last year + each time the price dropped people who were buying purely for speculation have been selling at more and more loss, the lower the goes the more people's wills are tested, some people are still holding on yes, but some people have sold out and sold out quite a while ago , at a loss. 
Even now with bitcoin at it's low price, some alt coins have risen over 1000% in the last few weeks.
If you had invested 1 btc into every single possible IPO that has shown up in the crypto space you would be a millionaire, including the fact that around 7 out of 10 of them have been scams .
@_date: 2015-02-01 23:05:34
the most expensive advertisement slot of the whole year ? nah
@_date: 2015-02-19 22:59:07
Which isn't a point i made, He claimed it is going down in value. I said i have been making a living for the last 2 years quite easily . The viability of the asset was never in question . 
For that matter, price has very little to do with actual viability. Viability is actually on the rise, the price has dropped , but it is more viable that ever before, there is more infrastructure and uses for bitcoin more now than there ever has been. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:07:14
It's about a trading card game built into the blockchain allowing for digital ownership of cards
They stated in a previous trading card game they created people were not following their TOS and some rare cards were being sold off for $1000. There is a market for it. even when forbidden . 
so now they are creating a trading card game that gives people complete ownership tied to the blockchain for their cards , that can be traded with each other
I think it's a pretty cool idea 
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:46:55
"When I read this, I see the following:
I robbed ~$100,000 from other Bitcoiners who were attempting to rob me. The remaining Bitcoin bagHODLers now have $100,000 less to divide amongst themselves."
That's overly emotional subjective thinking for you, never actually reading what is there , just putting in the words you choose .
Sapience 
@_date: 2015-02-01 16:52:06
How did you come by that magic number? 
roughly 19,000 coins stolen , even at $300 per bitcoin thats 5.7 million
@_date: 2015-02-23 00:22:01
You don't really give up your private keys , but its advised not to really reuse the address as it is possible that t is compromised
Clams basically seeded their coins into Litecoin , Dogecoin and Bitcoin . i think it was in may* 2014, so any address in any of those 3 coins blockchains that had a + balance in them would get some CLAMS 
The only way to get the coins attached to that address is to use software that allows you to get the clams out of the address (like how you cant get litecoins out of a bitcoin address or vice versa )
It is ill advised to use your private key for an address on 3rd party software , but you can withdraw all coins from said address , then claim the clams from the address and never use that address again .
 that would be a way to claim the CLAMS on the address and not risk any loss from the address you have given up
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:18:17
75 million dollars of expendable income helps
@_date: 2015-02-17 10:03:58
Arguments against increasing: 
"Increasing the limit will destroy the market for transaction fees, without fees mining is unsustainable and the network's security evaporates"
Arguments for increasing:
"In the short run, the block reward is sufficient, in the long run more transactions will mean more fees"
Make your mind up , which one is it? more fee's or less
@_date: 2015-02-01 19:15:56
True, where they got their numbers from might be slightly bias, it might be a specific period of time lol which is just weird . 
@_date: 2015-02-03 00:53:06
can someone send me the github link of "the fed" please. wanna see if it checks out :P
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:04:00
It was created then lent out at a certain % interest rate 
@_date: 2015-02-19 14:40:51
lol, corrected.
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:42:21
A 1 btc investment into NXT yielded 50 million NXT at IPO
At todays current valuation that is over $563,760 (NXT has benn valued previously 8 times higher than this) $4 million at its peak . 
That is a single IPO 
@_date: 2015-02-28 10:13:49
Why can you not dispute it? 
one of the main reasons people rarely deal in bitcoin to paypal transactions is because of the extremely high rate of disputes and people getting their money back and keeping the bitcoin