@_author: cryptodude212
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:22:26
Bitcoin claims to be a social movement that will emancipate individuals from the tyranny of governments and banks by taking its production out of their hands. However, the production of money by banks and governments is not seen by academics as the primary issue with society that social movements generally target.
Habermas suggests that new social movements (NSM) aim to resist the colonization of the lifeworld by the capitalist system- Does it seem like capitalism is expanding or contracting as a result of Bitcoin???
Feature 1 of NSMs are finding a means to a new politics "Which entails problems of quality of life, equality, individual self-realisation, participation, and human rights"
- of these Bitcoin only directly addresses individual self-realisation by being able to manage your own money and pretty much do what you like with it without constraints. All the other factors are not directly addressed.
Feature 2- creating autonomous space for expression away from state AND THE MARKET.
- We all know Bitcoin offers space away from the state, but since Bitcoin came into your life do you think you have expressed yourself separately from "the market"? In other words, if you end up spending more time speaking or thinking about finances and the decisions you must make then can you really say you have found autonomous space from the market? I don't think so.
Feature 3- NSMs are said to disproportionately contain "the new middle classes, the younger generation, and those groups with higher formal education"
- Now, while Bitcoin users are anonymous it is very difficult to accurately assess usership. What we can see are the people with public profiles. The VAST majority of these, from what I have seen, are educated, already wealthy, white men, which I would suggest actually gives Bitcoin the image of a conservative movement to keep things the same rather than to provide change by having a variety of people with a wider variety of ideas.
Feature 4- NSMs no longer use institutions and instead take up network structures.
-I believe Bitcoin does this clearly through reddit, twitter, youtube etc.
If you look at the Occupy Wall st movement you will see that it fulfilled all of the features that Habermas required. THAT was a movement that offered a public face of protest against wall st by physically placing themselves in uncomfortable places where their views could not be ignored any longer. Any lay person seeing Occupy would know exactly what it was just by glancing at it. Bitcoin on the other hand comes on the news and the only thing they talk about is the price!
Bitcoin more of the form of a decentralised corporation in which everyone buys shares that go up and down in value.
It fails as money because it ignores all of the social aspect of money and reduces them down to computer code.
Decision making in Bitcoin is also done only by miners which are slowly getting centralised into mining pools, which are mainly owned by extremely rich individuals. This hardly seems democratic, and sort of undermines the decentralisation principle that Bitcoin is said to operate under. 
I believe this information should merely get us to adjust our expectations of this phenomenon. Bitcoin will not offer a different society. In fact it will exaggerate our current one. However, what it can do is make individuals who have the necessary knowledge and skills very rich. This is an investment opportunity. That is all. Thoughts?
@_date: 2018-03-16 18:07:06
"everyone can benefit" "can" being the operative word. Not 'Will'. 
Essentially becoming successful from Bitcoin takes skills, money, access to tech etc. Not to mention all the people who lose lots of money...