@_author: cryptokc
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:55:58
Ahh yes. After reading Gavin's comment something was tickled in the back of my brain that made me think I had learned this before.
I suppose it is not surprising that there is already a framework in place to deal with this.
Thank you for the link!
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:43:39
Interesting, thank you for the link.
@_date: 2015-05-30 12:18:59
I think the issue is that people are concerned about blockchain/UTXO bloat causing nodes using consumer hardware to be unable to continue to keep the UTXO set in memory.
It is not an argument I support, I only mention it because I have read people talking about it.
[Here is a thread from a few days ago where the issue is brought up](
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:11:19
So perhaps the solution then is to check for access to /dev/urandom and if it is denied then halt and not proceed with address generation? Or is it the underlying android system that will reply to a call to /dev/urandom with a result from SecureRandom if there is an issue with the former and there is no way for the program to know if it is getting a good random number or not?
I would think best practice when generating things like Bitcoin addresses is to fail-safe!
@_date: 2015-05-31 11:36:48


I was looking into the consensus issue the other day and here is what I found out:
[Gavin's proposal]( is:
    Current rules if no consensus as measured by block.nVersion supermajority.
    Supermajority defined as: 800 of last 1000 blocks have block.nVersion == 4
    Once supermajority attained, block.nVersion &lt; 4 blocks rejected.
So it looks like 80% of the network has to switch (at least statistically, with 800/1000 previous blocks needing to be found by miners with the newest version) before the new block size limits would kick in.
I am skeptical that a chain representing 20% of the total hashing power would be able to override one so much bigger.
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:54:06
I had considered that option - definitely a possibility but at the end of the day a miner could do that regardless of whether we thought we knew ahead of time which way they would go. 
Hopefully miners will be self-interested enough not to try and sabotage Bitcoin since if someone wanted to use this method to try and harm the network, I think they would need to invest a significant sum into mining equipment so that their "voice" is louder than someone with less than a thousandth of a percent of the total network hashrate. So putting that money in and then using it to devalue Bitcoin would obviously devalue their own holdings (not that there aren't entities that wouldn't pay very good money to destroy Bitcoin!)
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:25:58
In case anyone is interested, you can see it in the Bitcoin code - [it is the first constant that is defined](
    /** Default for -blockmaxsize and -blockminsize, which control the range of sizes the mining code will create **/
    static const unsigned int DEFAULT_BLOCK_MAX_SIZE = 750000;
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:30:30


Kudos to her for diving in head first so she can learn more about Bitcoin. It is people like her that help bring Bitcoin towards a more mainstream audience. (Most people would probably avoid something they do not know much/anything about until *after* they learned about it / felt more comfortable)
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:41:09
For future reference I think you should be able to rebroadcast the transaction.
As long as your transaction is not included in a block, it is not final. If you reissued another transaction using the same inputs but put a higher fee, there is a good chance a miner would take the second transaction first (since they are not processed in any sort of temporal priority but at the whim of the particular miner and I believe most miners try to put the highest paying transactions).
Your particular wallet might complain about it (or without coincontrol not even easily allow it) but I believe rebroadcasting the same tx with a higher fee would technically work. Once that transaction was included in a block, the first one you issued would be a double spend and invalid and thus would be discarded/ignored by the network.
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:27:31
This looks like a major improvement to brain wallets!
Hopefully it will catch on so that the classic "brainwallet" is something new or inexperienced users will never stumble upon. 
My concern is that to someone who does not understand anything about the underlying workings of the system is  a brain wallet can seem like a great idea when it is really extremely insecure.
One of the larger problems is that, unlike websites and services with centralized authentication, Bitcoin both allows for brute force attacks and attacks where you target every user instead of a specific one.
Ex: If I wanted to find the password to someone's reddit account I could run a dictionary attack against it but would likely be blocked out by reddit quite quickly with very few tries. I would also have to try that password against one specific account each time. 
With Bitcoin you could write a script to sit there and hammer away at every possible combination of words and there is no way to stop that attack from happening since it could take place on an air gapped computer. Additionally you do not have to target a specific address, you just generate keys for every word, check to see if there is a balance and then sweep it. All you have to do is guess a password and you will instantly know if anyone has used that password before!
In fact I would be surprised if several people didn't have scripts running that had been doing this for a long time!
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:10:53
Thank you for the link - makes it much easier than sifting through the entire codebase!
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:00:08
Thank you for the work you have put into assembling this information. It makes it easier for many of us to follow along  with what is going on.
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:18:17
You are right it is not all about the miners - there is a balance to be had. I mention miners because they are the ones doing the "heavy lifting" on the blockchain and will be the front-line to implement any new changes.
If a schism were to occur, statistically the technically valid blockchain would end up being the one with the majority of the mining power behind it. If all the exchanges went to the less popular side / shorter chain, they would be under constant threat of a 51% attack until such time as miners defected and switched to their side enough that their chain became the majority. 
Conversely the miners can all band together and make a chain as long as they want but if nobody is interested in using it because exchanges are on a different chain, it could very easily collapse in short order. 
Hopefully there will be strong consensus reached long before the split so that none of these destabilizing events transpire!
@_date: 2015-05-27 12:01:32
Ahh I see Gavin [has a proposal](
    Current rules if no consensus as measured by block.nVersion supermajority.
    Supermajority defined as: 800 of last 1000 blocks have block.nVersion == 4
    Once supermajority attained, block.nVersion &lt; 4 blocks rejected.
So clients will append a version to the block and then 800 of the last 1000 blocks need to represent the newer client version or the condition does not trigger.
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:20:05
If you haven't already seen it, Gavin Andresen did some testing on 20MB blocks himself earlier in the year and [posted the results on his blog](
I am unsure as to why people want to test on the main chain and not the testnet though. I thought that was the purpose of having the testnet! Perhaps there are one or more valid reasons to use the production chain instead of testing but I do not recall seeing anyone mention it yet.
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:34:32


My understanding of the concern is that it isn't the 99% of good actors we have to be concerned with but the 1% of bad actors that would abuse anything they could to hurt the network.
I think the concern about block size is that it might allow a DDOS attack on the blockchain. In that case keeping a low soft limit would not help since the malicious actor would just override it and use the hard limit. 
Not that I am against 20 meg blocks, just that I don't think that a higher hard limit with a lower soft limit offers the protection people who are against the increase are concerned about.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:22:12
Ahh yes you are correct, my mistake.
Surely though, knowing that some implementations are broken, there must be a way software can perform a check or test to determine whether the device it is being used on suffers from this issue or not so it can at least alert the user to the potential problems if nothing else.
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:34:13


If this is the case, that the software bugs will result in one known address being generated repeatedly, perhaps one step that could be taken is for Android software to run a check to see if that address is generated when using securerandom. If so, that would reveal that it is broken and that the software should take some sort of action to safeguard an unsuspecting user.
Not the most elegant solution but it could potentially save many people from unknowingly sending their bitcoins to what is essentially a public address and events such as that strike me as having the ability to seriously damage the reputation, spread and adoption of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:59:00
I want to make sure I understand the problem correctly (again, it is not an argument I have advanced).
Would there not be two ways of conducting this attack?
1. Invest $$$ in mining hardware, send a ton of spam transactions with no fees and have your miner set to process them for free (which, as you noted would only fill the number of blocks based on the relative % of that mining gear to the network)
2. Invest $$$ in bitcoins and then pay to send a ton of transactions that fill up blocks (which other miners will include over other transactions if the fee is high enough).
Both attacks might seem unlikely in that they would cost a significant amount of money in order to weaken and devalue what was purchased but perhaps there are bad actors with deep enough pockets who see Bitcoin as a threat and would spend millions (or more) to crash it. 
(For example, a nefarious government or perhaps a large credit card processor... anyone who stands to lose big in some way when Bitcoin becomes a huge success)
Is that accurate or am I way off base?
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:30:32
Taken by itself, one piece of data such as "this number of transactions did not cause a problem" might seem trivial or useless but the more testing that is done, the more data that is gathered and all of these little things taken together can provide a better picture.
Plus these tests could reveal a weakness or problem in the Bitcoin software that has previously not been considered and allow it to be fixed before it becomes a real world problem. Simply because a test did not reveal any problems does not mean it was not worth conducting!
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:50:15
That is a good point. 
I have to wonder though if you do not represent a minority of Bitcoin holders in that you seem much more well-informed on the workings of Bitcoin and what is going on. I would guess that there are a significant number of people who hold Bitcoin (or are are somehow involved with using it) who don't know anything about blocksize let alone that there is a debate going on about it.
That said, it wouldn't take much for a couple of news articles to spread quickly and bring people up to speed so a precipitous drop in interest/adoption given a significant change in the ecosystem would not be totally unexpected.
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:24:39
In case anyone is interested, you can see it in the Bitcoin code - [it is the first constant that is defined](
    /** Default for -blockmaxsize and -blockminsize, which control the range of sizes the mining code will create **/
    static const unsigned int DEFAULT_BLOCK_MAX_SIZE = 750000;