@_author: cryptocoinsolutions
@_date: 2015-06-07 22:58:13
WHAAAAAaaa ! Downvote the BADMAN ! You kids disgust me.
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:55:34
You've got to have some humor in politics, or ... it will kill you.
@_date: 2015-06-08 00:43:27
This thread has a 64% upvote, I think my point is proven.
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:16:12
What do I know, I'm just an old guy who gets downvoted by young, brilliant, politically activated experts.
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:54:55
I have a lot of experience dealing with the young bitcoiners on this site and others concerning politics. Don't underestimate one of the very few proven professionals in bitcoin and politics.
@_date: 2015-06-08 18:49:46
So pay attention to what I've done, and stop drawing attention to what I say. You sound thin skinned as if you have no business being in politics, young man.
@_date: 2015-06-05 14:34:19
The most damaging effect of all of this is that Xapo was not forthcoming with the information that they were being pursued legally at a level that endangers the entire company and that's just willful fraud; there's no other way to repackage that and the investors will have grounds to sue Xapo and probably would be able to pierce the corporate veil and sue the principals of Xapo itself, sue them personally. And Wences has money, lots of money, so it's worth it to try and pierce the veil and get at his money and assets.
Xapo is in a very, very bad way and Larry Summers and the other bigwigs from the banks and the "Old World", they are going to be mad as SHIT about not being informed of these things.
I really think this is the end of Xapo. In the current climate that regards bitcoin startups this is a blow they cannot recover from and it will be a slow and difficult death for Xapo.
@_date: 2015-06-07 22:16:49
You will learn that bitcoiners in general hate politics and will do anything in their power to insure that vested corporate interests in the bitcoin space and VC interests in the bitcoin space use lobbyists to effect a regulatory environment that is conducive to bitcoin and their investments in the space, RATHER ... than elect actual candidates to office that support bitcoin. You don't want to think this is true, but it is, and I know where you are and I have empathy for that.
The bitcoin space is NOT about participating in the elective process, it's about hiring lobbyists and playing the game DIRTIER than "they" do, thus, it's kind of insane. Bitcoiners have a long, long, LONG way to go to learn how to engage politically, it's the weakest link in the bitcoin community, yet it is certainly the most powerful tool to potentially use to benefit all of our community. And you will learn this whether you want to ... or not.
In the 2014 election cycle, of the 30 candidates running for office from  candidates running for mayorial positions, to State house and congressional positions, to candidates running for the US Congress and governor's of States in the United States, 7 of those candidates that were actually on the ballot by the time the elections rolled around were my clients, the clients of bitpolitic.com.
I consulted with an additional 4 of those clients, one of whom won their race, an important race and bitcoiners generally snubbed that winner and I had to BEG some in the bitcoin community to even reach out to that candidate at any level at all.
You will learn.
@_date: 2014-10-13 21:32:11
John Collins was the principal campaign lead on the campaign team to re-elect Senator Tom Carper, a democrat who is the chairman of the senate's "Department of Homeland Security" committee.
A person like John Collins commands a great deal of money when they move into the private sector after succeeding in the industry of campaign finance and political campaign management, especially at the levels that John Collins now presents. John Collins is not an inexpensive employee or consultant, on the contrary, he is one of the most expensive lobbyists and consultants one could possibly hire.
The monies that coinbase is spending in Washington D.C. will and are quickly amounting to many, many millions of dollars.
But coinbase has not endorsed, nor made public any support for candidates, (bitcoin candidates), who will win their elections, candidates that use bitcoin, that champion bitcoin, that have integrated bitcoin into their campaigns.
Of what advantage is it to coinbase to engage with Department of Homeland Security operatives, at the highest levels, and to ignore those candidates running for office, like Greg Abbott, the next governor of Texas, and Marilinda Garcia, who will win her election for US House of Representatives to represent her district in New Hampshire?
When we study candidates for Congress like Lucas Overby, who is polling at a competitive levels in his race for the US House of Representatives ... with that funding coinbase affords in the millions of collars to incumbent political structures, and to lobby incumbent political structures ... would not Lucas Overby with those millions of dollars certainly win a seat in the US House of Representatives?
But Lucas Overby has less than $3,000 in total donated to his campaign, and Lucas polls at 31%+ against his single opponent, the GOP incumbent. If coinbase principals, like Fred, donated as much to Lucas Overby as they have donated, (personally), to other political candidates they have supported in the past and in this midterm elections cycle, would not a "bitcoin  candidate" then serve the bitcoin ecosystem in Congress more effectively than an engagement of coinbase with lead actors in the political structure who are oathed to Department of Homeland Security?
Coinbase pours millions of their VC dollars into the Washington elite, status quo political machinery, but gives no support to the real political champions of bitcoin, we should think about the motivations of coinbase. Is the cognitive dissonance here a good thing, can you feel it? Should you be mad as hell, or just sit on the bottom of the cage and wait for the next electrical shock?
If legislation that regulates bitcoin is passed and coinbase survives and prospers while their competition at any level withers, will that be the answer we wait for, helplessly?
@_date: 2014-11-23 08:17:40
Having provided bitcoin campaign donations strategy implementations to over 20% of the political candidates running for office in this recent midterm elections cycle through my startup BitPolitic, and having consulted with another 10% of those candidates, having attempted to promote those candidates for office here on reddit as those candidates supported and championed bitcoin, I consider myself to be an expert on troll downvoters who revel in their claims to be politically disengaged, disdainful of politics ... but take every opportunity to engage negatively while voicing their expertise in "anarchy" and "revolution" ...
And now observing the bitcoin community nearly completely ignore the most powerful political ally that bitcoin currently has available, the new governor of Texas, Greg Abbott ... I would say in my opinion, the bitcoin community is a political fail to a great degree, aiming carefully at their own feet and shooting holes in them with great glee.
And to watch VC monies and bitcoin special interests monies court DHS insiders, SEC insiders and Washington incumbents and insiders, really, bitcoin is a political circus in many ways, and its sad.
The most intelligent and the wealthiest among us are literally, politically clueless and politically impotent.
Idealists and absolutists abound in the bitcoin community, exactly what the political powers currently in charge desire, a divided, fractious bitcoin body politic at each others throats ... all the while espousing an elitist political agenda of disengagement.
So many smart, clever people in bitcoin who are unable to compete in the political arena effectively against those who are clearly their intellectual inferiors who maintain power, it's sad. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:21:45
The LAGOP leadership in consultation with their bitcoin development and strategist, BitPolitic.com, is certainly exploring the opportunity to use bitcoin as money, to hold it, and purchase things using bitcoin instead of bitcoin converted to money.
The first step that the LAGOP has taken in this direction is that their bitcoin developers and the BitPolitic service they use, BitPolitic is paid and remunerated for their work on behalf of LAGOP, we are paid in BITCOIN.
So the LAGOP is already using bitcoin to purchase the services of BitPolitic which did their bitcoin donations form and supports the LAGOP in all matters bitcoin.
So those first steps have already been taken. Indeed, the LAGOP pays its bitcoin consultants, in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:59:27
Political contributions of some hundreds of dollars worth of bitcoin for a candidate with a total of $3,000 in donations matter a great deal.
And even when faced with an article by Bitcoin Foundation itself that they hired a very expensive lobbyist firm, you proceed to minimize that. Is it possible you simply oppose the election of bitcoin supporting candidates to office? Really Milly, the evidence is right there and you dance the "cray cray" gurl, whut up wit' dat? ROFL!
Your need to oppose political candidates, to nearly insult them and belittle their efforts to champion bitcoin and support bitcoin while you toot the horn of professional lobbyist groups in Washington D.C., (and at the same time insist there are no lobbyists being paid) ... really outs you Milly girl.
You are shortest grain of rice in the bag, of that we are certain, but you yell at the top of your lungs, "eat me".
@_date: 2014-11-01 10:44:54
Perhaps, but it is beyond certainty that the wealthiest bitcoiners, and wealthy bitcoiners and venture capitalists involved in the bitcoin space regularly donate large amounts of money to political candidates and PAC, often to both sides of the political equation. Not all of them do, but a lot of them do, that's a part of the game of wealth and bitcoin can have a profound effect on that game, more and more in each election cycle, if you play your bitcoins the right way.
@_date: 2014-12-31 23:03:55
Yup, paper coin, they keep the private keys. And you pay them for the pleasure.
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:34:30
Patrick Byrne has stated, has pledged, that a percentage of the profits derived from sales of Overstock products paid for with bitcoin will go to fund the Chamber of Digital Commerce. What might be a better question as you have alluded to would be if Patrick Byrne is fully aware of what Mellon represents, or worse, if Byrne while pledging funds to CDC is NOT ... aware of this.
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:23:40
He's under a gag order by some government entity, or, some mob perhaps, or, somebody who might have enough power to do him considerable harm. Gag order.
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:30:24
And Jim Harper himself is a professional lobbyist, 
Again, I might indeed be a wing nut, but a little girl in second grade called me names ... in later years telling me that she actually had crush on me and was trying to get my attention, are you that little girl?
@_date: 2014-10-09 04:25:45
There are elements in government that collude with the banks in laundering trillions of dollars every year, they see their hegemony over money laundering, by their friends in banking THREATENED, that's their concern.
@_date: 2014-08-31 17:38:34
You will make me into what YOU need me to be, and you aren't very good at that, you need practice on creating strawmen and burning them down, and I'm here for you.
My "little select list" is a a complete list of all candidates who are running for office, on the ballot, or still have a chance of being on the ballot. Again, this is extremely complex stuff, it's not easy, but it is easy to make strawmen and light them afire, and that's the first step, and you are taking it, and you are learning, so at least we can respect you for that.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:10:59
Randall Lord,  , he's got stacks of ASIC bitcoin ANT miners, you can see a picture of him standing in front of his "family" bitcoin mining operation on his website so I don't think he'll be trying to destroy his own business and the financing of his campaign using the bitcoin he's mined.
B.J. Guillot, he's a bitcoin miner as well, he was a panel speaker at "Bitcoin In The Beltway", the conference that Jason and Elizabeth organized in Washington D.C.. And a third one of these candidates, running for Governor of Florida, he has mined bitcoin as well, he owns a small Information Technology consultancy.
A few more of these candidates have mined coin, and trade, sell, buy coin, do business in coin.
@_date: 2014-10-26 15:41:49
The greatest tyranny that could possibly be put upon the people of the United States, the taking of their monies by the government for no reason, on decree of a ruling class who is supposed to serve the people, a class that employs force, the force of threat of a beating, the force of the threat of incredibly painful electrocution, the force of threat, ultimately, of murder or caging you for many years. The police already do it regularly using "civil forfeiture" creating "civil court of debtor prison" where in taking monies through civil forfeiture the victim then has no money to hire council to sue, to retrieve the money, it's theft, it is true, pure tyranny. And if you fight back they will murder you, or beat you or jail you so horribly you will never recover.
But it's sad because almost everybody does not want to take any action at all, until they fall victim to tyranny, and then they have no resource with which to fight tyranny only looking to others to fight for them, or with them. And then occupy, they tried, and they got the SHIT beat out of them, just like some bad movie, some bad distopian movie, but it is our reality.
And we white people, we see the tyranny ... but forget the incredibly horrible tyranny we put the black people through and more recently that we want to admit.
Are we all sunshine patriots? Are we all children of tyranny, is that the human condition?
Many of us have ancestors who died horrible deaths to fight against these types of tyranny and those same ancestors inflicted horrible death on others to keep them from doing what they decried was tyranny.
We can talk about the original revolution of the colonies in 1776 and the continuing warring against the British queen and monarch and empire of Britain, and there are many other examples, and it will happen again. There are only two choices that mankind to date has ever embraced, revolution or tyranny, horror or horror, the human condition.
The internet might be recorded in history as the place that people went to beg their masters not to impose a tyranny too great, to beseech and complain and redress while their masters drank champagne, snorted good coke and dined on filet mignon and caviar, and enjoyed a life of depraved indifference funding and supporting wars, defrauding and lobbying incumbent politicians to make the rules to set a special class, all of this is happening, and we just bitch about it on the internet, and that is fascinating.
Before the internet we had great, epic, awesome writers, scholars who wrote about tyranny and were jailed, beaten, tortured and murdered, terrorized, and we've made them famous, we study them in college literature classes, in philosophy classes, and now we do the same on the internet.
All these awesome, great, epic minds just bitching and moaning and groaning and reporting on the tyranny, LOOK they say, read my article, it's all about the tyranny we are facing, check it out, my article on the tyranny that is trampling our rights got published, read this, watch this YouTube, join this site, donate here ... to fight tyranny. All the while tyranny creeps closer and closer to being YOUR reality, in a very horrible way, and so it goes.
@_date: 2014-12-06 04:58:31
At the 3:27 mark in the interview, the show's anchor says that when Peter Theil "tried to do this 15 years ago", (tried to do bitcoin 15 years ago), both the anchor and Draper do not understand bitcoin technology well enough to approach this attempt at comparison. If they did understand the core bitcoin protocol well enough they would instantly understand that what Peter Theil tried to do was NOT a distributed ledger, peer to peer, decentralized, consensus algorithmic unit of account that was trust-less transfer of value or an accounting of value. What PayPal is, and what it tried to do is so far removed from what bitcoin is ... that Theil's pipe smoke 15 years ago is in no capacity comparable to bitcoin, so the entire portion of the interview that is promulgated on a comparison of Theil's attempts to "do bitcoin" and what bitcoin really is are totally, and completely invalid to the point of nausea.
American media is so concerned with pissing on something that they simply walk around in shoes soaked and sloshing, and they are gleeful and happy with that result.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:07:51
You see well the advantage that we bitcoiners have when any political candidate, or any political committee takes bitcoin, it is vastly superior to cash, or the opportunity for HUGE amounts of cash in briefcases to be delivered on Island retreats to political candidates. And if campaigns and candidates convert their bitcoin to cash, then we still have that blockchain record of that transaction for ALL TIME ETERNAL.
You understand these first steps, bravo.
@_date: 2014-10-12 07:16:29
1000% doable. So often I see developers in the bitcoin ecosystem fanatic about destroying the government systems they see in place and totally replacing that with something that is vapor inside vapor at this time, and that scares the shit out of me.
To improve our methods of governance using blockchain technology is a much more rational approach, and won't require a revolution fought ... and then certainly not fought by the geeks that might want that.
History is a big cycle, and bitcoin does not change that a single bit. Being smart and clever as to how to introduce blockchain technologies into governance, into current government systems is far more important than code and development, (because the code we need to do the first steps is already available). To do this without getting thrown in jail or killed, or causing a civil war, that's really the goal. We've already got the code, now we need the diplomats and the sales skills to do it, to get it into government in small increments, and especially to get some candidates elected to office that support bitcoin.
The older I get, the more idealism not only scares me, but makes me distrust the idealists, because they NEVER pull the trigger when the war starts, it's always OTHERS that end up waging the war for their ideals, no matter if they want war or not, idealists tend to start wars, whether they fight them or not.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:44:28
And your premise that secrecy causes corruption, when the system using transparency in political representative vote reporting has only lead to MASSIVE CORRUPTION ... well, you statement is totally, completely and absolutely flawed and illogical. Corruption on a MASSIVE scale exists, and transparency is the current solution in practice ... so your statement that transparency is good and will lead to a more fair system, is idealist, it's really a break from reality, it's a form of psychosis, a break from reality.
It might be more fair on your part to say, that evidence suggest that neither transparency nor secrecy promotes fairness and less corruption. Although I don't believe that, again, we are faced with ABSOLUTISMS and IDEALISMS, both of which are horribly flawed systems for human beings.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:36:29
Wendy AIN'T doin' NOTHIN' for bitcoin, YO ...
@_date: 2014-11-18 22:56:14
Yes, stamped with a size 13 hob nailed boot, and then stamped again, and again, and again ...
@_date: 2014-10-03 00:56:37
The person who mistakes knowledge and experience for ego, and then projects that on some other person, has not defined their own ego, nor embraced their own ignorance.
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:16:17
Good comments and insights, you understand how all of this can potentially enter into the next phase of the creation of a body politic that is based more and more on the use of bitcoin, a BitPolitic.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:47:54
Many of the candidates who support bitcoin and take bitcoin campaign donations are running on platforms to abolish cannabis prohibition, Adrian Wyllie for Governor of Florida is a good example, as is Lucas Overby.
@_date: 2014-10-03 18:33:37
What's your plan?
@_date: 2014-08-10 01:47:19
You make article about men then, I retweet you. You do work.
@_date: 2014-12-06 05:01:54
He's probably one of the worst speakers that attempts to speak about bitcoin in the entire ecosystem when we consider the amount of potential influence he might have over the development community.
At the 3:27 mark in the interview, the show's anchor says that when Peter Theil "tried to do this 15 years ago", (tried to do bitcoin 15 years ago), both the anchor and Draper do not understand bitcoin technology well enough to approach this attempt at comparison. If they did understand the core bitcoin protocol well enough they would instantly understand that what Peter Theil tried to do was NOT a distributed ledger, peer to peer, decentralized, consensus algorithmic unit of account that was trust-less transfer of value or an accounting of value. What PayPal is, and what it tried to do is so far removed from what bitcoin is ... that Theil's pipe smoke 15 years ago is in no capacity comparable to bitcoin, so the entire portion of the interview that is promulgated on a comparison of Theil's attempts to "do bitcoin" and what bitcoin really is are totally, and completely invalid to the point of nausea.
This really shows how either Draper does not want to step on Peter's toes, or he truly, truly just doesn't care to understand the bitcoin protocol at a level that might scratch his rose colored glasses.
@_date: 2014-09-16 11:45:41
Call them on the phone, look at the form on the website, it clearly says "This form is secure. All fields below are required. Click here to view this form on 
Email the webmaster of the LAGOP, email the owners of BitPolitic.com. Do your research or if you wish, I'll do the research for you and provide you with a forensics report and I'll charge you the going rate, $100 an hour, that's fair, right?
You can see the form lives on the bitpolitic.com server, but you don't see this, because you want somebody else to prove it to you, but nobody can prove nothin' to you, except you. And everybody knows that, and you know that, so do the work, call them, ask them.
That you cannot formulate the steps necessary to prove or disprove this leaves you in a position where you are ineffective in seeking a solution when you rely on others, and that is politics. Your political decisions are YOUR responsibility, nobody else is responsible for what proof you need, you are responsible for that, and to lay that at another person's feet, is lame.
Exercise your political needs yourself, be responsible for that yourself, don't rely on others.
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:20:46
From founding member of the Department of Homeland Security’s Data Privacy and Integrity Advisory Committee ... to Director of Bitcoin Foundation, only in America, (P.T. Barnum)
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:43:47
While you seem unclear and unsure saying "I believe Perianne may have also registered some sort of PAC a few months ago"
I have researched the issue using the FEC database and other resources and I understand the functions and limitations of PAC quite well, you do not. Ignorance is bliss and idealism is the preferred drug of choice.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:29:40
Justin, you should run for Congress in your district, you would get a lot of bitcoin donations. What you would NOT get is an endorsement or donations from the largest players in the game, because having you in office would be an impediment to the machinations of crony politics and revolving door regulatory capture.
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:19:47
Yes, you are totally missing it because you want your government to be good and ethical. They made this law so they could take your money whenever they wish, that's the truth. They take money from people whenever they wish and they jail people for that, they jail them AND they take their money whenever they wish, that's the law they have in place and the police ... they get a CUT of the money, PLUS the police get to take your liberties and freedoms. It's called "tyranny", it's real.
It creeps up on you, hits you in the head, hard, puts you in a cage and takes all your money and all your wealth, that's called "tyranny" and it is now.
You government LOVES you ... right?
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:22:34
It's all about Raleigh, North Carolina, Cryptolina, good regulatory climate for bitcoin startups being planned for Raleigh, and then there is Austin, keepin' in weird.
We might focus on where we can do well, instead of spending energies pandering, lobbying, and ... supporting already viable candidates for US House and Governor's positions, like Abbot in Texas and Wyllie in Florida who support bitcoin, hell, Wyllie mines bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-24 10:20:19
@_date: 2014-10-31 06:28:32
If Andreas Antonopoulos or Satoshi Nakamoto ran for public office, many of you effacing great disdain for politicians in general, all of you would donate to them using bitcoin. They would be your heroic political figures and you would activate, because you know about them and have already elevated them to heroic status.
If Perianne Boring ran for US Congress, many of you would donate to her, for different reasons as well.
Everybody has a political agenda and the worst and least effective political agenda is to oppose or be disengaged.
To support those running for office that champion bitcoin is more effective. But it is hard work, and it is a risk. It's much easier to disengage and profess a political agenda of apathy.
One either engages politically, or those that do engage politically pick the leaders, and that's what pisses most people off, that politics is not "easy", thus, very little mass adoption.
Bitcoin is not easy, thus little mass adoption. Bitcoin and politics are both hard work and the winner, works hard to win in either sector.
As for the article linked to this reddit sub, neither Greg Abbot nor Andrew Hemingway were included and they are among the largest recipients of bitcoin donations.
The article says "Nobody" wants to donate to politicians with bitcoin, but the majority of the article is about politicians who received donations in bitcoin, so we can plainly see the article was written for those with the greatest interest in seeing that "nobody" wants to donate bitcoin to political campaigns ... 
There are two sides to every bitcoin, but sometimes only one side shines, the other side only reflects the ignorance of those who want only to see, what only they want to see.
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:58:18
I'll have to take issue with you on the anonymity of bitcoin with regards to political contributions or donations being anonymous.
CASH is the primary tool used to make anonymous donations to political campaigns, and for that there is absolutely, completely no defense. If an entity wishes to corrupt the elective process by using cash illegally, then it will be done and there is little to nothing that can be done about that.
Bitcoin and blockchain technologies, of course you are aware, can be traced with an increasingly higher statistical probability that some information about that transaction can be obtained. With cash donations there is absolutely, completely no ability to track cash, or illegal donations.
So bitcoin and blockchain technologies in the political donations sphere represent the first potentially less corruptible means of financing campaigns that we have seen.
Sure, credit card donations can be traced, but they are centrally controlled by the very power brokers bitcoin then makes less powerful.
So when we compare potentially illegal cash donations to political entities to bitcoin donations, we see that bitcoin is so vastly superior it is not worth discussing to compare cash donations that are illegal, to bitcoin donations which might potentially be illegal.
Cash donations are TOTALLY untraceable, so bitcoin donations are infinitely better, as cash donations are at a statistical level of ZERO with respect to their legality when used illegally.
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:19:10
"Hope" is a psychotic state of mind.
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:55:22
Monies from bitcoin foundation go to pay a very well placed lobbying firm in Washington D.C., and the offices of bitcoin foundation are in Washington D.C..
Lawyers run bitcoin foundation. I mean, if you understand what lobbyists in Washington D.C. do on behalf of their clients and if you'll research the lobbyists and the lobbying firm they employ I think you'll have a better idea of where bitcoin foundation thinks their money should be going.
People don't hire lobbying firms unless they want to affect laws that are being made on behalf of those ... that fund and support them.
1+1=2 sort of thing going on here ... or ... crazy conspiracy theory nonsense ... everybody has choice in what they wish to believe.
And no, I won't do the research and get the links for you. Generally speaking I've found that people in the bitcoin community will only believe what they research themselves so I encourage you to research this yourself.
@_date: 2014-10-13 22:13:22
Interesting that three weeks before the U.S. midterm elections, Bitcoin Foundation wants to take the stage on reddit. And even more interesting, the most politically charged member of their organization, this "GLOBAL POLICY" advocate, a globalist, will be their lead hitter.
Has Bitcoin Foundation endorsed any candidate running for office that champions bitcoin, that has bitcoin technology integrated into the canaidate's website, that mines bitcoin?
Bitcoin Foundation is funding and supporting special interests in Washington D.C., they don't WANT political candidates elected that will champion bitcoin in the halls of government, because that would damage the potential control and influence their membership could maintain in Washington playing the lobbyists and special interests games.
Not one, single peep by principals at Bitcoin Foundation about real political alternatives, instead, just the same, tired, crony political game where millions of dollars from the bitcoin ecosystem are being thrown into the corrupted chasm of political filth we know Washington D.C. represents.
We are dogs sitting in the cage waiting joyously for the next electrical shock.
What does Jim Harper know about the "bitcoin candidates", has he engaged with them?
@_date: 2014-12-05 09:04:38
There are two methods that we who support and use bitcoin can influence the political landscape to benefit bitcoin and blockchain technologies, to protect them from political operators, (and capitalist operators), who wish to control bitcoin and blockchain technologies for their, and their friend's benefit.
The first method is where extremely wealthy investors and individuals in the bitcoin space hire people like Perianne Boring to setup groups that lobby and become intimate with seated, incumbent politicians. Patrick Byrne essentially is funding Perianne Boring and her Digital Chamber of Commerce. Bitcoin Foundation hired a lobbyist and Bitcoin Foundation's offices are actually in Washington D.C., not too far from the White House.
Large venture capitalist firms, like Andreessen/Horowitz, pantera and others, they already employ very expensive lobbyists who seek influence with politicians, (off the books so to speak), through networking and connections made in Washington D.C., as they offer politicians what they want from the industry, i.e., some measure of power and control over the bitcoin industry or whatever industry the investors represented by these VC firms "lobby for".
So, this first method uses the craft of "influence" in Washington D.C. to bargain with "policy makers", (which is a lobbyist term for seated, elected officials), and to bargain with them so that the people who pay these lobbyists will get regulations put in place which benefit their business models, their investors, etc ...
This first method is kind of unethical and immoral and is the basis for much speculation that there is a great deal of corruption and criminal activity, bribery, etc ... in Washington D.C. among those who "lobby" elected officials. Books, television series, major news articles, substantial federal and state level criminal trials and non-fiction masterpieces chronicle the criminal collusion between seated, elected officials and the gigantic money of venture capitalists and industry "insiders", the influence they exercise on seated, elected officials outside of legal and ethical boundaries ... but that's how things are done in Washington D.C.. What do these "seated, elected officials" get in return from the Perianne Boring's and the lobbyists? 
What do politicians want from big money? You can answer this question yourself, they want many, many things, mostly, power and control.
The second method is, (would best be), to take all these tens of millions of dollars that are pouring into Washington D.C. to fund these "educational initiatives" and Jerry Brito and Ben styled unregistered and registered lobbyist efforts in Washington D.C. and put that money to work actually supporting candidates running for office that support bitcoin, those candidates that are taking the true risks associated with bitcoin by using bitcoin, by taking bitcoin as a donation for their campaigns, etc ..., these candidates who bring the awareness of bitcoin to the masses their constituents represent.
Do we bitcoiners want the special interests of big, private money influencing law and regulation by currying "special favor" with our elected officials, or would it be more effective to have actual members of the US Congress in place elected through the will of bitcoiners to represent all of our interests in Washington D.C.?
Remember, these giant venture capitalist firms and their investors have had lobbyists and employ lobbying firms in Washington D.C. regularly, its a part of the business plan, long, long before bitcoin, now these assets in Washington D.C. will be exercised on behalf of the venture capitalists and investors interests in the bitcoin space, not for me and you and the average bitcoin supporter but for the wealthiest and most powerful among our bitcoin community. That's the truth, deny it and life sucks, accept it and you might be able to actually do something about it, but deny it and you are a slave to the wealth interests, just like the same as it ever was.
This second method, to get representation in the halls of government that supports bitcoin, rather than special interests groups making deals with seated incumbents, deals that benefit the people who pay for these Washington "bitcoin insiders" to carry on their "missions" ... this second method is NOT favored by almost all of the extremely wealthy people in the bitcoin community and the bitcoin VC community because seated politicians who KNOW about and understand bitcoin, also understand the "under the table" missions of the bitcoin Washington D.C. lobbyists, and the lobbyists working for wealthy bitcoin individuals and groups, they DO NOT want to see politicians who understand and support bitcoin elected to office ... because those politicians would then interfere with the plans and the missions of wealthy interests making deals with "policy makers" in Washington D.C..
Seeing good people elected to office to support and champion bitcoin is anti-thetical to the lobbyist mentality. The lobbyists want power and want leadership and decision making power, they don't want politicians interfering in those plans who can provide leadership and decision making power.
For reference, you can see the list of politicians that ran for political office in 2014, this past and recent midterm elections cycle, those politicians which openly supported and championed bitcoin within their campaigns for office here:
Of note, the new governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, is a big, big bitcoin supporter and he received little to no support from bitcoiners at the level of which I have spoken, big venture capitalists and investors in the bitcoin space. Although Governor Abbott will exercise immeasurable power over bitcoin regulatory law in Texas, the wealthy bitcoiners and VC in the space fear this type of person. Greg Abbott has his own plans for Texas and Texas as it concerns bitcoin. Greg Abbott was the Attorney General of Texas for the past 12 years and his facility with law as it respects business regulation is so much more developed than any other lawyer in the bitcoin space we could easily suggest that Greg Abbott is one of the most knowledgabe and "practiced" attorneys in the regulatory space. Private attorneys working for big bitcoin money do not like Greg Abbott as Abbott seeks to serve the people, whereas the bitcoin attorneys in the space work to serve their "special interests", for that is how they butter their bread.
With specific reference to your allusion, or analogy ... to how hard, (how much money was spent by), how hard communications companies lobby and influence politics, it's important to identify who these telecommunications lobbyists analogs are in the bitcoin industry space at this time. Who are the bitcoin industry lobbyists working to influence and curry "special favor" with seated, elected officials in Washington D.C., (our elected officials).
When you start to identify who the elements are in the bitcoin ecosystem that are spending huge sums of money to lobby elected officials in Washington D.C., you can quickly see that the average bitcoiner has no voice in Washington D.C. when compared to the tens of millions of dollars that VC and wealthy bitcoin interests are pouring into the influence process in Washington D.C..
We are now seeing the majority of monies available to "influence" Washington D.C. on behalf of those VC and their clients and bitcoin companies having effect in Washington D.C., and they will as a natural course make deals with the credit card companies to ensure a regulatory environment which MAINTAINS the flow of money into their boards, that pays their salaries and expenses. And if they did not do this, and did not accomplish this, they would be fired by their VC companies that employ them and the investors that expect them to do this.
Either we as bitcoiners become politically engaged and support and rally for candidates to be elected to office to represent our interests, or bitcoin lobbyists WILL write the bitcoin regulations and make deals with the banks, the credit card companies and the politicians to suit the needs of their Venture Capitalist funding and their business investments ... not "bitcoiners".
Either we succeed in getting elected officials in office that support and champion bitcoin, or much like the bankers in the early 1900's who wrote the banking laws, (federal reserve act), and those same bankers who lobbied and influenced our elected officials to pass those laws from which we now suffer greatly, the same thing will happen with respect to bitcoin. Bitcoin is math, lobbyists and incumbent elected officials are people. Bitcoin will not change people, bitcoin gives people who want fairness and an egalitarian society to proceed, it gives us the OPPORTUNITY to do things right, but in doing nothing, it will all happen again just as it did before, because that is the system in place and big bitcoin money is certainly exercising that system and ignoring the electoral and representative process to a great extent, and unfortunately, the small bitcoiner and the average bitcoiner follow the money as well, into the pit of political corruption. That is the human condition and bitcoin ONLY gives us an opportunity to EXERCISE that can change that condition for the better.
@_date: 2014-09-28 17:46:00
You already know this but you could experience substantial savings by upgrading your operations to an abacus, maybe two, and learn to use your feet ...
Thoroughly enjoy your writings and computations and the perspectives you give all of us, and your humor as well.
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:07:33
Regulation is the FRUIT of political deception. The end game of politics is REGULATION.
We are not engaging politically, we are engaging with an enemy that can regulate us, and doesn't give a flying FUCK about you.
The only solution is for grassroots to get candidates elected so they can KILL themselves fighting the game of politics, so that, regulation can be fought.
Without representation in the halls of government, you are fucked.
@_date: 2014-09-18 15:44:38
I am not responsible for what you do not, or choose not to understand. Why are you entitled?
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:47:35
That you would suggest that some "deserve" to have bitcoin, and others do not deserve to have bitcoin is indicative of the types of controls and damaging desires of others, to control the use of bitcoin by others. Your desire to limit the use of bitcoin to those you might deem "deserving" is just another form of extremely dangerous tyranny. And that you do not, or do not want to understand that you have no control over who uses bitcoin, and who does not belies the fact that you might not understand bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:05:09
The digital chamber is launching a PAC, a political action committee, which will solicit donations in bitcoin, so that THEY can then decide which "idiots" to bribe with YOUR bitcoin. You didn't think this out very well did you?
Wouldn't it be better for YOU, to decide which idiot you want to bribe with bitcoin, rather than centralizing your bitcoin keys into the hands of the "Chamber", or by donating to the party you might most support the most.
If you want others to exercise your political speech for you, then perhaps you have enjoyed shooting yourself in the toe.
What level of expertise in politics do you see the chamber having such that you would encourage others to give their bitcoin private keys to the "Chamber" who are engaging with incumbent politicians, and perhaps you might even consider this list of candidates that are accepting bitcoin donations and actually many have a stated support for bitcoin ... some even MINE bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-13 04:53:53
Montana's, (your), commissioner of political practices, Jonathan Motl, has already had conversations, (correspondence), with a Montana political candidate, Eric Fulton, about taking bitcoin campaign donations, you can find Mr. Motl's response to the Fulton campaign here:
And indeed, Mr. Fulton did have a bitcoin campaign donations page on his campaign website and continues to maintain that page here:
Eric Fulton, the candidate, we can see a bit about here:
Eric lost the primary and is not on the ballot, however you appear, certainly, to be on the ballot: 
As there are currently no candidates for office in Montana accepting bitcoin campaign donations, (that are on the ballot), and you also appear to be favored to retain your seat and win your incumbency, (as we observe your previous election win was substantially in your favor), you have an opportunity to accept bitcoin campaign donations and then actually win your race.
You would then be the first politician from Montana to win an election, and the first incumbent, (in Montana and potentially in the U.S.), to win their election, while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy.
There has been to date no incumbent candidate seeking re-election to office that has won their race for re-election while accepting bitcoin donations.
Only two candidates, bitcoin candidates, stand to be the first incumbent candidates ever to win an election while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy, and those candidates are Jared Polis and California Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom. Both Jared and Gavin are favored to win re-election and will do so while using bitcoin in their campaign.
So you can be among the first incumbent candidates that win re-election while taking bitcoin as a donation, (in the U.S.), and you can be the first candidate running for office in Montana to win election, (to an office of some significance as well), as well as being the first incumbent, (in Montana), to win re-election, while using bitcoin.
You would then be recognized in your State legislature as being both a bitcoin political expert and a bitcoin expert of a degree that no other member of the Montana legislature might then claim. And you could then be a credible bitcoin evangelist in your State at political levels that would be very effective.
All that remains is getting you setup with a bitcoin campaign donations form that complies with Montana campaign finance regulatory laws. My company, BitPolitic.com, specializes in doing just that.
But perhaps of most significance to date, there is only one politician, (incumbent or challenger), who has won their race while accepting bitcoin donations, that was Mark Warden in 2012 winning a seat in the New Hampshire State House of Representatives. Mark will not be running for re-election. To be among the "bitcoin candidates" that win their elections in this 2014 midterm cycle will be of considerable significance in the early history of bitcoin, and politics. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:19:30
And when government starts to arrest more and more bitcoin developers, will they then code for bitcoin from jail cells?
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:58:19
I'm looking at Representative Josh Cutler's website at,  and I do not see an option to donate in bitcoin. 
The option to donate in dollars is available.
This is of great interest to me as when some politician, (or supporter of that politician), lays claim to any "first" in bitcoin and politics. This is of particular concern to me as I am the founder of BitPolitic.com .
Searching google with search term: "Josh Cutler" bitcoin
I do see a webpage returned in google that is within Representative Cutler's domain, that page appears to be a bitcoin campaign donations form but it does not require that any information be entered into the form in order to submit the form and then make a donation using the BitPay merchant processing service. (There is no client side or server side form checking code to prevent or discourage  anonymous, foreign or corporate donations, no "good faith" form checking code, etc ...)
I have been tracking and carefully watching this page in Representative Cutler's domain since it appeared on the internet, especially as he won his election.
As well, the form does not supply the opportunity for a potential donor to submit the legally required elections and campaign regulatory donor information in Massachusetts along with any donation made in bitcoin, it only asks for the email of a potential donor:






Perhaps you might, as a representative of the bitcoin community who appears to be very politically engaged and active in politics, perhaps you might call Representative Cutler or send him an email explaining to him that his presentation of a bitcoin campaign donations form which is not legally compliant does not look good for the bitcoin community and for you as his supporter, his openly public supporter, while you run for an elected board position in the bitcoin foundation.
If you donated to his campaign using bitcoin, if you found that page in google search and donated, then you would have made an illegal donation.
I would certainly understand any position on your part, or Representative Cutler's part that disagrees with the common policy among States and the federal government that donors to political campaigns must identify themselves according to the laws of that State or the FEC requirements, however, Representative Cutler does require legal compliance and identification for a contribution in dollars, but not for a bitcoin contribution. So perhaps you donated to his campaign in dollars, in that event you would have had to meet the legal requirements for the donation as they piryx.com donations page form checking is rigid and substantial.
I wish he would have been responsive to BitPolitic's offer of consultancy for his campaign's implementation of its bitcoin campaign donations strategy, it's a shame he was unable to properly implement his bitcoin campaign donations strategy. During this past and recent midterm elections cycle perhaps it would have been of benefit to Representative Cutler for you to suggest to his campaign that he seek expertise in the bitcoin campaign finance sector to assist his campaign and use your notoriety and influence in the bitcoin community to secure the best bitcoin campaign finance firm to assist his campaign in its efforts to be a "bitcoin and politics first" in Massachusetts. 
Technically, he might be the first politician in Massachusetts to accept donations in bitcoin, but its clear that the page and the form never made it live on Representative Cutler's website and languishes in some stage of development that might best be arrested.
But Bruce, by all means, if you have the opportunity to support a political candidate who is considering bitcoin campaign donations in the 2016 election cycle, please have them call those with demonstrated expertise at BitPolitic.com, we would be happy to assist candidates and campaigns with the integration of bitcoin technology into their political campaign finance ecosystem.
And thanks so much for being consistent in your political messaging and your engagement with and your support for candidates running for political office, thanks for using your voice for Liberty in the political sphere as it concerns bitcoin. May the sunshine.
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:14:40
The potential savings over credit card transactions with the BitPay 0% processing fee, and unlimited daily transaction volume displays significant savings over what is sometimes a perilous use of credit cards to gather donations. Bitcoin has no chargebacks, and then does not put a campaign's or a committees access to those funds at risk to account freezes and government lockdowns on the account, etc .
There are many advantages for political organizations and candidates to accept bitcoin donations, and those advantages then extend into the spending of bitcoin as money, rather than converting the bitcoin to fiat monies, and first steps have been taken to introduce this major political body, the LAGOP, to bitcoin, and that first step was taken BY BITCOINERS, not by the actors of the LAGOP, they are looking to BitPolitic for consultancy and constant support in this endeavor.
@_date: 2014-10-13 23:44:12
Bitcoin Foundation makes public reports of their revenue and tax status, it's all here. 
But more importantly the membership of Bitcoin Foundation controls and influences a great deal of capital, and venture capital, and bitcoin, and we know that the major players in bitcoin are hiring lobbyists and setting up shop in Washington D.C. under the guise of "educational resources" targeting incumbent power in Washington D.C..
They ain't buyin' lollipops and lemonade in Washington D.C..
@_date: 2014-09-23 17:04:43
I've followed this closely from the very beginning. I saw smart people, insightful people predict this and be SHOT down at bitcointalk.org and on other forums, I saw them spit on by the bitcoin community. And then we saw more and more people talking about how BFL was a scam, and I saw the bitcon community, notable people attack those people and stand up for BFL. And then the tides turned, the attackers became quiet, and those that predicted this, they learned something, something very, very important about bitcoin, that there are a bunch of idiots, and assholes, in every walk of life, and the same is true of the bitcoin ecosystem.
We learn MUCH more about our bitcoin community and ecosystem through this, are we ready for bitcoin? Are we worthy of bitcoin? Are we so fucking stupid that Mark and his buddies could steal all that bitcoin, that BFL could scam the SHIT out of so many of you?
Are we so stupid that we could be fleeced by the scams? Do we deserve this new bitcoin technology?
How many more "reputable" champions of bitcoin have been built up by the young, impressionable bitcoin community? How many of the current "bitcoin heroes", are just SCAMMERS waiting for the adoring flocks of bitcoin blinded fools to be ... taken?
The time for adoration, to be "great" and "epic", is OVER. We the bitcoin community have proven that we are just as stupid, just as gullible as any other young, investment group.
Do we deserve bitcoin? Can we handle it. Or will we just all be suckers, over, and over, and over again?
Don't blame it on BFL, you have ONLY yourself to blame, and all that flame you spit out at the people who saw BFL for what it was, all that flame you spit out at them, was your stupidity, your fanatical desire to live some fantasy that everybody in the bitcoin ecosystem was some wonderful thing.
Don't forget those people that called this scam EARLY and took fire from the community, those are smart people, those are resourceful, intelligent, insightful people, and they were treated very poorly by the bitcoin fanatics. That's how we drive good people OUT of the bitcoin ecosystem.
What does the rest of the financial world think about us, all they see is bitcoin scam, after bitcoin scam, after bitocoin scam.
Why do these scammers get away with it for so long? WHO IS RESPONSIBLE for all this bullshit. LOOK IN THE MIRROR.
This community needs to GROW the FUCK up, fast, or the government is going to say, and is saying, bitcoin is BAD, it hurts people, and they are going lower the boom, and the general population will support them in doing so.
We must stop fucking it up.
@_date: 2014-06-15 21:06:31
Much like the "Browser War", where one's browser wants to be the "default" browser, so do bitcoin wallets want to be your default wallet for the purposes of handling, or listening to some click of a URI enabled object on a webpage. This is a sticky time in user interface development as the different wallets, and payment processors attempt to get a piece of that action.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:25:38
At 1:14:40 Andreas answers the question posed, "How would a government be able to exercise its fiscal power?" Andreas says, "The citizens of that government would exercise direct control over the currency ..." 
Parliamentarians, as they might kindly be called, those that are elected to govern, and ostensibly serve, are infected by power, they become irrational in the belief that they must exercise some measure of control, great or small, over ALL THINGS, and when they find something they do not regulate or control, it is then their duty to regulate and control that thing, in at least some measure. Principally, above and beyond all desires of government officials ... is to exercise their regulatory power over money. 
To say to those in seats of government, to almost all of the incumbents in government that their control over money would be exercised by each citizen, is to them, a type of insanity, because it removes from them all power, except that exerted by direct, violent force, and then by individuals as government would not have sufficient power over money to procure armies to exercise against the people, and this for many, for most currently in power in governments, this truly terrifies them.
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:27:58
To put this to rest, MillyBitcoin, searching in google with the terms:
Bitcoin Foundation Lobbyist
We can see this article which appears on the Bitcoin Foundation website itself, heralding the HIRING of a lobbyist firm, a very, very expensive firm based in Washington D.C..
We also know the physical address of the Bitcoin Foundation is in Washington D.C..
Milly, Milly, Milly, you practice "... I don't think ... and ... I don't really know" as if you are a professional, kudos.
@_date: 2014-12-03 02:17:35
Steve Stockman was the first seated, incumbent member of the US House of Representatives to accept donations in bitcoin, (details later).
He can be seen pictured in the NY Bitcoin Center holding up a QR code printed large on a 12x12 piece of posterboard. He later incorporated a bitcoin donations page/form on his US Senate campaign website which met or exceeded US federal campaign elections finance laws and regulations.
In Texas he is known as one of the most eccentric members of Congress ever to represent a district from Texas, he is to say the least a Congressman that fights the "establishment" tooth and nail and has done so for his entire career both in and out of politics. Stockman's district is known for its independent thought and action and upholding of the "Spirit of Texas".
Although it might be arguable, Stockman is the first politician that ran for the US Senate, (while seated as an incumbent member of the US House of Representatives), and did so while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 04:04:53
* 546	the
* 384	of
* 357	and
* 239	or
* 214	to
* 183	a
* **167	licensee**
* 121	shall
* 117	in
* 86	by
* 84	for
* **82	superintendent**
* 77	each
* 76	any
* **71	currency**
* 68	as
* 66	such
* 66	be
* **63	virtual**
* 60	s
* **59	financial**
* 58	that
* 57	with
* 50	section
* 50	part
* 48	this
* **45	business**
* 45	an
* **43	services**
* 43	all
* 40	may
* 40	its
* 39	law
* 39	including
* 38	other
* 36	is
* 31	on
* 31	customer
* 31	applicable
* 30	information
* 29	security
* 29	principal
* 29	at
* 29	applicant
* 29	activity
* 27	application
* 26	under
* 26	cyber
* 25	person
* 24	authority
* 23	systems
* 23	new
* 23	from
* 23	compliance
* 22	regulations
* 22	not
* 22	anti
* 21	york
* 21	transaction
* 21	statutory
* 21	sections
* 21	required
* 21	records
* 21	program
* 21	money
* 21	department
* 20	state
* 20	maintain
* 20	laundering
* 20	change
* 19	transactions
* 19	rules
* 19	b
* 18	license
* 18	laws
* 18	customers
* 18	are
* 17	procedures
* 17	policies
* 17	means
* 17	days
* Downloaded BitLicense PDF. Saved as .txt file. Ran python word counting script locally. No charge. (Pat Jack)
@_date: 2014-06-17 09:47:39
Persons who are not US citizens can certainly encourage those they know who are US citizens to donate to some political campaign. A foreign person may not give a US citizen anything of value for an in kind contribution, or give a US citizen any monies to donate to a US campaign. No person may give any US citizen monies or things of value to donate to a political campaign. All donations must originate with the citizen.
@_date: 2014-11-05 19:01:51
Just imagine how their lobbyists in Washington DC, Jim Harper, and others lobbying on behalf of Bitcoin Foundation ... just imagine what they might have said to regulators and policy makers and law makers about alt coins and litecoin.
@_date: 2014-11-07 00:23:38
We allow these things to happen, we are to blame.
@_date: 2014-10-09 02:48:07
Most of them have twitter accounts, he could send them bitcoin using  as a matter of fact, you, I, anybody can send a seated elected official bitcoin using ... twitter and  and I make a practice of doing just that.
@_date: 2014-08-19 02:15:22
Jim has some updates and some upgrades being applied to his website. The author of the article is working with Jim and his campaign and we look forward to having Jim included in the article. We had hoped that our disclaimer in the article, that if anybody knew of somebody we did not include, to put that in a comment at the end of the article, we were hoping that anybody that saw that somebody was not included would like to offer us that information so we could include that candidate. And we have every intention of giving fair coverage to every candidate.
This is all so new and experimental. So often we see that the major news media, major online publications they tend to cover only one, two, or maybe just three bitcoin candidates and tend to dote on one or two favorites. We didn't want to do that type of article, we want to include everybody.
That we missed one, and are working with that campaign, I think we've avoided a "Black This Out" scenario. I think this article is by far the most fair of any article on Bitcoin Candidates to date, by including all of them, except one who is doing upgrades on his site.
@_date: 2014-06-17 09:49:31
It is my understanding that all of the BTC at first will be directly converted to USD, instantly as it is donated. To explore the potential for a US political campaign to retain bitcoin that is donated and even use it to purchase things for the campaign is certainly of great interest to the bitcoin community. At this time, converting all donations directly to USD is the safest decision any campaign might make.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:54:30
Ex Post Facto law, expressly  forbidden by the Constitution of The United States of America but very, very rarely, (and never recently), argued in a criminal court of law.
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:29:15
MOAR? ! ! !
@_date: 2014-08-24 20:37:12
Think of bitcoin as a virus, a virus that attacks the ills of society, our political ills, the ills brought on by the State. If you protect bitcoin from the State, if you shield in some way the State from accessing bitcoin, then you prolong the agony. Injecting bitcoin directly into the State, taking the weapon, raising it high and striking sure and fast, and then again, and again, and again ... infecting the host of the State with the virus, now. This is the the battle won.
The ultimate test of bitcoin is to survive the strongest onslaught the State can mount, so why wait until the State grows more clever, why wait until the State hatches more and more plans, and prepares at a level which forestalls the inevitable and causes grief for some?
The more politicians that accept campaign donations in bitcoin, the more infected the top echelons of the State hierarchy becomes. What more beautiful way to infect the State than by appealing to their avarice? The avarice, the greedy claw, grabbing and scooping, blinded by the shiny coins.
The crow sees the shiny coin on the street, he swoops down but his beak is such that he cannot easily grasp the coin, so he stays in the street wrestling with it, his greed for it growing, but "the coin" resists the crow and it cries, it screeches it screams ... and then the car rushes over it, and it's over.
@_date: 2014-10-13 23:39:36
That they have not done anything transparent, or to promote transparency should be the concern, not hope. Hope is bullshit.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:55:54
Engaging with the status quo political powers is deeply flawed. Electing candidates to office that support bitcoin, that have used bitcoin, that have integrated bitcoin technology into the campaign's for office, that champion bitcoin, that take the personal and political risk of using bitcoin in the political campaign for office ... if we supported these people :
And used all of our energy, our bitcoin, our money to speak politically through those that support us, instead of whining and begging at the feet of the installed masters, we would get somewhere.
Yelling at the oak door slammed in your face ... is insane.
Getting candidates elected to office that support bitcoin is rational and productive, it is exciting and stimulating as well.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:26:14
Absolutely, it is so clearly the game of "Regulatory Capture", it's the old game of dirty, crony politics, just like the private bankers played in the early 1900's to get the federal reserve created through legislation.
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:29:47
It's not about "great", it's not about sounding, or being "great", it's about prudent political strategy, prudent political engagement with those that can assist bitcoin in the political sphere to the greatest extent. 
As far as making it happen, I am the bitcoin campaign donations strategist for Adrian Wyllie, and an assistant webmaster. I am the bitcoin campaign donations strategist and implementations specialist for the Lucas Overby for US House of Representatives campaign, the Cean Stevens for Alaska State House campaign, and my startup, BitPolitic.com is the bitcoin campaign donations strategist and implementations specialist for the Brannon McMorris for US Senate campaign as well. I also compiled and maintain this list of all US Candidates running for office in the US in these midterm elections who are exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy, some of who are very serious bitcoin miners, users, traders, etc ...
I understand that the vacating Steve Stockman contributed quite a bit of funding to this effort, and that considerable donations were made to Perianne to fly her around for these efforts she is carrying on, perhaps you are unaware.
I consider myself to be very knowledgeable, in practice and research, in the bitcoin political sphere, so I won't argue with you, at all, as I do not believe that is productive, but thanks for the opportunity to pitch the real heroes of the bitcoin political movement, the candidates who are running for office, taking the real risks, that support bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-12 07:04:34
I maintain a list of all of the candidates running in the US midterm elections who are on the ballot and who exercise a bitcoin campaign donations strategy.
Some of these candidates are bitcoin experts as well as being political experts you can see this list here:
One of the deepest thinkers on issues of legislation which can potentially hinder the development of cryptocurrency is Lucas Overby. Lucas recently published on this subject here:
Lucas has more than a few bitcoin experts who are involved in his campaign and he is located in Florida and has people involved in his campaign that hang with the Sean's Outpost community of bitcoiners. Lucas programmed and developed software for several years as well.
Adrian Wyllie, the Florida governor's candidate polling at 13% at this time, he has mined bitcoin and litecoin and owns a small IT firm.
B.J. Guillot, he's an information technology professional and he mines bitcoin.
Randall Lord, he runs some stacks of ASIC ANT bitcoin miners, he's literally a professional bitcoin miner, a bitcoin expert, and he took 25% of the US House race vote in the last election cycle against the same incumbent he faces in this election. Randall is a bitcoin expert and a political expert.
Greg Abbott will be the next governor of Texas, he has been the Attorney General of Texas for 12 years. He is a political expert, a legal expert and he is a bitcoin user experiencing the full cycle of bitcoin commerce as his campaign exercises a bitcoin campaign donations strategy, he did a YouTube spot promoting his campaign's use of bitcoin. Greg will champion bitcoin in Texas and the legislation that comes across his desk to damage bitcoin development and startups in Austin will not be signed by Greg, he intends to enable Austin to be a strong player in the bitcoin startup industry.
May I suggest that your outreach for discussion about legislation that will serve the bitcoin community and serve to assist in furthering the goals of the bitcoin community include those that are demonstrated bitcoin "and" political experts, the bitcoin candidates.
As well, might I suggest my company BitPolitic provide you with the setup and maintenance of your campaign's bitcoin campaign donations form. Although it is late in the midterm elections cycle with November 4th approaching soon, it would be nice to put you on the list as a bitcoin candidate.
@_date: 2014-10-12 07:10:27
Well thought out, thank you. And as we work with positive solutions, architectures, and work from models that can then be modified when problems might come up, that's good computer science. So many are so discouraged they just want to say "Dat won't werxsss !" and so they blow it up before it ever begins.
Of course the blockchain can be used for voting and do it in a manner that is far, far superior to what we have now, starting with a model and making it better is the right way to go, thanks for your thought on this. I like it.
@_date: 2014-08-22 11:23:19
Politicians DO NOT want to change the world. 80% of a political candidate's and a political campaign's time and resources are spent raising money, fundraising.
To engage politicians, to get them interested in bitcoin there is only one avenue to pursue and that is their avarice for money.
The DO NOT want to change the world, they want money. And when you go to them with ideals about changing the world they LAUGH at you, because they know it cannot be done by THEM.
What they DO KNOW is that bitcoin can be used to donate to a political campaign. What they DO NOT see is that happening now:
These candidates for public office are MAKING it happen, and are TAKING the risk, these are YOUR politicians who upon be seated in office can support and defend bitcoin.
Political candidates seeing this:
When they look at that webpage they see the 80% of the time they are tasked with while working for a political campaign, to RAISE MONEY. That's the bait, the hook, the bobber, that's the viral injection that gets them to engage with bitcoin knowledge gathering.
If only 20% of a politician's time is available for things other than campaign fundraising, how much of that 20% of the candidate's time resources do you think will be made available by the candidate to consider bitcoin, to learn about it, to think about it, to talk about it?
What if ... Jared Polis played a slideshow of all of the bitcoin campaign donations he had received to date, and played that slideshow for a group of campaign finance professionals? What do you think their level of interest in a presentation like that would be and how much of the remaining 20% of their time and resources do you think they might then allocate for a study of bitcoin?
Or more importantly, how much of the EIGHTY PERCENT of their time and resources spent campaign fundraising would they then use, and spend on examining bitcoin as a campaign donations strategy?
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:20:49
Why have you not considered helping to elect candidates, the "bitcoin candidates", to office, to the Congress, to seats as governor's of State's? Why have you made no endorsement of any of the "bitcoin candidates"?
We can search with your name at  and see you have a history of donating significant sums of money to political candidates, but you make no endorsement nor make public any donation to any candidate that accepts bitcoin, that have integrated bitcoin technology into their web presence.
Your company provides bitcoin campaign donations merchant processing, but you don't even support with any known metric these candidates, yet you are willing to pour millions of dollars into the status quo political system to play the crony politics lobbyist game.
All of the candidates running for election in this midterm elections cycle that accept bitcoin as a method of campaign finance, a historical and "EPIC" use of bitcoin, are listed here:
The millions that your company is spending on the old game of insider, revolving door crony politics, those millions could be spent endorsing the "bitcoin candidates", encouraging others to donate to them, support them, tweet them, etc ... but you ignore the real political champions taking the first risks in bitcoin and politics, and you ignore them in favor of hiring crony insiders.
The individual that you have hired that worked for a Congressman advising Department of Homeland Security, he took oaths, he has made his covenant and pact with DHS and the status quo politicians.
You donate to politicians, but you don't support the "bitcoin candidates".
When Greg Abbott becomes governor of Texas and makes a regulatory environment in Texas that helps Austin bitcoin startups, he's going to look at his database of donors, and he's going to look for your name.
Marlinda Garcia, B.J. Guillot, Lucas Overby, all of these candidates for the U.S. Congress, they need your support and your endorsement, young man.
@_date: 2014-11-01 05:41:09
Isn't this one of the ultimate goals of those who practice and develop blockchain technology, it is certainly one of mine and I have taken an entry point with my startup BitPolitic.com. The more that politicians USE bitcoin, the closer we get to some stunning breakthroughs in election technologies and government transparency efforts using blockchain technology, but first, the politicians must USE bitcoin. And those politicians that do NOT use bitcoin, must have their colleagues use bitcoin to attract them to its use. And while politicians use bitcoin, we can then use bitcoin as political speech by donating to their campaigns, even a $1 donation is effective, it is political speech to both the politician you might support and donate to, and to their colleagues.
@_date: 2014-11-08 20:09:33
Excellent idea, use what's already available and perhaps even improve it specifically for use with bitcoin ... while the "I am great" trolls slap it down. Good idea, leveraging for innovation.
@_date: 2014-10-02 04:19:08
These incumbent, sitting candidates and their campaigns will not be able to get the mail for at least 2 weeks, the mail has to go through inspection and testing for potential chemical and biological agents, Capital Police, DHS, FBI, every piece of mail that goes to a congressional campaign goes through this process. It's just before the elections, these candidates and their campaigns are swamped with mail at this time. They'll send the paper wallets back, and Backer gets his coin back, to then pull another little PR stunt. 
Sitting members of the US Congress do not like to be played with in this manner. To tease them with bitcoin will leave a sour taste in their mouths. BitPolitic would have been willing to integrate a legally compliant bitcoin campaign donations form on each of these clients campaign websites and BitPAC could have then donated their bitcoin to the candidates in the same manner as the bitcoin candidates already accepting bitcoin do.
The coin in total should have been given to those political candidates that are challengers to these incumbents, those candidates that practice bitcoin campaign donations strategies and that have taken the effort to incorporate bitcoin technology into their campaign's websites.
Of all these candidates that BitPAC has donated to using this strategy, only Polis has a bitcoin campaign donations form on his website and he refuses to take any donation that exceeds $100 in bitcoin. So it is very likely that Polis will return the paper wallet because it is a one time bitcoin donation that exceeds the limit the Polis campaign has stated it will maintain on bitcoin donations. The wallets are worth $250.
I'm sure Backer has copies of the paper wallets so he can recover the coin at some point when they throw the wallets away, or file them in some dusty corner. More than likely, they'll just send the paper wallets back with a thank you note and apology they can't accept it, that's standard procedure for campaign donations that are "in-kind" where the campaign has any question at all about the legitimacy or functionality of the donation.
While I hope I'm wrong in some ways, it's stinks of an effort to court political favor where a PAC interfaces too closely with a political campaign, which is against the rules.
If you donated bitcoin to BitPAC in the hopes a candidate who supported bitcoin would then get those donations, you lost your coin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:31:27
As you state, you are a member of a legislative body for Amherst; we can see you involve yourself in politics and serve as an elected politician.
Does your involvement in politics extend to support any political candidate running for office in this US midterm elections cycle? Do you support or endorse or have you donated using bitcoin to any of the "bitcoin candidates", those that accept bitcoin, those candidates that demonstrate both expertise in politics and in bitcoin? Do you support any candidate running for office, for example, some candidate from the list of all of the candidates running for office that accept, champion and demonstrate knowledge of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:48:33
FUD, master of FUD, the lower the price of bitcoin goes, the more he will purchase. It's just FUD, that's all it is, and you can see how stone faced he is with just a tiny touch of "duping delight" playing on his face. This is a master FUDster at work.
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:11:45
He's not advocating legislation to prop up bitcoin technology, he is advocating to vote AGAINST legislation which damages or interferes with the development of blockchain technology, as well as seeking funds to provide for research and development of blockchain technology to provide our elected representatives with insight into the potential prosperity they can provide.
Protecting by fighting against efforts to make laws to damage bitcoin, by voting against them and advocating against passing that type of damaging legislation is what he wishes.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:24:52
It certainly is a double edged sword. With Justin Amash working hard to deliver transparency in his voting record to his constituents by tweeting his votes and the reasons he voted the way he did, it would be difficult to convince Amash and his constituents, (libertarian leaning young GOP and conservatives), to do otherwise and secret the voting record of Amash.
A step towards a potential solution to corruption in campaign finance is to only allow individuals to make donations to candidates and ban all groups from donating to candidates. Donations should be unlimited, thus, when we see Marc Andreessen donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to Obama, we can then make our decisions and balance that individual's actions accordingly.
Huge donations to PAC and other organizations effectively cloak the power the wealthiest involved in politics exercise. If only individuals were allowed to donate to campaigns, things would be much, much more clear. The party system, much like the communist Chinese and communist Russian party systems is inherently the breeding ground for massive and total corruption.
And that's not a "change the world" solution, it's just one, small, practical step. "Change The World" and providing the ultimate solution is a historical fail, incremental steps in the WRONG direction is what has caused us to arrive at these points of incredible corruption, incremental steps in the right direction are required.
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:51:18
But only if you choose to give them your bitcoin private keys, the choice is up to you, it is your responsibility to make that decision for yourself, others are of course free to use their bitcoin as they wish. If you choose to give tin cans to a political candidate as a donation, that choice is yours. And if you choose to run for political office and you solicit donations using bitcoin, BitPolitic wishes you all of the best of luck in your race for political office to support the use of bitcoin, as that is your right in the United States.
@_date: 2014-12-31 23:02:12
Paper bitcoin markets.
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:36:24
Lawsky is required to reference those on wallstreet that are criminals with the phrase "bad actors". What Lawsky is really saying is that those on wallstreet that commit crimes, that collude within this massive criminal system, those that don't play within this criminal cartel's rules, they are then bad actors, and then they will be prosecuted.
Throughout the clip, many times, he says "bad actors", as all of them are "actors", all of them created and maintain this criminal system which functions with funding by the federal reserve, counterfeit money in unlimited supply. So he is issuing a warning to those that would step over the line and perpetrate crimes that are not within the criminal parameters of this criminal syndicate, wallstreet.
Basically, he's lazy, he does not want to take any risk, he wants the status quo to continue, he does not want anybody to rock the boat full of criminals, so don't be a "bad actor", act with everybody else, be a good little criminal and go along with the gang's rules.
Isn't this obvious to most of us?
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:01:04
Why call and petition Lawsky when you can call seated US Congressman Steve Stockman who accepts bitcoin donations and WROTE legislation to protect bitcoin, why bitch and moan at Lawsky, when that energy could be going to get Stockman elected to the US Senate, so he can protect bitcoin in the halls of the US Senate.
Why puke and cry and barf all over Lawsky, and make him a superstar, when JARED POLIS, is sitting in the US House of Representatives, working to protect bitcoin, and wondering WTF all the bitcoin idiots are doing pouring good VC Money into Washington lobbyists who are living the high life while seeking some comfort zone with the corrupt criminal banksters and their political cronies, as some might see it.
Stockman and Polis are seated members of the US House of Representatives, but bitcoiners ignore these powerful political allies, and lick and suck all over Lawsky, sit on the floor and whine and moan at the Oak Door slammed in your face, while the "bitcoin Lobby" groups are having tea and crumpets with the very same.
HARD CORE keepin' it real here, Oscar Wilde said "If you tell them the truth you better make them laugh, otherwise they are going to KILL you" ... so F'n kill me, cuz I ain't laughing.
BIG PICTURE FOLKS, follow the money.
The more severe the regulations, the easier it is for the wealthier, more powerful bitcoiners to secure their positions in the industry, regulation breeds crony capitalism and your beloved bitcoin and MY beloved bitcoin is NOT immune to this historical process.
So to HELL with Lawsky, support Jared Polis, support Steve Stockman, B.J. Guillot, Overby, Stevens, cuz what the FUCK else do your really have folks? OR ... spend your energy, your money, and your resources on bitching and whining and moaning ... at a criminal who goes to the Country Club and LAUGS about you ... keepin' it REAL.
@_date: 2014-10-14 05:19:28
They hired a very expensive, down and dirty crony insider lobbying firm in Washington D.C.. Everyone HATES the truth. Everybody wants to tell the story their way, so they can be "great", to protect the lenses of their rose colored glasses.
@_date: 2014-11-05 15:23:31
It would require the support for, and the election of candidates to office, to the US Congress, that would support this type of legislation, author this type of legislation and then vote on and whip votes for this type of legislation ... that's the first step. Politics is hard work, dreaming up solutions and then taking credit for the enabled solutions, when other people do the hard work, when others follow the steps of production in the political process is the norm. 
James brings our attention to this issue but applying the knowledge and correcting the issue is a battle made against BILLIONS of dollars of campaign finance investment in the status quo legislatures that brought these conditions into existence.
Thus we see people dreaming up the solutions that don't do the work, and those busy and busting their asses to actually implement the solutions, those implementing that thought up and realized the solutions long before the dreamers, and those that implement are made into villains by the pouting idealists and dreamers ... those people are never heard by the masses, because they are busy actually DOING and implementing the solutions.
The implementation of the corruption took decades, the solutions take decades as well.
Dream or do, that's the equation, and right now, corruption reigns supreme, totally unchecked, and that is the realization of the dreamers that wanted it the way it is ... now.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:09:19
POP QUIZ ! Name three things the government does not regulate, does not attempt to govern in any manner.
@_date: 2014-10-21 07:39:54
If I *were* wealthy with bitcoin, I would certainly spend some of that bitcoin encouraging others to evangelize ... my investment.
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:51:05
This job listing says that great "political" impact will be a result of the senior backend dev's work, and that this is a "startup".
Byrne is funding Perianne Boring and her apparent, absolute and total control over the "Chamber of Digital Commerce". Perianne is becoming and will be Patrick Byrne's political operative in D.C., and Byrne will fund her, and pay her salary and her expenses. Perianne and her "organization" based in Washington D.C. has registered with the government a PAC, a political action committee, which is purported to be a PAC that will support political candidates ... and take bitcoin as a donation and PAC finance method.
One day soon, Perianne and Byrne and others in the bitcoin industrial infrastructure will be begging you for your bitcoin, for their "political organization", not for a candidate for office, but for THEIR political agenda.
Everything that Perianne and Chamber of Digital Commerce is doing in Washington D.C. is designed to create a PAC that will represent your bitcoin interests by donating to politicians who provide Byrne, Perianne and other industry bitcoin heavyweights with some access to the legislative procedure of regulation. And this is exactly what the bankers did in the early 1900's to get the federal reserve legislation passed, it is exactly the same game, the time honored strategy of political campaign donations, for legislative and regulatory support for "special business interests".
Byrne gives a lot of money to politicians in the form of political donations, he's building a base of lobbyists in Washington to act as unregistered lobbyists with the smokescreen they are "educating" incumbent politicians and Washington crony insiders about bitcoin, and other bitcoin industry heavyweights are doing exactly the same thing, pouring money into the corrupt, political crony game.
Just because bitcoin money is going to Washington, that does not make it "good" political action for special interests, it just makes the crony political game now party financed with the work and development the bitcoin community has achieved.
Anything that Byrne might do that would have "political" impact, obviously, this goes straight to the creation of a bitcoin PAC, and money from that PAC will also go ... to hire lobbyists, the very same breed of person that Dr. Ron Paul refused to even allow in his offices.
What is needed to facilitate a bitcoin PAC? A bitcoin PAC needs a merchant processor for the bitcoin donations to the PAC, and you need a method to potentially donate to political candidates using the bitcon a PAC might collect. For all of this to work, you need a significant reporting system and tax computation system that meets legal compliance with regard to government regulated campaign finance laws. To donate to a political candidate using bitcoin, you have to send the bitcoin out of a wallet that is maintained by the PAC, and those candidates then need to either have wallets to receive the bitcoin and store the bitcoin donations, or, they have to then convert Byrne's PAC's donated bitcoin using a merchant processor, at some stage of the game.
Perhaps political candidates that receive bitcoin donations from bitcoin PAC, perhaps those candidates will buy printer paper and toner from businesses that accept bitcoin, or perhaps every single bitcoin sent to that PAC will be converted to dollars, you won't know.
Why should we bitcoin users centralize bitcoin private keys into the hands of some political entity, (privately owned and operated), especially a bitcoin PAC, that can then donate to any candidate, for any reason they deem appropriate? Why create an MTgoxPAC, to carry forward the political agenda of a select group of people operating in concert with Washington D.C. insiders, when we can donate to political candidates who accept bitcoin, some who actually mine bitcoin, when we can donate bitcoin directly to the candidates on this list that might be considered the true bitcoin political champions:
What will make Byrne and Perianne's political decisions using your bitcoin through a PAC and lobbyists in Washington, (sipping champagne and eating filet mignon with the incumbent politicians and lobbyists) ... what will make their political decisions more valid than yours when you might instead make those decisions yourself, using your bitcoin to donate directly to a political candidate who is the real risk taker, a candidate taking bitcoin as a donation and supporting bitcoin overtly?
Here are all of the political candidates taking bitcoin donations at this time, only one of which Perianne has given any meaningful support, (and then has given a lot of support, more than any other), Andrew Hemingway, but Andrew could not even win the primary in his race and get on the ballot, so we can see that Perianne's political acumen and ability to make political choices concerning bitcoin might not be very good to start with, and why should she learn with our bitcoin?
I encourage you to study this list of bitcoin candidates: 
And in the next election cycle in 2016, the US presidential election cycle, continue to make your own political decisions using your bitcoin private keys.
@_date: 2014-12-06 06:28:36
Good work, thanks for making this open source.
@_date: 2014-06-28 03:03:33
Brock retweeted you, excellent.
@_date: 2014-10-02 23:33:22
I "do" the business of politics, you talk. I walk, you talk.
Perianne has made a fatal mistake. She has on many occasions used the first person personal pronoun to refer to the ownership and creation of her Chamber of Digital Commerce. She has indicated in a very public manner that CDC is hers, that she owns it, that she created it. She goes further to say that WE have started a PAC. She has put herself in a position where WE, she and others, have opened a PAC that is associated with what she owns. She is a defacto principal in the PAC.
Entities that open PAC's take extreme measures to distance themselves in every way possible from organizations which may only SEEM to function ancillary to the PAC. You are an idealist. That is all your are. You are  dreamer dreaming about some political world where you can function within a set of rules that is specifically created to capture people just like Perianne. She "is" CDC, it's a fact it is her, and she is it. And now she says "WE" are opening a PAC, so she and everything that she is, is a part of that PAC.
You don't get it. Perianne does not make the rules, she can barely figure out how to turn the freakin' projector on, and she's now supposed to be an expert in bitcoin reading off a projector screen that she doesn't know how to turn on, LOL, bless her heart ... and she's a political expert as well.
Yeah, right. Dream on kiddo.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:20:31
Elizabeth coming into her position at BitPay has been a tremendous help getting many of these candidates signed up to process their bitcoin campaign donations using BitPay merchant processing services. She worked as a staffer for a member of the US House of Representatives so she is one of the more politically engaged and seasoned industry leads in the bitcoin ecosystem, she's been a big help.
And Rich Morgan, a BitPay developer, he's the developer of the custom solution for bitcoin campaign donations, his form on github has been a nice tool with which to work.
@_date: 2014-11-05 19:09:01
What are the total expenditures the bitcoin foundation experiences to pay for lobbying activities in Washington D.C.?
How much are you paying the firms you employ to lobby on behalf of bitcoin foundation?
How much have you paid them to date and how much do you expect to pay lobbyists over the course of fiscal year 2015?
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:41:11
DOH! :-)
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:05:44
Regulatory Capture, Revolving door, inside access, crony politics, sweetheart deals.
In the early 1900's the private bankers that wrote the regulations to give birth to the federal reserve used EXACTLY the same tactics.
Your right to be an idealist, your right to view everything through rose colored glasses, your right to play the same crony political games that every corporate oligarchical interest plays.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:56:01
Show me the code.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:55:21
Hearing bitcoin foundation supporters even admit, to any degree at all, that a lobbying firm is retained by the bitcoin foundation in Washington D.C. is a big, big breakthrough. When I have attempted to post on the fact that an expensive lobbying firm and a registered lobbyist are paid by bitcoin foundation, are retained by bitcoin foundation, and then going further to say that the activities of those lobby assets is nothing less than secret, well, I've been downvoted, called a liar, confronted for proof, made a strawman, etc ...
When I have attempted to directly query bitcoin foundation members and board members when they have AMA, I am met with absolute silence except for the aforementioned trolling.
So to hear a bitcoin foundation member and supporter even approach this subject is a big breakthrough. With that said, we see the issue of transparency in this matter, and certainly other matters is the biggest weakness of bitcoin foundation.
If it is not common knowledge within the bitcoin community that bitcoin foundation is paying an expensive lobbying firm in Washington D.C., then that says a huge amount about bitcoin foundation's transparency. The very issues that many bitcoiners demand transparency about, we find the big cover up instead. And when we examine the records of bitcoin foundation that are available, I have not to date found any indications that those expenditures for lobbying activities in Washington D.C. are noted in any manner at all.
When we make a study of and research the lobbying firm that has been retained by bitcoin foundation and we look at their activities and their client list we see a side of bitcoin foundation which is directly and completely in opposition to the political principles that most bitcoiners hold dear. And that's a nasty, nasty bucket of fish which will be thrown upon you if you are elected to the board, you'll have to deal with that and if you don't, you'll leave your board position with that legacy of a board member who advocated and supported the dirty lobbyist game in Washington D.C..
And when you might begin to understand lobbyist activities you'll then understand that the secrecy and pact your freemason friends are accused of pales in comparison to the secrecy employed by lobbyist firms. Lobbyist firms thrive on secrecy and lobbyist firms that are "transparent" and open, they are shunned by the very Washington insiders and incumbents of whom they curry favor. A lobbyist and a lobbyist firm, their entire reputation is built upon their ability to keep secret what they are doing and how they do it, that's the lobbyist game, secrecy and to a great extent, deception.
Lobbying incumbents and un-elected regulatory principals in Washington D.C. is exactly the dirty political game that bitcoiners in general absolutely hate and find disgusting, so to have spent a considerable amount of time and effort to bring this to people's attention and then be attacked and maligned for doing so has colored my perceptions of the intentions of bitcoin foundation members and supporters to a great extent.
Never forget, the primary board members that have been in positions of influence and control over bitcoin foundation are attorneys, and they made the decision to hire this really nasty, old school, lobbying firm that is deep, deep, deep inside the dirtiest side of influence peddling and the currying of favor with incumbent politicians, just research the firm and their connections and clients and the history of the principles of that firm.
People like Cody and others don't even bother to mention this sort of thing anymore as they just lump it into the body of knowledge that those that criticize bitcoin foundation fully understand and don't care to attempt to approach anymore.
When I've queried Cody and others on this matter they just shrug it off saying, "tip of the iceberg", which should make you shudder.
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:34:35
I hear your insults, I hear your inflamed emotions and that is part of what incumbents in power count on, an emotional, unbalanced, ineffective approach to political strategy by those involved in bitcoin. Rather than attacking others in the bitcoin political sphere, just listen to their ideas, and watch their efforts.
Your passionate defense of Perianne, and her attempts with her Chamber of Digital Commerce and those around her setting up a Political Action Committee really just seem like a blind type of allegiance rather than a willingness to really discuss political strategy that is most beneficial to our bitcoin ecosystem.
I hear your insults, your nearly frothing mouth, and that saddens me, as it is the divide between us that benefits only those who would seek to divide us, don't let them win.
@_date: 2014-08-31 17:08:00
Why the "secretive" tactics? Why play political games, (on the status quo's turf, within their power stuctures) ... and then function within the constructs of the status-quo system, their secretive dealings?
If they want to know about bitcoin, then they go to the internet and learn about it themselves, and if the DON'T choose to take their own initiative in learning about bitcoin, well, you've got your answer loud and clear.
Is Andrew Hemingway "secretive" and guarded about his support for bitcoin in fear the status quo will ostracize Andrew, will keep him from playing reindeer games?
Is Adrian Wyllie, or Greg Abbott, are they keeping their support for bitcoin SECRET, and only giving the CDC the benefit of the knowledge that they support bitcoin? Is the CDC a "secret broker" in Washington D.C..? Is that what we want to represent bitcoin, a secret deal maker in Washington?
Bitcoiners are smart people, they are very clever, and they can see what CDC is doing in Washington, they are lobbyists cozying up to status quo power and any attempt to deny that when you here admit you are seeking "secretive alliances", in so many words, thinking you are a clever political strategist acting on behalf of bitcoin is complex, variable, it's the same game shrouded in secret, behind closed doors that we bitcoiners want to make obsolete. Many in the bitcoin community want to have absolutely nothing to do with the status quo incumbent power structure.
Let us compare the incumbents, the status quo politicians to the candidates who are running for election while openly, BRAZENLY supporting bitcoin, who deserves our support? Are we all so unsure of our bitcoin ecosystem's political skills that we would seek only to enlist the support of the status quo system that most bitcoiners regard ... as the ENEMY?
Can we see this political dichotomy forming? The lobbying of incumbent versus supporting the bitcoin political champions? If we don't support our bitcoin political champions, won't the incumbents in office, in power, won't they think we are political noobs, neophytes, or even dumb assess?
Why beat them, the status quo, over the head with bitcoin, (while fawning and supplicating to their power structures), when there are candidates, VIABLE candidates, who with our support could be elected to the halls of Congress, to positions as Governors of States, that could exercise HUGE power, TREMENDOUS power in turning the heads of their colleagues toward learning about bitcoin ???
Or is all of that idealist prattle? Are we so powerless as bitcoiners that we must beg for recognition from the systems we deem to be oppressive? And yes, if you want to be successful in this endeavor you are going to have to create some talking points to combat this understanding within the bitcoin ecosystem about political gamesmanship, or perhaps the CDC is so blinded by the prospect of gathering political capital and power to exercise on "behalf" of the bitcoin community that they have completely lost sight of the goals of the community ??? Is that possible, has that every happened before in political movements? Could this happen to bitcoin in the political arena?
"You could have donuts if you learn about them ..." as opposed to "Sally has donuts, she's eating them, they are delicious, you don't know anything about donuts, or how Sally got her donuts, don't you want some good stuff to eat, don't you want some donuts like Sally? I hear Sally might even GIVE you some donuts to try, Sally has those donuts and she's eating them NOW, she supports donuts, you could too" ...
Why do I have to make these base, simple analogies, why is there so much resistance to donating directly to political candidates who support bitcoin, and such vehement support for political lobby and power brokering in this reddit thread?
There are people in this thread who are literally attacking the character of those who are members of our bitcoin ecosystem, proven members, that are running for office, what kind of massive, slobbering troll would do that?
Are we bitcoiners divided such that we cannot support those running for office that support bitcoin? Do we have to create a centralized political power brokering structure, and then give our bitcoin to their PAC, in order to elect the candidates that support bitcoin?
Are we exercising a political strategy which is flawed? Why such zealotry and fanaticism by some in this thread for CDC, and the total discounting of efforts to directly support political candidates who support bitcoin in a DECENTRALIZED, consensus manner, through direct campaign contributions to these candidates?
Why must we be tasked with the potential centralization and concentration of political power using bitcoin, when bitcoin itself is an individualist, a consensus, decentralized concept, a concept specifically created and employed to DECONSTRUCT the current political system, this status quo the CDC want's to skip hand in hand with along the cobblestones in Washington?
Which is more effective, having a Governor of a State or an additional member, or two, or three, or four who supports bitcoin and have exercised a financial strategy using bitcoin, done business in bitcoin ... to then step into the halls of Congress to represent for bitcoin ... or people dangling donuts in front of Congressmen?
If we do not support the candidates who we deem as bitcoiners in their runs for political office, we will be seen as neophyte political fools by the establishment.
The Congressmen on the hill, they look at our efforts and are saying "They are licking our boots and kissing our asses, SUCKING up to us, pleading with us, begging with us, they want to be a PART of our power structure ..." HA! they say, "They can't even support the candidates who are supporting bitcoin ... they are coming to US for political power, when they could elect their OWN representatives", I mean ... this is politics 101, either you lick boot and BEG for political power from incumbents, or you send a political message using your bitcoin and support a candidate who supports bitcoin.
Isn't this like so totally obvious it just seems insane we are talking at this level?
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:22:14
Your refusal to investigate these candidates, Randall Lord, he's a professional bitcoin miner running for Congress, he has a picture of himself standing in front of his racks of ANT miners on his website. 
B.J. Guillot running for Congress, he's a bitcoin miner, and you ALLEGE and cast aspersions on two members of our bitcoin community that could potentially represent our interests in the US Congress to a degree that no PAC or educational initiative that supports incumbents could ever dream of affecting? 
What is your political agenda?
You look for "fact alone", when indeed you are simply completely, and totally ignorant of the candidates who support bitcoin. You practice the tarnishing of all candidates accepting bitcoin through the assertion of possibility that many or most of them are simply in it for the money. I'm thinking "stupid as a bag of rocks", little mud-slinger.
How dare you attack proven bitcoin ecosystem members who are taking the risk while you run your mouth and defame their character through inuendo, what are you?
You would sling political mud on the ONLY candidates who MIGHT support bitcoin, why would you do something like this, why would you slander those candidates which ONLY might be considered bitcoin supporters? 
Because you choose to be ignorant of the candidates? Or do you have a political or financial agenda that must inhibit the direct donation of bitcoin to the members of our ecosystem who want to represent our interests, and their interests in the halls of government? What is your agenda? Are you educating on what candidates support bitcoin? Or are you trolling?
Adrian Wyllie, he's an IT business owner, and he mines bitcoin as a hobby, yes, but Randall Lord makes his living from bitcoin mining, he's an early adopter.
But if I have to convince YOU, who might purport to be a member of our bitcoin community, to then go and do your research and work investigating which candidates support bitcoin, while you squeal and whine and pout that they DON'T support bitcoin, (just cuz' maybez), I mean, you are spouting crazy talk, really, just crazy talk, ignorant crazy talk.
Are you associated with an organization that promotes EDUCATION in the bitcoin political sphere, yet here you are on reddit supplanting controversy and doubt into the ONLY candidates running for office that have the greatest statistical probability of being bitcoin supporters?
Whoever, or whatever you are, I think you are disorganized and uninformed politically and I hope you are willing to do some work and open up your mind and your political possibilities.
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:35:36
 this is a list of challengers of incumbents who are running for office and accepting, using, some actually mining bitcoin. This is the other side of the political bitcoin, your thoughts?
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:46:21
My client, Adrian Wyllie, running for Governor of Florida, we signed him up, bumped up to $1K per day volume processing, and he's still paying the 1% processing fee on his bitcoin campaign donations. 
ETP had told us that political campaigns would be at a 0% processing fee as they are not-for-profit organizations. We need to clarify this with BitPay even though some blanket 0% processing fee is being pitched and launched.
Will he be able to change his account such that he no longer pays a fee? Or should we expect this to happen automatically?
Cean Stevens running for Alaska State House of Representatives is soft launching her bitcoin campaign donations strategy today, here:
We setup her BitPay account as a political organization and indicated in the setup that she was a not-for-profit organization, but the first few donations coming in that I've checked, both in the Dashboard Ledger, and through the API call to retrieve the ledger JSON file, parsing that, I see the 1% fee there as well.
Cean Stevens is among the very first movers and early adopters among the "Women of Bitcoin" running for some substantial political office, and as well, she's the very first candidate in Alaska to exercise a bitcoin campaign donations strategy. She's a double bitcoin WHAMMY, watch out for her, she can swing a chainsaw, hunt bear, and bring in the BIG Moose. She's an Alaska Woman of substantial strength and bearing.
And we want her to get all of her bitcoin campaign donations, please.
Lucas Overby, he's getting assessed the 1% fee, he's at the $1K per day volume limit, he's running for US House of Representatives and we hope he'll be swinging the bitcoin pen to protect our industry in the US House of Representatives. He's not-for-profit, a political organization. He's polling at 31%+ running on the Libertarian ticket, running well.
I'm launching a second candidate, (5th client), running for US House of Representatives, Randall Lord running on a previous race where he got 25% of the vote, he's going to win this time. He MINES bitcoin with 4 of the big Ant Miners, I want him at 0% when he starts to donate his OWN bitcoin to his campaign, to fund his campaign with legally allowable unlimited personal campaign funding by using his bitcoin and donating that through the form so that it is legally compliant and reportable. Randall is running in Louisiana's 4th US Congressional District.
Lucas is polling at 31% and a lot of the crowd around him, supporting him is the Jason King, Sean's Outpost crowd and their bitcoin associates in Florida. As we continue to persuade them to donate bitcoin to the Lucas Overby campaign, I want to be able to tell them, there is a 0% processing fee, but ... I'm looking at these not-for-profit political organizations that are my clients, and I'm looking at the custom reporting I've done for them in PHP, and I see fees ... I see FEES EVERYWHERE! ;-)
And hey, I ain't knockin' a 1% fee, that's awesome, but THEY are going to hear about the 0% fee, and I pitched to them that they would have a not-for-profit 0% fee ...
I want all these clients at 0%, I want to be able to tell the long and growing list of candidates and campaigns exploring bitcoin campaign donations strategies with "Bitcoin Bomb" and "BitPolitic", I want to be able to tell them that there is a 0% processing fee and be able to show them the reporting features I have custom coded for my clients in PHP, but ... ain't look so good now with that fee on there.
@_date: 2014-06-17 05:36:38
There's a lot of excitement in the cryptocurrency community to enable political candidates that we support with campaign financing by using bitcoin.
The Lucas Overby campaign has engaged a bitcoin campaign donations strategist and is striving to meet or exceed the federal elections commission's laws and regulations regarding bitcoin campaign donations, and campaign donations in general by using the form to donate at 
The form available to donate bitcoin was recently programmed and integrated into the Lucas Overby campaign by an individual known to me. I don't know who made this post, but we certainly appreciate the enthusiasm and energy to support the use of bitcoin to enable political candidates to compete with bitcoin.
It's best we not have an open, catch all address for donations to the campaign, however, the campaign manager is aware of all these things and is making sure everything is going smootly and according to campaign finance laws and regulations.
I'm excited that Lucas is exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy.
@_date: 2014-12-04 11:18:45
I agree, this is a pissing contest, a circus, the only result will be an "I AM GREAT" result. This reminds me of the finals in high school at my State's debate championships, just another pissing contest to prove nothing.
Dogs barking at each other wanting attention, and they are getting it.
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:51:59
With the mid-term election cycle build up approaching the regulation issue is going to dominate until after November 4 in the bitcoin community. As we become more politically aware, (and regulation issues sure as hell ARE political), we will see the bitcoin ecosystem politically engage, I just hope we aren't too late.
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:46:41
The viral and widespread, mass adoption of new, innovative technologies, throughout the history of mankind, has been effected in greatest measure through the communications and messaging available to and exercised by political campaigns. The wood powered and then the coal powered locomotive, the fossil fuel burning automobile, industrial revolution innovative manufacturing processes, the light bulb, and now bitcoin and blockchain technologies have been major issues in political campaigns and in the political sphere that have moved nations to consider the mass adoption of technology and innovation.
Now we see the first entry of a State level executive committee of one of the two major political parties in the United States accepting and using and learning about bitcoin.
The inevitable use of bitcoin by all peoples and organizations is now more clear, that bitcoin cannot be stopped and that those political organizations which are most forward thinking and supportive of innovative technologies will use bitcoin.
All groups, individuals and entities will use bitcoin, that cannot be stopped. The consensus, distributed model of bitcoin is the gear that determines which groups, individuals and organizations will receive the prosperity that bitcoin offers.
To use money as speech, as political speech, and to now have greater opportunity to utilize bitcoin as money, as political speech is increasing and will continue to increase among political organizations and candidates running for political office. The more bitcoin is used, the better for bitcoin and mass adoption.
BitPolitic provides services to political candidates and political campaigns and organizations so that they can learn about and incorporate bitcoin and blockchain technologies into the political system so that the benefits of blockchain technologies will become known and will come into practice in the political sphere. To decentralize and provide for more direct means of political speech and communication, and then to provide individuals with the ability to use bitcoin as speech in a more consensus and decentralized model is a step in the right direction.
The United States in 50 days will have an election that is a major elective cycle in the US political system, the midterm elections. More an more candidates and State level executive political party committees and organizations will begin to accept and use bitcoin.
Yearly, $4 Billion dollars is donated by individuals and entities to political organizations and bitcoin now has an increasing penetration into this gigantic market of money, power and leadership influence, and that can only be good for bitcoin and for those accepting bitcoin, no matter what side of the political equation they might be on at this time, they come closer to the bitcoin equation, and in the long run, that's the step we must take and for bitcoiners to lead in those steps is best.
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:31:12
Greg Abbott is the current Attorney General, the most powerful, the lead attorney in the State of Texas. Rick Perry is under two felony indictments while Greg Abbott serves as Attorney General, are you beginning to see where Greg fits into things?
@_date: 2014-10-13 04:25:44
I sent you a message through the reddit mail/messaging system, I don't know exactly which email to use to contact you, so I put mine in the message I sent. AH! I see your email in the OP, I forgot it was there because that is unusual to see an email in the OP, especially for a seated member of a US State legislature, I'll email you there.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:27:21
Your attempts to minimize any criticism of PAC and political action committee, when staring the evidence straight in the face, and being confronted with deep flaws in your statements really leads me to believe you have a lot of potential to learn, and that you are perhaps a political zealot, a fanatic of some sort. And that's dangerous. When I call your fact with the blockchain data, and you try to minimize that, I mean, WTF is your agenda?
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:44:31
I see in the middle of the leftmost margin, you composed this in the key of C major, that's excellent as many will then be able to play it on the piano and sing ... wait ...
@_date: 2014-08-13 05:59:22
The article features a Libertarian Party candidate, a Democratic party candidate and a Republican Party candidate.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:43:18
This looks promising, looking forward to testing their API and seeing what can be seen.
@_date: 2014-08-28 05:15:56
We don't need permission, and we don't need consultation from "professors" on a decision for which we do not need permission. If bitcoin campaign donations are NOT money, then they are in-kind. I find this actually very humorous. Like timid mice circling a trap watching the other mice way, way off in the distance. And the mother mouse pointing at the trap saying "hang onto my apron strings children, I'll guide you past the evil trap ..."
Here are the LIONS that are roaring, the ones taking the REAL risk, and making history.
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:58:06
Cash is very different from bitcoin and political candidates and PAC and committees are beginning to realize that bitcoin is a viable tool to generate funds, and then they have the opportunity to learn more and more about bitcoin. Potentially, the less they understand as they take bitcoin as a donation, the more empowered those that truly understand bitcoin, become. Think of bitcoin as an infection as an injection, a curative that must be introduced into the political sphere. Nobody can stop politicians and political groups from using bitcoin, so let us bitcoiners lead the way in politics, lest we loose sight of another potential advantage of using bitcoin, generally and specifically in a very important part of our human social endeavor, the selection of and the observations of those that might with to lead in our society.
@_date: 2014-08-10 01:15:44
Yes, bitcoin is money.
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:49:24
Greg Abbott will be the next Governor of Texas and will be seated as Governor of Texas while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy and bitcoin campaign finance research and development effort. Greg is one of the most powerful, knowledgeable attorneys in the United States, as well, he will be one of the most powerful political figures in the United States. The Governor of Texas is one of the most powerful political positions in the United States of America. To have one of the most powerful political seats in the United States engaging with political bitcoin activists would be prudent. As Greg sees efforts in the bitcoin community now, those directed in Washington, how should he feel about this as he is ignored by these efforts in favor of ignorant incumbents?
If the bitcoin donations going to lobby incumbents for bitcoin went to Greg, I think Greg might then get a political message, bitcoin as political speech, which would then support Greg as he takes the ultimate risk in the bitcoin political sphere, and that is taking campaign donations in bitcoin. Greg is taking the real risk, he is tempting the real political peril and legal peril and in my opinion is a political bitcoin hero. Is this initiative engaging with the most viable candidates for office who are exercising bitcoin campaign donations strategies, who are supportive of bitcoin?
And then there is Adrian Wyllie who might potentially be the next Governor of Florida, and Lucas Overby polling at 31% running for US House of Representatives. How must they view the resources being applied to lobbying Washington incumbents, who are ignorant of bitcoin, when Lucas, Greg and Adrian support bitcoin? Put yourself in their shoes, and then you might see how we could engage politically more effectively.
Are you and your group engaging with the individual who is surely to be one of the most powerful political presences in the United States who supports bitcoin? If not ... why not?
Greg Abbott will be the next Governor of Texas, and he will be seated in office while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy, and he will have records of all the people who donated using bitcoin, who donated to and supported his bitcoin campaign donations strategy.
@_date: 2014-11-21 06:39:03
TakeMyBitcoins is looking for a sponsor, they cannot carry on operations without a new sponsor.
@_date: 2014-08-10 01:16:32
Cean swings a pretty mean chainsaw, and she hunts big game, perhaps you'd like to join her on her next bear hunt and talk with Cean about those issues?
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:00:01
"As of venture capital I don't really know but I don't think it is going to be that much."
The most important parts about what you say as I quote you above, "... I don't really know ... I don't think ..."
That's a comfortable place to be MillyBitcoin.
Individuals are free to donate to the campaigns of political candidates, any person who is an employee of ... or suffers membership of ... Bitcoin Foundation, can donate to a political candidate in the U.S., if they are a US citizen. And they can donate to the candidates who accept bitcoin, they can donate using bitcoin. And they can endorse a political candidate that champions bitcoin.
When we look at the membership of the Bitcoin Foundation we can select the wealthiest concerns among those members and sponsors of Bitcoin Foundation and conduct analysis of those entitiy's contributions to political candidates and campaigns.
Anybody, any member of Bitcoin Foundation can endorse a political candidate, can support a bitcoin candidate, yet they do not with the sole exception of Brock Pierce as he tends to endorse Bryan Parker who is running for mayor of Oakland, California. And Brock of course is an investor in the bitcoin payment processor that the Parker campaign uses.
I don't, "don't think" ... I do hard research into these matters using the FEC database of campaign contributions and State databases of campaign contributions. Of all of the candidates accepting bitcoin donations, 22% of those candidates for office are my company's clients. This type of research is my professional occupation as it is of great importance to my bitcoin startup space.
I spend a great deal of time researching the membership and the boards of directors of the Bitcoin Foundation. Wealthy bitcoin VC and wealthy members of Bitcoin Foundation are not donating to the bitcoin candidates, they are pouring money into Washington D.C. to conduct crony lobbyist activities. (Brito, Perianne, CDC, Collins, Stafford, etc ...)
Millions of dollars directly connected to and influenced by Bitcoin Foundation is being used to fund lobbying efforts in Washington D.C., to say otherwise is to engage in "... not really ... [and] ... don't think ..."
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:57:23
ROFL !
@_date: 2014-11-11 01:37:11
One point everybody has missed in this thread, because perhaps we don't want to talk about it. ChangeTip is not anonymous, it's not pseudonymous, it is identifiable.
One of the most attractive characteristics of online, social networking tipping applications is that OTHER people can see who is tipping, and see who they are tipping.
It's not just that the tipper and the tipped are known to one another and can never approach anonymity, it is that OTHER people outside of the transaction can observe the identities, (or a facsimile of identity), of the people conducting the transaction.
Is it "PoBitically incorrect" to point to the less than pseudonymous nature of ChangeTip, or is it something we must incorporate into our assessment of all online tipping applications?
ChangeTip is a social networking tool more than it is a bitcoin application, it does not suffer the polar boundaries of "anonymous OR pseudonymous" it is something more clear and is transparent in that part of its nature.
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:55:39
When we might use the list of members available on the bitcoin foundation website, and compare those names in database queries against the FEC records available of all individual donors and contributors we begin to see that potentially bitcoin does indeed cross all political lines, as it is money, and money is of interest to all political parties and candidates for many different reasons. Preliminary analysis of the membership of bitcoin foundation shows a large percentage of those that regularly donate to political campaigns and committees having donated to Dr. Ron Paul's presidential campaigns.
Although the early and first movers in the political sphere have been mostly Libertarian and Libertarian leaning independents and GOP and democratic candidates, of greatest concern are the political leanings of bitcoiners themselves, not the candidates or the political party actors.
We bitcoiners can use bitcoin to define politics more and more, and the candidates and their committees their PAC, etc ... lose power as we gain power, we bitcoiners gain political voice with the use of bitcoin as money, as political speech.
Everything that is "good" about bitcoin can be "good" for politics and leadership selection, in the short run, and in the long run.
@_date: 2014-10-14 23:56:09
Do you endorse or have you made a personal contribution to any candidate for political office that has integrated bitcoin technology into their campaign for public office in this 2014, midterm election cycle?
Of the nearly 30 candidates on the US midterm election ballots that exercise bitcoin campaign donations strategies, that support and champion bitcoin, can you name at least two of those candidates who are bitcoin miners?
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:45:51
And your lack of support for candidates for office who champion bitcoin, use bitcoin, and demonstrate a level of expertise in bitcoin and politics, is both shortsighted and smacks of your own special interests political agenda. You wish to centralize the political impact of bitcoin into the hands of a few, this is painfully obvious, and those few would be special interests that then, just as the federal reserve did in the early 1900's, that then will write the laws regulating bitcoin in collusion with the bankers.
Your feigning of ignorance is tiring.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:32:36
And if you were a coder, a bitcoin developer in prison or suffereing prosecution, like Shrem or like Ross, would you want a US Congressman to go to bat for you? Have you read the article, or are you knee-jerking on the title alone?
@_date: 2014-08-31 19:09:47
I'm not "hating", and I'm not "hostile". I've made no threats, only observations and stated a disagreement with the political strategy of CDC. And I've defended the character of the political candidates running for office that accept bitcoin, and support bitcoin from your scurrilous accusations and innuendo. Ignorance is the most dangerous commodity of politics, and you, are a treasure trove of gold for those that need these types of assets.
You INTERPRET what I'm doing as hostility and hate, and threat, because the bitcoin political model I support competes with the centralized, PAC and Political Action Committee model that CDC wants to build.
I enable political candidates to take bitcoin as donations, that's what I do. Of all of the candidates accepting bitcoin campaign donations, 20% of them are my clients, what does that make me? Does that give me political credibility in the bitcoin ecosystem? Or does that make me some nasty, filthy political operative, and then you in comparison some gleaming tower of educational altruism? 
Am I a bitcoin hater? Am I a stealth operative that is trying to destroy your political goals? Do you simply NEED an ENEMY and you find them where you most desire, those that compete with your fanatical approach to the politics of bitcoin?
What are your credentials that you would criticize my business model, and the candidates who are supporting bitcoin, WTF are you? Let's keep it straight, let's be realistic, what credentials do you have that will show you have expertise in bitcoin and expertise in politics, what demonstrated expertise do you have in these two areas, and then what demonstrated expertise do you have in the use of those two areas together? You want to hate on me, for what I've demonstrated that I do, and do well ... you troll me, well, now I'm trolling you.
Everybody sees how the troll fanatically supports CDC, you've outed yourself, thank you.
I work closely with political campaigns every day, it's my job. I know what they need in order to understand and function within the bitcoin ecosystem, I provide them with this, and support them in this mission EVERY DAY.
Political campaigns must USE bitcoin, and see it's value, and the ONLY thing of value to a political campaign is the ability to create media presence and candidate brand and to RAISE FUNDS. That's what I do, that is my bitcoin startup model. And I've just hooked you good, you are paying attention and you are learning, YOU ARE ENGAGED with the political candidates accepting bitcoin like you have NEVER BEEN before in your life, my job is a success with you.
If you and I would not have been trading posts in this reddit, you would have NEVER been exposed to all of the candidates accepting bitcoin campaign donations, you would only have been focused on the STATUS QUO, the enemy. Now you have new perspective, and that's part of my job as well, and I do it well, thank you.
None of this is because I am smart, or gifted, or a genius, it's because I BUST MY ASS and WORK MY ASS OFF doing it, doing it, doing it, engaging at a ROOT level with political campaigns and you HATE that, you HATE that I am directly experiencing this, you hate this, it's so obvious you hate what I do, and as your reflection in mirror is cast into your own eyes, you can only see me and all the fun I have with bitcoin and politics. And that's part of my job, to show you want you are MISSING. Come get some, they are GOOD donuts.
You feed on hate, you REQUIRE hate to function. Because you have NOTHING else.
You see this as a THREAT to the centralized power and control the CDC and their PAC, their political action committee ... want to develop. You see potential political power and control being exercised on your behalf by the CDC, and that's LAZY in my opinion.
You are nearly fantatic in your approach. You won't even consider or discuss ACTUAL candidates running for office who mine bitcoin PROFESSIONALLY, candidates who in the last election cycle got 25% of the vote against the current incumbent, 
If Randall gets in office and is seated in the US House of Representatives HE will be among the TOP, proven, political authorities on bitcoin, and will then minimize the power and the effect of the CDC, because Randall DOES NOT TAKE donations in FIAT MONIES, he only takes donations in bitcoin, and the CDC will then be faced with a seated member of Congress who is a bitcoin champion who OPPOSES the use of political action committee, you are TRANSPARENT in your political fanaticism, it's so sad, and now ... it's kind of funny.
If the bitcoin champion candidates are elected to office, the likelihood they will support CDC is very, very low, therefore, those candidates accepting bitcoin donations, those supporting bitcoin are the ENEMIES of CDC, unless, CDC can launch the appearance of supporting one of those candidates to then launch their media presence into Washington, into the power structures of Washington.
Parasitism, that is how most political organisms function, feed and grow because they have nothing new to offer the system. Bitcoin is the new innovation, and the status quo politicians in power will entertain your dancing and flute playing in the halls of the king and the queen, but eventually, you will have to mop their floors, because that is how they play their game.
My clients don't play, they take donations in bitcoin at great personal and political risk, that's what they do, they champion bitcoin.
I'm 51 years old, I've been through some real rough shit in my life, in politics, in business and in other things I don't like to talk about. You sound like an idealist, a youngster, the PERFECT type of person to be co-opted by some idealism that is borne from CURRENT political, status quo functionality.
You want to be in a PAC and exercise the strategies of the status quo power brokers, that's your choice, but bitcoiners see through this, except for those bitcoiners who want a piece of that status quo action, and that's sad, and you know that.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:52:47
At 1:55, you've got the crony political insider, the Washington lobbyist funded by big VC and special interests bitcoin industry monies seeking inside favor from regulatory lawmakers nailed. 
But I don't see the real bitcoin political heroes in the cartoon, the US citizens running for office while having bitcoin technology integrated into their campaign websites as they openly champion bitcoin and blockchain technology, political candidates like this one:
and the other "bitcoin candidates" on the list maintained here:
To portray only the corrupt side of political engagement by bitcoin special interests with Washington lawmakers is unfair, there is a good side of the political bitcoin, with real political heroes who champion bitcoin without pressures and special offers from the corrupt lobbyists and political crony insiders, we should help get them elected to office or at least recognize their sacrifice and the potentially perilous legal, and political risks they accept and engage.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:51:40
- Have you ever held an elected position?
- Have you ever run for an elected position?
- Have you ever worked as a volunteer or as a payed member of any campaign for elected office, either public office, or some corporate related position?
- Please give a brief history or overview of your experience in politics and political campaigns, or, in corporate elected positions.
@_date: 2014-12-02 05:29:23
Nice, very nice.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:25:21
"Brilliant", "Great", I don't do brilliant and great. And as to your aspersion that I'm bragging, I have a startup in the bitcoin political space, BitPolitic.com, I'm just stating what I'm doing, you PERCEIVE this as bragging, perhaps because it conflicts with your political agenda.
Brilliant, GREAT ... that's all bullshit. The candidates that are running for office, supporting bitcoin, demonstrating they are supporting bitcoin, THEY are brilliant and great and I'm honored to work for them and enable them.
You just run your mouth, that's all you really do.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:29:06
The larger percentage of bitcoin developers and startup participants are young, they are in school, and we, (they), have peer groups and support groups that are returning to school, or starting school for the first time, college.
Parents are busy with children starting school, most of our friends that are married and have children, have young children, and they are very busy not only getting their kids started in school, but doubly busy learning how to live with young school children.
The summer break has ended, peer groups are being torn apart, people are traveling long distances from home to go to school again. We get sad when our friends are removed from our near, world view, and this can contribute to depression.
Tweets have fallen off in volume in the bitcoin community, reddit posting and engagement, falling off, bitcoin media changing it's angles of reporting, the youth no longer in the news as much, because the youth, writes about the youth, and many are busy settling into school, resting from settling into school, and those of us who are not in school, we can feel deserted, alone and lonely.
When we use logic to categorize who we are hanging out with, who provides us with social stimulation and support, and realize a lot of what is happening is because the fall term is starting, the most important term of all, we can profit from a logical assessment of what is really, really happening to the affectionate and loving animal that we are ... the other beasts are leaving, the tribe is winnowed and dispersed, and we can miss one another without even realizing that is going on to a great extent.
Look around, who's gone, who is no longer there, make this assessment and then turn inward, look inward and know that THEY need you to carry on for yourself and what you do, just as much as you, or we need our community.
It's another cycle in the bitcoin ecosystem and the closer we are to that ecosystem, that growing social network, the more difficult it can be when it is disrupted. We disrupters are not immune from disruption of our world as the cycle continues.
We get stimulation and pleasure from having our friends around, from having other bitcoin and cryptocurrency developers around, or more available to be bitcoiners with us, and now, many of them don't have the time, just right now. And whether we want to accept it ... when those we are stimulated by are no longer available, we can go into withdrawl, into a funk, so let's be aware of where we are in our cycle.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:04:30
It's difficult to understand how the title of the article can stand up to any scrutiny. A PAC, a lobbyist concern, a Political Action Committee is prohibited by law from having close contact in some setting where members of Congress would be solicited for influence.
There are no members of congress on this panel, the panel is made up of lobbyists and those that solicit donations to PAC, so that they can use those donations as they see fit, to further their political agenda.
Laws in the United States specifically prohibit registered PAC from having this kind of contact with seated members of the government, so the article title intimating that members of congress are on this panel, is just kind of nutty, and could only be shaped in a manner to deceive those of us in the bitcoin community who have not taken it upon ourselves to examine and study how PAC's work with regard to our political system.
This "Congressional Panel" advertised in the titel of the article is exactly the opposite of what it implies.
This panel here: 
This is a panel of PAC and political action committee employees, a private citizens group currying favor and influence over the political process. There are many, many lobbyists involved in this "congressional panel", which again, has nothing to do with members of congress being on this panel.
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:26:49
Candidate for US Congress Lucas Overby, supported by many bitcoin luminaries in Florida, (Perianne's home State), Lucas demonstrates his expert understanding of bitcoin and blockchain technologies. Lucas Overby, polling at 31%+ in his race for a seat in the US Congress pens an excellent article about bitcoin, the future of bitcoin technology and how he and other "bitcoin candidates" running for office can serve to protect bitcoin in the halls of Congress.
Do we need members of Congress seated to protect bitcoin from debilitating regulation and would Lucas Overby, in the tradition of Dr. Ron Paul, refuse to entertain lobbyists and educational initiative and bitcoin PAC overtures in his offices as a seated member of Congress?
These are the factional forces of bitcoin and politics working as adversarial against one another worth of your thought. Perianne, who cannot figure out how to turn the overhead projector on ... and wanting a bitcoin PAC to solicit your bitcoin private keys ...
And Lucas Overby, a bitcoin political expert in every sense of the word, who would literally fight on the floor of the US Congress to protect bitcoin? And then who would drink champagne and eat fine foods at the elbows of our political adversaries in positions of power in Washington D.C.?
And then who would maintain a frugal and efficient office in Congress to champion bitcoin on the floor of the US Congress?
Why is there such lack of support for the bitcoin candidates, and such support in the millions of dollars by Patrick Byrne and others for Bitcoin PAC and special interests bitcoin lobbies?
Do we want industry wealth directing the regulatory procedures? Or do we want government officials, elected and seated while demonstrating expertise in bitcoin and politics to protect bitcoin, and can they work together, or are lobbyist special interests inherently opposed to the election and support of the "bitcoin candidates".
Who best serves your interests with regards to bitcoin regulatory perils, Perianne, or Lucas Overby seated in the US Congress?
@_date: 2014-10-12 07:42:12
Basically, that's partly what California Governor Brown did, or perhaps moved towards doing. The OP might examine that legislation that was passed in California both for positive effects and any potential pitfalls.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:01:19
The wealthiest and the most powerful on our planet find the greatest portion of the expression of their humanity exercised through the use of money, and without control over money, without their monopoly control over money exercised through the application of force as power ... they have no identity ... without power over money they are nothing and would then simply be consumed by their own sociopathic narcissism and neurosis. When Andreas says to Senator Ringette, the lady Senator, that the ability to be expressive with the use, even the creation of currency is now available to any person, even a ten year old, this strikes at the core of the very being of those who seek money for power, and power over money, and we see this condition of the wealthiest and the most powerful laid painfully bare to them. For the wealthiest and the most powerful to have their precious monopoly over the expression of self laid open to competition by any person, this is a cognitive dissonance that will drive them insane.﻿
@_date: 2014-10-07 18:03:02
Consider that Marc Andreessen donated over $125,000 to political candidates and Political Action Committees in 2012 alone. And consider that Andreessen/Horowitz is leading the effort to engage incumbent politicians in Washington D.C. through their hired lobbyists and through PAC contributions, playing crony politics to gain favor with incumbent politicians for special interests, their clients. And then consider he plays exactly the same game with respect to bitcoin and regulatory lobbying in Washington through is lobbyists, funded with his money and the monies over which he has great influence.
@_date: 2014-12-04 11:11:12
1. Life sucks
2. My life sucks
3. !!! I AM GREAT !!! &lt;---
4. We are great, they are not.
5. Life is great.
@_date: 2014-10-27 23:51:25
"incredibly simple"
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:58:28
Why am I beginning to like your reddit handle more and more? :-)
@_date: 2014-06-01 06:15:44
Idea: 
An article, or a continuing series of articles, that chronicles and documents the shopping cart, (eCommerce or plug-in), solutions, (or custom solutions), for implementing a bitcoin campaign donations strategy and solutions for political campaigns. The article, or series, might focus on campaign solutions that are leading in bitcoin donation amounts or those campaigns that exhibit some branding or exemplary implementation that sets their bitcoin campaign donations strategy apart from the growing pack of entrants into this first mover arena of bitcoin development.
Perhaps a spreadsheet or chart could be included that ranks the leading candidates who have implemented bitcoin campaign donations strategies, a chart that documents the amount of coin they have collected, a leaderboard of sorts, (if some person were maintaining that type of data).
Some relaying of information concerning the federal elections commission's developing guidance and stance on bitcoin campaign donations as well as reporting on the growing interest of State level campaign regulatory bodies and those State level commission's announcements concerning bitcoin campaign donations could be a part of this series of articles.
If the idea ranks well :
BTC - 173x7VDiD4YKtPBcUCT1dbMgEydgYeJTi8
@_date: 2014-10-11 21:09:32
An important feature of elections, or votes of any type, being conducted with blockchain technology is that a receipt is generated that cannot be altered and the person that uses their coin for that vote can then track the vote and see for certain it is in the "wallet" of the candidate they voted for.
To secure the integrity of an individual's vote, and to have every individual then in a state of mind where they do not question the validity of their vote would be a historic change, and would drive more and more voting as the individual's in a society become more and more confident that their vote counts, every time, without question.
Of all of the shortcomings of the current electronic voting systems there are no receipts generated for almost 50% or more of the votes cast in US elections. If the machines are rigged, if the vote is rigged, there is no way to audit the vote. And even an audit of current systems can easily be faked, forged or hacked.
Blockchain technology for voting would allow the auditing of the vote, by any person, anywhere on the planet, and that in my opinion, the ability to audit elections that are cryptographically secured is the most promising feature of elections conducted with blockchain technology, and your other points are very good as well.
And thank you for being responsive to the OP's question.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:25:04
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:39:24
Lenin, Mao, Stalin, Hitler ... they said the same thing. Idealism is the single most dangerous political position that mankind has ever faced. It's lazy too, and it's never the anarchist who leads the charge, only the one fomenting some type of idealistic revolution. The anarchist is the "Sunshine Patriot".
@_date: 2014-10-27 05:45:24
Doing the same thing over, and over, and over again and expecting different results, (insanity).
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:13:28
Perhaps instead of spending our resources emotionally in this manner, we MIGHT consider, and be encourage to, support political campaigns for US House of Representatives and State level Congress, where the candidate running that we support, supports bitcoin.
To have a seated member of the US House of Representatives call Ben Lawsky and talk to him on the phone about bitcoin, might be very effective, and we can donate to their campaigns, these elected politicians, using bitcoin.
Let us elect bitcoin champions and support them with positive energies that give our bitcoin ecosystem positive vibes, and champions, rather than potentially wave swords at windmills.
Let us show Lawsky that if he wants to eventually be elected to office, that he will be competing with candidates funded ... using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:18:46
Generally, the Libertarian party is very, very supportive of ending drug laws, and ending the War on Drugs, and the Libertarian party is certainly the first mover in the acceptance and use of bitcoin in the political paradigm.
About 68% of the candidates who are accepting bitcoin donatons in this election cycle are Libertarian candidates: 
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:05:58
These candidates did not sign up for a $30 per month plan. They signed up for the basic account, and bumped to $1K, fast-tracked, and we thank you for that. As well, they are not for profits, and I'll repeat, ETP said they would be at 0%.
Cean Stevens signed up for her BitPay account yesterday, as a not-for-profit, but she's getting the fee assessed, even though we were told political campaigns, registered with the State of Alaska, with an EIN for the campaign, we were told they would be assessed a 0% processing fee.
Please, take a look at the JSON pulled off the ledger. I'm just keepin' it real, code is code. My clients are looking at ME ... I pitched them 0%, I want to make good on that.
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:21:53
Adrian Wyllie is polling at 9% with the Florida electorate, more so than most other states having a large percentage of registered voters, registered as independents. The dynamics of the Florida Governor's race are bounded by one candidate who recently SWITCHED parties, and another incumbent who's approval ratings are nearly in single digits. Adrian stands a very good chance of doing extremely well and drawing a great deal of attention to his race as the ruling parties, the Republicrats and the Demopubs feel the heat from Adrian's campaign in a very real way, more so than in any gubernatorial race in the history of the United States, from a third party candidate.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:49:20
At 1:36:05, the jowls of the old banker dogs literally shake and wobble. Look at the senator's body language, arms tightly crossed, the extreme forward leaning in his chair, his pencil clutched, hands waving then, head popping up like a horse met some threat. This is the old banker, the old man who sees his beloved power structures failing, and he postures on behalf of his status quo power structures.
Oft time, new technologies faced with opponents from the status quo powers, must wait until the children, and grandchildren of those old, threatened power brokers take their places.
@_date: 2014-06-18 05:10:23
ooooo! Search in google for : Candidate bitcoin
No quotes, what do you get?
@_date: 2014-09-16 04:11:20
Not all political entities convert their bitcoin donations to dollars, see  especially, and Dan Elder, and others involved in running for political office. Randall Lord runs some stacks of ANT miners, and is a professional bitcoin miner who is financing his campaign with bitcoin, and is using bitcoin directly to purchase goods and services to support his campaign, my company, BitPolitic provides consultancy for his campaign, and I, Pat Jack, I am his webmaster.
You can see a listing of all political candidates in the United States that accept bitcoin donations, and support bitcoin here:
What if, and when, the LAGOP uses bitcoin donations to purchase things for candidates, for the offices and use of LAGOP, using bitcoin, and not the converted dollars? Would that not then complete the cycle of using NO fiat dollars to finance political action, would not that be a bit on the incredible side of things?
Certainly we might think the LAGOP and their bitcoin consultants and developers and integrators, "BitPolitic.com", has discussed these types of flexible solutions to use bitcoin.
The executive director of the LAGOP, the top dog in the Louisiana GOP party is communicating regularly and in depth with BitPolitc consultancy and is exploring many different avenues and potentials for use of bitcoin by the LAGOP.
I think we will all see the leadership, especially the youth leadership in the LAGOP do some very interesting things to promote bitcoin, and to lobby for protective measures to insure that LAGOP can continue to accept bitcoin.
We would not think the LAGOP is accepting bitcoin donations so that they can then destroy, or stand by and watch destroyed, their ability to continue to use bitcoin, or we might consider that hideously complex series of events happening, but I think the opposite is true.
We would not think the lawyers and politicians and power leadership players in the LAGOP would consider the BitLicense proposals to be good for their decision to accept bitcoin and I think we can expect to see the leadership in the LAGOP work to protect their interests, and their continuing ability to use bitcoin.
Watch for interviews and announcements coming with LAGOP leadership and significant bitcoin publications, those are in the works.
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:45:21
The OP said he was TRANSFERRING the bitcoin. Be careful you don't hurt your toes with that kneejerk propensity to slam and demean others. Your response to the OP while you clearly have not comprehended their post is typical of many in the bitcoin community evidenced by the number of upvotes your post received.
You are a very popular troll, but that is all you are, is a troll.
1. Life sucks
2. MY ... life sucks
3. "I AM GREAT" "I AM GREAT" "I AM GREAT" "I AM GREAT" "I AM GREAT" &lt;---
4. We are great, they are not.
5. LIFE ... is great.
Again, the OP was TRANSFERRING bitcoin.
The OP was not STORING bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-23 03:05:02
Bitcoin Foundation employs a high powered, well placed lobbying firm in Washington D.C..
You attack my information but refuse to recognize that they employ a well known lobbyist firm. We all know what lobbyist firms do, they seek to influence the writing of and the passage of, or opposition to the passage of ... law, and in this case regulatory law that affects bitcoin.
I see a bit of frothing on your quibbling lips as you attempt to say that I'm saying they are evil, you build a straw man with your own passions, enjoy your own flame.
REVIEW THE OP, there is nothing about being "evil" in the opening post of this thread, evil is in YOUR head, shake it firmly please.
The OP is about REGULATION, take your evil strawman and bugger off.
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:59:50
Bitcoin and blockchain technologies are the new opportunity that we might call a body politic, not Occupy, not Anonymous, not socialist, not GOP, not democrat ... but BitPolitic. We all have common goals and needs and we are all concerned with corruption in government and this gives us a tool with which to finally act TOGETHER and stop being divided and conquered.
@_date: 2014-11-03 13:07:58
Yes, crony capitalism, the unelected making the financial rules, those appointed by political power to do the bidding of the banks, it's literally, blatant crony capitalism.
Levitt's clients will of course benefit the most, that's his job. And then there is Department of Homeland Security operative John Collins.
Just like the bankers did in the early 1900's, wrote the banking regulations and wrote the bills to bring the federal reserve and the IRS into existence.
History repeats and power rules, top down, same as it ever was.
@_date: 2014-09-18 15:51:52
The majority of this money will be spent in Washington D.C. lobbying incumbent politicians, would Dr. Ron Paul approve, would he even let them in his office? Idealism is a thin cloak of sugar spun, the fairy tales of epic heroes while the risk takers battle in the trenches unable to hear the clinking of the silver spoon in the caviar dishes.
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:05:29
To the writer of the article:
You mentioned what seemed to you to be a lack of presence representing the Libertarian political party at the Coins in The Kingdom bitcoin conference. Two of the speakers at the conference were Libertarian candidates running for office in Florida, one for  governor of Florida, Adrian Wyllie, and a candidate running for US House of Representatives, (in a nearby district), Lucas Overby.
​Both Adrian Wyllie and Lucas Overby are leaders at the state executive committee level in the Florida Libertarian party. Both of these political candidates were among the Libertarian candidates running for office in this recently passed midterm elections cycle. These two stars of the Libertarian party, (in comparison to Libertarians running across the United States), were among those Libertarian candidates receiving​ the highest percentages of the vote in their race categories and the highest amount of popular vote in their race categories of any Libertarian candidates for office across the United States.
​Two of the stars, literally stars of the Libertarian political party were at the conference but you seem to have missed them entirely. I wish you could have observed and spoken with Adrian and Lucas as my startup, BitPolitic.com, provided their campaigns with bitcoin campaign donations technical implementation and strategy.
If you had been want to meet Libertarians, and then meet Libertarians who had expertise in politics and in bitcoin ... you missed that boat even though it was one of the largest available to you.
@_date: 2014-09-25 06:36:04
I am encouraged that you exist and have the experience and insight into the human condition to understand this completely. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-09-18 09:38:11
You and me commander against the wind brother, :)
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:38:26
This is the most significant statement to date, and wonderfully written by the candidate Mr. Overby, of the most depth and insight concerning bitcoin and blockchain technologies by any candidate running for a major, national level office. It should be noted that Lucas Overby has a significant number of bitcoin experts assisting and supporting his campaign for office as Florida in general is very active in the bitcoin community. With now more bitcoin media support for Mr. Overby as he guest writes for CoinTelegraph, we can see the message of bitcoin and politics and who might truly be the best device to protect bitcoin in the halls of government becoming much more clear.
Would Mr. Overby sitting in the US House of Representatives be more effective than the many millions of dollars that Patrick Byrne is pouring into Perianne's efforts? And that's a serious question that needs to be addressed, and would Mr. Overby even entertain bitcoin lobbyists and special interests with his seat in office, serving as a member of the US Congress? Would Dr. Ron Paul when he was a US Congressman?
Has BitPAC donated to Mr. Overby's campaign? Have the wealthy bitcoiners involved in lobby politics in Washington donated to Mr. Overby's campaign? Why not?
With bitcoin luminaries like Sean's Outpost, M.K. Lords, Jason King, and many others that are very active in the bitcoin community coming from Florida and organizing the Coins In The Kingdom bitcoin conference this weekend, the timing couldn't be better for one of the "bitcoin candidates" to lay it all out on the line in support of bitcoin and blockchain technologies.
Supporting the candidates running for office that challenge the incumbent structures, those who support bitcoin and integrate bitcoin technology into their campaign websites and experience the full cycle of bitcoin commerce is far more important than sending paper bitcoin wallets to incumbent Washington D.C. candidates for office who do not even use bitcoin at all.
Support your bitcoin candidates and see them into office so that they can fight against debilitating regulations that will damage bitcoin and blockchain development technologies.
All of the candidates running for office in this midterm, US elections cycle on November 4, those candidates that accept bitcoin and use bitcoin and support and champion bitcoin in the political arena are listed here:
And of all the "bitcoin candidates", Lucas Overby is surely shining now on top of the stack of the "bitcoin candidates".
@_date: 2014-06-17 09:53:38
Sadly, as  becomes more and more popular among political candidates exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy, just like charities today that accept bitcoin, like the BitGive foundation ... scammers will scam, and post addresses and pose as the charity, or the political campaign.
No matter how well intentioned some effort might be to collect bitcoin to fund some good thing, without branding and some effort for an official status to be exerted on that campaign, some will be suspicious. Rumors spread like wildfire and political campaigns in general can be very vicious, so any opportunity by one's opposition to tarnish a funding method for their opponent, they are going to do that, because that is just part of the game.
To envision one's opponent, or supporters of one's opponent launching  a fake bitcoin address and then turning around and casting aspersion on Lucas, this is not out of the question in the game of politics.
I know for a fact that this effort was well intentioned, by an excited, motivated lover of Liberty, and bitcoin and that we have drawn attention to the good form now in place at  I think we've made the most of this and can proceed to win this election.
@_date: 2014-10-09 06:45:16
Holy crap, you folks have GOT to read about the head of the committee, Irving Gerstein:  This guy damn near got sent to prison for election fraud, sells jewelry. His party literally paid the government a bribe to keep him out of prison, and now, he's one of them, they own him, so he runs the show for them.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:44:05
DOH !
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:19:23
Yes, instead of funding pundits at the bitcoin pulpit to yell and scream at the heavy oak doors of the bankers controlling campaign finance, to yell at that door slammed at their agents in government ... that door slammed in our faces, we sitting on the floor imploring and begging them, instead of funding that effort, we can fund political candidates like Lucas Overby running for US House of representatives, and polling at 31%+, to be seated in the halls of government in Washington D.C., to directly represent cryptocurrency and bitcoin and to protect that with the creation of legislation to protect bitcoin. To have a bitcoin supporting candidate seated as a freshman member of the US House of Representatives while exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy is very, very powerful. When that candidate would be the first Libertarian in the history of the United States to be seated in the US House of Representatives, while also exercising a bitcoin campaign donations strategy would do much for bitcoin and the general ecosystem at this time. VICTORY in the halls of government using bitcoin, is that a science fiction novel? Or is that the present moment?
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:46:01
Put yourself in the shoes of these "bitcoin candidates",  ... won't they feel incredibly insulted that BitPAC under the directions of Dan Backer did not offer their campaigns support?
Is it the ultimate insult to those that mine bitcoin and use bitcoin who are candidates for public office, that BitPAC will not donate bitcoin to their campaigns and rally support for these candidates?
Is BitPAC telling bitcoiners that running a candidate for office, a non-incumbent challenger who supports bitcoin, is BitPAC telling us our bitcoin candidates are not worthy of their PAC support bitcoin, even though those that use bitcoin, like the bitcoin candidates, donated the bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:28:40
Porcupine Real Estate is owned by Mark Warden, a member of the New Hampshire state legislature, the first politician ever to accept donations in bitcoin, the first politician ever to win a seat in office while accepting bitcoin donations and the first incumbent politician ever to accept donations in bitcoin. Mark Warden is the seminal, historical footnote in the birth of political campaign finance using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-31 06:01:49
Abbott will be the next Governor of Texas and will exert great influence, positive influence on the use of bitcoin in Texas and the bitcoin startup community in Austin, Texas.
@_date: 2014-10-14 05:18:12
When Andreas extends his middle finger and exits, and says he is exiting and severing his contact with Bitcoin Foundation due to a lack of transparency, that ain't bullshit, that's some really, really serious shit.
Andreas was quite pissed off about the lack of transparency at Bitcoin Foundation, (disgusted), and washed his hands of it completely. That is of very, very great concern.
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:42:49
Those who will donate, and have donated bitcoin to BitPAC in the hopes that BitPAC will support political candidates running for office, those political candidates that SUPPORT bitcoin and will fight against regulation of bitcoin in the halls of government, are those donors of bitcoin to BitPAC being duped?
Of the 8 members of Congress who BitPAC will send bitcoin paper wallets, one of them, Jared Polis, does indeed take donations in bitcoin on his website. Couldn't BitPAC and Dan Backer have made a decision to donate to the Polis campaign using bitcoin from BitPAC through the Polis website, and then used that receipt for that donation to show the incumbent members of Congress what they were missing out on, and at the same time, BitPAC could then have shown they support a bitcoin candidate through that candidate's integration of bitcoin technology into that candidate's website?
Shouldn't BitPAC be demonstrating they support "bitcoin candidates" who already understand bitcoin, who take donations in bitcoin, who have made an effort to integrate bitcoin technology into their campaigns already, such as those on this list of all candidates in these US midterm elections who accept donations in bitcoin, who publicly support bitcoin?
When we donate bitcoin to a Political Action Committee, do we want our bitcoin private keys being handed to incumbents who doubtfully have a bitcoin wallet installed, much less who might have the technical know how to exercise the use of a paper wallet?
Is this not simply a PR stunt for BitPAC and a clever way to gain political favor for those that bitcoin industry members who fund BitPAC? Doesn't this smack of crony politics at its worst?
$2,000 worth of bitcoin could be very helpful to some of these candidates running for office that are the first movers and early adopters supporting bitcoin in the political arena.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:06:11
I think a very novel way for people to pay for their BitSIM might be that they could make down-payment that covers the cost of the chip and the delivery of the chip so that BitSIM.co doesn't lose money.
And then the BitSIM then makes payments automatically to pay for itself. For example, the balance of the cost of the BitSIM is sent incrementally each time the BitSIM is used.
The wallet could give you a heads up on that, and you could push the payment some amount of time if needed.
So each time the BitSIM is used it deducts a payment from the balance automatically.
Sure, some people are going to get it, lose it, not use it, whatever. But in mass quantities it's going to be so cheap to produce that it might be a good model to use, to pay for it in some markets.
What better way to push it than by telling people, all you pay is shipping and handling or a downpayment.
And all of the payments are of course recorded on the blockchain, so the entire payment of the balance is automated and cannot be hacked. Well, maybe it could be hacked phone side, SIM-side, but that would have to be one hell of hack.
@_date: 2014-08-09 23:21:09
Oscar Wilde was fond of saying that to tell them the truth, you'd better make them laugh ... or ...
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:42:33
If all of this effort and energy being spent on REACTING to those that might influence seated incumbent politicians negatively with respect to bitcoin ... were instead spent on supporting the candidates that ran for US House of Representatives and the Senate, those that supported bitcoin in this recent 2014 elections cycle, we would have one or more allies seated in Congress that could respond to this on our behalf.
To be put in a REACTIVE posture, to be made the fool, is what the ZD Net writer wishes to accomplish, and with 1,464 upvotes I can see the writer is having an excellent effect.
This is a lot of energy coming from a community that fashions itself as "politically disengaged", that has an elitist attitude when it comes to engaging politically. And don't deny it, the anarchist and "super libertarian" mentality here is just an excuse not to engage politically.
BUT ... when there is a FIGHT and some screaming and whining and BITCHING to do, oh boy, all the sudden, everybody is "politically engaged" when it is a REACTIVE response to threat against bitcoin.
To support political candidates that support bitcoin and see them into office, would not that type of energy, effort and expense be a better solution? Or is there no hope ... and only hope in screaming at the thick oak doors of the seats of power ... plebes upon the street, rabble reacting viscerally?
Of all of the postings I made during this 2014 midterm elections cycle in support of political candidates running for office this midterm elections cycle, of all of them, even those in support of Andrew Hemingway ...
It seems that NEGATIVE REACTIVE responses, screaming at the oak door slammed in your face already, seems to be much, much more popular.
This is a silly game and has no effect except to make bitcoin supporters look ineffective and powerless in the eyes of those that make, vote on, and sign major legislation which will effect bitcoin regulation.
We can have politicians in office that support and champion bitcoin, but without voting, without supporting those politicians, without making bitcoin "politically sexy" ... we're fucked, and all of you know that.
So let's all react and scream at the top of our lungs ... "We're fucked, we're fucked, WE'RE FUCKED ..." and let the politicians hear how literally fucked you are, by one, single writer for one single publication.
REACT ... like puppets on their strings.
So go run and do your bitching and moaning and screaming if it makes you feel good, but know that older people who support bitcoin see this as silly and most importantly "reactive", and when you are reactive, those you react to are yanking firmly on your political gonads ... so you scream.
@_date: 2014-09-23 16:44:15
Why is it an attack? Why do you feel so threatened that you must call names, really, you call names. 
You have absolutely no response at all at any level of intelligence, at all. You just call names like a nine year old child.
If you are the type of person that supports Chamber of Digital Commerce, good Lord, if you are representative of the mental abilities of those that support CDC, God help us.
You cannot discuss any of this with me because you know nothing at all, except some blind, fanatical hope that somebody else will play the same sick, political lobbyist games that you feel so helpless against, and hate, and now ... you get to chance in the battle, but not you really, somebody else, somebody that when they fail, you can then blame.
You choose to be ignorant, and that is so sad.
Why would you say what I type is an attack, unless you have nothing at all to say, except to slander the character of somebody who has put some thought into this, somebody who has some recognized level of expertise in bitcoin and politics.
You make me so sad that you refuse to exercise discussion and rational thought, but just cling to a fanaticism so deep that you would only wish to attack another person's character. You really, just make me sad.
@_date: 2015-05-21 05:50:38
I bet Perianne gets hired by Lawsky's firm ... maybe he'll pay her salary in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:02:00
I've made Jimmy painfully aware of the bitcoin candidates and he has been nearly completely and totally unresponsive ... except ... to retract one of his statements that belittled those candidates accepting donations in bitcoin. Jimmy knows what he knows, and knows what he don't ... know. What concerns me is his decision NOT to know, nothin' about the bitcoin candidates.
@_date: 2014-12-07 12:05:19
It's good to see a face closer to my age doing some professional reporting on bitcoin. Set looks sharp, audio is excellent and video is nice and sharp. There is ample room in the bitcoin media markets for older, more seasoned "classical" reporting.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:50:39
One of the most viable, first movers and early adopters of bitcoin, of using bitcoin as a political campaign funding strategy, a candidate for US Congress, for the US House of Representatives to represent the Florida congressional district nearest the convention,  will be speaking on a "Bitcoin and Politics" panel with the Florida Libertarian candidate for Governor, Adrian Wyllie, 
Of all the conferences to date, this one will certainly give voice to those in the bitcoin ecosystem who are politically engaged at high levels in the political arena.
A US Congress candidate who champions bitcoin polling at 31%, and a hobby level bitcoin miner for some years who is running for Governor of Florida.
Again, of all of the bitcoin conferences to date, this will be the very first conference to feature two political candidates on the same panel running for significant offices, (both happen to be from Florida), who champion bitcoin and blockchain technology.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:24:30
That has already been purchased and funded, one of the prettiest cheerleaders money can buy, Perianne, quite literally, a cheerleader, beauty pageant winner, etc ...
@_date: 2014-12-03 01:56:41
Venture capital funding is more about who you know in the VC ecosystem, its not necessarily about what team of developers might be first to market, who you know and how well they know your team.
@_date: 2014-10-07 17:56:43
$125,000+ political campaign and PAC contributions in 2012 alone. pmarca is engaged politically at the very core of crony political capitalism. And these are only his personal contributions, he commands a great deal of influence over political donations among the VC and wealth surrounding him, his clients, etc ...
pmarca is throwing money into the Washington D.C. bitcoin lobbyist development teams as well.
It will be interesting to see how much he donated to the candidates and PAC that support the "bitcoin candidates", or if through a lack of support and donations to these bitcoin supporting political candidates this midterm election cycle that perhaps he sees electing candidates to office who support bitcoin and champion bitcoin would simply be an impediment to his political agenda.
@_date: 2014-06-16 04:20:42
Excellent report sir, excellent!
@_date: 2014-09-23 16:48:59
And you, you have absolutely nothing to add to the discussion except an emotional, negative response, your only solution and response, is to "degrade". You cannot refute with information or logic, you cannot say anything except literally, a degrading remark.
It's obvious that you cannot understand what is going on, you are desperate, so sad.
Your solution is to "degrade" others thoughts and research and knowledge. It's so sad, so pitiful, like little children blindly following something they hope will be something ... I mean, it's just this incredible, fanatical ignorance, an ignorance that is clung to so tightly, so desperately that the only thing you can do, is degrade others.
If you actually had some factual information, some insight, something to say, something to converse about, sure, that would be different, but all you have is venom, like coiling snake, reacting in a primitive manner, nothing to say, nothing thoughtful, just trolling really.
The truth sucks, and you can't handle it, and that's sad, and for bitcoin, that scares me.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:29:09
I wrote these on bitcointalk last year, but music is timeless, Merry Christmas!
Enjoy, bitcoin Christmas Carols.
@_date: 2015-05-21 05:48:46
I bet Perianne gets hired by Lawsky's firm ... maybe he'll pay her salary in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:14:57
Thank you for using bitcoin to voice your needs in a candidate for office that supports the new and growing segment of the bitcoin ecosystem, the "BitPolitic". Micro donations under $3.00 to political candidates have never been feasible before in the history of American politics, now, with bitcoin as a campaign finance method, we can encourage thousands, or tens of thousands of bitcoiners to use bitcoin as money, as speech in the arena of the body politic and compete, for the first time in American History with the stranglehold exerted on campaign finance by the monopoly power of the paper dollar, the fiat dollar exercised on political campaign finance.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:32:21
Think of all the people who were maligned and defamed by the bitcoin community when they were telling our community these things. Think of all the really, really smart people who saw this coming who QUIT bitcoin and have deserted the community and now advocate against the bitcoin community, because of what the bitcoin foundation now represents.
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:15:37
It is important to make a good study of Matthew Mellon, where he went to school, his ancestors and especially where his money has come from. Without this knowledge, this research on the man, you won't understand the intentions of the Chamber of Digital Commerce or the reasons Patrick Byrne is the primary funding agent of this organization.
Who is Mellon, what is his history, who is his father, what is their connection to the global, private banking industry?
Does he code? Does he develop? Where does he work? To what other organizations has he belonged, served as leadership for, etc ...
Know those who would place themselves in positions of leadership and expect you to support them.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:41:26
Pure tyranny and bold and unbridled extortion.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:31:37
What really, really, really SUCKS TOTALLY, is when you are politically engaged, you are 51 years of age, and you KNOW all of this, and then you look at the bitcoin community, demonstrating intelligence and understanding of these issues when they are presented so well by James, and he does an excellent job.
And then you wonder with great frustration why a group of people intelligent enough to grasp this, and discuss this refuses to engage politically, but has every solution on the tip of their tongues to fix it all, to make it all better.
And as an older man, a politically engaged person for a very long time, realizing that the ONLY change to any of this can come about through political engagement, and the election of candidates to office that will champion the ideas and solutions to fix these things ... and looking at a bitcoin community of very smart people who absolutely for the greater part refuse to engage, and condemn any person that runs for office as a slime ball politician, all the time requiring representation to effect any change at all.
Blows my mind, candidates running for office that support bitcoin, champion bitcoin, and generally get SHIT on by the bitcoin community that wants to "Change The World".
@_date: 2014-11-18 03:28:57
The former head of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Arthur Levitt, is on their board of advisers, a man who for most of his life has been extremely intimate with the wealthiest bankers in the world, their agent, and their servant in every sense of the word.
So to say that the most fundamental philosophies of the wealthiest most powerful bankers have significant influence over coinbase in their relationships with regulatory decision makers would be more than accurate.
Give your private keys to coinbase and potentially, you've given your private keys to a company that is influenced by the servants of the very bankers we seek to make obsolete.
And yes, they do indeed have absolute control, possession, of your bitcoin private keys.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:08:46
Instead of focusing negative energy as despair on the GOP and Libertarian candidates, you might benefit from supporting the candidates running on the democratic ticket, Christina Gagnier is a good example of that. You shoot yourself in the foot as a bitcoiner, and a left learner by expending your energies trolling, trolling GOP and Libertarians, instead of supporting the candidates of your choice?
@_date: 2015-05-21 05:50:11
Ethical? ROFL ! Lawsky and his masters count on YOU thinking in terms of ethical or not ethical, they don't think like that, they make the rules. That's all they do, is make the rules, so they can break them, so you can go to jail for breaking them.
Ethical, not ethical ... ROFL.
@_date: 2015-01-07 08:56:30
Lobbyists currying favor for the wealthiest companies and venture capitalists playing the game of regulatory capture, dirty deals in Washington D.C., nothing more, nothing less.
@_date: 2015-01-02 03:30:30
@_date: 2014-11-16 22:32:25
Most of this thread talks about how to vet potential members of the bitcoin foundation, the will and desire to have that done is clear. The next most contentious point of discussion is to create some bylaw or some procedure to accomplish the vetting of members of the bitcoin foundation, or bylaws to be exercised to potentially remove somebody from membership in the bitcoin foundation, or some foundation representing bitcoin.
It seems the only logical choice is to have individuals vote on the vetting of bitcoin foundation members.
CounterParty has a solution for voting using coin tokens which are then attached to the blockchain security and permanence model.
The code, the functionality to vote has been demonstrated on CounterParty by SWARM, many of us are familiar with this reality.
It seems that a CounterParty application could be built where members of the bitcoin foundation are issued voting tokens on the CounterParty platform and begin to vote on issues. As well, perhaps a membership to the bitcoin foundation, a discounted membership perhaps, could be offered which only conferred voting rights, an inexpensive voting membership.
Solutions are talked about, we are bitcoiners, so obviously any system to vet members, or expel members would have to be some sort of voting application that is tied to a blockchain and CounterParty seems to be a first step.
I see a tremendous amount of energy in this thread and the solution of course should be obvious to everybody, a voting application on CounterParty where members of the bitcoin foundation are issued tokens with which they can vote.
And perhaps only one vote, per membership, regardless of the level of membership should be given, to each member of the foundation.
@_date: 2015-01-18 11:42:03
Bankers and regulators and politicians in general oppose bitcoin by creating a set of "victims" of bitcoin. This is called problem-reaction-solution, victim psychology.
We all agree that until bitcoin was invented the only units of exchange used for illegal drugs and the funding of war markers, and their opponents, (terrorists), was government controlled monetary units, fiat currency, dollars.
And now that bitcoin has been created it is demonstrated that it can be a viable currency, it works, you can buy stuff with it and stuff can be sold for bitcoin.
So bitcoin now COMPETES with up until the invention of bitcoin, the only thing that could facilitate illegal money laundering, i.e., government currencies.
Should it not be painfully clear that bankers and regulators and politicians wish to PRESERVE the status quo and inhibit the ability of bitcoin to COMPETE in the most lucrative sectors of finance, illegal finance, money laundering.
Illegal drug trafficking and "terrorism/war making/ (murder)", are financed in the greatest part with DOLLARS, with fiat currencies and this is extremely lucrative for those who engage in the laundering of these monies, the "status quo" most profitable financial activities one can engage.
They DON'T want the competition that bitcoin represents, they are very, very happy with using ANONYMOUS cash and the system which supports that absolute and total anonymity when properly exercised.
Think OUT of the BOX ... they don't want the competition, and really, you can't compete with them as they are too deeply entrenched and they'll put you in prison at the snap of a finger or just murder you.
Illegal drugs and war, murder, mass murder, terror are BIG BIG BIG business, and the people that run these kinds of businesses regularly use mass murder as a method of doing business.
Again, they DON'T want the competition and they instruct their assets, the politicians, the bankers and the regulators that they own and control to fight against this.
When you get OUT of the empathy box, when you leave love and human kindness behind and look at the evil on our planet which feasts on death and terror and worships death and terror, then it will become instantly clear.
We get caught up in fugue state, saying on one hand that if people used bitcoin for illegal things then just as they are with dollars they will be caught and prosecuted, so why not give bitcoin a fair shake ... ?
And then we point to the use of the dollar, fiat currencies, for all things illegal by the wealthiest and most powerful of all, and we fugue, go round and round in circles when the answer is OUTSIDE of the box, they DON'T want competition for these extremely profitable illegal, black market, laundered dollars.
A laundered dollar is worth many times MORE than a dollar that is legally obtained in trade, you cannot compete with the LAUNDERED dollars, because they will not allow this.
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:44:12
Venture capatalist funded, guided, and controlled policy advocacy groups - (registered and unregistered political lobbyists in Washington DC who are funded by and beholden to wealthy interests in the bitcoin space) - will WRITE the regulations for the legislatures and then sell you services to come into compliance with the regulations THEY write.
This is EXACTLY how it was done in the years that led up to the passing, (or fake passing), of the federal reserve act. Without an understanding of the history of how the federal reserve act was authored, who authored the legislation and how it came into existence one cannot understand what wealthy venture capitalists in the bitcoin investment space are doing in Washington DC.
When the wealthiest interests in a new industry influence regulation to a great degree, the industry BELONGS to those wealthy interests.
They ain't doin' it cuz they loves you ...
VC do NOT want to spend their money on innovation in the bitcoin space to create a self regulated currency model - (ever increasingly so) - they want to create LAWS and regulation using the existing political models to OWN and CONTROL the bitcoin industry.
Let go of the rail of the empathy boat ... THEY DO NOT LOVE YOU.
Bitcoin foundation continues to employ, and contract with a powerful, well known, professional lobbyist firm in Washington DC, until such time that they officially announce they are no longer paying that lobbyist firm.
Again, THEY ... do not love you, they love power and legal and regulatory control over bitcoin, and that is ALL they love. They may say they do what they do because they love BITCOIN, but they DO NOT love ... YOU. 
You, are the competition for the coin and they will do what they can to give themselves an advantage, i.e. hiring lobbyists to go to Washington DC and curry favor with both elected officials and unelected officials in order to fashion regulation and laws that affect the bitcoin ecosystem such that their VENTURE CAPITALIST peers and the bitcoin startup concerns they fund will profit the MOST.
Venture capitalists funding and controlling the direction of "policy advocates", i.e. political lobbyists in Washington DC are doing so in order to develop and institute regulations that FAVOR THEMSELVES.
If they were NOT attempting to create a regulatory environment that favors themselves and their investments then they would be FOOLS.
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:58:04
What happens to banking services when the internet goes down, when the electricity gets knocked offline, during a brownout, when the bank's networks go down ???
How many times have you seen an ATM that is out of service, or offline?
Can bitcoin improve on the downtime record of banks and their services? Can bitcoin provide a more robust and more fault tolerant payment system ... than banks?
Can banking services be improved upon, if so, what would allow for that?
Perhaps we should start thinking in terms of how bitcoin can provide a BETTER payment system than banking.
Paper wallets == Cash
Nearfield device transfers submitted to the blockchain later ... the possibilities are endless.
Oh yeah, cell phones. Cell phone towers generally incorporate their own power supplies, battery arrays for when power is knot available, many of them, especially new cell tower installations have small generators, propane generators for backup.
Cell phone towers are far more reliable than banking systems, and bitcoin is going to run primarily on phones, therefore the backbone to consider is not the internet, its the cell phone tower network, and yes, that network is connected to the internet but the wallets run peer to peer, phone to phone. Two phones, one tower, you got bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-26 14:48:01
"leaked" ROFL !
@_date: 2015-01-01 21:34:27
Levitt gives himself away when he focuses on "payment system". Once a minion of the wealthy, powerful bankers, always a servant to them. Levitt is only concerned with the payment system for that is what threatens most, those that threaten him most, if he does not carry out their wishes.
@_date: 2015-01-24 20:36:25
The new Governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, he supported bitcoin by taking donations in bitcoin on his campaign website this past midterm elections cycle.
Abbott is the former ATTORNEY GENERAL of Texas and served in that position for 12 years.
He also made a nice video promoting bitcoin when he announced he would be taking bitcoin donations.
You can reach out to the campaign itself, to the director of campaign finance and tell them that Governor Abbotts cops are stealing people's bitcoin, or something to that effect.
Reach out through the campaign itself as they are very active still at this time and have the best lines of communication with Abbott and his transitional staff.
Find a writer in Austin that writes for one of the online tech publications, give them a chance to write an angle on it as Austin is the capital of Texas and the Governor's offices are there in Austin.
You won't find the link on Greg Abbott's website at this time to make a donation, (any donation, dollars or bitcoin), because the deadline to make donations to any Texas gubernatorial campaign has passed, but they haven't tied loose ends together very well, so this is always an opportunity to pry open a can of worms on his end.
What really happened here is your property was stolen from you by a man with a gun, a pirate, who also stole a commodity from you, an electronic commodity which if worth more than $500 would be a very serious felony crime.
@_date: 2015-01-24 21:04:03
After reading through some of the concerns in this thread we must remember that the Trezor was seized as EVIDENCE. Therefore both the physical device itself and any digital information on that device are now under the controls of the laws of evidence, and all laws and rules the courts maintain.
It cannot be seized as property to be forfeited because it now rests in the purvey of the court as evidence. It cannot be sold or transferred or held in any manner that is not consistent with the laws of evidence.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:29:20
Lesser of two evils?
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:43:10
Certainly you understand that the people that lobbied and influenced this legislator to write this legislation are the lobbyists and interests that the big venture capitalists employ, shouldn't it be obvious now that lobbyists that are paid for and supported by the big players in the industry are going to lobby for laws which secure the positions of those that butter their bread.
Same as it ever was.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:44:24
"I don't think". 'nuff said.
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:39:34
He got more than you.
@_date: 2015-01-24 20:51:36
That would be a very clever public relations resource, for sure.
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:04:47
Uncertainty is the worst rumor. Sell on uncertainty, buy on news.
@_date: 2015-01-03 09:38:49
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:15:53
Bill Gates, as a member of the wealthiest class of human beings on the planet is REQUIRED to play the terrorist card. These are not his thoughts on bitcoin/terrorism, he has been instructed, (he MUST say this), by the people who have much, much more money than Bill, but more importantly have REAL power, the power to fund big wars, and shit like that.
Bill is a really, really smart person, and you and I know, we KNOW that the bitcoin/terrorism comments are absurd, and Bill knows this as well. So why does he say it all the time?
Because Bill has been TOLD to say it, he has been ordered to say this by the most powerful people on the planet to which money doesn't matter, it's not about money ... that Bill bows to these people ... it's about POWER, and Bill is a smart guy, so he obeys.
Plus, it helps keep the price down, and Bill and his buddies would like nothing more than to buy it all up and control it, just like all the other bitcoin greedy pigs out there.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:28:57
Maybe they learned something BEFORE they chose to handle Schwartz the way they did ... and that's WHY they handled Schwartz the way they did.
Apologizing for the villains with hypothetical "hope" is a very dangerous place to be.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:21:10
You are being downvoted because you are asking good questions which force people to think, that is the only reason you are being downvoted. Most here and most who support this see the opportunity to manipulate the spot price of bitcoin and the exchange markets with paper, just like the gold and silver "paper" markets.
You question scares people who want in on the scam, who want the ability to get "on the boat", because they missed the first one. And those with large bitcoin holdings see the potential to scam those that get on "this boat", and they don't want people like YOU ... causing people to "think".
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:04:49
$1,000 in bitcoin campaign donations is very competitive with the top bitcoin accepting US politicians that ran in the 2014 midterm elections cycle.
@_date: 2015-05-21 05:48:06
I bet Perianne gets hired by Lawsky's firm ... maybe he'll pay her salary in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:32:57
Those who may have chosen to withdraw all of their BTC from Bitstamp would also have contributed, (potentially), to depressing the price as those persons would no longer be available to add trading volume to the exchange. As volume declines, generally, that is an indication that there is little support and during a decline in price this adds to the potential for a big selloff.
So those liquidating to fiat/cash, (selling hard), they are certainly the primary factor, a "bank run" of sorts ... and those withdrawing all of their BTC from Bitstamp simply then make less potential volume for trading available.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:45:05
Use their API to:
Download the latest data directly from our API, in JSON format.
Then write some code and hack that JSON data until you might be satisfied. Run a full node on a client, call to that client and compare your calls to the blockchain to their "Transparency Data", etc ...
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:12:03
This is what I figured was going to happen as we see major phone hardware producers involved in pre-series A VC financing of the venture. I posted, some time ago they would be making little chips to mine bitcoin in all the phones, of course, I'm a nobody so I got downvoted big time. Now some "somebody" posts what the principals in the company say, (which I guess long ago), and the thread gets upvoted to the moon.
Bitcoiners can be such assholes sometimes, so why shouldn't I be one too? Seems to be the trend.
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:50:11
While California has been favorable to bitcoin, Silicon Valley is very much a place of standardized VC influence and politics in California are deeply entrenched in the tech industry there overall. The VC and tech industry in California is nearly as bad as the cronyism, in some ways, you face in Washington and New York.
There are going to be States that provide GOOD regulatory environments without crony influence at the VC levels and at political levels, and those will be the best States of all to launch StartUps.
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:32:35
"Arbeit macht frei."
@_date: 2015-01-16 16:15:52
If Janssens has information that is evident, that Karpeles made death threats or is pre-meditating the murder of another, then Janssens' refusal to make that public to bring that to the attention of authorities is a very serious crime. One cannot use information about an impending assassination or homicide to intimidate, threaten or coerce another or to gain in any way from that information. In other words you cannot profit in any way through the use of information that will lead to a serious felony crime that is pending or has been pre-meditated.
Wait, let's back up, you cannot withhold information about a murder, threats of murder or pre-meditation to murder, at all, for any reason, it impedes a potential investigation into one of the most serious crimes one can commit, murder.
Janssens, under the law, is an accessory after the fact to the pre-meditation of murder, because he is impeding by withholding information which could lead to the apprehension of and prosecution of a homicidal person who has planned, or is planning a murder.
Let me say this clearly, one cannot with hold information from authorities that concerns a threat of murder, or a plan of murder, that would be a crime, the crime of accessory after the fact by impeding an investigation.
Threat of murder alone is a serious crime. You don't have to plan it or take action to pre-meditate in fact, just the threat of murder alone is a serious felony.
But, in today's culture with Hollywood churning out movies filled with torture, mutilation, murder, homicidal madness ... well, some people probably think all of this is real cool.
I think it's sick. 
It's the old "homicidal mania" game, with a large group of suckers lusting for "murder talk" and two wealthy people protected by lawyers baiting the suckers, giving them their homicidal fantasies, playing all the little bitches.
Bread and CIRCUSES ... and a little murder thrown in for flavor. Society, including bitcoin society, is fucking SICK.
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:39:02
We can see a bitcoin wallet address listed on the homepage of the digitalchamber.org, and that wallet address is for donations to support Perianne and her Digital Chamber of Congress, we can see 7+ bitcoin has already been donated to this address.
Your blind assumption that we "geniuses" don't know how to use blockchain.info to research a bitcon wallet address, is very disturbing, it really just makes me wonder what your political agenda really, really is as it concerns bitcoin.
For you to attempt to just really, blatantly lie, about the donations going to this effort, kind of makes me think you are either very, very young, and emotionally involved ... or crazy, or potentially both.
I mean really fella, blockchain don't lie.
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:44:27
There are 100 senators who are going to vote. Each one has a phone with a BitSIM in it. Each BitSIM manages a bitcoin wallet on that phone which has a send address that is registered with the sergeant at arms of the Senate. When votes are cast, only votes sent from the registered wallet addresses are valid, and if any address sends more than the required amount to cast a vote, that additional amount is ignored, (one vote per Senator). If no bitcoin is sent by any senator's address, then that senator by default abstains from voting.
Each issue upon which the senate votes has a "no address" and a "yes address", for each senator to vote into, to send bitcoin into.
Senators can then vote from anywhere in the world and no senator would ever be able to say they were not able to be in the senate chambers to vote, they would all have to vote, every single time, on every single piece of legislation, unless they abstained, and the only reason they would abstain would have to be a very good reason, and it would be rare for a senator to abstain and that would be carefully scrutinized.
Just my two bits.
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:37:54
This money, this money exchanged for real assets, real tangible assets, this money is literally printed out of thin air, it's created digitally on some bank's ledger. No work is done for this money, and a teeny, tiny amount of that printed money is then recuperated, BY THE BANKS ... in the form of taxes levied on people, by their governments, who are then functioning as strong arm men for these "loan sharks".
Again, the money is printed out of thin air. If the "Greek government" made up of people, human beings, was spending on "behalf" of the Greek people so much more money than they were taking in, in the form of taxes, and have now "bankrupted" Greece to the loan shark banks ... then perhaps one should blame the banks and their henchmen in governments, and not the people.
What I hear you saying is "WHIP the SLAVES" for their masters because the slaves should have some control over their masters ...
So what you are saying doesn't make any sense at all, and I suspect you are very, very young.
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:17:49
Mt. Gox CEO, Bitcoin Arrest in Japan
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:54:09
Yes, and while you wait to get your money refunded from a canceled buy order, they FLOAT your money among themselves and their banking partners, they use YOUR money. Money just doesn't "stop" being useful. They own your money while they manipulate the state of your money.
Theoretically, they could do this based upon some algorithm and float a very large sum of money and make money off that money, and then, maybe charge you the trade fee, or purchase fee whenever they feel like they might honor your buy order. So they'll float your money, and maybe honor your buy order if their trading algorithm says it was advantageous to their trading to honor your order at the original buy price. Of course, they'll have a customer service bot apologize profusely.
Coinbase brings nothing new to the game of trading, or banking because they are under the same regulatory gun, and worse, those who get favors and skirt the edges of regulation are in control, have captured the regulators so coinbase must play the game EXACTLY ... as they are told, or the big boys will bring the regulators THEY OWN, down on coinbase.
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:57:50
If he doesn't invite any women, (did Bruce invite any women to Satoshi roundtable?), if Branson makes it all male, that's a major, major fuck up.
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:49:32
My statement: 
Poor people DO NOT fund wars and global conflicts,
Your insults and ranting:
Taxes retard. The US specifically has a massive military budget that is funded from the 300 or so million citizens. From rich to the poor. Only those too poor to have anything to give can be suggested to be innocent of not funding wars or global conflicts. And that is literally because--they have no fucking money!
You understand that a large percentage of people DO NOT MAKE enough money to pay taxes, or get a complete refund. For the purposes of your argument you need for the reader to believe that EVERYBODY including the poor pay taxes.
Secondly, the majority of the budgets for the military are printed as paper dollars and issued as digital dollars into accounts. They ARE NOT generated through taxation.
So, your insult is clearly only in your diatribe to emotionally charge the reader, it's your anger/masturbation that you hope to get the circle jerk started.
The wealthy and the powerful CONTROL completely and totally the production of monies, and the TRILLIONS of dollars made available to the military each year.
So, I pity you that you type so much with such anger and vehemence and insult and you stand so incredibly wrong.
But, if you spoke truth, if you sincerely wrote from fact and truth you might be very effective, otherwise as it stands you are a tool of your anger and the spittle on your quivering lips.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:27:14
"What they really said:"
Bow down and obey the laws even if they are unjust and unconstitutional so we and our incredibly wealthy friends can get even more filthy rich than we already are, shut your little anarchist and liberty and freedom loving mouths, work your asses off and make us more rich. And IF you do that, we'll throw you a teeny, tiny portion of the profits we make, and maybe some wealth will trickle down to you after we burn you and buy you when you are broke and broken.
And when we and our investor friends rape your burnt little startups with our hostile acquisition monsters, take the job we offer, be grateful, shut your mouths, and code lots of profits for our incredibly wealthy friends.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:46:16
Thanks for reading and thanks for the tip. I tend to exist on this issue somewhere between Olivier and Cody Wilson.
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:04:46
AH! I get it, you are a comedian, I understand now. You get upvotes and you get respect from the community by insulting others from behind YOUR anonymity, I get it. I thought you were serious at first or drunk or smacked or something, but you spell and write too coherently, so you're a kind of reddit shock jock, I get it.
Keep the day job.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:35:35
You can also make multiple donations using bitcoin, each for $100, until you reach the legal limits for the primary and the general, unless, the system that Rand has in place records each donor in a database and then checks each donor for their aggregate limit in bitcoin, each and every time a donation is made.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:44:12
I meant exceeds yours and mine, and you know that, you're just throwing weak rhetoric as pretense to argument up in the air hoping the cats will bat at your fluff. So for sure, your IQ is definitely less than Gavin, ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:12:50
"Note: I totally expect the current Board members to try to place blame on me for whatever reason. They are very bad at taking personal responsibility. I have had several threats, but I'm releasing this anyway."
Lawyers are running the show and the most visible principles are in prison, or got away with BILLIONS in bitcoin they scammed or robbed.
Again, we appreciate your report, but no centralized authority EVER gave up power ... willingly. The only way to take down this huge eyesore, this festering sore in the butthole of bitcoin is to make war against this centralized organization.
The damage is done, the leech is firmly attached and its sucking sound is deafening.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:35:20
The truth will set you free. A lack of truth is bondage and the power that ties the binds tightly, rules in absolute immorality.
@_date: 2015-04-01 04:59:11
It's the other way around, racism and classicism are made applicable, real and tangible, (into believable propaganda), by vilifying, by making villains of the members of a race or a class by associating them with the evil of drugs, something tangible, something illegal so that the police and government enforcement agencies ... can make war upon the members of those races and classes. "War On Drugs" is a "War on People, (of races and classes who have been villainous through illegal drug propaganda)".
Other examples of "devices" that have been used to substantiate and perpetrate racism and classicism, I'm sure we can all think of many, illegal drugs are just one of those devices.
Races and classes must be made villainous in order to perpetrate racism and classicism and drugs is an excellent way to do that. Plus, the entities selling the drugs into those races and classes, (the racists and the classicists), they get filthy rich and can then support the policing and enforcement system and influence that system to then bring even greater harm to bear upon those races and classes they wish to attack and harm and exploit.
And, they get to IMPRISON the members of those races and classes and make MORE money from the prison industrial complex.
It's a chicken and egg question, which came first, racism and classicism, or drugs, I think the answer is obvious. Drugs are a tool to enable racism and classicism.
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:08:51
Which is exactly why the government, especially those branches of the government which are involved in the production and sale and provisioning for the tools of war, (one of the most lucrative and corrupt industries in the history of commerce, including the "Drug War"), will never, ever use bitcoin and will fight tooth and nail, with every resource they have to insure that ONLY the common folk use bitcoin, (and in as limited a manner as possible), so that the government can even more effectively then trace citizen's transactions and surveil the common revolutionary folk while the government will always work to enjoy the anonymity of secret transfers of money and the use of cash.
The only way to get government to use bitcoin would be to literally fight a revolution against the government and overthrow the government.
We can pussy foot around and make subtle innuendo and sly, wink-wink-nudge-nudge commentary or we can all realize that the government will oppose the use of bitcoin when it threatens to reveal the government's corruption.
And those actors in the government at top levels whose job it is to PRESERVE the opportunity for government corruption they have already figured all of this out. 
These people in government who maintain this corrupt system didn't get to where they are by being less smart than you and I.
And as we all know there is a HUGE amount of corruption in government, so, 1+1=2, Winston.
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:14:41
Yeah, the poor people run the drug rings, and it's just a few of them, a few poor people run the drug rings.
@_date: 2015-04-16 16:31:37
To make an application that utilizes the blockchain to carry out a vote is a lot of work. We can see how the Bitcoin Foundation attempted this with SWARM on counterparty, and they couldn't make it happen. So, importantly, it's a lot of work and most of the developers in the bitcoin/blockchain space, they don't care for governance or voting. Most of the developers in the bitcoin blockchain space have great disdain for "governance" both state governance and corporate governance and they've never paid much mind to it at all.
So we have pools of talented developers in the bitcoin/blockchain space, but they have very little experience with governance and to make an application that will work for a vote held by some governing body to make it work for that governing body requires deep communication with the governing body and bitcoin/blockchain developers hate that.
So right now, the development space for making voting applications that actually alpha, beta, release and then work well is asking a lot of the developers in this space.
Voting applications for serious votes are not just code, you have to roll that out to a very large population and train them to use that new voting method.
It's not just drive through, beep-beep, it's some serious architecture which includes dealing with lots of people at many different levels.
I personally think that most of the people who criticize those that want to develop blockchain voting applications just don't want to admit how much work it really is to do it and do it perfectly, and there's the hitch.
If you make a voting application with blockchain technology it must work perfectly, absolutely perfectly and there can be no avenue for criticism and "agile" developers are not keen on perfection.
@_date: 2015-04-11 05:12:49
Part of "propaganda", is that it is a machine and the cogs are ovals, they aren't round, the machine runs in waves, faster, then slower.
A good propaganda campaign that destroys the reputation of an individual, an idea, a product, etc ... it must first attack, and then RETREAT and build the product up, tout some good qualities, draw people in, get them looking at your campaign. Those on the fence or those with some critical thinking skills, you have to draw them in so that after some while, you can then get your attack message in front of them.
So you build it up, and then you say "wait, we were SO wrong, forgive us, it really sucks, it's horrible, they are badmen ... etc ..."
So the propagandist gains the positive regard of the audience because they "admit fault" and they do so while giving this opposing idea, a "fair shake".
Propaganda is an art, it's the art of deception, and you have to deceive people into thinking you are fair and balanced for your attack messages, at whatever point in the propaganda campaign they are then delivered, so that your attack messages are received by the audience when they have been "properly prepared".
This is very, very much like shearing sheep. Men learned to practice propaganda and deception on animals first, by husbanding them.
You SHEER THE SHEEP and you milk the goats and cows, and they come to trust you, you feed them, you stroke them, scratch them, make cooing, lovely dovey sounds to them, and give them special treats and they grow to trust you and then WHAM, you chop their head off ... and eat them.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:25:55
And so it begins, Elizabeth, if you are reading this, it will only get worse, get out while you can.
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:13:27
I hear your use of character attack, slander and childish name calling.
You and your rhetorical tactics are favored by many in this forum and that is sad because it truly damages bitcoin, but you know this and everybody else knows this as well and it is a good indicator that truly damaging idealism is a big part of the bitcoin community.
You want me to waste my time and energy arguing against some vacuous character attack and that's sad, that's lame.
@_date: 2015-04-01 04:46:35
The only cops that go to jail for stealing drug money, or stealing drugs, or committing crimes involving drugs is those that are CONVICTED, and the only ones that are convicted are those that are "brought to trial", and the only ones brought to trial are the ones who are "charged", and the only ones who are charged with a crime are those who are -- arrested --, and the only ones arrested for a crime are those cops that are -- investigated -- ...
And the only ones that go to jail are the ones who could not avoid all the steps in between, and those are the REAL IDIOTS who are a serious danger to the rest of the crooked cops, so they go to jail, so the other cops don't get caught.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:59:45
Yup. He's still on the bicycle!
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:42:54
Yeah, a big nasty stinky shitload of drama has spewed from the Bitcoin Foundation for a very long time. Some of the worst stains on the reputation of bitcoin have come directly from the "foundation". I wouldn't be surprised if more of them get taken down by the law, and Karpeles, he's just this big GIGANTIC criminal element that was deeply entwined in the Bitcoin Foundation, indeed Karpeles is instrumental in the founding precepts and actions of the foundation, so I would say yes, there is a gigantic amount of drama ASSociated with the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:51:29
You could falsify the information you are required to supply as a donor, and it would be a felony crime, a federal felony crime, but you could do it, and if the donation remains below $200, there's a good chance the campaign won't give a shit, and the FEC of course, they don't even know because the campaign doesn't have to report the donor information if the donation is below $200.
Some would say that my telling you how you could potentially falsify a campaign donation is a crime in and of itself, but small donations by the little people don't matter. Giant corporations are shoveling millions, tens of millions of dollars, even BILLIONS of dollars directly to candidates in large sums in absolute and complete violation of law, and they are doing that in many ways, (and not just during the election cycles), in cash, in-kind, through favors, etc..., etc..., the campaign finance system is totally and completely and absolutely broken, absolutely corrupted and absolutely criminal. But the laws only exist so that those who wrote the laws and enforce the laws can go after and damage those they do not wish to attain power.
All political candidates are constantly under the gun from campaign finance laws because the entire system is totally and completely corrupted and all of it is basically criminal, at every level.
For one person to falsify a donation report is a teeny, tiny, just minuscule portion of the MASSIVE crime that goes on in campaign finance. And everybody in Washington DC knows all of this, it's how the game is played. It's all crooked, all of it, and the little person's donations don't make any impact AT ALL, ZERO impact in the end game.
But, if somebody WANTED to impune the candidate and their campaign, then they might bring the law to bear upon some candidate and campaign, but ONLY if they have the HUGE money needed, to pay the lawyers and pay into the system to make that attack.
Every step of the way the entire system is totally and completely corrupted.
@_date: 2015-04-24 23:31:43
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:40:56
He's a local politician and is an elected member of his township/counties' legislative body. Milly likes to omit some things that Milly is certainly aware of, Milly, I think you are an asshole and full of shit for the most part as I have carefully read and studied much of what you have written in reply to me, and over the years in this forum and others.
Yo Milly, you like to game, you like to play that mind game, and you suck at it.
@_date: 2015-04-13 01:39:24
" It seems more like fake diplomatic alliances and political games, and geopolitical strategies."
No, and I understand completely both your reluctance to understand what it "really is", and your penchant for intellectualizing some rationalization for the invasion and destruction of an entire nation and the incredible brutality and evil on the part of the United States that was employed in this invasion and destruction.
It's murder, mass murder and theft, It's totally just murder, murder of children using bombs to blow their arms and legs off, murder of women using guns to shoot them and blast holes in their bodies and the murder of men, mass murder. 
MURDER for HUGE PROFIT and POWER.
The propaganda campaign was carried out by western media so that the military assets that committed these atrocities would be seen as heroes instead of murderers and that the invaded and murdered could then be LOOTED without reprisal from some other entity or military force.
It's about MURDER and PROFIT and nothing else.
There is no grand, fascinating, intellectual rationalization and all of that is just an effort to conceal and push away the incredible and terrific grotesque feelings one MIGHT be capable of having in reaction to these incredible acts of evil, and most importantly, to quell the desire in the masses to eradicate and destroy others who would do this type of thing, to fight this type of evil and injustice.
The propaganda campaign succeeds when we fail to tell others how incredibly horrible, evil and shameful these acts were, so the propaganda campaign was absolutely brilliant, it was not a small, trivial or trifling thing, it was sheer, magnificent EVIL BRILLIANCE.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:39:21
No, it's a sign he was planning to leave at the opportune moment. The lawyers in an organization know EVERYTHING, that's their job, that's what they are hired to do, to know ALL the secrets, all the flaws and to cover them up, that's what lawyers do.
He knew everything, and left when the shit hit the fan, like all lawyers do, because ... THEY KNOW EVERYTHING.
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:18:54
What makes you think they didn't, or don't?
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:28:47
One can select the $100 "campaign imposed" limit for a bitcoin donation, (or even the smallest donation amount, perhaps even a single penny, (other)), and when presented with the BitPay invoice that gives you the address to which to send the bitcoin, (to pay that invoice), you can then overpay that invoice. Any bitcoin sent, (an underpayment, or an overpayment sent to that address), well, it's a valid bitcoin address and it's going to be sent, and BitPay is going to receive that bitcoin payment. (In this case BitPay is the payment processor).
One could also make multiple donations in bitcoin of $100, (up to the total legal limit per campaign cycle), and the only way the campaign can deal with that in any way is if the donor information for each donation is stored in a database, and each and every donation is checked against a database and a running total for each and every entity is maintained, both a fiat total and an equivalent bitcoin value total, and then the appropriate code is written to check each donation against the database of donations made to date and reject those which might exceed a $100 bitcoin limit, or exceed the total amount limits imposed by the FEC.
And it gets even more complicated than that, but that's proprietary to bitpolitic.com and some people have already figured that stuff out, and more.
That contribution, whether it is overpayed or underpayed is still documented and the campaign -- IF and ONLY IF the donation exceeds $200, or the AGGREGATE amount of donations from that same entity exceeds $200 during that election cycle -- then and only then must the donation be reported to the FEC along with the donor's identifying information.
The treasurer of the campaign, or, the entity that is managing the bitcoin campaign donations application and strategy then receives an email from BitPay that the contribution amount was overpayed or underpayed and there is an option to then simply reply to that email saying that you wish to either accept the amount, (no matter if it is underpayed or overpayed), or you wish to refund all or some partial amount to the sender. But in order to refund that amount BitPay must have the identifying information of the donor, their name, at least their email address, or other contact information in order to send the bitcoin back to the donor, (to get an address from the donor at which they can then receive the refund), and BitPay will do that for you as BitPay then has custodial ownership of the private keys of any bitcoin donations that do not "clear" your account, that are held in lieu of resolving some issue like underpayment or overpayment of a donation.
So, if you make a donation to Rand Paul in bitcoin, and you OVERPAY the invoice, but the donor information you supply is false, (and that is a crime), then there is no way that the campaign could refund the balance of your donation, the overpaid portion.
So technically, one can indeed overpay an invoice and the campaign can then accept more than a $100's worth of bitcoin donation, thus exceeding their own campaign imposed limit. And nobody is going to know that except the campaign, the donor, and BitPay. If the donation is LESS than $200, even the FEC would not know that, (if the overpaid donation totaled greater than $100 and less than $200).
It is possible that BitPay has written some code since the end of the 2014 election cycle in which these 29 candidates for office took bitcoin donations:
It is possible that some upgrade to the BitPay system exists that ameliorates the overpayment and underpayment of donations, (to some degree), at the invoice payment stage but to my knowledge that does not yet exist.
There is a defining difference when doing eCommerce with any payment system when comparing the bitcoin payment system to other eCommerce payment methods or systems. All eCommerce payment systems are "pull" payment systems, (except for bitcoin, it is a push payment system), (and of course cash or check in person at the till, that's a push payment system, but that's not eCommerce). With a "push" payment system the incidence of underpayment or overpayment can be a problem, especially when the value of the payment token might fluctuate such that it breaks an upper or lower bound of value in the time allotted to pay, which is another kettle of fish I dealt with as bitpolitic.com clients faced that issue sometimes, (overpayment or underpayment due to value fluctuation boundary conditions).
And most importantly the FEC DOES NOT KNOW if you donated in bitcoin. Campaigns are not required to report to the FEC that the method of payment used was bitcoin, because it is considered an in-kind donation at this time.
And as to the argument or the presumption by many parties that the FEC has officially limited the amount of a bitcoin donation to $100, well, that's some bogus bullshit. If the FEC has imposed any definitions at all on bitcoin it is ONLY that it is an in-kind donation, and any in-kind donation can have value up to the TOTAL amount of dollars that are allowed as donation in any campaign or campaign's election cycle.
The FEC is only concerned with the AMOUNT of value in dollars the donation represents, that's all they care about. ... and campaigns are only required to report the donor information if the donation or aggregate donations from an individual exceed $200 in value.
As to the speculation that the FEC has imposed some hard limit on bitcoin contributions, (treating them as if they are cash), or has in writing or in some documented announcement formally limited donations to some amount if they are made in bitcoin is completely and absolutely false and totally in error.
@_date: 2015-04-02 04:23:14
A billionaire, a LIAR? OMG! What has the world come to?
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:44:21
Yup, we got scammed. We got promised transparency and limited power by these people, and the biggest scammer of them all, Mark Karpeles, King of the bitcoin scammers, responsible for the most grievous blow to the reputation of bitcoin, ever ... was at the top of the stack.
Total scam by a bunch of wanna be libertarian lawyers, scamming other libertarians and anarchists all of which are now, (including me), big suckers.
And it SUCKS and it is PAINFUL ... but it is the fucking truth and with courage and balls the size of red giant stars, you can accept it and move on, and maybe, maybe, bitcoin will survive this shithole craphouse scam job.
And if it was NOT a scam, then it was the most grotesque incompetence that is so horrible it can only be laughed at hysterically. AH AHA HA AHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!
@_date: 2015-04-15 02:12:48
Yeah, this is a good show, Olivier and the show participants, Stephanie, Andreas and Adam focus strongly on working on some scenarios to fund core development; how to pay core developers through fundraising where no centralized authority is remitted in power or control over bitcoin core development, and to avoid any semblance of impropriety at any step of the core development funding process.
Some third party trust, (trust service provider), seems to be the favored topic of conversation and crowdfunding that pays into that trust account seems to be the favored method under discussion. Transparency and accounting for donations and where they go is of great concern in the conversation as well.
For sure, make popcorn.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:30:24
Gavin is an ELECTED member of his township's/counties' legislature, he's a politician, you don't know SHIT about Gavin, you have a fantasy you want to believe, or, you are full of shit, distracting and fabricating, either way ...
And yes, I'm going to use strong language as this is some very, very serious shit for bitcoin.
As one of the experts in "bitcoin and politics" and having done a great deal of research on individuals involved in bitcoin at the higher levels as to their involvement in "politics", I would agree with you that getting distracted from one's primary focus and mission by politics can be damaging, especially to those entrusted with "core development", case in point, Garzik.
Garzik was want to "play politician" when Ploshay was assigned that role at BitPay, and some folks called him down on that and told him to focus on what he does best, sending bitcoin into "space", ahem.
So perhaps the primary missions and focus of some core devs of which you are aware are becoming more clear, padwan.
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:21:35
So MillyBitcoin, you seem to be ignorant of Gavin's bio and history, perhaps you should do some research on this core dev involved in bitcoin? I mean, that's a form of due diligence ... DOH ! ;-)
Or ... are you "playing dumb", it's so difficult to tell you with you sometimes ... Milly ...
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:37:27
Yes. The new governor of the state of Texas, Greg Abbott, he took donations in bitcoin in the 2014 election cycle. He was the Attorney General of Texas for 12 years before taking office as the governor of the state of Texas, so yes, it's legal because Greg ain't in jail and he ain't goin' to jail.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:48:03
Billions of people ... do not run ... their software as a matter of fact, so you are correct and that premise is upheld by a tremendous majority of all the human beings on the planet.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:43:51
They lived the high life and stuffed their guts with filet mignon while rubbing shoulders with some very wealthy people, they picked up the tab on fancy, expensive liquors and probably drank away a considerable portion of that money.
As somebody else said they lived the "convention" life style, really, they just suckered the SHIT out their membership and got fat salaries and all expenses, what else would we expect from a foundation run by FUCKING LAWYERS !
GRASSROOTS ??? Hell fucking no ! Wanna be lobbyists? BINGO !
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:38:09
Elizabeth is an extremely dedicated person, she's like the best, best friend that one might possibly ever ask for. Her work with bitpolitic, one on one, supporting efforts to startup "the bitpolitc" in the last election cycle was admirable and personable and business like and she is tenacious and she's above all NOT a quitter, and that can be to her downfall as the "Bitcoin Foundation" bullshit ... hits the fucking fan.
The Bitcoin Foundation is not made up of honest, sweet and kind and spiritually good people, it's made up of assholes, and a lot of lawyer assholes and a lot of predatory business type assholes, and we all know this as their shit is blasted now all over bitcoin.
To disengage and walk away from things is sometimes necessary, it's a part of the human condition that some of us don't yet understand or want to understand, and it is a skill to know when one must disengage and walk away, a skill most young people have not had time to develop and even that some of us older people are still working on.
So if some friends and colleagues of Elizabeth could reach out to her and warn her sincerely about what is going to happen, the inevitable that we all know is going to happen, so as to get her protected and out of the way and moving on to bigger and better things as she is doing, so that, she can come back around and make full circle when the time is right without having to circle AROUND some of the pitfalls.
@_date: 2015-04-01 04:48:49
Bill Gates and Microsoft sold, and continue to sell, a GIGANTIC amount of software to the US military and to the US government, STOP SMOKING DRUGS.
@_date: 2015-04-15 23:13:31
Day late, dollah shawt. 
Bitch go broke, bitch be all like ... 's all 'dem dawg's fault, me I should'a said somethin' but I was like all ... tryin' tah keep it on the downlow, fo real ... cuz' I'm jus' a lovah, not a hatuh ... fo sho.
@_date: 2015-04-06 04:29:41
My great-grandfather was a lawyer, my grandfather was a lawyer, my father was/is a lawyer, my mate of 13 years was a lawyer, my step-mother was a lawyer. I worked for lawyers as a clerk, as a researcher and as an Information Technology consultant. I hung out with lawyers, my best friend in high school became a famous lawyer, (famous among lawyers, a really dirty and vicious fucker).
Lawyers know EVERYTHING about a client, if they don't, they dump their client, if there is enough money involved they hire a PI to find out. Lawyers cannot afford, EVER, to be ignorant about anything that concerns their client.
Lawyers who don't know everything about their clients ... lose. So, lawyers make it a standard operating procedure to at LEAST know more than everybody else.
Again, a lawyer who doesn't know everything about a client that retains him to be "general counsel", should be fired, and should be recognized as incompetent.
Lawyers don't get sympathy, because having sympathy for your lawyer is just a good formula for getting FUCKED by EVERYBODY ... now.
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:40:21
Mr. Armstrong, if you seriously believe that anything that happens on reddit can be considered as data that has an application in business, that it is data that can be analyzed for business purposes ... I mean, WTF dude? This is reddit.
But that you would come here expecting really serious, talented programmers to be hanging out here waiting with baited breath to jump on your hackathon, I mean ROFL dude, I'm laughing, I'm really, really laughing.
If this is all you got to pitch your hackathon, WTF are you doing with the many millions of dollars that you've gotten in VC funds?
Perhaps Terpin could help you out for a few tens of thousands of dollars, you know, advertising ain't free, ain't NO FREE LUNCH young man. :)
What I suspect is you've pissed off REDDIT itself, either the mods, a group of mods, or some of the principals involved in reddit ... and you are unable to generate the perspectives needed to analyze this at any level. It's hard to see through big stacks of hundred dollar bills, real hard. But you'll figure that out once it's all burned up.
@_date: 2015-04-06 06:22:28
Interesting to me the convergence of many events in the "bitcoin ecosystem" at this time. The DEA and the SS agent having the charges against them in the "Silk Road" corruption case revealed, Charlie actually physically going to jail, Russ's sentencing looming, (but now the big fed corruption thing), and of course Olivier's "official" expose' on bitcoin foundation. Karpeles revealing screenshots of what he says are feds playing corrupt games ...
Seems like a lot of big, moist, soft, stinky turds hitting the big, heavy, fast spinning blades of a giant fan all at once, it's like a big enema for bitcoin, maybe. And main stream media of course, they don't give a flying fuck anymore, bitcoin for them is pretty much totally yesterday.
And I hear you OP, some of us who have stepped back from the pom-pom shaking and "change the world" mantra's might have some good perspective at this juncture, and you're right, many fewer than were supportive and cheering when bitcoin hit $1,000 are now not giving many shits at all.
Of note as well was a very, very weak Texas Bitcoin Conference which was dominated by Factcom and basically the entire conference was used to promote their token pre-sale, and it looks like insiders are propping that up to make daily milestones so the media grinder can poke the monkey. And even though the governor of Texas, the new governor, he supports bitcoin and took donations in bitcoin on his website but I'm not aware of any outreach to his offices to get him or some representative to attend. The only governor of any State in the entire union of States that has owned and has used and still owns and uses ... bitcoin. He even made a commercial promoting bitcoin for YouTube, a good one, but TBC ... no outreach, so I really see the big bitcoin supporters withdrawing from any outreach at all to main stream, at any level, which shows me a real lack of energy by the core supporters.
Meanwhile, groups that operate under the radar and in very secretive ways, basically bitcoin advocacy groups, (and individuals that lead "groups"), that espouse their credentials as educators for elected officials and policy makers, law makers and unelected regulators, (basically these people are unregistered lobbyists), their lack of transparency is now a standard operating procedure, no telling what the fuck they are doing under the covers with whatever government whores and shills ...
@_date: 2015-04-04 06:30:28
But you will admit that you are simply an asshole, a competent and correct asshole of course, who makes character attacks and provides no substantive argument. You're just here to use others as emotional punching bags, to anonymously insult and attempt to anger others ... this is like your psychotherapy, and it's free, am I right?
You are very much like those famous black guys that were kind of pre-rapper guys, who would stand in front of an audience and insult each other's mothers, pretending they got angry ... kind of like championship wrestling yeah? But you are so much smarter, so much more clever, so literary, just a giant intellect toying with others who are nowhere near your match, your narcissism is absolute, your neurosis frank and clinical.
Do you wear pink silk wrestler tights while you sit at your computer and hurl insult and invective at strangers? Anyway ... back to the real point ...
For sure, you are an asshole and you feel ENTITLED to be an asshole. You are an entitled asshole pretending to be a libertarian but probably a coked up, methed out liberal bitch hole pissed Obama sold you down the river and suckered you good, right?
And you are probably pretty smart but you blame everything on others so you feel entitled to be angry at everybody. And when you see somebody really digging into the psychological side of humanity, it infuriates you, you blow up ... because you cannot understand other people at that level, because you are a sociopath ... an asshole ... you cannot empathize with others, you are mentally defective in that you are unable to empathize with others, to understand how others might feel ... so you pose as a big, mean, aggressive ... asshole and spew shit out on other people, and that makes you feel good, but it's an illness, and you know it, and that makes you feel bad, it's a cycle for you, round and round you go ... round and round the puckered little life you live, your asshole life, and we feel you, we feel sorry for you and hope you get better.
Can I suggest martial arts, or yoga, or some serious weight lifting or maybe some good psychotropic drugs? I mean, all of us here want to help you with this anger thing, this striking out thing at strangers, it's a mental disorder and can turn into a serious illness, and we don't want that to happen to you.
I understand it's real popular, but championship wrestling and "dis contests" were real popular with the "lower mental ranks" as well, and that's who you play to, the "lessers", and maybe you are KING of the "lessers", the smartest banana on the stupid stick kind of thing.
But really, we all love you here and we want to help you, we want to help you understand ... bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:19:08
Ok, so coinbase has $30M in VC funds, so perhaps a company, a startup that launched, and then convinced members of congress and members of state legislatures to draft legislation amending current voting law and regulation to then make the integration of blockchain technology into electronic voting required ... and convinced congress and state legislatures, (lobbied them), to fund and design training and roll out programs for the new technology, perhaps a company like this might only needs $10M in startup funds, to start, and because it is such an awesome idea, (and it is), state legislatures and the US congress, and hell, the president of the United States and all the governors are going to shower this startup company with hundreds of millions of dollars to implement and manage the rollout of this new blockchain voting system.
And I'm talking about the end game, where bitcoiners really want things to go, not just some small corporation having their votes cast on a blockchain enabled voting system.
Even for a medium sized city, the cost and the required manpower to rollout a system like this to handle all of the governance voting in a small city cost a HUGE amount of money, and it is incredibly disruptive to the social fabric of the city, and that costs more money in the end equation.
The actual writing of this perfect blockchain voting application might be the least challenging part of a project like this.
We bitcoiners, we tend to think that if an idea is good, and just, and good for mankind that it is going to be easy to do, because so many people will see the beauty of it and will just "do it", but that's the exact opposite of how humanity works, the exact opposite.
The majority of the most powerful actors in human society are always working as hard as they can to PRESERVE the status quo, and prevent change at all costs, they want to preserve the current system because it's the one they built ... to attain and maintain power, wealth and control.
Again, the actual writing of the software and the herculean effort to then recreate and remake voting systems with the blockchain technology might be the least challenging part of a project like this, and at any scope.
@_date: 2015-04-22 11:45:12
Get your pom-pom's out, jump up and down ! Cheer and rah, rah ...
Look up with large, round eyes filled with moisture, mouth slightly hanging open ... Be mind blown and enchanted ... say only good things ... or get downvoted.
Don't doubt the dream, don't rock the boat ... support and worship ... or get downvoted.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:41:00
Let's hope they paid their lobbyists and didn't leave them holding the bag because when you do that to a lobbying firm, they fucking destroy your reputation with the very people you paid them to build a reputation with ... they're vicious as hell.
And lobbyists in general, when they work for some concern that then fucks up big time and gets that black eye, the lobbyists drag your ass through the mud as damage control so THEY don't look bad having represented you.
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:55:49
Sometimes the most dangerous situations are in plain sight.
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:49:14
In order for the FEC to require that the donor information be reported AT ALL, the donation must exceed $200.
The FEC and all the politicians, they ALL KNOW that illegal campaign contributions come in to candidates in small amounts, from all over the world, and THEY DON'T CARE, because the only contributions that matter are the PAC monies as they are literally hundreds, HUNDREDS of MILLIONS of dollars that are spent "on behalf" of a candidate or to support a candidate.
All of the contributions from all of the individuals contributing monies below the $200 threshold are not a concern to the FEC or any regulatory body, they just don't matter, at all to them. They don't care.
If, by some incredible long shot Rand Paul gets the nomination, and then stands to win the presidency, there are a LOT more damaging things that will be done to him than the accusation that he accepted a little illegal bitcoin.
And yes, it is potentially easier to make small, illegal bitcoin donations, but THEY DON'T MATTER and nobody gives a fuck about them.
The campaign finance criminals in Washington, for them, this is like a joke to tell at lunch, and they laugh, they laugh LOUD ... because they know the real truth about campaign finance, and they want YOU ... not to know. And they laugh.
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:17:16
When Greg Abbott won the governor's seat in Texas, one of the wealthiest and most powerful state's in the union, and he did that while taking donations in bitcoin, even made a nice YouTube video promoting and supporting bitcoin ... bitcoiners said almost NOTHING.
Abbot, the GOVERNOR OF TEXAS, he's a political bitcoin pioneer, and he WON HIS RACE.
Get this, the seated governor of one of the most powerful and one of the wealthiest state's in the entire United States, he supports bitcoin, he took donations in bitcoin and he WON HIS RACE, and bitcoiners stuck their fingers up their noses and said ... "Here, looky mah cool booger ..." Some of them even stuck their fingers up their ASSES and said, "Who is Greg Abbott?".
And when Rand Paul does not get the nomination at the RNC, or drops out before the RNC, how will history remember the "first presidential candidate" to accept bitcoin donations and how will that reflect on bitcoin?
The odds of Rand Paul getting the nomination and then winning the presidency are very, very slim, and everybody knows that. But the bitcoin community is going to trumpet and herald him as some sort of bitcoin pioneer, some sort of hero.
The likely ticket nominated at the RNC will be Bush/Cruz, that's what the global powers and the wealthiest and most powerful people in the world want, and they'll get what they want.
It is even more likely that a democrat will win the presidential election, because that's what the wealthy and the powerful want, and they'll get what they want.
Bitcoiners, so fickle, hero of the day like an old yellow comic book page discarded in the gutter, hurts to be fifty-one.
@_date: 2015-04-12 06:07:13
Take a look at the recent history of Libya, specifically at Muammar Gaddafi, Libya's democratically elected president. If you read the news articles that preceded by some years the invasion and destruction of Libya, (mass murder of children, women and men), by NATO, the US and allied forces ... you'll see that Obama and others at the UN were very positive about Libya and Gaddafi, they loved him and lauded him for giving up all of his nuclear weapons technologies and chemical and biological weapons technologies. Rumsfeld visited him, shook his hand in photo ops and was very positive about progress they were making with Gaddafi ... and then they they MURDERED his grandson, (a US citizen), in cold blood with a drone bomb, and then murdered Gaddafi, and had operatives drag him around the streets and stick a hot poker up his anus.
So, that's an example of where the global press and the US and European press participated in a campaign to disarm and then laud the democratically elected president of nation, and then go from there to mass murder and cold blooded murder and sodomistic torture.
Is that a good enough example? ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:25:10
"right now" doesn't mean shit, and you know that. "right now" is a distraction, and that's all it is and it is a weak one sir.
@_date: 2015-04-04 06:46:41
Gavin is one smart motherfucker, he knew about all this. Don't underestimate Gavin for us, Gavin has shown very poor judgement in hanging out with some of the biggest scammers and creeps in the entire bitcoin space that make up the legacy of the Bitcoin Foundation.
Everybody in the Bitcoin Foundation that is at the top SHOULD HAVE KNOWN or did know about what is basically now a big scam.
Although we thank you for your report on all of this, some of us knew about these things WAY BEFORE you. And we spoke out and got shit on, and got pissed on. Ain't much shit and piss left to trickle down on you, day late and a dollah shawt, but you got that green and folks will listen, so good on you.
And I hope Elizabeth, somebody gets to her and talks some sense to her and she resigns before its too late. If there was anybody at the top who really didn't understand what was going on, because they were not old enough or experienced enough, or slimy enough, it's Elizabeth and she's poured her heart into it, selflessly and now she's swept away with marriage plans and she can't keep up with all this high school drama bullshit.
Elizabeth is the one that needs to be protected and shielded from this gigantic shit hole called "Bitcoin Foundation".
I mean, for FUCK'S sake, Karpeles the biggest nastiest scammer of them all was right at the top, calling the shots for quite a while. The foundation of the entire organization is built on scamming assholes. Keepin' it real. Lawyer's everywhere screwing up the direction of a board, as usual, lawyers make the WORST directors, CEO, managers, etc ... and that's what we have is a bunch of libertarian lawyers fucking shit up BAD.
And thanks for your report, but if you want to be a "star", Mr. Anarchy, you need to lay it out for real, and quit pussy footing around the ones you want to preserve, like Gavin.
Again, Gavin has an IQ that exceeds most and he's extremely clever and he's well educated. If he didn't know all of this, if he didn't perpetuate all of this tacitly at the very least, (unlike Elizabeth), then we all misjudged his intellect and ability.
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:34:28
Bruce, it doesn't matter if there is any evidence, none of that matters. You are attempting to be practical or pragmatic or fatherly or fair, and that's an absurd approach within this environment.
Your voice here in this thread is alike a big, sore, thumb, totally out of place.
You don't understand the social dynamic that is in play here. People ripped off by GOX and Mark, they were IN THE GAME to get ripped off before you ever appeared on the stage ... they were the ones at bitcointalk organizing the first steps towards a bitcoin foundation. You're clueless Bruce, and it shows.
Many of the people commenting in this thread have been into bitcoin for much, much longer than you, (and me), and they know these people much better than you.
Your blind support for those involved in the Bitcoin Foundation is going to cost you, don't be blind young man, take your lessons in the basics of human nature more seriously lest you be tarred and feathered with the brushes swinging wildly and hot in this thread and the coming threads on these issues.
You are in a website full of anarchists, smart ones, and they see through this sort of cliquish and "brotherly support", they see through it with great ease.
Step back Bruce, or step squarely IN IT. Sure, this is your chance to ascend through the smoldering ruins that will surely come, but ascend to what?
@_date: 2015-03-17 07:50:34
No, in a company this size, the training cost for your human resources is significant. You can't just rollout a new payment system without training across nearly every department, and training is one of the most significant expenses in a business because it is a human resources expense.
It's not just the expense of the coders in your IT department to write the code ... that's like some ... Disney movie?
Bitcoiners need to get over this fallacious thinking that bitcoin is free or cheap, that is hurting bitcoin big time.
New technologies are EXPENSIVE because they are new ...
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:30:58
@_date: 2015-04-19 17:30:57
Neither do they. But they have a HUGE pile of money, to do it with. It's a VC party, bragging rights.
@_date: 2015-03-17 05:14:44
"ripple" was one of the very first, mass produced and mass marketed, fortified and flavored "wines" with added sugar and high fructose corn syrup and had absolutely NO grape content at all. And it would get you drunk very, very fast and leave you with a very nasty hangover. It was very, very inexpensive.
Getting "puke drunk" on ripple was a favorite pastime of many of my friends in high school.
The analogues parallels are just too funny to ignore.
@_date: 2015-03-02 17:09:04
Long story short, coinbase will decide how you may and may not use your bitcoin, (when using their services). Give them the private keys to your bitcoin, the bitcoin is then THEIR bitcoin and under their control. 
I would think this should be totally and absolutely crystal clear by this time.
Many newcomers into the bitcoin game automatically assume that any bitcoin business, (like coinbase), is going to supply them with the freedom and liberty and the protection from "the banks" that they wish, and which is probably one of the primary reasons they were attracted to bitcoin in the first place.
The two coinbase guys went full blown regulation, and they got the big VC bucks for that, they are happy as SHIT, some of their customers and potential customers are not, some are confused and coinbase certainly depends on any misconception that then drives liberty and freedom loving customers their way.
Coinbase, IMHO, is just another highly regulated "banking type ... money transfer business", just a rose by any other name, and pretty much owned and pawned by the very system that bitcoin was supposed to have supplanted to some degree to ameliorate the controls and regulations placed on average citizens as they attempt to exercise their money, value and wealth.
Coinbase completely and totally "bowed down", they start as a pawn only hoping to make it to the other side of the board and exchange for a queen, a very far fetched and statistically improbable strategy. But, they get to burn through that $30 million in VC money and get really nice salaries while they are bowing down and playing nice with the regulators who literally want to control them completely and totally.
But hey, it's THEIR business, they can do with it whatever they wish, and if they have your bitcoin private keys, likewise, they can do with your bitcoin whatever they wish.
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:15:24
"The government hates competition." ~ Dr. Ron Paul
@_date: 2015-03-15 01:55:00
WHY DOESN'T THIS HAVE MORE UPVOTES ! ! ! ? ? ?
@_date: 2015-03-13 01:02:07
Thank you, you gave me a good chuckle there and ... it's true. Young people generally have very little perspective, unless it is the great, awesome, epic and "rad" idea that THEY thought up ... first. Fuck that old dude, (unless he has a bunch of money) ... "I'm the shit ...", but you know that.
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:12:38
I see a very old, tired, sick man who is frightened that the power the he wields, the power to take your privacy from you is threatened.
Again, he is an old, tired and sick man who is very worried that his power is threatened.
And he is incredibly ignorant considering the position he holds. WHY would he be selected to hold that position while being so incredibly ignorant?
WHO made the decision to put him on the front of the boat? Who benefits from having this mind blowingly ignorant man in charge of Homeland Security's funding?
What's the game? What role does this ignorant fill?
@_date: 2015-03-30 00:06:18
Great mathematicians have consistently been imprisoned or enslaved, or tortured and murdered, (silenced), by organized religion and by the state up until sometime around the early 1700's. The more widespread mathematical knowledge has become the less the state and the church attack the mathematician and the more they can then only attack math itself.
When the state and the church do not have control over math, or control over its use and application, when math threatens the power of the state we can truly begin to see the psychosis, the absolute insanity of the state, the church, and the people who practice and support those two entities.
@_date: 2015-03-21 02:35:20
When the government can confiscate private property without due process, and then sell that property to private individuals in an auction where the public will then not be allowed to know how much of the public's tax dollars were used to facilitate the auction, and then how much the auctioned/confiscated property generated in funds ...
That's a recipe for GIGANTIC government corruption, anybody who does not see this, (because most of you here are pretty smart), anybody who does not see this needs to LAY OFF THE DRUGS ... or ... you're probably a fascist and don't know it, either way, yer fucked. Alternatively you might want to bid on those bitcoin and work out a sweet deal under the table with the government, in other words, you are a criminal scumbag. Really, those are the only reasons I can think of where a person would want this information kept secret.
And of course the government itself has many, MANY reasons for wanting to keep secrets ... from you.
@_date: 2015-03-17 05:07:45
I would say that the title of your OP is extremely accurate, they did indeed, in every way conceivable commit a felony theft against you. But of course, they have every excuse they can put forth as the reason they do this, because they are "compliant". Compliance, regulatory compliance is simply tyranny that can be exercised against individuals by corporations who have the backing and support of the government's regulatory bodies.
It sucks, I'm sorry this happened to you. This will continue to happen to many, many people in the bitcoin ecosystem and just ONE person, is far, far too many.
This is the kind of thing that destroys bitcoin, and it is compliance and regulatory excuse which will damage bitcoin more than anything.
And we see the wealthiest and most powerful people in the bitcoin industry supporting and paying some of the brighter stars in the bitcoin ecosystem to go to Washington DC and "make deals" with the regulators and the government, the same people who run the criminal banks.
I'm too damn old to watch this and then say "told ya so", but it's really the only choice I have. It's sad.
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:49:58
How much money would the US government have to invest, BUYING bitcoin to either drive the price up or support any upward movement, in order to have a higher spot price then available ... for this auction.
It is in the best interests of the US government in the short term to support any upward price trend or create one with the PURE PROFITS they enjoy from the first auctions.
@_date: 2015-03-11 05:06:21
Generally, people are lazy assholes. Nobody wants to give you credit, because they are selfish, pompous assholes. Never forget, generally speaking, people are selfish assholes that practice deception and destruction.
@_date: 2015-03-25 00:42:55
"Obviously" LOL !
@_date: 2015-03-11 11:29:47
Where were you during the last election cycle here in the US?
I got spit on and pissed on all the time because I was encouraging politicians to take donations in bitcoin. Many bitcoiners are selfish pigs, that's really what it's about, many are greedy, selfish little piggies. They get some whiff of power and they want to exclude some groups from sharing in that good thing, in that power.
Bitcoiners are NOT the good guys simply because they support bitcoin, they are just another group of human beings, and that is all.
Generally speaking bitcoiners are extremely elitist and exclusionary and very conceited, quite arrogant really. And that's how the rest of the world perceives bitcoiners. Don't matter if they really are or are not, that's how the WORLD sees bitcoiners for the most part, and that's what counts.
@_date: 2015-03-13 00:58:38
The cooling solution will have to be the most advanced space based cooling system ever developed, and that will be very heavy as well. The development of the cooling system alone, in a package, at a weight that can accompany the ASIC miners, just the cooling system alone will be worth a lot of money and will be a huge advance in space based cooling technology.
It's not clear if these orbit based nodes will be miners, but if they are, the above certainly applies.
@_date: 2015-02-01 00:14:27
BEST ! :-)
@_date: 2015-03-23 03:46:08
And something else to consider, perhaps, the bankers, the warmakers and the controllers of the trillion dollar per year global illegal drug trade ... don't want the competition.
They are making HUGE amounts of profit using fiat, paper currencies in their illegal markets, laundering money, etc ... perhaps they just don't want the competition that something like bitcoin represents to potentially cut into their profits, or more importantly, as you say, to expose their operations.
@_date: 2015-02-17 12:01:13
The ULTRA RICH will save all the poor people ! 
~ P.T. Barnum
@_date: 2015-02-05 23:21:45
It is much more important and pertinent to ask WHERE these questions or observations of this type might take us.
How much money did the bankers who DID NOT GO TO JAIL make from the LIBOR conspiracy, the Credit Default Swap price setting collusion and conspiracy, the 2008 crash, etc..., etc..., ...
How much money did those who did NOT got to jail make?
And how do they intend to protect their ability to make these gigantic amounts of money from this type of criminal activity? First of all they need to burn a few small fries, small fries USING DOLLARS and fiat currencies.
They don't want bitcoin getting in the way of their HUGE piles of illegally and criminally generated monies.
GET OUT OF THEIR BOX ! ! !
The bankers and their operatives have created the laws of regulation so that they can send a very few to jail while the majority make HUGE amounts of money.
Get OUT of the box, their box. 
The do not WANT, they cannot ALLOW the COMPETITION to their criminal activities, the disruption of the criminal activities that is represented by ANY CHANGE AT ALL, especially one as significant as bitcoin.
None of any of this has anything to do with how bitcoin is used legally, or illegally, that's THEIR BOX, get out of that box to see why they do not want bitcoin.
They do not want COMPETITION within their criminal models. They don't care if bitcoin is a BETTER fungible unit with which to commit crime, they already have an EXCELLENT criminal system, they don't want it messed with.
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:23:18
The prohibitive expense of outfitting the sats with the number of solar panels required to power miners in space is a teeny, tiny problematic solution when compared to how much power and weight would be required to cool the miners in space. And to cool them would require a revolutionary breakthrough in space based cooling technology.
I don't see healthy critical thinking at any step in this entire project. Live the fantasy though, throw your money at it, it's better than buying crack.
@_date: 2015-02-15 06:27:41
Cody makes a hell of a lot of sense. Bruce, don't waste your time with this bullshit.
@_date: 2015-03-23 03:40:09
This is so painfully obvious to me and has been for so long. They are TERRIFIED of blockchain technology, they ... the big banks, government, CRIMINALS laundering billions of illegal drug and black market monies.
The wealthiest and the most powerful people on the planet DID NOT get where they are by selling candy in the park to children. They got there by funding WARS, that is the most profitable business model that mankind has EVER KNOWN. And the second most profitable is DRUGS, and that's why drugs are illegal because they are much, much more profitable when the wealthy and the powerful control them and their illegal black markets.
Poor people DO NOT fund wars and global conflicts, poor people DO NOT control the multi-billion dollar illegal drug trade, point of fact, the wealthiest and most powerful people on the planet control these things.
And they see the blockchain ledger as TERRIFYING because all of these things revolve around the most anonymous source of liquid funding ever available in the history of mankind, paper cash, and DIGITAL paper cash.
@_date: 2015-03-11 04:37:26
Hundreds of millions of phones mining a custom cryptocurrency, (blockchain), for qualcomm? A specialized chip built into all qualcomm phones, comes with a wallet pre-installed? Then everything that bitcoin can do a qualcomm phone can do ... better?
@_date: 2015-02-21 18:34:28
There is much more bitcoin/money to be made manipulating the market with FUD, than actually exposing the winkies to the risk, of actually opening the ETF.
Why risk all that money, and work so hard, when you can just FUD the market with news about the ETF?