@_author: cryptonumismatist
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:00:09
Hello, 
Your attempts at damage control are embarrassing. No rational person buys the 'cold storage' argument for the safekeeping of funds because if it was true you would clearly indicate it in some way or notify the user via email that the dormant status was occurring. Even the jankiest of forums provide such notifications. If you have the technical capability to make a real time trading platform then surely you would have these features as a matter of course, since you have other types of notifications. Practically every financial company emails monthly statements of activity to their users at a minimum. You are hoping that users forget the amounts of funds in their accounts. Furthermore, you have not been able to address the disappearance of the transaction logs, which, conveniently for you, is the only way to prove how much you have stolen.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:32:19
They are 100% to blame as they purport themselves to be a reputable company on their website. Should they update their terms to reflect their 'policy' of stealing and pretending they are doing customers a favor? They have not explained why they show zero balance, forcing you to manually dig through transaction logs, or why they erase transaction logs once brought to their attention. I knew they were shady but not on this level. 
Did you happen to read that joke of a response by the CTO? He's hardly literate.
As someone who got into this to play around with cryptocurrencies and see how they operate, this experience has completely convinced me that these currencies and and the infrastructure are not even remotely viable in their current form. It's not a technological problem, it's a cultural problem with people like you who think it is unacceptable to call out bad actors.
@_date: 2015-03-25 20:48:50
If you want to make legal argument, you need to try harder. You may notice that real companies actually define their terms in their TOS with clarity. This TOS does not define the term 'cold storage'. No reasonable person would consider a definition of 'cold storage' to mean 'your account has a zero balance for no obvious reason with no notification of going into a dormant state and you better dig through the user interface to find transactions logs to support an email that you must physically type up, and you better take screenshots of it all to make sure they actually give you their stuff because they will delete the logs'. It would never hold up in court and you're only showing your ignorance. Why do you think real companies' TOS are dozens to hundreds of pages long? 
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:55:10
Ok. I would still like a technical explanation of why the Transfer Out records have been wiped because I'm inclined to believe a human went and dropped the records. The screenshot I took is now the only evidence, and the original timestamps (that are no longer live in my account page) suggest a human manually transferred the amounts out given they would be much tighter if a computer did it.
@_date: 2015-03-25 15:58:17
The amount of money we're talking here is nothing dude. I mined the coins on like day 2 of dogecoin for lulz and forgot about them for over a year. But hey, this company is in the sidebar of all the crypto reddits and the purpose is to warn people of these people. There is no reason the crypto community should tolerate these garbage companies and practices. There is no reason people shouldn't be able to leave money in exchanges. Get real.
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:07:40
Removal of transaction logs is anything but common practice and is actually the biggest red flag. In fact there are legal requirements to retain transaction logs in almost every sector.


TOS are not a license to steal and there is plenty of legal precedent invalidating their obfuscated claims in various courts, as you may soon find out. What is a 'TOS of a service' anyway? Clearly you are running a fly by night operation with that atrocious response by your CTO and now this.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:59:18
All I want is a technical explanation of why the Transfer Out records have now been deleted since bringing attention to this, and why a zero balance was indicated in the first place.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:29:28
OP here. I edited the OP to reflect the fact that they have wiped my Transfers Out history. That's fucking sketchy.
@_date: 2015-03-25 15:15:54
I sent you a PM with the ticket number requesting a technical explanation of why the transaction logs have disappeared.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:42:57
Ok. Why is there NO INDICATION whatsoever anywhere on your site that this is the case, or any sort of EMAIL notification that the coins are being moved or that one needs to come and verify account status. All this can be done automatically and easily. There are much more difficult parts of your infrastructure. Please explain why you show a ZERO balance when you take my coins for my 'convenience'.
Additionally, why has the Transfers Out page been wiped of records?
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:29:02
OP here. I edited the OP to reflect the fact that they have wiped my Transfers Out history. That's fucking sketchy and beyond a customer service issue.
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:48:28
There is no 'cold storage'. They have no cold storage policy dude, otherwise they would say so on their site or show a 'cold storage' balance. That's just what they claim when you point out that your coins are gone. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:20:42


It is clear that you have structured your terms and mechanisms of 'dormant accounts' to provide plausible deniability in the event that an infrequent user actually remembers their account and notices that they have ZERO balance. 
In my case, I have already removed all funds from the account due to the extremely unprofessional responses by several employees of your company in this thread. Again, removal of the transaction logs and failing to adequately explain it is extremely suspicious, especially since they are the only recourse to reclaiming funds.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:16:39
You mean weak attempts at damage control when called out for stealing. They have been unable to provide even made up explanations for the zero balance or the disappearance of the logs. 