@_author: cryptoenthus
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:42:26
In short, I suppose it may be best that the issue is ignored.  Atleast until intervention is taken or required either by some sort of self regulation or government.  Trust me, its not what I'd like to say or desire but its the way the economics work out.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:49:16
The general FUD certainly does.  The posted article started it, but places like Reddit scaled the issue.  It does not take much to start a run on an small unregulated market.  The entirety of Crypto currency is still extremely small and very prone to high volatility.
Current Market Cap: $238,817,401,643
Current Evaluation of Apple $872,000,000,000
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:37:40
I should add, traditional banks also swing and margin trade with money in their possession, largely for their own profits.  Quite often on a Forex scale and while toying with price spreads.  Very much like what Tether is doing.  So I'd be inclined to say that this issue is not new.  Its just new to have it in such an unregulated manor, with no mechanisms to prevent market runs and sell offs.  Banks are also only currently required to hold 7.5% of their assets in fiat currency.  So its arguable that the regular fiat banking system is much more of an atom bomb then anything Tether is up to (if they are holding 1:1 USDT to USD), as banks only are required to hold .075:1.  Blame Trump for the recent reduction of that %.
@_date: 2017-11-21 08:07:42
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:46:54
Thats not quite the statement I'm making.  I'm stating that the current methods are completely ineffective, and obviously playing into their hands.  A more constructive approach is needed, If the potential tether issue is of serious concern to you.  Then you should be writing your government representatives regarding the issue, as they are the ones that will potentially bring the proper banking regulations.
Also, I'm stating that the Tether issue is pretty much a non issue all together.  Please compare it to past events, policies and economic strategies, do not come to conclusions with little evidence or analysis experience.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:42:25
People should remember when the US government started to reduce the gold backing behind the USD.  They were deceptive about the topic and unwilling to provide proper details to the public.  It caused alot of FUD and concern.  However the result in the long run was that we proved fiats do not need to be backed by anything to receive enough positive perception to be viable currencies.  The banks ended up betting large that things would end up well, and that's largely when the banking industry started to explode through absurd market FUD and volatility, creating great % returns for themselves, then compounding over time.
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:10:31
*Pending editing and or rewrite with sources incoming.
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:13:29
I also need to clarify better the banking positions and asset holders.
On a plus side, Venezuela seems to be making their payments, est 1 billion usd payment was made 11/2/17
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:09:58
In addition, the creation of tether is still based on sound economic theory.  They are simply swing trading margins for fiat profit then creating tether to fit the new fiat profit they have stored.  Its the same thing just about any swing trader does, except they are using their profits to back a crypto currency while other swing traders use their profits for a multitude of other things.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:06:59
I personally would not desire that their be a crypto currency backed up by the USD to begin with.   Alot of the backroom global banking transactions between countries is backed by and happens with the US Petro dollar.  Risking enormous amounts of payouts and or the faith of the USD could cause global implications.  That being said, its such petty amounts still in the grand scheme of things that the fallout would still be negligible.  So I would prefer no USD backing whatsoever as to not risk a global economic meltdown in an already economic turbulent time.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:27:10
If it can be assumed that for every USDT their is a USD in a safe somewhere, ready to be distributed.  Then the most logical course of action (much to my dismay I should add).  Would be to have US government intervention, in the effect to add the same or similar mechanisms required to prevent or slow a market run in the event of a market sell off, as banking entities.  Essentially USDT distributors should almost be looked at as banks and have similar regulatory standards behind them.  Though I also firmly believe that the current US bank regulations are extremely lax and likely to cause issues in the near future.  But that is another topic and argument to be had elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:28:55
Mainly because they do allow 1:1 USDT to USD conversions.  Also the creation of tether correlates very well with standard swing patterns what should have created the profit to back the currency created.
That being said, like I previously stated, I would certainly prefer if it were not backed by the USD for the stated reasons in previous comments.  Their is certainly nothing wrong with an un backed digital currency, as that is somewhat what the entirety of the crypto market is based off of and digital currency's before blockchain and fintech.  The value of a coin is based of the perception and use cases, not backing (though backing can increase the perception).  The USD is not backed by anything tangible to normal fiat users, though slightly backed by petro on a more global scale.
Also, Like I mentioned before.  Current USD bank regulations only require 7.5% actual fiat backing for investments.  If tether is any higher then that percentage, then logic states that they have a more secure product then the current USD.
The backing of tether is actually designed to create market stability against the USD.  While it may not be the case that they have the full fiat backing, the case rests that they do not need to do so regardless.  It is unfortunate if they have made empty promises to their users, however this is not a new concept or banking strategy and certainly not the first case of semi fraudulent implementations.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:53:39
That one confused me, what are you trying to say?  I agree not all exchanges use tether, I very much like when they don't as to avoid overlaying market runs into fiats.  That being said, I realize USDT is just a stand in for USD and that is certainly ok as well.  As long as their are the proper mechanisms in place that every other USD holding entity has to abide by.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:12:05
So the only problem I have with Bitfinex and Tether.  Is that they are likely using account holders BTC to make the swing trades for their own profits, not just BTC from their own holdings.  However until their is proof of that, I see pretty much all Tether arguments nul and exasperating a potential long run issue.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:32:55
The fact of the matter is,  the creation of tether does not simply come out of thin air like most people seem to think.  They are creating profits during periods of FUD and consolidation through swing trades.  So essentially they are skimming profits off of every single BTC trader during those turbulent times, then using that to back their currency.  
Thus brings me to the point, that if people have real concerns about tether for some unknown reason.  Its really best to stop spreading the FUD regarding the topic, as that is almost exactly what they desire to happen, to create the desired swing profits.
Take my word, as a swing trader myself.  I love fear in the market, as that creates the single best buy opportunities for trading.
I have no doubt they are intentionally pushing some of this fear into the market, and I simply wish people would quite buying into it needlessly.