@_author: cryptotipit
@_date: 2014-04-25 17:31:30
I agree - as long as you don't own private key to an address with Bitcoins - you do not own that Bitcoins.
Nonetheless - the adoption of Bitcoin users is very low (because Bitcoin is hard to understand). I still think that when someone "gets" some Bitcoins via e-mail or by link (not knowing anything about them) can actually join the community (not being a "sucker"). He'll stumble upon tutorials that will teach him how Bitcoins work etc. and eventually he will take his cash to his wallet and leave the service (or leave a little bit for further tipping).
Classic methods of encouraging people to use Bitcoin - from what I've learned - doesn't work too good. People who are not technical are not very interested in learning how it all works. But it can change when the money is on the table. When they get the opportunity of getting money along with the tutorials educating them how to use it - they might actually dig in. If they understand tutorials I don't think they'd keep money in the service.
Lastly - I'm not saying that the service and tutorial section is perfect right now and will stay in that shape. We're still working on how the service should look like, what tutorials user should see as first and what is the overall experience for newcomers.
@_date: 2014-04-25 17:09:33
Not yet, but that's great idea, thank you :)
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:16:14
We don't want people to stick with services that keep your Bitcoins for you, we want to give first motivator for other people to join the community - the money they can claim by doing so.
There is a whole lot of tutorials in the service on how to get a real wallet to keep money on and how Bitcoins works, how to buy them, what you can buy with them etc. We do not encourage people to keep money within the service.
@_date: 2014-04-25 15:46:31
We're working on better monetization model for tipping service. For now we decided to use standard 1% from withdrawals only.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:02:00
That's a way, but they are putting a fee on all transactions via API. We put a fee only on withdrawals. 
When you keep small amount for tipping within the service, the tipping is still free. We want to launch reddit bot. In that specific case we imagine it's easier to just keep a little amount of BTC in an account and just send it further without withdrawing until you want to leave the service.
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:54:41
Yes, we're currently working on that, we think that reddit is a great way of popularizing Bitcoin. The ability to claim your tip without registering might help a lot bringing people into Bitcoins