@_author: cryptographichound
@_date: 2019-10-19 08:48:19
Even if most transactions are on L2 with channel factories, there would still be a fair amount of main chain settlement and higer security transactions driving volume in the future. Securing this will require large investments in infrastructure - people won't do it for free.
Are transaction fees alone going to be enough for investors to get an ROI on the investments, and for securing a network transmitting a significant portion of global capital flows? 
Will transaction fees rise to the point of choking off demand and triggering outflows to other networks? 
Seems like there's some reasonable questions to be asked about Bitcoin supply in the long terms
@_date: 2019-10-05 09:05:33
Issue with PayPal and traditional FinTech is settlement. Payments within a company's ecosystem and partners can appear instant, but behind the scenes there's multiple day transfers and complexities that are hidden from view in exchange for higher fees. Each bank must update it's respective ledger, requiring invasive knowledge of personal information, and massive departments to handle inevitable complexities. If you ever need to operate outside of the happy path, things can rapidly become unpleasant.
Contrast this however with Cryptocurrency. Settlement occurs within seconds to hours depending on the protocol. Payments can also be nearly instant if merchants are willing to tolerate risk like PayPal (seeing a block transmitted vs confirmed vs confirmed multiple times) as well.
This is ignoring the massive opportunities created from a computational public commons. Anyone can use and extend functionality of protocols like Bitcoin to solve problems in novel ways. Functionality isn't restricted to the limited imagination of a single company's product team.
Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency isn't necessarily better in all categories vs traditional tech. But its better in some ways currently, and ultimately has far more potential when considered holistically.
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:20:33
Given how low productivity growth has been, it's not clear that automation has been a significant factor in suppressing inflation.
If automation was spreading rapidly one would expect higher productivity growth from all those robots working around the clock - where is all that productivity growth?
One can make reasonable arguments about an uptick in automation (say from AGI), but this would be largely conjecture.