@_author: cryptotack1
@_date: 2019-07-01 11:19:14
On May 2nd 2019 I was scammed by BiteBTC, they have a brilliant Scam going. The method they use always revolves around there own customers Credentials. BiteBTC will allow you to send coins to their exchange with verified KYC. Once you make a trade and try to withdraw they simply confiscate the coins you were trying to withdraw. They will block you from further transactions on their exchange. This is where the brilliance of the Scam BiteBTC uses begins. They claim you are not a trader with good intentions, BiteBTC customer service will begin to send emails questioning your KYC documentation. They will demand more information..BiteBTC will claim they need to know where you got the coins you were trading. I found this unfoundedly ludicrous. I sent 10,000 APPC coins to BiteBTC that I purchased during APPC Coins ICO..I am verified on every major trading platform and was an ICO buyer with at least 20 different tokens in 2017 and 2018..The point I am making is there is simply no way with my passport, checking account statements and all other KYC documents that I had sent to BiteBTC, I would be considered a suspicious trader on BiteBTC..But the question is why would BiteBTC bother asking for all this information, and send multiple emails to me, asking for further verification and requiring some of the strangest requests I have ever heard of. The reason BiteBTC spends so much time asking for verification and more documents when they are never, ever, ever and please except this, BiteBTC is NEVER going to give you any coins back. BiterBTC needs to use this process to avoid being removed from the several coin listing websites, BiteBTC is on these coin tracking sites to drive traffic to their website. I am still shocked in disbelief that a website as prominent as Coin Market Cap would allow BiteBTC to continue to rob investors.There is simply no way Coin Market Cap does not know BiteBTC is robbing people on their Exchange. I would imagine Coin Market cap is getting a kick back of the stolen funds from BiteBTC..But there is another reason BiteBTC is acting like there is an issue with their users KYC documents, when they get arrested they can argue they were preventing money laundering. They can claim in court during their prosecution, that they stole coins from thousands of users to prevent criminals form using BiteBTC for money laundering. But persistence can pay off if the block chain frontiersman keeps fighting. I ended up on BiteBTC because of a coin tracking App called Coin Stats. This is an awesome IPhone, Android and P.C App..It lets you make multiple portfolios so you can track your coins, and Coin Stats allows you to get your quotes from major exchanges. You must check them out. But one of my coins I owned was APPC, and one of the exchanges on Coin Stats was BiteBTC, I noticed they we listing APPC at 0.12 Cents and all the other exchanges on Coin Stats had APPC listed at 0.09 Cents. That’s the other method BiteBTC uses to drive traders to their site. They inflate the actual price of certain tokens, so you will send your tokens to BiteBTC to sell high, and then buy low on other exchanges. I was a fool because BiteBTC showed higher volume then Binace for APPC tokens..This should have been a red flag for me since APPC has been on Binance since the day I bought it after there ICO. Anyhow, I sent messages to [ customer service and they wrote back originally saying they could not find enough reason to remove them..but after I wrote coin stats back a second time and they did more research Coin Stats removed BiteBTC from there website coin tracking App..It was a huge victory because I am sure many other users of Coin Stats were robbed by BiteBTC..Don’t give up!! Persistence in numbers will always win! I will be sending a copy of this letter to Coin Market Cap..Maybe, BiteBTC and any other website or blog I can think of. Maybe Coin Market Cap will soon realize what a bad example they are leaving in the crypto community. Coin Market Cap is no better than BiteBTC..They are helping Crypto currency traders get robbed. They should be ashamed of them self’s.
Signed Crypto Tack    June 30th 2019
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:05:50
On May 2nd 2019 I was scammed by BiteBTC, they have a brilliant Scam going. The method they use always revolves around there own customers Credentials. BiteBTC will allow you to send coins to their exchange with verified KYC. Once you make a trade and try to withdraw they simply confiscate the coins you were trying to withdraw. They will block you from further transactions on their exchange. This is where the brilliance of the Scam BiteBTC uses begins. They claim you are not a trader with good intentions, BiteBTC customer service will begin to send emails questioning your KYC documentation. They will demand more information..BiteBTC will claim they need to know where you got the coins you were trading. I found this unfoundedly ludicrous. I sent 10,000 APPC coins to BiteBTC that I purchased during APPC Coins ICO..I am verified on every major trading platform and was an ICO buyer with at least 20 different tokens in 2017 and 2018..The point I am making is there is simply no way with my passport, checking account statements and all other KYC documents that I had sent to BiteBTC, I would be considered a suspicious trader on BiteBTC..But the question is why would BiteBTC bother asking for all this information, and send multiple emails to me, asking for further verification and requiring some of the strangest requests I have ever heard of. The reason BiteBTC spends so much time asking for verification and more documents when they are never, ever, ever and please except this, BiteBTC is NEVER going to give you any coins back. BiterBTC needs to use this process to avoid being removed from the several coin listing websites, BiteBTC is on these coin tracking sites to drive traffic to their website. I am still shocked in disbelief that a website as prominent as Coin Market Cap would allow BiteBTC to continue to rob investors.There is simply no way Coin Market Cap does not know BiteBTC is robbing people on their Exchange. I would imagine Coin Market cap is getting a kick back of the stolen funds from BiteBTC..But there is another reason BiteBTC is acting like there is an issue with their users KYC documents, when they get arrested they can argue they were preventing money laundering. They can claim in court during their prosecution, that they stole coins from thousands of users to prevent criminals form using BiteBTC for money laundering. But persistence can pay off if the block chain frontiersman keeps fighting. I ended up on BiteBTC because of a coin tracking App called Coin Stats. This is an awesome IPhone, Android and P.C App..It lets you make multiple portfolios so you can track your coins, and Coin Stats allows you to get your quotes from major exchanges. You must check them out. But one of my coins I owned was APPC, and one of the exchanges on Coin Stats was BiteBTC, I noticed they we listing APPC at 0.12 Cents and all the other exchanges on Coin Stats had APPC listed at 0.09 Cents. That’s the other method BiteBTC uses to drive traders to their site. They inflate the actual price of certain tokens, so you will send your tokens to BiteBTC to sell high, and then buy low on other exchanges. I was a fool because BiteBTC showed higher volume then Binace for APPC tokens..This should have been a red flag for me since APPC has been on Binance since the day I bought it after there ICO. Anyhow, I sent messages to [ customer service and they wrote back originally saying they could not find enough reason to remove them..but after I wrote coin stats back a second time and they did more research Coin Stats removed BiteBTC from there website coin tracking App..It was a huge victory because I am sure many other users of Coin Stats were robbed by BiteBTC..Don’t give up!! Persistence in numbers will always win! I will be sending a copy of this letter to Coin Market Cap, BiteBTC and any other website or blog I can think of. Maybe Coin Market Cap will soon realize what a bad example they are leaving in the crypto community. Coin Market Cap is no better than BiteBTC..They are helping Crypto currency traders get robbed. They should be ashamed of them self’s.
Signed Crypto Tack  June 30th 2019
@_date: 2019-07-09 13:04:14
As you can see by this response from Market Cap after I sent them this letter, Coin Market Cap is in complete denial. There response basically is....We only post information..Just because our users are getting robbed by BiteBTC...and we are the main traffic to BiteBTC, that doesn't justify Us removing this scamming website. Its really quite incredible and established website like Coin Market Cap has no concern for traders. (see there email to me below)
**Kylie** (CoinMarketCap)
Jul 1, 1:36 PM EDT
Thank  you for sharing your findings. We appreciate where you are coming from,  especially since it springs from good intentions. We actually issued an  alert on the BiteBTC page in Jan 2019.
Even though we try our  best to verify the data with the projects on our site, we are not in the  practice of censoring or policing others. In an open ecosystem like the  one we are in, we believe that the best policy – that we follow closely  – is to over-provide on data and let users make their own informed  choices about what to do with that data. Consequently, the presence of a  project on our site does not constitute an implicit endorsement of its  merits.
We have always encouraged our users to perform their own due diligence ([  This is particularly important because the unregulated and cross-border  nature of this space makes it difficult to seek recourse.
The challenges of drawing the appropriate conclusions are explained in this blog post: [
However,  we understand that these concerns are valid and have implications on  the community and the impressions that people have about the crypto  space.​ Going a step further, we will be progressively updating our site  to be even more in line with our view that users should be given the  power to experience and use the data in a way that fits their needs  most.
Underscoring our commitment to remaining neutral by  avoiding censorship and judgement of the (de)merits of specific  projects, we believe that there is value in publishing a wider array of  data points to enrich the decision-making process of our users. You may  have noticed that we recently added a ‘Ratings’ tab on our site. Going  forward, and in the spirit of mitigating centralized points of failure,  you can expect to see additional data sources. One example would be  adding metrics to evaluate exchanges that would include liquidity  measures, hot/cold wallet balances, and traffic data. For instance, if  an exchange with low traffic has $300M volume and just 5 BTC in its  wallet, users will be able to draw their own conclusions without the  need for us to make arbitrary judgment calls on what is 'good' or 'bad'.
On  1 May 2019, we announced the launch of DATA (Data Accountability &amp;  Transparency Alliance) to bring some of these ideas to fruition; [ Phase 1 went live on June 17, 2019.
Again,  we want to state that our philosophy is to provide as much information  as possible to our users, so that they can form their own conclusions  and interpretations – and not introduce our own bias into that mix. As  more data points get added on the site, it is important not to be lulled  into a false sense of security - the push for greater transparency  would only be useful insofar as one is willing to perform the requisite  due diligence.
We are open to your feedback as we collectively figure out best practices in identifying and rooting out issues with data.
Thank you.
Sincerely,CoinMarketCap Support
[Listings Criteria]( | [Media Kit]( | [API]( | [DATA]( | [Newsletter]( | [Blog]( | [Mobile App]( | [Telegram]( | [Twitter]( | [Facebook](
The [online submission form](  is the only way to request for listings/updates to CoinMarketCap. Do  not reach out through other channels, such as email or social media,  because you will always be directed to this form. CoinMarketCap listings  are *always free*. Please beware of spoofed emails, fake social accounts, or individuals requesting listing fees.