@_author: cryptotronic
@_date: 2014-10-15 01:52:15
Agreed, the group do not have a silicon valley budget. The website is built on a free open source CMS. Hosting &amp; Domain paid for by donated bitcoins. It is meant to raise funds in bitcoin to help development projects &amp; disaster relief. 
The legitimacy comes from the linked community ; the facebook group &amp; facebook page. If you are more comfortable reaching out to them there then by all means do.
The group laid the ground work, improvements come with support, either know how or financial. Which hopefully then will garner more trust.
Thanks for looking
@_date: 2014-11-26 04:33:18
You are more than welcome
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:09:05
Sounds good, and thanks for all those cared and contributed,
in the meantime here is the facebook group:
, where the profiles of the members can be seen and some of the interactions. Alot of the interactions are in the local language to bring bitcoin closer to all. But facebook posts have translate now button.
This Article is in English , describing the why Sudan is the No.1 Candidate for the use of bitcoin:
@_date: 2014-10-15 05:31:44
They would've loved to start with $200 million , and 30 million likes, but that does not discourage them, they are patient.
The same Sudanese that you see on TV fighting are the same ones who co-found a barber shop in NY or LA. Seems that improved and just finances results in less fighting, pays for better health and education. And that's the plan.
You also might be intrested in knowing that that small amount has helped in building a freelancers web site, gave away prizes in bitcoin, and for the first time ever enabled Sudanese to press a button and send payment in a global cutrency, Let's say that they discovrrrd how it feels to use paypal.
Now that's a very efficient use of funds in my opnion.
Mind you that a $200 is respectable monthly salary for a new graduate over there.
@_date: 2014-10-15 18:20:26
Great article,
If you agree with me , we need a reddit local community for Africa, I see most of the regions represented except Africa.
@_date: 2014-10-15 05:48:17
I appreciate the insight and the patience to go and do the research,
The group focuses on the young , educated &amp; urban in the large cities for a reason. those are the same young people who went back to their small towns and taught their friends and family how to browse the internet and how to use phones to transfer money. The internet is mostly Internet Cafes &amp; mobile data, very few have DSL (that is mostly businesses &amp; Internet Cafes). To be affordable pricing is further broken down into per day/ cheaper per service (access only to facebook and social networks etc.) 
As I said people controlling their finances means that they can direct those finances to solve their pressing issues.
I'm not sure how many freelancers are there , but they could be found at:
 (not a Sudanese freelance website but with Sudanese freelancers, they get 10% sliced off their pay , by the payment brokers, after the website has taken it's sahre)
and of course other websites that I know nothing about. I hope that when freelancing is seen profitable &amp; just more will head to that direction , reducing the 40% unemployment.
 
I would love it if e-lance , freelancer.com or oDesk pay out in bitcoin (something many on these sites are demanding in the forums) they are alot better in marketing :-)
But again remember that many of those sites are US based and might not want to be involved in any "business" with Sudan.
Also I'm sure you wouldn't hire many Sudanese freelancers :-) , not many speak English all that well. Their best customers will be the richer neighbors (Saudi Arabia is just across the red sea), who speak the same languages. the closer the cultures the easier design tastes and expectations are matched. 
And yes people controlling finances , could mean people controlling politics and their own destiny.
Every $100 dollars an expat sends to his family in Sudan using the traditional methods the government takes a big cut in the form of  the official artificial exchange rate that slashes at least 30% of  the real value of that $100 . when bitcoin is sent to a Sudanese designer, it goes to the designer.
As for Capital Flight , it's a very valid concern, it exists with the current banking systems,  it's a criminal offense that cannot be solved by the bitcoin algorithm, but cashing huge amounts of Bitcoins in another country by an official will need to go through an exchange, and exchanges can ask all sorts of questions pertaining to the source of the money. It has always been said that bitcoin is not 100% anonymous.
Again thank you, few people are willing to spend time researching and studying the situation in a country far away from them ,and discussing that. really appreciated
@_date: 2014-10-15 05:27:21
You can see only one location because :
1. coinmap.org requests that the entity accepting Bitcoin be a physical location , so this exclude websites (like the freelance one)
2. The group adds a location to the map when that location has an established track record in accepting bitcoins. this means that of you pick up the phone and dial the that shop's number in coinmap.org  and ask if they accept bitcoins they will not hesitate (just be mindful of the time zone when you call)  :-)
@_date: 2014-10-25 15:30:39
So far self funded. No support so far, which is OK. The media is busy with China , new start ups and Venture Capital.
Good luck for your efforts in Libya