@_author: cryptoconsultant
@_date: 2014-08-16 16:58:27
This almost brought tears of joy when I saw the headline. I spent a lot of the first half of my life down in the Caribbean and have always wanted to bring Bitcoin down there when the time was right.
I would love to be involved in this if at all possible. From the description this fits into my company's goal for expanding Caribbean adoption quite nicely, would love to share some ideas at the least with the people making this happen. Wonderful initiative, cannot wait to see this take form.
@_date: 2014-08-15 18:35:25
In awe how the share price is still as high as it is. Your CEO has blatantly given up on PETA. The owners must be in shock at how many of the victims have stayed with them during this bilk. 
Havelock's IPO's are generally failures now, which is a sign the community is slowly learning its lesson. To all remaining PETA holders: "First one to panic gets some satoshi's". Some of you will be left with nothing if you do not act now, your CEO surely is not. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:46:41
Sweet Sassy Molassy, this does not look good.
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:17:30
Happy to be an active part of the Bitcoin economy in Canada. We are located out of Kitchener-Waterloo tech hub in Ontario and focus on the growth and adoption of Cryptocurrency.
We will be hosting Bitcoin seminars starting Q1 2014. If you know of anyone that is looking to learn more about Bitcoin and how it can positively change their lives, we can help. We also work with individuals who already have Bitcoin and are looking to delve deeper into the investment world. No matter what your goal is with Bitcoin, we can help.
Long Live Bitcoin!
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:24:47
We are working out a few small tweaks (thank you for pointing out one of them in the trivia area). The business has been in development since the start of 2013, with a lot of hard work and even a few adventures along the way.
Bitcoin has gone mainstream now and with that comes the need for legitimate businesses to start helping early adopters become part of the Bitcoin economy. I was fortunate enough to work with cryptography as part of my job in a previous life managing software technologies. There is a strong mix of financial literacy and technical expertise at CryptoConsultant.com, we have already helped many individuals successfully enter the realm of Cryptocurrency.
This subreddit will have a strong handle on many of the technical aspects of what we offer. We hope you all will think of us when a fellow Canuck is looking for expert Bitcoin advice and support.
Appreciate the feedback, keep it coming regardless of what you think or feel, it is all welcome!