@_author: cryptoanarchyround2
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:39:23
There could be a quantity, of course it wouldn't be a problem to implement that. And since to perform transactions we use a DHT with encrypted data and hashes are stored in the BTC (or any altcoin's) block chain, there would be such a guarantee. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:16:05
Kinda. That's actually a good simple one-phrase explanation for it
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:04:49
The current idea is to make an open-source software in an easily readable format that creates a web-ui for the whole thing. To store data in a way that makes it impossible for it to get edited, we'll probably rely to an hash tree with a simple blockchain system to provide synchronization. This would let optional market fees to be paid to miners, and it would be possible to merge-mine it with bitcoin to make 51% attacks expensive.
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:55:31
That's the /default/. It will be possible to change, but for true nash equilibrium security that would be needed. Of course escrow and direct transactions (or less strict nash transactions!) can be done for less risky transactions, but the safest way (and the default value) is 100%. Since locktime is not available in Bitcoin right now, if transactions fail they stay locked. The idea is to use an alternate "light" blockchain to store data and hash trees, which can be merge-mined with bitcoin, without any kind of "alt-coin". Just an alt-chain, linked to BTC. To pay back miners, there could be a small (&lt; 1%), optional, but enabled by default fee. To pay fees off, there could be a field specifying payout address for the solved block, and all nash/escrow transactions done before another block is chunked out would add a small fee in the bond tx. To solve the orphan issue, a delayed fee assignment may be used (fee goes to the address specified in 6 blocks ago). In-chain currency will simply be PoW. Some operations will require fewer difficulty (e.g. user data messages), some will require more (e.g. market creation). The default PoW will be settled network-wide, and the reference implementation will provide some default values that don't make it something too computationally expensive, but hard enough to avoid spamming. By the way, every part of this protocol is still out for debate, and if you have any ideas we wouldn't mind you joining us at irc.freenode.org  and 
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:57:29
Our idea was to make both vendor and users deposit the whole cost of the transaction as bond, and then use a multi-signature address so buyer and vendor settle up bond unlocking themselves. Of course if the buyer doesn't unlock the payment the vendor doesn't unlock the bond by signing the transaction that refunds bonds back to the correct owners. Using a % would work too, but 100% is way safer. Maybe a bit overkill, so we should make it so vendors can pick a smaller needed amount. In case the vendor is honest (for example he does a mistake with the order), a bond settlement could also include a refund to the buyer, still in %. Feedback would be implemented on top of this, as well, and this would be backed as proof-of-stake, since all transactions are public. 
Creating an account, making an order, creating a market has also a cost defined as "Proof-of-Work", hashcash style. This would make it harder for spammers to flood the network.
@_date: 2013-12-04 13:28:56
One of our group's members cleaned up the discussion and it should be easier to read.


