@_author: cryptocatthrowaway
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:45:09
Doubt it.  It's a difficult ethical quandary creators of a currency like this face.  You can't just give them away without messing up the economy.  Even if a single BTC left any of the dormant addresses there would be panic.
Then there's the ethical question of profiting/spending on something you had an unfair chance to acquire.
Bitcoin wasn't a new concept and Satoshi wasn't an insane genius.  The amount of work he did does not warrant the almost billion dollars he's worth.  He honestly got lucky and if that were me I'd probably be spending years deciding what my responsibility with that kind of wealth was.  I'd also be concerned for my safety.
The second he spends any of that money is the second his identity is revealed and his life will change forever.  Definitely not an easy decision.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:05:49


My point is is you're dealing with quite a bit of money or something of very intimate security, you need to take the time to learn or hire someone to do it for you.
If you can't do that then you shouldn't be dealing with whatever you're dealing with.
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:31:11
Even if it's FOSS that doesn't means it's implemented properly.
There are still concerns even looking at the code today and the programmer has consistently been several steps behind modern security (the original system wasn't even built as plugin which, if you know anything about browser security, IS INSANE).
The fact that the developers clearly aren't security experts is reason enough not to use it.  They aren't keeping up with the times and will very likely miss future exploits.
It isn't hard to set up PGP or even OTR locally and it's insanely more secure.  It can take minutes to set up and just hours to really learn.
Seriously OTR with Pidgin is like 10 minutes to set up and it is inherently more secure than any browser based solution could ever be.  On top of that it's also just more secure from how well it's maintained and coded.
If you're sending someone a message about your crush, use Cryptocat.  If you're sending someone a BTC private address, USE PGP OR OTR YOU FUCKING MORON!
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:21:02


Thank you this needs to be emphasized more.
Listen I'm not a fan of you but I'm glad your attitude is starting to be less sensationalized and level-headed.
My big problem with Cryptocat is that it has a lot of inherent security flaws and had a lot of security holes that may have been exploited yet it was toted as some revolutionary communication system.
People need to understand that systems like this don't/didn't exist because they already exist as much more effective local software.
**Yes Cryptocat might be more secure then talking over Facebook, but if you have truly sensitive information there is NO EXCUSE for not setting up your own OTR to PGP system (it takes minutes).**
I also want to warn people that sites like Cryptocat are targets.  People are more likely to target "secure" communication systems than sift through readily available public email systems.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:23:19
His argument is to people who are regular investors and he's telling them not to panic sell or buy then freak out that the price is dropping.
Obviously if you're a day trader or long term investor it makes since to sell and buy or even just buy now, but you shouldn't recommend that to regular people.  Most people panic and lose money or don't fully understand the risks/math of day trading and lose money.
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:47:57
You could easily retire on a million even if you were fairly young.  The interest on even a conservative portfolio would be enough to maintain a modest lifestyle for a lifetime.
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:29:29
What new information does that add to my argument?
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:35:36
He could move the coins to a charity but it's really not that simple.  Again just people knowing that someone has access to liquidate $1 billion worth of BTC is enough to cause panic (a single person could drive the drive down to under $100).
By not spending coins at all you're increasing the value and stabilizing the economy across all BTC holders.  When you donate to a charity you risk the money not being used properly and you devalue and destabilize the BTC economy.  Your net good going to charity might be outweighed by the net bad (e.g. you donate $1 million to charity but the price drop means that existing charities holdings are worth $10 million less).
Again it's not like that money is just being "wasted" when it could go to charity.  Money going somewhere has to devalue something else so why risk trying to do some good when he could just stay out of it until we're sure things are stable?