@_author: cryptoplane
@_date: 2018-09-07 07:49:07
It’s relative.  We all know it’s still going well zoomed out, zooming out isn’t relevant for traders, new investors and short term trends.   It’s also logical to compare to the mega rise from last year, so when compare to daily gains last year, not unreasonable to describe drops like this in this fashion.
I’m still on board and in it for long run, no real point in worrying about doom and gloom headlines.    Increase your holdings and wait for the tide to turn 
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:09:41
lol i read your comment out of context and thought you were saying he had a script for the video in this post.   was gonna say, wouldn’t put it past this guy if he practices using net worth and revenue when he feels threatened...   i really don’t want or like to generalize bch supporters but it’s really hard to ignore how so many rush to defend him and can’t see anything wrong with what transpires in this video.   
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:04:19
it’s 2018 and it was released oct 2008... that is ten years anniversary 
@_date: 2018-03-31 05:08:16
"The technology has no value"
 
The technology has an incredible amount of value, whether it is in the form of new financial markets, new business, or most importantly civilizations discovery of a decentralized, trustless system for storing and transferring data in a traceable immutable ledger.
Sure, you can argue that bitcoin itself has no value, but the technology surely does.   
@_date: 2018-03-07 05:55:36
This is a bit overblown.  I have heard of some horror stories but most involved some sort of suspicious activity and poster conveniently left out these parts of the story.
I have successfully withdrawn and deposited fairly large amounts through three relatively large banks, two of which are electronic/online only and one a standard bank with physical branches.  I haven’t had to get approval or provide notice before any transactions and haven’t experienced any problems.  My first transaction was in early 2014.
@_date: 2018-03-31 04:54:38
Fear of losing money pitted against fear of missing out on making money.    In a post boom environment, the inter-subjective perception of doom and bitcoin's inevitable death spreads just as irrationally as the greed of the masses on the parabolic rise to the moon.      When times are good, the fear of missing out somehow makes it a no brainer, easy decision to invest.    When times are bad, the fear of losing your pants convinces the masses of yet another no brainer, easy decision to not invest.     Without fail, many adopt a know it all attitude and self proclaimed expertise in all things investments and cryptocurrency.      
Long story short, leave the guts, regrets and emotions on the sidelines.   You are already ahead of the game by thinking outside of the box (i.e. not blindly following the "genius" of the masses). But if your investment thesis is nothing more than a gut feeling, don't gamble the house away.    To be honest, as the price drops, even gambling  what you are ok losing can be a smart investment due to the high reward potential.  Just don't fall into the trap of letting past regrets drive and influence a current investment decision.   
When the know-it-alls and told-you-sos are at their loudest and everyone is running for the hills in fear, it's definitely a time ripe for incredible buying opportunities.    If your investment thesis is still intact, remind yourself of this fact and this fact alone.    If nothing has changed in the fundamentals, don't let the noise drown out logic.    
Lastly, don't take advice from random people on the internet, especially someone like me on reddit. 
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:26:22
I find it absolutely weird that you think this.   Is it also absolutely insane how many people/teams/companies have created their own "unique cryptocurrency".   Don't [those people/teams/companies] do any type of review before creating a new product?    
Yet, you [people] still invest in all of them.  
Competition is a good thing.   Choice is a good thing.  If you don't like, don't use it.   But extreme paranoia and short sighted jabs at healthy (and slick) new ideas/apps is not a good thing.
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:08:36
My main point was lost on you, no worries.   Competition is healthy.   There is nothing insane about it.
You are paranoid, maybe rightly so, but not everyone has bad intentions.   Furthermore,  you can’t steal money if you use read only keys.   At the end of the day, to each his own, do as you please .   But a world where we discourage new market participants and new apps simple because you are satisfied with an existing contender is a world I don’t want to live in.
@_date: 2018-02-22 20:21:28
yea, like complaining about other people doing cool things :)
@_date: 2018-02-11 07:22:35
It means you can pay your taxes with bitcoin lol.  A payment gateway is a general term for services that facilitate payments and the underlying transaction/transfer of information.   E-commerce sites use payment gateways in the checkout process -  credit card info captured on web portal is sent to a credit card payment gateway where the actual transaction/payment is made between the buyer and the seller.
With crypto, instead of a web form transmitting credit card info to a credit card payment gateway such as Stripe, the payer uses bitcoin wallet software of their choice to make a transaction to an address designated by the gov for paying taxes.   The term payment gateway doesn’t mean anything special here, it’s just a common term used for services that facilitate making payments
@_date: 2017-10-08 22:27:31
Yes, assuming we're talking US since you mentioned IRS.   If you sell bitcoin for fiat on coinbase, you must report the gain/loss based using the same tax rates you'd find with buying/sells stocks.   Depending on how long you held the bitcoins, the tax rate would be short term or long term cap gains.   You would employ a cost basis strategy, normally FIFO (first in first out) to calculate your gain/loss.    This case of exchanging for FIAT is obviously taxable.  
However, as others have mentioned, the taxable events are not limited to when exchanging directly with USD.   If you use bitcoin to buy something, that is a taxable event.   If you trade bitcoin to acquire ethereum or any alt-coin,it is a taxable event.     You should track both the sale and purchase of alt-coin because taxes aren't limited to bitcoin.
For a simple example, let's say I purchased 1 Bitcoin on coinbase back in 2014/15 when the price was around $200.    Today I trade 1 bitcoin on GDAX or poloniex to pick up some ETH.    I would owe a long term cap gains tax on the difference (~$4500 - $200 = $4300;  .15% * 4300 = $645 owed for this tax year).
Some may argue that trade bitcoin for other cryptos falls under a rule known as "like-kind", which would make it a non taxable event.   From scouring the internet and asking accountants, I have yet to find any reason to believe the IRS will treat crypto trading as like-kind.
If you are trading, your best bet is to use something like bitcoin.tax software.   You can import your history very easily and similarly can import your trades and it will track everything for you.   It supports many exchanges and allows manual entry for those that it doesn't have automated imports for.  
All this said, again as other posters mentioned, exchanges aren't reporting your info to the IRS as a standard practice.  They aren't generating the standard IRS forms that you would receive from a bank or trading platform such as vanguard or schwab.   
My perspective is to play it safe.   The IRS has the ability to reach very far when it wants to.   They will not hesitate to pursue back taxes and most exchanges will probably keep all trade history data to protect themselves.   So, even say 5 years from now, you could wind up with a fairly large tax bill for something you did in 2015.
@_date: 2018-04-05 05:39:55
You have some seriously misguided anger.  This post makes no attempt to deceive others for personal gain.   If you are telling everyone to avoid this type of post, why are you here.   This post is not claiming some objective truth, it’s just someone’s view on zoomed out trends in price movement.   Saying an asset has a history of cycling boom and bust with an overall upward trajectory is hardly a lie.   
