@_author: cryptozonahub
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:31:01
Taxes on citizens, means the citizen is not free. There was no personal income tax on individual citizens during the most stable times of the expansion of the USA. The idea that taxes and freedom are not compatible can be found in Bible and taught by Jesus. You pay them to not offend them. 
Matthew 17: He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers? Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free. Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:26:31
"install, maintain, and pay for a nice big lamp next to your house" 
Would that not be what the taxes are for? So is the "government" paying for it or are the "tax payers"? The government is the biggest mafia around. The funny thing about the government is that they run multiple sets of books like the mafia. There is the fund that you see listed as the "budget" and "taxes" etc etc. However there is a complete other set of books that are the business side of the government operation. This is the side of the government that buys investments and receives interest payments, owns lots or property, charges rents and fees on properties it own. Often times generating significant revenue. All the meanwhile charging "taxes" on "tax payers" by enforcement via physical strength. 
I will gladly pay my taxes as I have no interest in going to jail over money or these ideas. That is why people pay taxes, coercion. Generally we want to have families and a life so we accept we loose freedom due to it. This is even a teaching from the Bible, taxes on citizens means they are not free 
Matthew  17: He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers? Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free. Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.