@_author: cryptomg
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:06:47
I see how you might feel that way. I would like to counter with this thought. Sometimes fresh perspectives are needed to see though bias and rhetoric and the emotional attachment that often comes with it. Critical thinkers still struggle with confirmation bias as well as flawed logic from time to time.
@_date: 2017-12-14 09:02:30
Prolonged stress and pressure can have that effect on any human being. I'm not saying his reaction is good but people are very hard on him. He is trying to correct and improve himself which is a good human trait. I have done things in my past that were unsavory (we most likely all have) but I'm glad only a small circle knows that. Now mix in lies (and rationally you have to know that not all things said are true) and magnify that x1000 and I'd feel very very uneasy and misunderstood all the time. No amount of money can make up for that feeling imo. I don't know him personally. I haven't seen all his videos or read all his posts. I don't always agree with what he says or how he says things. It just makes me cringe to see the double standards laid upon him and all people under a bright spotlight. Especially when there is so much conjecture and speculation. I'd back any of you up in the same or similar positions as well.
@_date: 2017-12-14 12:09:49
Okay, I see that he was 22 at the time of sentencing (ca. 2002) A young man. He sold large fireworks (explosives) on eBay at a different time in Internet history. He did so without a license. Definitely a big mistake and error of judgement. He broke the law and served his time. Has not been to prison since. So what we do know about him, plus whatever else you think you know about him equals sociopath? This is conjecture.
We know he has convictions and is outspoken. He sometimes struggles to keep his composure. Can show signs of misguidance of thought. But not 100 percent of the time. I also see compassion in him too. And attempts to make good. Do you know how hard it is to diagnose sociopathy?  
Please rethink what you posted. Look up definitions and consult the DSM V. We should not be infighting. We need to come together to help make all of crypto more adoptable by the masses. Thank you bitcoin and satoshi for starting it all.
Edit: added year
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:19:18
This is pretty hateful and morbid given the context of this discussion. Might want to check this behavior for your own good.
I'm going to assume you mean that from people diversifying into other coins from their BTC stash in effect they are stripped from the gains they could have made with BTC? 
If so, that is a personal choice and responsibility rests with each individual alone. Many people make money as well and are happy to diversify. It's up to each individual. 