@_author: crypto-kid
@_date: 2018-08-03 00:55:46
@_date: 2017-08-29 21:55:23
But SegWit, where you increase network/storage requirements 400% for a ~150% increase in throughput, is preferable how?
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:27:16
Upvote for VIC20!
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:30:42
No worries... still hodling....... for now! :)
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:26:27
If it was in fact spam, it looks like it was handled wo any issue. Seems like they just wasted their money tbh.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:03:04
Except that in a given amount of time, 8 times as many transactions would be serviced.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:04:49
You would expect that eventually the spammers would run out of money. These attacks couldn't be sustained indefinitely. And for what?
edit: with each block doubling, the price for spamming full blocks becomes twice as expensive.
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:27:32
Worst case scenario (I think) is that Lightning hubs start extending credit on their Bitcoin reserves, leading us right back to the fractional reserve banking system that everyone sought to escape.
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:23:31


No. Long term, perhaps you are correct--that is yet to be seen. But short term *absolutely* not. 4MB blocks provide a 400% throughput increase. The same size SegWit block gives a ~150% increase in throughput. So simple blocksize-increases mean the blockchain scales linearly with throughput, whereas a SegWit blockchain scales exponentially as a function of transaction throughput. The math is not at all unclear on this point. SegWit is not exponentially better, it is literally, provably, exponentially worse.
Basically, with a simple 4MB blocksize increase, you pay 4X the resources, you get 4X the throughput. With SegWit *by itself*, you pay 4X the resources and you get 1.5X the throughput. MAYBE you are right, perhaps this SegWit investment will pay huge dividends in the future, but make no mistake, as of *right now* we have lost ground that needs to be made up just to break even (VS a simple blocksize increase of the same size).
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:04:35
for sure... :)
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:42:51
I haven't read enough about LN to competently argue for/against it. What I have read is discouraging, but I'll reluctantly concede the point.
However... the SegWit 150% transaction increase is *not* free. The actual size on-disk (and over the network) is 4X larger than what we had prior: 4MB. They say it is 1MB blocks because w/o the witness data the block is 1MB, but the entire data structure that is being stored and transmitted is 4MB. You can give it a reduced "weight" when calculating blocksize, but that doesn't actually make it smaller on disk or over the network.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:01:07
Then what, in your estimation, is the ideal block size? 8MB seems to work beautifully (but may be overkill), yet 1MB appears to be broken. So surely there is an optimal value that lowers fees, but deters spam while increasing throughput, no? If there is a technical reason why some value between 1MB and 8MB is not feasible, then I def prefer 8.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:32:18
I reaaaally hope so... but I'm slowly losing confidence.  SegWit is absolutely not as good of a short term solution as block size increase. I am holding out for LN, but that is months if not years away, and the more I read about it, the less practical it seems. I think it will need a higher layer solution itself  to live up to its hype. And those higher layer solutions seem like they'll have to be very much like the current banking system. :(
@_date: 2017-08-29 21:55:30
But SegWit, where you increase network/storage requirements 400% for a ~150% increase in throughput, is preferable how?
@_date: 2017-09-03 14:13:42
Only in a scenario where the block size can increase to accommodate larger volume. When you constrain the block size such that not everybody who wants to post a transaction can, users start to pay higher and higher fees in order to ensure that their transactions get included.
If you think of blocks like real estate, with more transactions and block space limited to 1MB, posting a transaction starts to become like buying land in Manhattan.
@_date: 2017-09-01 02:05:34
I think it could happen with the current implementation, without modifying the software, without the lightning network--its just that the incentives aren't there. I could set up an organization (a bank, of sorts) that would accept bitcoin or fiat or what-have-you and conduct bitcoin transactions on your behalf, today, without modifying anything. But right now there is just no need or market for that. However, small blocks drive up the price and settlement times for on-chain transactions, effectively *creating* a market for a low-fee, instant settlement system---i.e. the lightning network.
I can see hubs/banks forming under two business models. On the first, these businesses allow you to connect to their hub for a subscription fee. Ideally, this allows users to transact instantly with near-zero fees with most any vendor worldwide. The second model is free, but requires you to deposit your bitcoins in the hub/bank. They offer all the same services as the subscription model (low fees, instant transactions) but do not charge a fee. People who deposit bitcoin, however, trust the bank with their money and in turn the bank can extend credit based on these reserves. The banks/hubs stands to make A LOT of money this way and will thus price the subscription services such that deposits become an attractive option.
Savvy bitcoin users will realize what is at stake and prefer a subscription model regardless (and I believe their money will be safe), but I fear many users won't know or care about the consequences and would rather save themselves the fees. Even if a small fraction of users choose to trust the hubs/banks we put ourselves at risk for the brand of economic crisis we turned to bitcoin to avoid.
@_date: 2017-09-29 21:29:40
Read that article again and ask yourself if its the words of someone trying to present an honest case, or the words of someone trying to make you think a certain way. How anyone can take that article seriously is beyond me.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:32:43
I don’t have numbers regarding the distribution of Bitcoin developers among the various implementations and projects, so I won’t comment on that since it is unknown (to me) where the majority of development occurs. However, I will say this article ( presents a compelling case that of the various aspects of Bitcoin, mining is the closest to ideal with regard to decentralization, whereas code development is the worst (that is, almost completely centralized). If any aspect of Bitcoin is centralized, then Bitcoin is centralized. The way these open source projects work is that anyone can contribute to any project (making them seem democratic), but the project organizers get to say which code contributions are accepted or rejected, and they do not have to justify their decisions. A significant portion of the maintainers for the Bitcoin Core project are employed by Blockstream, which means that control of the Bitcoin Core code base is a *highly* centralized aspect of the system. Until the development of some kind of decentralized version of GitHub, this is a situation with which the community will have to live, but it also means that in order to maintain trustlessness, changes to the system should ideally be small and incremental--effectively shutting down this attack vector (as much as possible).
 
That being the case, with Blockstream/Core making big changes, you now have to extend a lot of trust that the involved parties share your goals and values. To me, this is a hard sell in a system whose major attraction is that of trustlessness. I say, “Don’t fix what isn’t broken.” Bitcoin has always worked in the past, and at the very least we should continue to utilize the original system until the limits of that technology have been discovered. Core, by blocking a block-size increase, is causing the system to break so that they can “fix” it.
 
Small changes to the code in order to maintain the existing economic, game-theoretical design of the system are easier for me to trust (e.g. the Aug 1 fork), but a complete overhaul to the system that changes everything about the economic incentive structure involves a lot of trust (i.e. SW1x). SW2x is somewhere in the middle as it would recognize SegWit blocks, but would provide a little relief in the block-size such that off-chain and on-chain transactions could compete in the market a little more fairly (small blocks increase fees and provide an economic incentive to move transactions off-chain---Blockstream wants to move the majority of transactions off-chain *completely* changing the economics and incentive structure of the system). Currently, there is no technical reason to restrict the block size. The *only* reason for such a restriction is to use fees to force users off-chain.
Blockstream/Core openly support small blocks and high fees because their stated objective is to force users off-chain, onto transaction layers that they will provide. Other than funding a subset of Bitcoin Core developers, ALL of Blockstream’s projects involve the development of off-chain/side-chain technologies. That is all they do. Doesn’t that raise red flags for you? I see a dogmatically restricted block-size as a *much* more immediate, credible, and cost-effective threat than the theoretical possibility of 51% miner collusion, especially when a single company effectively controls what these off-chain alternatives will be.
@_date: 2017-09-02 18:05:09
Your are correct, but the thing you have overlooked is the incentives. If you have to pay $1, $5 or $1000 to transact w bitcoin, it makes sense to go with a LN hub and pay a subscription service, or deposit bitcoin and get that capability for "free". Small blocks (and thus high fees) literally create the problem for which all of these other options become a solution. 
Even though these same types of hubs could be formed on either chain right now (perhaps more easily, as you suggest), the only chain incentivized to seek relief in off-chain solutions is BTC. There is zero benefit (and several glaring disadvantages) for using such services on the B CH chain. 
I think you're right in that with a hypothetical LN subscription, nobody could take your money, but the hub *could* choose not to honor your transactions (afai can tell). With deposits, you are *completely* at the hub's mercy. However, most ppl aren't doing anything wrong and believe they have nothing to fear from financial censorship (just like now) and would gladly deposit their bitcoin with a hub if it meant they could save transaction and subscription fees. They wouldn't even care about the technical details or ramifications wrt the greater economy because they have other things going on in their lives and find tech and/or economic theory boring. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 15:33:06
Bad behavior could include LN hubs  offering exorbitant subscriptions to use their hubs, but also offering the same services for free to those who would deposit their bitcoin with the organization (which would then conduct LN transactions on a user's behalf, crediting a private ledger appropriately). In this manner, hubs (effectively banks, at this point) could extend credit on these deposits/reserves and we arrive right back at the banking system everyone was so excited to leave behind.
@_date: 2017-09-21 14:04:45
You should post your question on r/ btc to get a different perspective.
@_date: 2017-09-29 21:48:42
I mean I get it. When I bought my first bitcoin I fought hard (among my crypto friends irl--not on Reddit) against all the enemies that rBitcoin said I should be against. Eventually, I watched some talks from the "enemies", read some of their papers, realized how heavily censored this sub is... and I started to reach my own conclusions. Conclusions very far from the narrative pushed here. I definitely felt betrayed by rBitcoin and felt as if it had deceived me. I mean, it had. Just keep an open mind and read/watch material put out by the "enemies" every now and then.
@_date: 2017-10-02 20:50:27
Look… I don’t mean to be a dick, so here is a quick explanation to accompany my snarky comment:
First of all, who determines what the fee is? The user does when they send a transaction. The user pays a certain amount per kilobyte, and with 1MB blocks, there are roughly 1000 kilobytes available. The user can set the amount they wish to pay as high or as low as they like, but miners give preferential treatment to transactions with higher fees. With large blocks, such that the miners can include every waiting transaction, the miners don’t have to pick and choose. Nobody has any reason to pay a higher fee than anybody else and so everybody ends up paying fees close to the minimum. If the block size is lower, such that not every waiting transaction can fit in the next block, then suddenly there is an incentive to pay a higher fee: if you want your transaction to go through on the next block, then you pay a higher fee. The people who don’t pay higher fees have to wait longer for their transaction to go through, sometimes much longer. Most people meet somewhere in the middle and end up paying a moderately higher fee for a moderately longer transaction time. 
It helps to think of the block as real estate, where you have to purchase a plot of land big enough to hold your transaction. If you have to buy that land somewhere where land is plenty (in TX), the price is cheap. If you have to buy that land somewhere limited (Manhattan island), the price is high. The analogy isn't perfect, but it's not terrible.
@_date: 2017-10-01 02:31:12
lol... ok.
@_date: 2017-10-04 13:22:51
The growth rate is proportional to the transaction volume and the only way a block size truly limits blockchain growth rate is by deterring its use through high fees and slow transaction times when blocks become full. Doubling the block size does not automatically double the growth rate (unless you have an inexhaustible  transaction back log). Granted, it will increase the rate some, but only because more people decide to use their bitcoin due to lowered fees.
Edit: clarifying language
@_date: 2017-10-01 04:01:21
Not me… sorry to disappoint!
I am a computer scientist, however, and let me assure you: There are trustworthy computer scientists and there are computer scientists with no principals whatsoever. There absolutely exist highly skilled developers who would code anything for a dollar, no matter who or what it hurts. Likewise, there are good corporations and there are bad corporations. There are good miners and bad miners. There are good and bad people everywhere you look.  As such, you should not place your trust in developers, businesses, miners or strangers. The real genius of Bitcoin, imo, is not so much the tech, but the economic game theory securing the tech. Bitcoin was designed so that you need only trust that all actors will behave according to their own self-interest. Who you should be suspicious of are developer-come-latelys who say they have “proven” that the system which brought Bitcoin’s value from $0 to $5000 is destined to fail, and consequently requires a fundamental change--changes that turn the incentive structure securing the network on its head. All the while, blocking the scaling solution that has always worked in the past, driving up fees, slowing down transaction times and *literally* creating all the problems they propose to “solve” with their off-chain solutions.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:57:43
If you think *that* you clearly, CLEARLY have very little understanding of the Bitcoin system. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 02:27:18
I mean, if you think lower fees and faster transactions times don't help the user, I guess.
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:39:09
Not much has changed to affect BTC fees—they are lower bc nobody is using it (or any other crypto) right now. Once this bear market is over and people start transacting again, 100% guaranteed that the high fees will return.
@_date: 2019-05-17 04:33:19
I was paying very close attention as well (though not via r/btc) and wasn’t aware of any of this going down.
I did a quick google search just now and didn’t immediately see anywhere where lost transactions had been reported—which you think would have been picked up by at least one of the BCH-hostile crypto outlets out there. Personally, I’m not buying it.  
Through what (BCH network attributable) mechanism could the transactions possibly have been dropped? Like, did a wallet broadcast a TX to one (and only one) of the vulnerable ABC nodes, just before it dropped offline? I mean, maybe... probably, even. But such an occurrence would have to be incredibly rare. Like, more than an instance or two of that and I’m going to need to see some proof. Though I suppose it’s possible that one of the BCH wallets out there is configured in just this way—but that would be an issue with the wallet software and not the BCH network. 
If I had to guess, I’d wager that you probably witnessed some inexperienced users who were stressing because they had to wait longer than 10 mins for the their block to be mined. I remember early on in the test there were a few blocks that took longer than average so that seems a much more likely scenario to me. 
All the data I’ve seen (wrt to the stress test) showed that block propagation is fine up until about 20MB, and then a bottleneck in the function that adds TXs to the mempool became the rate-limiting step. There was no mention of lost transactions in any of the post-mortems I read.
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:28:48
These were your transactions? Or you just saw some people complaining. If you just saw some people talking, anecdote. 
If they were your transactions perhaps you could provide log files for your wallet (w any sensitive information redacted, ofc) or any information that might help pin down the source of the problem.
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:33:22
@_date: 2019-05-17 17:19:57
Haha ok. Well I am sure that water-tight arguments such as this will win the hearts and minds of the crypto-savvy everywhere. Guess I’ll just pack my things and go home.
Say what you will, but at least BCH functions properly. I suspect that, ultimately, that is all users will care about. But, I have been wrong before—once or twice, iirc.  :P
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:08:58
If it shows up on a block explorer, then it it was in a block. Those people were obviously confused. Unless you were looking at a block explorer that also shows mempool information—in which case, if it made it to a block explorer’s mempool, you better believe the miners had it, too! In that case, those users’ issues are with the block explorer’s software—not BCH. That’s pretty funny—you actually had me concerned for a second!
I think the exploit was forgotten, not because of the size of the community, but bc it did zero damage, was fixed almost immediately, and actually provided a small little financial gift to some of the BCH-aligned developers (who were able to take the funds from the “anyone can spend” addresses the attackers were using to fund said attack). Not too bad as far as exploits go and hardly newsworthy! Sure, it slowed the network slightly, but only ABC clients were affected. I call that yet another win for multiple clients/decentralized development. In contrast, that Core bug that Awemany found last year would have rekt BTC if it had been exploited rather than reported, but the BCH fork, OTOH, would have suffered about as big of a hiccup as the exploit a couple of days ago—which is to say, it would have been immediately forgotten. But I digress...
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:26:16
That's weird. The stress test I watched propagated \*numerous\* blocks larger than 10MB, with the largest block exceeding 21MB. Your comment is the first I've ever heard of transactions being lost \[source?\]. I know some nodes (running the ABC client, iirc) did go offline, but I guess exposing weak points is the point of stress testing.
@_date: 2019-05-17 15:05:59
It’s not a matter of who cares, it’s a matter of your word being the only report of this ever happening. If there is a real issue, I personally would be highly interested in looking into it, but so far all you’ve given me to work with is that you say you saw some people say that in a chat room.   Given all the other significantly more-likely scenarios, I am operating on the following assumptions: 
A. you and those users are all being sincere in your reports 
B. those users were confused or mistaken. 
AFAIK, these “disappearing transactions” were never reported to anybody who could have investigated their cause, which alone makes their legitimacy suspect. Assuming these users weren’t trolls and that they are somewhat competent wrt cryptocurrency (some pretty big assumptions, but I’m giving the benefit of the doubt), they probably *thought* their transaction was missing since it allegedly  disappeared from the mempool of some rando block explorer, but then dropped the subject when they later saw their transaction had in fact been included in a block. 
I mean, unless you can offer a better explanation for missing transactions that were apparently not reported on by any news outlet nor addressed by any teams who were specifically looking for vulnerabilities such as this...
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:21:00
Right! It functions *properly* with  *32MB* blocks. 
If you are trying to imply that it somehow doesn’t function properly, then I’ll need a source for your 4MB limit theory or I’m just going to assume you are basing your opinion on some really weak anecdotes.
@_date: 2019-05-17 18:37:12
Lol ok dude