@_author: cryptoio
@_date: 2017-08-19 14:40:54
Thanks for that. I'm taking a slightly different approach to catalog virtual and physical, and more categories. More like the "craigslist of crypto" ;)
@_date: 2017-08-17 10:56:32
Your trezor is still one of the most secure forms of storage you can use. Not only has the issue been addressed, it was by itself a very unlikely attack. The odds of someone physically getting into your trezor and availing themselves to this exploit seems almost impossible. Add your passphrase (which you should anyway) and your BTC is safer than gold in fort knox.
@_date: 2017-08-04 11:00:31
Well, if you read the paper it does ask you to make a big leap of faith to reach that valuation:
"This investment thesis asks the reader to consider BTC as the dominant world currency. If this is acceptable, the valuation is a comparatively simple matter of estimating the total value of all the world’s money"
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:19:23
This. Another attorney here and I too am struggling to see current, or near-term, practical applications *in situations that conflict with laws*. 
First, many examples being thrown around can be implemented without the need of a blockchain and is just a good use of IoT. The whole disabling a car based on non-payment. Nothing that cannot be done without a blockchain or smart contract. In fact, I'm not personally understanding yet why a distributed decentralized smart contract is better in such an instance, when it's hard for external inputs to verify if the debtor paid or not. It really is a contract between the debtor and creditor.
Now, and the bigger issue, let's say we solve all the independent verification issues. Like it or not, parties to a contract are still going to be subject to a jurisdiction and the laws in the jurisdiction (a DAO will not help for physical goods). So even if let's say the leasing company disables my car, I may be able to force an unlock based on any number of legal violations...it may run afoul of my rights as a debtor, conflict with the Uniform Commercial Code and/or could even open up Tort liability to the org disabling my vehicle. The point being, that the "smart contract" was nothing more in that instance than a glorified if/then/else and will also we be subject to the laws of the jurisdiction.
I see the interesting use cases but perhaps the name is a misnomer. Perhaps when governments (oh the irony given the idealism that arose to blockchain technology) adopt blockchains and enforceable smart contracts, then maybe we'd be getting somewhere. 
The reality though is, I pretty much have a constitutional right to due process, and smart contracts, as intriguing as they are, don't destroy those rights. I'll be the first to admit I'm still struggling to grasp this and find this thread incredibly interesting.
@_date: 2017-06-16 11:06:01
"If running a platform allowing people to conduct voluntary, mutually beneficial transactions is a crime, then I want to be a criminal."
Perhaps you meant to say "mutually beneficial *victimless* transactions". 
@_date: 2017-06-09 11:23:08
Update: All ends well! Refund received ... it just took a little longer than 12 hours. Mental note to me next time ADD the mining fee to the total being sent.