@_author: cryptojeetu
@_date: 2019-11-04 03:43:24
Rich get rich not by virtue of diversification. They look for asymmetric return potential and allocate a good amount of cash into it. That's how you build exponential wealth not by diversification which is what average people tend to do. Bitcoin right now has the asymmetric return potential.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:24:06
Lets summarize why Bitcoin could give asymmetric returns. There are no guarantees.
Bitcoin is a protocol unlike a random tech company. There is no CEO and employees, it doesn't have to worry about EPS every quarter. Bitcoin has 1000's of developers committing to the project. Think of it like the open source linux project.
Bitcoin doesn't have counter party risk like Stocks, where if the broker goes bankrupt you lose your investments. SIPC insurance might not cover your investments. The risk to Bitcoin is more from 51% attack, inflation bug, Quantum attack. The chances of these are minimal. If you want to know why listen to Andreas M. Antonopoulos
Bitcoin is a micro payments and settlement solution all baked into one, unlike FIAT where you need a thirdparty for the settlement. It is a better solution for global remittances than the current system. The current system charges few percent of the entire transaction. A bitcoin transaction of 100 million dollars might only cost you a few dollars
Bitcoin is digital gold, there can only be 21 million unlike FIAT which is being devalued every minute. Look at the Repo market operations done by FED right now, they are printing close to 100 billion every day. ECB has also started printing.
ECB, BOJ and FED have printed around 13 trillion dollars since the 2008 crash.
FIAT like US dollar can be counterfeited, look into the \`super dollar\` story. Bitcoin cannot be counterfeited.
Lot of countries are destroying their currency. Eg: Zimbabwe and Argentina. In those countries, Bitcoin is a very attractive alternative.
Bitcoin is your own digital piggy bank. Unlike traditional banks, where the govt can seize your  account or put capital controls. Eg: Argentina which recently put capital controls and India central bank did it with a local bank.
Bitcoin is a technological revolution, first time in history we have a distributed ledger validated by decentralized network of miners.
The global financial system is unstable, the debt is out of control. Here are some of the examples. US govt debt crossed 23 trillion, US consumer debt is more than 13 trillion, US corporate debt is around 15 trillion dollars compared to the US GDP of 19 trillion. Debt is manageable if it is less, but the debt levels around the world has skyrocketed. Bitcoin is a hedge against global financial instabilitiy
The market cap of Bitcoin is still 167 billion, which is still very small compared to other financial markets. I would say based on the reasons above it can easily trend asymmetrically higher from here.
@_date: 2019-11-30 03:04:18
51