@_author: cryptooldfart
@_date: 2019-07-21 20:37:20
For whatever reason, your long-term optimism does seem to make you somewhat of a magnet. I suppose this is the fate of any serious poster, as opposed to someone in it for the comedy (e.g., BCBT). Whatever. As you say, it's only a Reddit site. It is kind of maddening to see what's become of the ability to have rational discussion, but this sure is a different day and age from when I not only grew up, but conducted my business career. Tolerance is so passé these days. Someone has an opposing view? Kill the bastard!
@_date: 2019-07-12 22:58:11
Damn, I wish everyone would stop with these generalizations. I picked this username as a joke on myself, but clearly my entire generation is the joke to all of you. Yes, I'm an early Boomer. That's simply a function of when I was born, nothing more, nothing less. As a recent retiree, I actually had to use computers in my day job, not sticks, not rocks, not even an abacus. You people seem to think we're an entirely different species. Guess what? We're not. We actually were young once, raised hell, and learned from our mistakes. It's called gaining experience. Oh, yes, some of us have been in crypto for years now, too. Three years in my case, because inertia kept me from jumping in a year earlier. So shall we start generalizing about Gen X or millenials, or possibly realize that we don't necessarily all fit into nice little slots?
@_date: 2019-07-21 18:46:59
Guys, if I may, this Hatfield and McCoy routine is getting a little old, especially since I honestly believe you both are on the same basic side of the argument. I know I've supported you in the past, cg, and rmf may have a different approach, but his underlying beliefs really aren't materially different. I sure aren't a Kumbaya-type person, but reading through your posts and counter-posts seems to be getting more and more juvenile, which sure as heck is neither of your intentions. You both support and believe in BTC and it's long-term future. Let's just leave it at that.
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:25:48
Eh? Speak up, sonny!
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:08:26
I wasn’t logged in when I drafted my response, so they punished me by posting it twice, I guess. Anyway, I see it more as logic than optimism. Look up at newer posts and we see more lamenting about the lack of upward price movement. This generation only understands instant gratification. When I was running a department and interviewing college kids, i was always amazed at the “I want it all, now” attitude/expectation. No one seems to understand the impact of time on anything and everything any more. This bear market may seem long to those who want instant gratification, but for those of us who’ve been around the block (some a few more times than we’d care to admit), it’s business as usual. This, too, shall pass.
@_date: 2019-07-26 23:36:30
Someone already called him out on the fundamental flaw in his logic in his inflation discussion, but it didn't stick. He restated BTC in terms of USD to draw his conclusion. If he stuck to apples and apples (or 1 BTC = 1 BTC), his argument falls apart. If BTC is being used as a hedge against inflation, for instance, you WANT a BTC to be worth more dollars over time (due to irresponsible money printing or whatever). While 1BTC still equals 1BTC, it SHOULD equal more dollars (or pick your currency), not because Bitcoin is inflating, but because it's doing its job as an inflation hedge. It's the money that's inflating. Realistically, this is why congress has their shorts tied up in knots, because they know this, but can't admit it.
@_date: 2018-09-14 16:26:46
I’m not sure if I’ve commented in this sub before (because I actually own other coins besides Bitcoin...sorry, but at my age I believe in diversification), but I read it pretty much daily. While I think there’s probably greater depth of understanding on this sub than on most in general, this string brings out one common denominator among all subs. That’s the absolute lack of understanding in this generation about the time element involved with this investment. It’s still a baby, for crying out loud! Unless you think it’s going to shrivel up and die, it’s going to go through these wrenching bear markets. They might look like things you’ve seen in the past regarding other markets, but unless you think this is going away (in which case, why are you here?j, the above couple of posts are dead-on. Any immature market has gone through periods like this before getting their feet firmly planted on the ground. Some people are suited to sit it out, some aren’t. But dammit, i’ve never seen such a whiny generation! I’m glad I’ll be dead when an entire generation of whiners is in charge of everything!
@_date: 2018-09-18 15:41:09
You responded favorably to me the other day, so I’ll return the favor. Your posts routinely present your view rationally and in a non-offensive, non-argumentative manner. I happen to agree with you more often than not, but really, that’s not particularly relevant for this post. The purpose of writing is to give you an atta-boy for not taking the bait from the typical Reddit reaction I see from people who disagree—classless name calling and obvious baiting for no reason other than apparent childishness. Way to take the high road! I wouldn’t call your last response stooping to his level, but rather an adult level response that a child probably can’t understand.
@_date: 2018-09-18 15:32:49
You responded favorably to me the other day, so I’ll return the favor. Your posts routinely present your view rationally and in a non-offensive, non-argumentative manner. I happen to agree with you more often than not, but really, that’s not particularly relevant for this post. The purpose of writing is to give you an atta-boy for not taking the bait from the typical Reddit reaction I see from people who disagree—classless name calling and obvious baiting for no reason other than apparent childishness. Way to take the high road! I wouldn’t call your last response stooping to his level, but rather an adult level response that a child probably can’t understand.
@_date: 2019-03-07 04:59:24
Careful with those generalizations, sonny!
@_date: 2019-08-07 18:46:26
It’s great that so many people are asking questions about taxes, but I’m shocked at the fundamental lack of understanding about the basics of taxes in those questions. This isn’t meant to be criticism, but rather an observation that there are a lot of you (as in vast majority) out there who better not try to tackle this on your own. The US tax code isn’t as daunting as some make it out to be for the routine stuff, but they get awfully complex for other things, and seem to have intentionally left their crypto rules pretty ambiguous to give them latitude to do whatever they like. Ambiguity works in their favor, not yours. So if you don’t even know basics like realized capital gains, cost basis, taxable event, etc., you better not try to do this on your own. The IRS doesn’t consider this a game, and you shouldn’t either.
@_date: 2019-08-08 14:54:28
FINALLY someone not bashing us old farts!
@_date: 2019-08-07 20:50:36
I doubt that they are out to grab the couple of bucks from a tiny gain like yours, but they are serious. Every crypto sale is a taxable event in the good ol’ US of A. Losses offset gains, but they all count. It would pay to learn a little about basic taxes. I hate to see people run to Block when a fifth grader could handle most basic returns. Yes, you may have to read a little, but they still teach that in school, don’t they? Anyone with half a brain should be able to do a basic return. It’s when you get into the crypto and other more complicated stuff that you should seek help if you’re dealing with concepts you don’t understand.
@_date: 2019-08-06 22:53:45
You know, months ago I jumped to your defense in some dumb ass argument about taxes, but you sure as hell are salty when it comes to my generation. Just to make it clear, a generation is not a lump of lookalikes/thinkalikes. It’s a bunch of individuals who by chance happen to have been born within a certain period of years. I can’t help it if a bunch of those within my generation are idiots or sociopaths or whatever, but I find it pretty damn insulting to constantly be lumped in with them all. Since you are one of the most vocal about generational differences, I’ll direct this to you. Please take it constructively.
@_date: 2019-10-02 17:24:39
I think he gave his personal answer when he said he bought in at the all time high. So he’s not in a particularly objective position to respond. A less prejudiced answer is what you’ve read countless times on this sub—no one has a clue about near-term price movements, but the vast majority of participants here are long-term believers. As such, we buy when we buy, not worrying about daily, weekly, monthly, etc. price gyrations, because we believe over time the price will appreciate due to technology and adoption. My time horizon is a hell of a lot shorter than most on this sub, as you might guess from my username, but I still think it’s a worthwhile hold.
@_date: 2019-06-25 19:28:16
Don’t let one off-base comment sour you. You now have the distinction of having made the first anti-old people comment on this entire page. Congratulations! We’re you unprovoked? No, that wasn’t exactly a top-shelf comment above. But don’t let it shade you against the rest of us. In his defense, you have to weed through a lot of crap on this thread (littered with f-bombs and grammar that shows the results of decades of catering to the lowest common denominator) to get to the good stuff. To repeat myself from above, it gets a bit tedious. But don’t paint us all with the same brush, please.
@_date: 2019-02-03 03:34:34
Yeah, I guess you’re right. Those 2650 or so well-thought-out and extremely logical pages of the tax code that stay so stable from year to year, never being subject to the whims of any vote-seeking politicians, clearly are the epitome of US superiority at its best. I don’t know what I was thinking, and I owe you big-time for making it all so clear to me now. By the way, I didn’t realize that you were into crypto, but it’s been enlightening hearing your thoughts. This is John Koskinen, right? Congratulations on evading prison along with Lois.
@_date: 2019-06-25 19:53:36
The discussion had to do with us old farts, and his comment was a one-off. He gave his impression of the overall crowd here, I guess. But your comment, in the context of its placement, came across as referring to us old guys and not having any political meaning whatsoever. Hence my reaction, which I’m glad was a civil and reasoned one.
@_date: 2019-02-03 01:57:23
For crying out loud! In all my nearly 70 years I’ve never seen anyone pick a fight over defending our asinine tax system! Defending the indefensible! I’m fully compliant with the damn thing, but I sure as hell won’t defend it. Crypto is property? Sure! And I’ve got a 1040 tattooed on my ass!
@_date: 2019-10-03 01:52:00
That’s the message. A shriveled old raisin wasting away in an old folks’ home is the stereotype. That, my friend, isn’t perfect!
@_date: 2019-10-03 01:15:32
Sorry, but your stereotype needs some fine-tuning.
@_date: 2019-06-25 21:46:20
Ditto. On a different subject, are you from the UP, or do you just like the ring of “Keewenaw”?
@_date: 2019-06-25 02:20:10
Love it or hate it, this is one of the primary reasons for institutional interest in Bitcoin--because it has absolutely no correlation to any other asset class, even gold, somewhat surprisingly.
@_date: 2019-06-25 05:08:04
Don't write off all us old geezers, as so many on Reddit seem all too happy to do. I've been in this for three years now and had to convince my (grown up) kids that this is an opportunity to get in on the ground floor of something like the internet before anyone has a clue what it is or what it's potential is. I warned them of the crypto winter before it happened, not because I knew when it would hit but because I already had been through one and knew it was temporary. We may be the exception and not the rule, but I see so many self-satisfied generalizations in this sub about our generation's cluelessness that it tends to get a bit tedious sometimes. It certainly is refreshing to see the atta-boys for Dad here.
@_date: 2019-02-03 02:53:32
You look at your individual tax rate. I’m looking at the entire futile system. Probably a generational thing.
@_date: 2019-06-21 14:14:05
Not your taxable event, not your tax liability, to cop a popular theme from these pages.
@_date: 2019-06-25 15:15:05
There are no safe spaces on the rink, so hockey probably isn’t the sport for a large portion of the younger crowd today. Go Blues!
@_date: 2019-06-26 02:43:52
Native here, too, but haven’t lived there for nearly half a century. Still my home state, though!
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:01:55
It amazes me how people get into arguments on this sub defending our ridiculous tax system and profligate government. The issue being raised isn’t the necessity of taxes per se, it’s how the idiots in DC spend it. If any sane system were in place that gave half a damn for “the people”, we could pay a fraction of the taxes we pay and get a ton more for our dollars. But DC is a cesspool where money and power are all that’s important, and the governed are a joke. Maybe some day the starry eyed masses will begin understanding this. In the meantime, why the hell are you defending the system on this sub? Hell, I’m the old guy and you’re the millennial!
@_date: 2019-01-29 05:52:09
Funny.....I was face palming this entire thread, then I got to your post. Nailed it!
@_date: 2019-01-07 06:07:03
Today’s my 69th birthday, and if I dca, I raise my average by a bunch. I’ve got a fair amount sunk into a pretty wide range of cryptos (BTC still dwarfs the others, but getting into ETH at $10 didn’t hurt), but have harvested enough capital gains that I consider this year’s losses an inconvenience along a longer road, something this younger generation clearly hasn’t learned based on the constant Reddit whining we see. Yes, I know, my username checks out.
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:34:25
Not me.
@_date: 2018-12-17 18:20:42
I may be off base, but I chalk off the name callin to the era that invented micro-aggressions and safe spaces on college campuses rather than teaching young snowflakes to suck it up, because the world doesn't give a shit about your feelings or whether it agrees with you or not. But that's not the politically correct thing to teach, even if it's the truth. And I really don't think I'm off base.
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:20:28
I just love the venom and class envy on Reddit, not to mention how nearly everyone is so advanced at generalization and name-calling. I’ve never bragged about what our generation left behind, but you guys have seemingly abandoned the whole concept of personal responsibility, which is the core of what I was taught and passed along to my kids. I guess sucking it up and safe spaces are incompatible, though.
@_date: 2018-12-17 06:33:47
I haven't weighed into any of these discussions in quite a while, but I read them for perspective and occasionally for amusement. You and I generally have been on the same wavelength, cryptogrip, and your conversations seem to fall into two basic categories. One (not this particular one) is where people single you out for juvenile name calling, and that's the side of Reddit that sickens me. The other, like this one, is a good, well-reasoned discussion, where from my perspective the other side simply cannot think outside of what is known today. However, if you look at any major sea-change in technology (or anything else, for that matter) if you were to take the new norm after adoption and turn back the clock 15 or 20 years, you generally would see a world in which that new norm not only wasn't used, but often couldn't be imagined. I think this mental inertia, for lack of a more descriptive term, is what you keep running up against in trying to make your point. As an example example, instead of Bitcoin and fiat/payment systems, suppose you were having this discussion in the 1890s with a buggy maker about the role air dominance would play in warfare in the immediate future when cars were still a novelty. I suspect the nature of such a discussion would have made those appearing on this sub look like a parody, yet look what happened. It's hard for most people to wrap their mind around something beyond what is currently known, and that steers their thinking. I see that over and over in Reddit comments here and in other subs. For what it's worth.
@_date: 2019-05-05 20:17:00
I love all these all-knowing generalizations. Damn old people don’t know shit about technology! Put them in the homes and out of the millenials’ way, right? You don’t have anything to learn anyway.