@_author: cryptoclegislation
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:05:56
I've triggered the Noob response it seems. I understand that it's not a file but the key stored on the file or on any othrer media. I just thought perhaps something happened when it was used. Do you have an opinion on how it could be qualified?
Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:57:38
You can criminalize the use and possession easily. You don't need to criminalize numbers which would be idiotic. It could be something along the lines of: 
Is prohibited the use, transfer and possession of value via cryptography backed private currencies. Judges would then have to determine if what you were doing was indeed to participate in such a scheme. Other dispositions could be added for easier proof. Would it be enough to eradicate Bitcoin? No. Would it be enough to prevent it from becoming mainstream and widely used? I believe so.
What you say about competition between jurisdictions may be true for now but may not be in the future. It all depends on the level of tolerance to risk of the users. If and when thr average Joe starts paying in Bitcoins, I think you'll witness competition for more protective jurisdictions. This is an age old debate in securities law for which we do not have a definite answer.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:01:20
That I knew. But it's a deliberate choice. I'm not asking what will happen in the current state of things but rather what you think should happen. For instance, when funds are abandonnend in bank accounts for too long, they are transfered to the Central bank. What I thought was that those funds could be used and perhaps entrusted to the foundation to compensate victims of theft. It's just an idea I'm throwing out there.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:09:25
As long as Bitcoin is used as a currency this can be justifiable but as long as it will be  a speculation driven market it simply is a tool for big players to manipulate the market which will probably be a problem if Bitcoins becomes more popular. Governments won't let cryptocurrencies be used by Grandma and uncle Al without a stable value and protection against market manipulation.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:47:47
Thank you for clarifying this. The reason for "cold storage" is to prevent hackers from accessing the key I assume?
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:53:23
As I said I may not express my thoughts clearly in english. Please tell me exactly what makes you think I don't understand how it works and correct me if necessary. If it's about the "file" conception of Bitcoin, I read the Nakamoto paper but I just plain thought that the key was stored on the said file and wondered if something happend to it if coins were stolen.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:03:45
Often legislation in business and securities is not meant to be enforced but only used in case there is a problem. If no one has a problem with it, it won't matter if you don't follow the prescriptions of the law. It's just a tool for litigators. There is no central authority but there are a number of companies (that is real world entities) that can easily be regulated. Parliament can threaten to criminalize the possession, use and transfer of cryptocurrencies in order to force changes to the system. I think you underestimate the impact that such legislation would have. Yes you would be able to exchange Bitcoins but their value would plummet. It would be limited to a very small group of dedicated users which governments have no interest in protecting. I do not suggest we regulate Bitcoin itself necessarely but maybe as I said just those who offer services.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:53:44
Thanks for the info. It's always interesting to see how late we Quebecers are for just about anything technology related. It seems like the US have gotten the situation figured out already. I'll try to translate that into suggestions for canadian legislators. 
I'm rather troubled by some of the less helpful replies I've had. Yours points to interesting leads which I will follow. Thank you for your time.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:33:15
That is true. If I understand correctly, evrery transaction is apparent and tracable? I read that online exchanges require that their users identify themselves. Is this is a beautiful example of industry self-regulation or is it required where the biggest players are based? Anyway, I think if it is indeed so that you are right and that the threat of tax evasion and money laundering is exagerated by the mainstream media.