@_author: cryptostamp
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:01:13
You're right, I found out about that right after I made mine. However, they are charging you for every timestamp you perform. Just tried it now, they ask for 0.005 BTC which is like 5 bucks to timestamp one thing. Mine is completely free. There is a few drawbacks with my version which are probably ok given its free. There is a delay before its put into the bitcoin network, and you need to download a .csp file to ensure your proof lives past the lifetime of my website (I don't plan on turning off though).
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:43:13
Very cool. This can be done in many ways, bitcoin is convenient for several reasons. The merkle root could even be given to the new york times to publish in their newspaper each day (they probably won't do that though). It has a similar effect.
Can you explain these HP tamper proof PCI cards? I'm curious.
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:10:38
A hash is a function. It takes as input any file, regardless of size, and creates a small, fixed-size output. 32 bytes is a typical size of a hash output. Considering the hash of a file, it should be impossible to create a second different file that has the same hash. This is the key property of hash functions which is hard to ensure, but there are decades of cryptographic research ensuring that our hash functions are good and ensure this property.
The hash function is also deterministic, so the hash of your file is always the same. The cryptostamp server can just store your hash. So, each time you submit a file, the hash is computed, and it can check if you have submitted it before by checking the set of hashes it has seen so far.
If you change the file in any way, the hash of the file will be different. This definitely includes encrypting the file. So you could submit the plaintext version. Then after encrypting and decrypting it again you could submit the plaintext version again as it should be the same file. You could also just timestamp both the encrypted and plaintext version.
Let me know what questions you still have, its a complicated topic.
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:26:09
Currently, yes I am bloating the blockhain. I think its acceptable overhead since I spend 0.0000001 once per day regardless of how many people use it. And, I will be looking for a more efficient solution, I just work on this when I get free time. The video was my latest thing for it, I had problems explaining it well to less-technical people, which is a lot people that could use it.
I had a discussion with people about a month back on that. You can see that here. There was a lot of great ideas, and I'll look into implementing something in the future.
There are a few details making it obnoxious (not impossible) to implement right away. Otherwise I would, I have no interest or benefit in hurting bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:24:38
I opened the audio up, I tried several things to fix it, anyone an audio genius here?
If I completely redo the audio, I may just contract a voice-over which was recommended. That would fix audio popping and probably just sound more enthusiastic and better.
@_date: 2014-01-21 17:42:56
New edited version here, audio fixes
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:05:42
You can do either. File submission will calculate a hash client side. Also, you can submit a hash by putting it in hexadecimal form in the text box entry.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:53:18
You're right. You can change the definition to existing after a time to make sure it means coming out into the public after a certain time. Then your technique should work. Also, a counter-example to authorship makes no sense as you mentioned. So for certain scenarios, you can cleverly get the created after proof for a full timestamp window.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:20:31
I'm not Bre Pettis. Lol, who is that?
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:08:19
I've thought long and hard about proving content was created after some date as opposed to before. Its quite hard and maybe impossible to do in general. I think your idea could work for books/articles, since you can conveniently append some current event (current blockchain hash) into the article. Its done in hostage scenarios in movies (maybe in real-life too) where they prove a person is alive after a certain date by having them hold up a newspaper. For general files this is difficult to do. Its up to you to be creative if you need this proof of creation after some point in time.
In your case actually, nothing prevents you from writing the content of the article, waiting 10 years, and then appending this paragraph 10 years later with the current blockchain hash and resubmitting it to cryptostamp. With the photos of people and newspapers example, there is some assumption people cannot do this late appending with photoshop which may no longer be a good assumption.
@_date: 2014-01-21 05:16:39
Actually, right now its somewhat poor in this regard. It happens daily. This keeps the costs low as I need to pay a transaction fee each time I interact with the bitcoin network.
I want to make this hourly, I probably wouldn't make it any more fine-grained than that. If I get a few donations, I should be able to do this no problem. I think hourly would really help people use this for daily deadlines, if you submit near midnight it would take up to an hour to get perfectly proven. Depending on the application, an hour may be acceptable.
For minutes, seconds, or milliseconds, bitcoin would never work. It solves blocks roughly every 6 minutes. Let me know if you think of anything for problems of a second or millisecond granularity. I'm sure there are use-cases for those.
Variable intervals of blocks has some impact, but since I'm doing it so infrequently its not noticed too much. I submit once a day, so it may take somewhere between 1 and 10 minutes for it to get put in the blockhain.
The timestamp will be tied to all the work that was done between the timestamp and the current time as recorded in the block chain. The mathematical proof, basically shows that some ridiculously large number of hashes had to be computed if someone were to fool the system, otherwise it was just part of the bitcoin network. If someone could compute this ridiculously large number of hashes, they could alternatively ruin the entire bitcoin network instead of fake a few cryptostamps.
@_date: 2014-01-21 17:43:15
I had a lot of audio complaints, here is a new version:
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:18:04
I watched it. I see the voice similarity, maybe tech people tend to have a monotone, bland voice haha. He is wearing samba shoes in the interview, I also wear samba shoes. They're the black soccer-like shoes with the three white stripes.
That's a cool interview as well.
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:51:37
So instead of trusting my website to keep the merkle tree information, you rely on namecoin to keep it.
I know little of namecoin, is it expensive to make a transaction? I heard the namecoin hash is tied in with the bitcoin blockchain, is this true?
I'll look into, I like making things work better. There are strange things that may prevent me from doing it that way. One, it becomes even hard to explain to people, and this idea is worth very little unless common people can grasp it.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:22:19
You are right, if you are crypto-savy and have bitcoins, go for it, there are advantages to doing it yourself.
However, you need bitcoins to do that. My service lets anyone do this without having to use their own bitcoins. A lot of people don't have any bitcoins that would want to use this service.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:07:40
Cool! I took a quick look, I'll have to look in more detail later. It seems there are a few interesting different approaches for this problem. If you have any ideas on how to improve the website let me know (you are welcome to contribute and help). Were you able to avoid losing 0.0001 transaction fee when stamping on your server? I would like my website to perform stamping every hour instead of every day, but the bitcoin cost could be quite steep.
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:14:28
Yes. If the user doesn't trust my server to stay online, in order to continue to prove their timestamp they need to save the stamp proof. On the website, the text in the text box below would suffice. This appears upon entering a hash that has been in the database for a full day, try submitted "Crypto Stamp is born" as text to see this.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:56:20
The goal is to have the ability to prove some digital file existed at somem point in time. You can use your imagination as to why you need this, it could be homework due date, patent designs, or some legal documents.
You submit the file to the website. A hash is kept by the website. A hash of a file has awesome properties. Its small in size regardless of the file's size, no other file can be created that has the same hash (in practice this is true), and with the hash you never know the contents. Thus, the server just keeps the hash of all files submitted to it. The server could just keep track of the time of each hash, but that requires trust in the server. A bad server could just change the times it has stored, so enters the bitcoin aspect.
Each day, all of the hashes are combined using a Merkle Tree which the root of is submitted to the bitcoin block chain. I won't describe these Merkle Trees in detail, but they have nice properties where you can ensure your single hash was absolutely required to create the root.
Once a value is in the bitcoin blockchain, it remains there, and the time it entered cannot be altered by anyone. If you could alter the time then you could easily ruin the entire integrity of bitcoin.
This service does something you've probably done before. Shown someone a timestamp for say a picture on Facebook, e-mail in your g-mail, or post on reddit for some purpose. However, in each of those cases the servers (Facebook, g-mail, or Reddit) can very easily have changed the timestamp. With this website, you don't need to trust such a server, once its submitted and in the blockchain, cryptostamp.net could dissappear completely and you can still prove the existence in time of your digital file.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:11:30
Ok, that is clear. I also agree with your second point now. I was just unaware of this standard Base58 to private key conversion, I suppose its a way of backing up your wallet? I like simplicity, and I was going for simplest as well.
u/chairoverflow mentioned this which I know nothing about currently:
"addresses with all inputs spent will be pruned from blockchain your proof of existence would be deleted"
Do you know about this pruning, this could pose quite a problem.
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:20:22
They need just a subset of the nodes in the Merkle Tree. For instance in the tree of " the user needs the 5 which leaf hashes (blue is the content's hash). This Merkle tree could support up to 32 total hashes. I don't have a sleak way to give these 5 hashes to the user yet. The text commands given are sufficient for security, but they aren't exactly compact or clean. However, it does have the advantage of being completely transparent and trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:29:22
You are exactly right about the URLs. It is meant for static content like images or pdfs that are hosted online. I'll add a disclaimer about this.
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:17:06
Thanks for the comment, this is something I didn't think about. I'll look into details of this before going into fancy implementations. It might happen that the the simplest (seemingly dumbest) solution is the best.
@_date: 2013-12-28 21:39:07
The app currently does compute the hash and sends only that hash. The website currently does not, I'll implement that soon with the File API. You can achieve this through the website by performing the hash locally and send that hash to the website through text.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:12:38
I find the wasted Satoshi quite negligible, I lost about 1.0 Bitcoin since I mined it very early on when it was worth very little and reformatted that computer. To waste the same amount with this website, it would have to run for 250,000 years. Either way, I like clean solutions so I'll look into something more elegant and avoid angering the bitcoin religious types haha.
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:18:41
You're right, for a decentralized solution, the user would have to check back and download the proof the next day.
@_date: 2013-12-14 02:36:20
Thanks! I'm not the firs to develop the idea timestamping idea. I may be the first who can offer it for free to people along with strong guarantees offered by bitcoin. Hopefully its a step towards wider adoption.
You're pretty much right about the bitcoin part. Its only to get a value into the blockchain. Its existence in the block chain allows for the strong proofs.
I had a few ideas for it, but mostly I want to provide the service and see what other people may use it for. Which is why I'm glad you understood my ELI5 description (which I may put on the website) because if I can explain the concept well to non-technical people then a much larger, more diverse audience could participate. This would result in new ways to use it.
My first idea came from an apartment I had. I had gotten a puppy, and I was worried it may damage the place. However, there was already a little damage on some of the walls. I didn't want to tell the landlord "hey I think I have an apartment destroying monster but there's a few spots it didn't destroy". So it would of been nice to take pictures of the apartment right before I got the puppy, timestamped them permanently, and then when a move out a few years later I could prove which damage was from my monster and which was from previous tenants. I didn't happen to need it, they didn't check very well, but its one use-case, and I think people have a lot of weird situation where they may really like something like this timestamping service.
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:13:16
Right now, the user submits a hash, and then the next day they can submit the same hash. When a hash has already been submitted it instead returns information about the hash which includes the proof if it exists. Try submitting the string "Crypto Stamp is born" as text. You'll see what the proof looks like. There is a visual expalanation of the tree along with some text which could be run in a command-line.
I started this project this week, so I'm interested in ways to improve it. I could easily add a feature where the uploader could be e-mailed this proof.
The proof itself could be made more sleeker if people wanted to download an executable that checks for them. Right now it uses standard command-line functions and relies on the person to visually verify the hash results match inputs of other hashes.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:37:16
Actually, that website is missing out on the the crypto power of Merkle Trees. I can timestamp millions of documents in a day using only a single transaction. They have to charge users bitcoins it seems to perform this proof since they do a transaction per timestamp it seems, while I don't have to (given bitcoin cost today this is important).
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:51:13
Yeah I was totally wrong about the notes. Thanks for the info about paying 0 BTC, I'm happy to use this as it seems really clean and easy.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:50:45
I used the wrong term, you're right public notes is the blockhain.info thing. There is a way to put arbitrary data into a transaction. This service " does it, and its possible since there's a pretty capable scripting in the block chain " Most people just do simple transactions though. This technique would have two bitcoin addresses constantly sending each other bitcoins while putting hashes in these messages. It would require creating custom transactions and then signing and sending them (slightly painful but possible).
Just to clarify your solution. Use the hash to generate a private key, and then you can send to that address and back out and then publish the hash which created the private key. The prover with the hash, generates the private key and its associated public key then finds the Base58 encoding of the public key in the block chain. Let me know if this is what you mean.
I see no reason to convert the hash to Base58 for the private key, you could just feed the hash directly as a seed for generating the private key. Openssl should allow for this, you may also be able to directly use the hash as a private key (need to check protocol specifications). Perhaps Brainwallet easily does this when its Base58.
Edited: grammar
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:44:50
Great questions!
Why are you using a Merkle Tree instead of a hash of a list of all the document hashes?
You could get the same security with a list, its an optimization to use trees. Assume many hashes are sent during a day, say a million (I have big plans haha). In the list strategy, I need to return all hashes to that user so they can prove this themselves. With a merkle tree I need to get log2(a million) which is about 20 hashes.
Don't you need to know all the document hashes in the tree to verify a document? How can an independent party do this just by looking at the blockchain?
With a merkle tree you need to know about just specific nodes which are results of all the hashes that day. As mentioned in the first question, you need a logarithmic number of hashes.
Aren't you loosing timestamp precision by making just one transaction per day? Is there a way to differentiate the time of two documents submitted the same day?
I am losing precision. Ideally I would like to perform this stamping every hour (roughly every 10th block would have a stamp from me). However, it costs me 0.0001 BTC each time in transfers (~10 cents in USD). Right now I'm happy to pay this myself daily, but I'd be more than happy to do this hourly if it actually started getting used and more popular. Alternatively, if donations came in that were enough to support this I would do it hourly as well.
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:17:41
If the original content is deleted, this doesn't help at all in proving what it was. The user should keep the photo or whatever content themselves. I actually never want to know the content I'm timestamping as it could be privacy sensitive.
@_date: 2013-12-28 21:43:22
Goto both of those websites and try to timestamp something. They ask you for money.
@_date: 2013-12-13 16:39:52
Oh I did not know haha, I'll have to see if there is anything different about mine.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:52:20
I had some others commenting about this feature, so you pushed me over the edge to implement it. I knew about the javascript hashing. Actually the far more obnoxious part was using the javascript FileAPI correctly (getting the file contents to be hashed). Hopefully many browsers support this.
I understand the possible security implications of trusting an outside javascript hash function. I think that level of attack is similar to a whole slew of nasty attacks that are possible since I'm running the website as http and not https. I'll look into https eventually.
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:50:05
I think you're right. Perhaps I'm wrong about this technique, I'm recalling from my memory when I thought about this long ago. I'll think about it and look around to see if there is some hope in a technique like this, it seems you already tried something along these lines with OP_RETURN.
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:07:57
Sure, I'll send you a PM.
@_date: 2013-12-28 19:15:40
For those who saw my post a few weeks ago this makes sense. For others, you may want to read a discussion about Crypto Stamp itself first:
In short, I wanted to leverage how Crypto Stamp can timestamp numerous things quite easily at low cost and overhead on the Bitcoin network. So, perhaps people can get use out of timestamping all of their camera photos on their phone. Feel free to try it out (everything is free).
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:04:56
Yes you can do that, just send the hash in the text input box.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:04:20
You can achieve the same goal except its manual. Its achievable since I allow for arbitrary text to be submitted, and you can locally compute the hash with the command-line and then submit the result. I like their approach for this part better, and I didn't think about that or know how to do that when I was creating the website.
@_date: 2013-12-15 16:43:55
Sorry for the late reply, but thanks for the interesting thought. I was assuming the prover would have access to the full block-chain content. But, it would definitely be sleeker and cooler if they didnt' even need that. You suggested a way to do this. You're right that it may seem to only work short-term.
@_date: 2013-12-14 02:40:48
I don't fully understand. You think I should include part of the block chain into my Merkle Tree? This would prove the Merkle Tree was created after some point in time. The main goal of this work is to prove content existed before some point in time. Let me know if I misunderstood what you're getting at.
As a side note, proving something existed after some point in time is an interestingly hard question in the digital world. The equivalent of this is in hostage movies, the captors take a picture of the hostage holding that day's newspaper to prove that person existed (is alive) after that point in time. Its hard to come up with an analogy for that in the digital worl.
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:42:35
You're definitely right that leveraging the Bitcoin network for timestamping is not a novel idea (I don't claim that).
However, this website is the only free service for provable timestamping that I know of.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:11:02
I see, this was kind of my assumption about it.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:23:44
I'll look into this. I also got suggestions of paying 0 BTC to an address and using a rarely used public notes feature.
Edit: notes is a bad idea, ignore that