@_author: cryptoxgeek
@_date: 2018-09-14 13:39:24
Yeah in the down market about all I CAN afford are the stickers... 
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:30:01
So a question - Does anyone still offer these type if cards? Maybe a newer company not co-branded yet that is interac card payment? I know PayPal in a NO, what about AlliPay, etc?
Would like to see some one do a write-up on this or if you know of an article, a link please.
Not so much interested in fiat withdraw, just point of purchase. I have only been able to do so with BTC in a couple instances, VPN access, goods trade with a seller one-to-one.
@_date: 2018-09-14 13:17:57
Wording should read de-CENTERized blockchain. 
Every letter makes an important distinction. 
It's like saying "shall" vs. "may" in a contract document. Not the same at all in meaning.
Ah the growing pains, false starts and lessons learned along the journey.
@_date: 2018-08-09 16:10:09
If it dropped to 5K, definitely 4K I'd say there would be more panic than right now... It still is an inflated coin with many issues. Both total volume and the total transactions per second. When others exist that can do one better than Bitcoin it's hard to place it at the top just because it was a " first mover". Many industries have seen brands go off into the sunset. Bitcoin will always have a place in history but I find it hard to put it as the end successor for crypto looking to the future. But it's quite a "toss-up" for what will emerge from the other projects. Maybe a year or two until we see definitive options in real use by those outside of the inner circle. It's comming...
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:43:20
So what about today... Solo LUCK mining, POOL mining or ALT mine another SHA-256. What would you do?
Picked up a USB stick and a Block Erruptor CUBE as a history piece. Tried running both to verify they are functional. 
Issue with the CUBE is it's GET WORK and it and the PC on my home network monoplized traffic on the router. 
So what has me curious is how to scale you data traffic if mining off an ISP from home so as not to max out your limits with Mining, VoIP, Streaming TV and just Interactive Gaming?
@_date: 2019-10-18 13:08:55
It’s relative... if your in Venezuela then 100,000,000x is possible, elsewhere 10x.
So we are back to the valuation vs. innovation issue as success, adoption, where’s the money vs. follow the money? 
Blockchain is making inroads but who and how to value those gains?
Sad to say just FOMO and Store of Value is not the whole story ahead.
@_date: 2018-06-27 16:21:39
For the average expense, dinner, coffee, a night on the town.... IDK.... Still way to costly for BTC transactions for basic purchases. 
Now using LTC or some other ALT coin it might work because it's pennies per TX, but unless your spending $1000's some of the fees are too high for the BTC use cases for the user. 
I remember TX costs of $15-$25 for BTC xfers. Yes, might be less now, but still way out of line compared to other options. What are you being hit with on an avg TX on a transaction?
@_date: 2019-10-18 12:58:00
For anyone that remembers pre-DVD, well there was technically better Sony BetaMax but VHS prevailed until DVDs overshadowed.
Bitcoin could face the same end, but not the Blockchain it will continue on but with who/what in the drivers seat?
@_date: 2019-10-18 12:53:23
So Bitcoin has had it’s impact both ups and downs, like was in another post mentioned people only want to talk... Price... Not innovation!
What other Crypto, Blockchain, Token project will have an impact for the future and make a change tomorrow... Ideas?
I see the supply chain of custody ideas as having promise, geo tracking (ehh needs massive adoption to work), but what others should be on the radar?
@_date: 2018-06-30 04:15:26
Whoo Hoo... Bitcoin has passed $6400... Like I'm real impressed... Looooooog way yet to go!
Meanwhile... Verge is trying to get it's 2 cents in (literally, currently worth 2 cents last peek). 
I have no idea if that project will recover from Pornhub and various attacks that have taken it to new lows.
Every coin, token needs to have a rating from 0-100 on the BBF (Blockchain Bull$÷=t Factor)
I don't care about price, volume, rank... but I do  rather wish to focus on what it's solving in its implementation on the blockchain. This is where the real value will be developed in to the future.
@_date: 2019-10-18 13:27:02
First you can’t make certain hard assumptions that the USD, POUND, YUAN or any other currency will dominate in future. 
Second one massive WAR with massive EMPs (or Solar Event) and where will all your crypto keys or blockchain records exist? POOF!!!
Third only in a post apocalyptic future do hard skills and goods have real value. The paper currency will be worthless, also any crypto hard to transact if at all (who or what will validate).
Still any hard coinage maybe still worth something as currency or identifiable barter measure (wildly fluctuating) or at least mintable into ammo. At this point the legality to deface it would be a mute point.
(Item  is a real concern for blockchain of any crypto - thoughts?)
@_date: 2018-03-15 12:18:34
I think he might have meant "stalk market"... I mean he is talking about going out on a limb, with something known to fail at some point being overweighted/rated while telling the buyer they "can" afford the home.
@_date: 2018-03-11 18:39:42
Which is why due diligence is so important to investing in bitcoin or any crypto project.
Interoperability will be the  consideration along with the secure assest accounting consensus of the blockchain. Research those products that differentiate these strengths.
The underlying cause of why interest in BTC and LTC will wain is that they are dinosaurs in terms of functionality. This will doom them to being replaced with other crypto that can handle e-commerce real-time (which business demands), with faster transparent ledger accountabilty and at minimal TX expense. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:36:02
Is there a Crucial Benefit from an OLD address, like in terms of coin Forks? Does it matter for those and receiving free coins after a fork?
@_date: 2017-10-10 14:33:01
Great all in ONE place...YouTube!
Preeching to those masses may be saturated, some have taken action others not. Preeching to the choir does not push beyond current exposure level, YABV. How to reach the people most affected or soon to be is the key point. Outside the forums, YouTube and to some point tech itself. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 14:16:54
Showing, Educating rather than just hand outs...(i.e. Give a man a fish or Teach a man to fish). For those that may have heard or bitcoin but have yet to see it's relevance in their future, new independence or an enlightenment is a good focus. Not handouts...
As mentioned the youngest sectors are already tech savvy and accepting. Older sectors, many have been hoodwinked too many times before by others, quick to shy away to new ideas for better or worse. Partly media and fear driven controls over time wear down even the best and brightest from being open to change. 
While the Banksy style is intriguing, some might view this in a negative way, but it does carry the tactic of we are not going to be slienced. However look at Banksy and the your typical graffiti and while they are a similar medium, one evokes a deeper thought process and a message, the other just carving one's initials on turf. Any ideas of Banksy's take on Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-10-10 13:49:23
With all the talk of China exchange closings, big organizations and nation players are seeking to control even squelch bitcoin and other altcoins.
Some sponsorship of an EFF-like group that can both promote and work for goals like net neutrality seems key to not only to the promotion but also survival.
@_date: 2017-10-05 00:27:26
Texas... Quite a few in bit cities...
Seems 8% is a pretty good norm (still high IMO) but yes there are those that are 20-23%, this was my first experience, turned around and walked away to one 3mi away that was 8%... Found out later is was as low as 5% but tiered at 2K. 
FYI, Some will only ask for verify by SMS, others request you scan scan id (pass), provide email. You have to seek them out, CoinSource highest fees here, wants id verification and for some reason treats my cellphone as VoIP when its not and won't accept me. BitcoinTAO was the best all around for me for fees and is local.
All should be able print a transaction slip with txid info while you wait 30m - 3hrs+ for the verification(s).
Also verify QR code reads right.. NOT at a BitATM but in another transaction I had a QR code scan wrong*, so yes it CAN happen. Just saying verify everything before you commit to a one-way transaction that can NOT be reveresed. Take a deep breath and chill till you get the first verification, then you know all the address info processed correctly. It's NOT instant..
*on that note... How can you be certain paper wallets will scan correctly with out actually using/transfer the coins. I know it's tempting to print those colorful QR codes that resemble bills, but do yourself a favor and use a laser printer, you risk smeared fuzzy codes with an inkjet printer and unreadable funds.
@_date: 2018-07-30 13:33:12
Very intersting indeed... I need to read up on immersion cooling, this Texas heat is a killer with 111° recently. Just a small single rig makes a smaller room quite uncomfortable. Time to build my 1st immersion PC as a trial, then add miners as a next phase.  
I think removing ALL fans would be better and setting up jets more like a hot tub would be the most effective way to go to direct the flow through where it needs to go rather than fans stirring at less than speed under resistance. But then I'd use much lower pressure because I doubt you would want to introduce any air bubbles.
Also it seems a oneway trip for hardware and the thoughts of cleaning the oil off sounds like a nightmare. So what would the process be to clean a card or board removed from a tank? A generic type degreaser or something more specific? During tests its likely to be a mess till its all setup just right.
@_date: 2018-07-04 12:40:31
They hear... "I'm a hacker working on BIT COiNS going to a convention of other hackers".
Since my Bitcoin equates to cons (many alt coins being pump and dump) I become a "person of interest". Saying "Bitcoin" equates to yelling "Fire" or "Gun" in certain circles and certain to draw unwanted attention ans panic.
@_date: 2018-07-30 13:42:34
What us the ideal temp for your oil mixture in the tank. What's a realistic target temp to strive for in building a rig/tank? Viscosity wise you can only go cool before other issues develop.
Do you experience issues in the surroundings like in a kitchen where there are oil fryers in use (albeit @ 350°F) but is there still oil film transfer even at the lower temps in the air and areas?
@_date: 2017-10-10 14:24:17
Best sticker idea...
"Bitcoin NOT accepted here...BUT WHY???" Or WTF!
Back to the education path...