@_author: cryptoguard
@_date: 2018-10-05 00:37:07


Thank god! I personally am very disappointed with how crypto has turned in the past year or two. Used to be all about decentralization and super ideology driven...now it's all about lambos and moon. Great that you guys are sticking to the plot, and thanks for that ;)
@_date: 2018-10-12 16:38:19
There's one under development that I know of and that should be releasing between here and Q1 2019. A thousand apologies if it sounds like shilling lol, not the intention, just answering the question but yeah I know, still under development xD.   
It's called Particl, it is its own blockchain and not some random Ethereum token, but it's also built to accept most cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin of course. There's also going to be a decentralized escrow mechanism without third-parties which means no fees for any of the participating party, which probably means even cheaper prices than on Fiverr/UpWork since freelance service providers can lower their prices and make the same amount of profits (or they could keep their prices the same and make more profits too).    
The first version is not going to be specifically ONLY about freelance services, it's actually going to be more of a eBay-style marketplace but it can totally work as a freelance service marketplace. The team's going to release an SDK later this year or early next year which will make creating an alternative version of the marketplace specifically focused on freelance services pretty much trivial (since the underlying marketplace protocol will already be live, it will mostly be about redesigning and rethinking a new UI more fit to freelance services). I know this because I have had discussions with Particl community members this week about specifically repackaging the marketplace into a freelance service marketplace. In a way, Particl can pretty much become a "market of markets" as eventually there will be a few marketplace types available directly from the same client.   
If you want more info about it you should check out Particl's website here: [particl.io]( it does need to be reworked a bit (the message is not entirely clear), but it should give you a rough idea of the project. If not, [particl.wiki/what-is]( is a good BUT technical resource.   
Cheers mate!                              
@_date: 2018-06-25 00:38:12
If you don't want to spend your Bitcoins or any of your other alts then yeah, that project probably isn't for you. Particl is simply taking the same concept as Bitcoin (decentralization, trustlessness) and extending it to the eCommerce industry. It's even built on the BTC codebase...onto which were added several security and privacy measures such as RingCT, CT and cold staking PoS. These are all firsts in crypto by the way.
Also, as stated by Edward Snowden: "Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say."
Not sure why you are hating so much, it may not be for you but this project has some serious technical innovations and resolves real world problems. Some vendors will want to receive crypto or BTC or even PART. Vendors will want to avoid to do business on a platform that takes barely any fee from them (vs Amazon's 15% to 40% cut, + membership fee). Vendors will want to bypass escrow fees. Somr vendors will be happy to be able to sell online (because they can't sell on amazon or ebay due to their geographical location). Particl is even aiming at eventually integrating fiat gateways. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 18:54:09
Non-PART tx need are automatically transfered in PART at the moment you check out so that it can utilize the markeplace' smart-contract based escrow system as well as the RingCT protocol to make purchases fully untraceable. How is it bad that the coin allows this, but also allows you to use almost any currency? Wouldn't you rather spend your BTC at almost no fee rather than cash out and spend on fiat on the same item? I sure as hell would prefer to buy with crypto directly rather than go through all the hoops of cashing out.
As for the value of the coin, it's actually neat that even non-PART transactions generate buy pressure for the PART coin...but in the end you don't even have to use the PART coin if you want to be 100% BTC. It's actually much more realistic than all the ICOs thinking everybody's gonna magically use their shitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:28:03
100% accurate
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:14:56
You should dig into the Clintons and their Foundation. Bill sold uranium directly to Russia and pocketed the money through the Clinton Foundation. Hillary is also a well-known warmonger, a cheater and a liar. Say what you like about Trump, but he won it fair and square while Hillary never cared about democracy when she cheated her way through her nomination as Democrat candidate. "What Happened" 
Should've been Bernie for the Democrats, I agree. He got cheated by his own party. He would have lost as well against Trump because socialism isn't that popular in the United States.
@_date: 2017-09-04 21:33:21
Who's "we"? You're not speaking for anyone
@_date: 2018-07-19 17:59:48
Yes! There's the mistaken belief that only "smart-contract platforms" can do decentralized applications, but everybody seems to forget that Bitcoin is one such platform! No, it doesn't allow you to play with the coding language as much as Ethereum allows you to do, and in a way it may make for less complex and harder to code DApps, but they are much more secure for that very reason. How much in fiat valuation was stolen/hacked on the Ethereum chain these last two years? And I'm not talking about exchange hacks, but [multi-sig address failures]( [ERC-20 token exploits]( [exploits of smart-contract code (The DAO, anyone?)]( and etc. Long story short, Ethereum is a bit of a hot potato right now and we shouldn't assume this won't happen in equally open-ended decentralized application platforms.   
On the other hand, Bitcoin allows developers to code smart-contracts and decentralized applications that benefit from a more robust, stable and battle-tested environment. That also does not mean that, since the Bitcoin coding language is not as flexible, that DApps built on the Bitcoin codebase are any less interesting.   
The proof is the coin mentioned in this post: Particl. It's built (and always maintained too) on the latest Bitcoin codebase, so it's in its essence, a true Bitcoin-based coin. It focuses on decentralized applications and privacy and is 100% open-source AND compatible with Bitcoin (Bitcoin devs could merge any development on Particl). They're working on their first decentralized application (and correct me if I'm wrong, but could that be Bitcoin's first large-scale decentralized application?) which is a full-blown privacy-focused (actually, private-**by-design**) decentralized marketplace. It's designed to accept almost any coin through atomic swaps/integrated third-parties and works using RingCT, the privacy protocol made popular by Monero. Note that it is the first time ever a project brings the RingCT privacy protocol on top of Bitcoin codebase (as opposed to the objectively inferior Cryptonote codebase). They've also released a smart-contract that transforms their PoS algorithm into a cold staking algorithm, using ONLY smart-contracts as available to code on Bitcoin. **Again, having the coding language being more rigid on Bitcoin DOES NOT mean decentralized applications built on the Bitcoin codebase are any less interesting than on any other decentralized application platform.**
Anyway, I could go on and on about this project because I'm obviously a fan, but just wanted to highlight that smart-contracts on Bitcoin is a highly overlooked feature of Bitcoin and its codebase.
@_date: 2018-07-20 16:59:11
I would argue it's good that some altcoins try to push the limits! We don't want to see Bitcoin integrating some random protocol and see it fail. I like how Bitcoin takes the super conservative approach, it's become so big now that changing anything major become super risky.   
i.e. Ethereum planning on switching to PoS is pretty much reckless in my own opinion!
@_date: 2018-04-21 18:14:27
Particl has CT on mainnet right, is based on the latest 0.16 BTC codebase and is working on Bulletproofs to get them mainnet this year. They are already working on RingCT which they have successfully launched on testnet last year (on BTC codebase, not Cryptonote). Particl is basically what Bitcoin would have looked like if it were adopting most of the crazy nice BTC development (smart-contracts, LN, Black LN (RingCT/CT tx on th LN), native Segwit, and they're looking into/researching stuff like MAST, Schnorr signature, Dandelion, etc)
Pardon me my shilling, but it did look like a good opportunity to throw Particl in here without going too offtopic :p