@_author: cryptoeditor
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:15:28
Valid point but for me its not speculation, i could actually for future reference do screen shots of the altcoins along with btc and eth invested in and they are all following the same linear path of increase or decrease, i just find it so hard to believe, or is it that there is much more to this than most miners or people in btc know. How so many can be so directly related to each other. Ive been invested in stocks for years. Yes if you see dowj or nasdaq go down significantly of course the many under those reflects that that. Bu because they go down doesn't mean every single stock on market does as well. Its amazing how much people talk about ethereum being different. Even when we had the small bubble lil over month ago, we saw the exact same thing happen
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:15:37
True i see your point, it not supposed to socialistic experiment, the issue i see if it does takeoff rapidly as a world currency as we are already beginning to see one country at a time adopt its use, of the 7.5 billion world population, here are questions what pop in my head 1) of that 7.5 billion how many have a stake in bitcoin and im talkin even down the a single satoshi period. 2) how much of the population still doest even know what the $ a bitcoin is needless to say even though its been around all these years, i actually brought it up to my friend other weeks a normal bluecollar worker in regular city has internet and cable has not ever heard once in his life of bitcoin until i brought it up last week.
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:22:37
Ultimately we could only hope for that which in my opinion is only wishful thinking, take a look at humanity and evolution greed ruins everything as it will until we all leave this world. I see countless people on here during time of national disasters begging for bitcoin and ethereum using it as an opportunity. Humanity has proved once someone sees opportunity they exploit it to the last drop that they possibly can. Sure mark zuckerberg and bill gates give there monthly 5-10 million dollar checks back to youth organizations and charity donations mostly nothing more than publicity as we all know. So there will be nothing different when there is one or two trillionaire bitcoin hodlers that dish out thousands of satoshis here and there, just as those guys do. 