@_author: crypto_voter
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:29:54
You are correct that completely cost-less voting invites vote passing.  
Since having Bitcoins tied up and voluntarily not spendable is a real cost, requiring sufficiently high +n confirmations at the voting block deadline could increase costs enough to discourage vote-passing or voting by unauthorized fiduciaries (i.e., exchanges, mining pools, etc...).
@_date: 2015-09-22 01:04:56
Actually, there is a cost involved, which can be increased to deal with vote selling or unauthorized fiduciary voting (i.e., exchanges, mining pools, escrow, etc...).  
Specifically, if having Bitcoins locked-up and voluntarily unable for trade or use is a cost, then said cost could be increased by requiring +n confirmations at the voting block deadline for the votes to count.  A sufficiently high +n confirmations could be costly enough to deter free vote selling and unauthorized voting by fiduciaries.
@_date: 2015-09-17 20:06:16
A few clarifications:  As per the information found on the voting website and the github source-code:
1.  The open-source blockchain voting client provides an option for users to manually vote through their own bitcoin wallet without the client's involvement.  Furthermore, instructions on manual voting are provided on the website so users never have to even install the open-source blockchain voting client.  Only if the user requests for the voting client software to automatically cast votes on their behalf, will it access their wallet.  This option was only added during alpha-testing because users specifically requested it.
2.  Users can publicly audit votes themselves by using a blockchain explorer to search for the matching voting address prefixes with balances at the designated voting blockheight.  They can retrieve the question info (e.g., voting address prefixes) from different public sources (i.e., voting website, forums, social media, etc...) because voting is completely decentralized.  CryptoVoter provides options to either automatically collect or create the same information that the end user can manually collect or create themselves.  CryptoVoter is not required for decentralized blockchain voting.
But you are correct that coins are tied up until the voting block deadline has passed.  This may be considered a cost in voting directly proportional to stake held to vote.
The source-code is available on github here:
The voting website with information on past, current and future votes can be found here:
@_date: 2015-10-22 04:31:58
CryptoPolls is a more accurate description and less threatening too.  Point taken.
@_date: 2015-10-21 22:10:14
Good points.
The problem with having uneducated voters is real.  Making the votes non-binding so that developer still have the ultimate say could somewhat mitigate the issue.  Also, making voting power proportional to the number of Bitcoins owned (like shares held by a shareholder in a corporation) could incentivize those with a bigger stake in the outcome to become more informed on the issues to be voted on as well.   Again, the purpose in developing CryptoVoter was to give Bitcoin owners a voice where they previously had none and incentivize information sharing between devs, miners and coinholders.
The final issue you bring up is also a valid point.  To address the issue of unauthorized third-party fiduciaries (i.e., exchanges, mining pools, escrows, etc...) casting votes with coins in their possession, we have considered requiring +n confirmations at the voting block deadline.  Specifically, by requiring +n confirmations in order for a vote to count, voting would effectively lock up coins in order to vote, so requiring a sufficiently high +n confirmations could require coins to be locked up long enough to discourage voting by unauthorized third-party fiduciaries and vote selling.  The drawback to this approach is that it would empower longterm Bitcoin holders at the expense of short-term coin holders.  It could also lead to de-anonymization from timing attacks (h/t to muyuu).  There are additional proposals to address these issues too but didn't want to go too off-topic in our response.
While not perfect, we are looking for a decentralized way to give Bitcoin holders a voice in development issues without changing the Bitcoin code itself, even if only as a weak non-binding check against rogue developers or mining pools deciding to make controversial changes to the code
Again, we released CryptoVoter open-source in beta to get this kind of feedback from the community and we really appreciate the comments.
@_date: 2015-10-07 23:51:58
I believe this is what they are looking for.
"So let’s make this perfectly clear: Yes, private blockchains are just a way to share a database. But they enable a new type of shared database, with huge implications for the financial world and beyond. And if you’re willing to read on, I’m going to tell you exactly why."
@_date: 2015-10-21 21:39:52








Thanks for bringing this up.  
To be clear, we at CryptoVoter are opposed to removing psuedo-anonymity; we are against blacklisting coins; and we do not support any measures to make the Bitcoin codebase friendly to regulation or governments...and we have no opinion on the blocksize issue.  
We listed those controversial ideas on the front page because, in the not-too-distant past, some developers have indeed considered implementing those very ideas unilaterally (but fortunately never did).
As such, we chose those extreme examples to illustrate the dangers of centralized top-down development where developers can unilaterally make changes to the Bitcoin codebase that weaken certain pro-freedom functionality without any support from the community or coin-holders/stake-holders.  
The reality is that development centralization and mining centralization are potentially serious weak points that future governments and/or corporations can one day exploit.
Currently, Bitcoin owners have no say in any controversial development matters, so we at CryptoVoter simply want to give the asset owners (e.g., Bitcoin coinholders) a voice in any controversial development issues and we listed those named issues to illustrate that point.
@_date: 2015-10-22 04:34:31
The statement that private keys are ever put online is incorrect.
Private keys never leave the user's possession before, during or after voting, as users generate private keys locally on their machine and import them into their local wallet in order to send coins to themselves to vote, so private keys are never placed online.