@_author: cryptodraftsman
@_date: 2015-03-19 12:49:25
I know it feels like the law of the horse but the thing is crypto is spilling into the real world and I hope the model law would serve as a form of connecting link. Allowing for regulation wherever Bitcoin interacts with the physical world and allowing for a deregulated marketplace where the transactions are purely in the digital domain. 
In Re the tax provisions I understand your worry, however, the model law only deals with how they are treated. i.e. Under the model law as applied to the US, BTC capital gains exceeding 200$ will be liable to tax as the tax code only taxes capital gains in excess of 200$. So by treating it as a capital gain we aren't mandatorily taxing it. It will be taxed as a capital gain in terms of the applicable tax legislation. 
I understand the worry in relation to legal tender but its specific to merchants operating from a physical location. I.e if I'm selling online it won't apply. But if I say set up a corner store in New York that only accepts bitcoin then the provision will apply and require me to accept USD at that store as well. The reason behind it is that as Bitcoin grows it shouldn't affect the manner in which consumers can access current services etc. Like I wouldn't want to be in a situation where I couldn't buy a pack of cigarettes cause I only have USD not Bitcoin. Its a complimentary position but I'm open to removing it if it seems problematic. :-). 
@_date: 2015-03-19 10:25:48
Yeah I know Bitcoin transfers cannot be regulated. 
But you can regulate an exchange or a place where people store their bitcoins right? I mean if I've got BTC in digital wallet I'd like some security in knowing that if the operator of that wallet will not steal my BTC. That we can regulate. We can't regulate transfers but we can regulated intermediaries. 
We can ensure that intermediaries can be trusted as they would be regulated by law. We can reduce the amount of bitcoin theft this way. 
That's the same model used to regulate the internet. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 12:50:57
What prompted me to draft this model law was the bit license. Its clear that Governments want to regulate but they have no idea how to cause they don't understand bitcoin yet. Lets give them a model law that works for both so that we can get some stability. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 13:02:50
No if we don't contribute and help with a model law and exclude the bureaucrats you'll get a law that's as insane as the bit license. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 13:12:28
Carried out the amendment. :-). It now says [such] merchant. 
Please do spread the word about the draft so that we can get more comments and actually hash this out into a model law we can submit as a community to governments  
@_date: 2015-03-19 10:12:51
 I've taken the liberty of drawing up a model law to prevent issues like what happened with Evolution for happening. Do check it out. 