@_author: crypton8
@_date: 2015-06-11 23:54:49
Centralization is a BUG.
Here is a lesson for you.  If you want to innovate in todays "free" society, don't use servers.  Someone builds a completely open marketplace, free of regulation - gets life in prison.
In it’s wake, (and because of it’s demise) another builds the same thing, except without that bug.  The DarkMarket, (now known as OpenBazaar) doesn’t have servers that can be taken down.  And that is all it takes to fix the bug. Apparently there is nobody but society to blame for what people do.
The same intentions, without the centralization bug, wins you a hackathon first place prize, and a year later, the project raises 1 million in seed funding from Horowitz and other big players.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:00:30
Is Bitcoin Dead? $1 Billion In Startup Investment Says No
Bitcoin has been declared dead about ninety times since it’s release in 2009, but this time it’s different. Instead of a media outlet breathlessly repeating assurances from a banking sector executive that the first blockchain based virtual currency is dead, the source of the obituary was none other than Mike Hearn, a leading Bitcoin developer.
Hearn’s post on Medium exposed some of the inner workings of the Bitcoin industry, focusing in particular on the deadlock among developers regarding how to increase the maximum number of transactions per second. Hearn deserves to be heard, given the time he has devoted to making Bitcoin work, but many of his concerns have been blown out of proportion.
The majority of the article discusses an issue that has been in hot debate since the middle of 2015, the scalability of the Bitcoin’s underlying ledger mechanism, the blockchain.  Bitcoin currently has the ability to handle between 3 and 7 transactions a second due to a mix of the current 1mb limit per entry to the blockchain, called a block, combined with the current methods of uploading the transactions. As it turns out, the number of Bitcoin transactions are growing at such a rate, that we, as an industry, needed to start thinking about scalability as early as last year.
Hearn’s proposed solution is a new version of the Bitcoin protocol, called BitcoinXT. There were many changes, but most importantly the block size was expanded by a factor of eight. Other developers feared that the increased block size would make it harder for smaller miners, industry players who validate transactions in exchange for the ability to create Bitcoin and receive transaction fees, to participate. The consolidation of miners would lead to centralization, removing much of the security and efficiency attributed to Bitcoin.
The other concern was the transition from Bitcoin to Bitcoin XT. The proposed modification would be added to the official software immediately, but would not activate until 75% of all clients running the Bitcoin protocol, called a node, were upgraded. The nodes that did not upgrade would continue running, but with a separate view of the state of the Bitcoin blockchain.
Recommended by Forbes
This separation is conceptually similar to the dreaded ‘hard fork’, a situation where there are two different versions of a blockchain. During a hard fork, many of the checks and balances that keep Bitcoin running falter until the industry decides which blockchain is the most legitimate. The theory is that since BitcoinXT would be an intentional, in place upgrade of the existing system, announced well in advance, there shouldn’t be any question as to which version of the blockchain is correct.
While an important voice, Hearn is not the only one and there are other solutions being tested. Bitcoin Classic, another scheme to expand the Bitcoin block size, is supported by over 50% of all the miners (something which Hearn mentioned was blocking the increase of the blocksize), as well as big players like blockchain.info, Bitstamp, and Xapo. Developers have also been developing new scaling technologies that neither increase the blocksize nor risk a hard fork, such as Segregated Witness and the Lightning Network. There is more than one method for Bitcoin to make it over this transaction volume hurdle.
Hearn spent months trying to shepherd Bitcoin XT through the internal development process. When it became clear this was not going to happen, he left Bitcoin for R3, an organization that is building tools for banks with non-Bitcoin based blockchains. Several months after joining R3, Mike released his post on the failure of Bitcoin, highlighting lack of scalability.
Hearn’s post posits an end to Bitcoin, the latest and certainly most interesting among the nearly hundred predictions of its demise. His frustration even after months of no longer working directly with the development team comes shining through. As bad as his assessment sounds, the future is a bit more benign.
Last year, it was announced that over $1bn had been invested in various Bitcoin oriented operations. This is a pool of entities that have both talent and financial resources. While many are chewing over Hearn’s missive, this group is having internal discussions about what to do next. Despite a perceived scalability problem, for which fixes are being developed, these companies are growing fast, with new technologies like Bitcoin debit cards and better ways to pay international contractors.
Hearn’s post has already been added to the Bitcoin obituary list, but when we look back on this event it will look more like he applied the defibrillator paddles to the Bitcoin protocol development team.
So how does this affect entrepreneurs in the industry? For us, it was all about managing fear, uncertainty and doubt. You see, after Hearn published his post, concerned parties started reaching out from various aspects of our business, from investors and partners to even entrepreneurial friends in our personal lives. To those reaching out from outside the industry, it seemed that an impending doom was upon us.  After several conversations, one by one, we managed to reassure our stakeholders that everything was fine.
Will this be the last time we will have to deal with this sort of industry doubt?  The previous 90 declared deaths to Bitcoin point to a resounding no. Luckily, $1bn in startup investment, a fast growing industry, and a group of core developers dedicated to scaling Bitcoin means that companies like ours are here to stay.