@_author: cryptologistic
@_date: 2017-12-16 08:45:14
BITCOIN vs BITCOIN CASH, THE BRANDING EXPLAINED ( I'm neither pro Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash, this was a impartial text I wrote based on facts, sources are only the whitepapers and information relating to Segwit and Segwit2x.) 
Bitcoin is the real Bitcoin at it was started however as adoption grew Bitcoin needed to come up with a scalability solution to both speed transactions confirmation times and to reduce transaction fees. As Bitcoin is open source the community with vested interests are the ones who decide the future of the project. 
Bitcoin came up with two potential scalability solutions.
Option A: To  increase block size from 1mb to 8mb , thus allowing transactions to be confirmed faster and keeping fees low. This was a simple solution and although more like a band-aid to the overall problem of scalability it arguably does the job for the time being. This option would have been consistent with the original Bitcoin whitepaper. 
Option B : Segwit, removing signatures from the 1mb blocks to allow more transactions into this block, thus allowing more transactions to be confirmed quicker. This was not consistent with the original Bitcoin whitepaper and in theory decreases security. There was also the idea of using side chains which in reality are basically using IOU ( i owe you ) tokens which would then be credit to the user after processing of a transaction. Also very controversial as it would be giving power and control to the companies responsible for these side chains ( block stream). Segwit2x was basically the same idea but doubling the block size from the current 1mb. 
The problem was then to decide the next step. Part of the Bitcoin community which aligned with option A forked Bitcoin. 
Because this fork happened prior to a 51% decision taking place this fork had to name their project, the name chosen was Bitcoin Cash.
Bitcoin remained the same and thus kept the name of Bitcoin. Segwit2x  did not go ahead and technically speaking Bitcoin is the "REAL" Bitcoin as no changes have really happened and the majority was still behind it. 
In generic terms both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are actually BITCOIN. 
If Bitcoin goes ahead with sidechains and Segwit2x, in theory this would not be the
 "REAL" Bitcoin as the vision of the project would have drastically changed from the original project.  In that case Bitcoin Cash would technically be the original Bitcoin but it can't ever claim the name Bitcoin because it forked without a majority vote.
The problem here is that Bitcoin is not a company, it is not run by any specific entity. It is intended to be used as a means of exchange, a digital deflationary substitute for CASH.  
Bitcoin Cash is not going to be the real Bitcoin in branding because it forked without a majority vote, but it technically is in its core. 
What is better? Well only time can tell. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:55:46
Bitcoin will drop to a level where it did not have a chance to get support. Probably around 8-9 thousand. Most who bought high will try sell to avoid major loss. Who bought around 5-8 will probably hold. 
Bet that when it starts alts will pump hard for  a few days. 
After a few days bitcoin will pump again. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:36:46
Lol I agree 