@_author: cryptoland_developer
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:15:39
Great minds think alike? Lol Jk. I think a lot of developers, including myself saw that the crypto market was expanding rapidly and there really weren't a lot of good tools out there.. For mobile there are like... 2 right? 
For me, I created CryptoLand because it is really the only true realtime tracker on the market - if you look at my prices and filter it for the GDAX exchange, my prices reflect what you see on the GDAX exchange within 15 seconds. No app does this. On top of this, I added alerting capabilities that go well beyond the simple "Tell me if bitcoin breaks 20k". So in summary, I saw room for improvement in the toolsets currently available in a widely expanding market. They are all coming out now because they take time to create.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:08:07
Oh I see - that's a better problem to have. Can use simply cache the page or something? Is the server crashing because of memory or is it something else?
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:14:04
I know - It's been an immense challenge of mine trying to differentiate my app. It's gotten little to no attention so far so I appreciate you checking it out!
-Edit - scratch that, the new update is now live, let me know what you think :)
@_date: 2018-02-14 13:56:39
I recently built a free mobile app that tracks the prices in realtime across 8 different exchanges called CryptoLand. It just came out like 3 days ago. Here's a link if you want to check it out:
@_date: 2018-02-13 03:07:03
I created my own app because I found the others on the market limiting. CryptoLand is a free app that offers true real-time prices (literally within 15 seconds of what you see on gdax) and also has alerting options that are unique to my app, you’ll find them nowhere else. Check it out and let me know what you think:
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:31:45
You didn't didn't read my comment carefully. Out of those apps:
* Which ones give you the TRUE realtime price? My app updates faster than all of them. Many of the tools you mentioned are off by quite a bit
* My app lets you drill down into any exchange: GDAX, bittrex, binance, GateIO, Poloniex, etc... You can see the live values from each exchange, or a global average. No other app does this at a granular exchange level that i offer.
* Alerting - I'll try to keep this brief, but I offer alerting types that no other app has. For instance, I have an alert that tells you within 1 MINUTE if an exchange lists a new coin. This is huge on kucoin or binance or any other the other large exchanges where new listings = new money = surge in price if the coin is good. 
* You can drill into any coin to see historical trends as well as what the price is of that coin across all exchanges - very useful for arbitrage trading.
Not to mention my app is free - where delta charges something crazy like 6$/month.
So I respectfully disagree that there are numerous tools with the 'exact same features'. I put a lot of time and effort into building niche toolsets that are not offered elsewhere. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:02:12
Dude, what are you using to host this? Perhaps I can give you some advice.
I recently build a free iOS realtime price tracking/alerting/portfolio tool called **CryptoLand** [CryptoLand]( I've built it in a way where I can support thousands of concurrent users. Looking like you are struggling with 50 or so from your statements below. I might be able to help you out