@_author: crypt0life
@_date: 2017-11-11 08:59:35
You do realize that if everyone just held onto Bitcoin and never used it, it has no actual value. It becomes a speculative asset and that is very dangerous.
Development of a product should imply making a product better. As far as I can see so far it is much worse off now than ever. This may change in the future but if your product is out competed before the future arrives that "development" will have been for nothing. Solve the problems you have now in order to make it to the future. Isn't it strange that the developers can solve future problems but they cannot solve problems in the present? The reason is that the problem is artificial and allows them to justify their road map for where they want Bitcoin to head. This direction is for their own businesses profitability and is a conflict of interest for Bitcoin. If the Devs need to make a living then they should be partly or fully paid in Bitcoin and inherently if they make a great product they will be compensated for doing so in the long run. This gives incentive to make the product better for EVERYONE and not a sole business that employs them.
@_date: 2017-11-11 06:39:31
Except this is a public product/ service and the product was designed so that everyone/ anyone could have a say. That is part of its beauty to me at least. Ignoring what the public wants/needs will hurt your product/ service.
@_date: 2017-11-11 10:08:38
Thank you I appreciate that and I seek knowledge and truth. If i have a lack of knowledge and you can provide me with some I would be more than thankful. 
You are right in the respect of code is everything in terms of the way bitcoin functions. But there are also social, economic, political and overall human factors to consider. If you leave those completely out of the picture you may miss out on opportunity even with the best code ever.
@_date: 2017-11-22 02:31:31
lol "yes" bwhahahahaah
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:59:06
As far as entitlement, I am only as entitled as Everyone else, no special treatment. So i guess open source no longer means that anyone can be a part of its development? You obviously missed the whole point of what Bitcoin set out to do. You missed the reason it was created. I respect your opinion but I do ask for your sake please keep an open mind and look into why Bitcoin was created. If you understand why it was and how it was you will understand my perspective. Code isnt everything, time keeps ticking and there is a human aspect to this ecosystem. 