@_author: cryptoxen
@_date: 2016-01-22 16:08:52
I don't understand your first paragraph.
As for the rest, what's considered slow? Which ad network with volume and decent cpm/cpa or whatever has 0 tracking protecting your privacy? What about google analytics, google fonts, the billion other shit tracking you, do they care about all that or just ads because that's their racket?
I went on their website and cant find jackshit about whats an acceptable ad.
micropayment economy is good, it could increase the level of journalism due to better quality content to solicit donations. More depth, more integrity to win over your bits since youre not going to donate to a '10 things your cat does when you're asleep' in the same way you would donate to an article about corruption or some other defining topic.
This just replace your ads and uses bitcoin as a settlement, more views, more ads impression using shitty clickbait to get their views changing nothing.
Playing ball with these racketeers is cutting of your nose to spite your face.
@_date: 2016-01-22 12:20:16
It's terrible for content creators.
They replace your websites ad's with theirs then its 'comply or die' where they're pretty much running a racket on content creators since you agree to their terms or see absolutely nothing.
Certainly not the way to introduce bitcoin and it's values, freedom and fairness being key among them.
I love bitcoin and what content it could enable if embraced by all, but this is a scummy business model by a company with a pile of PR poppycock.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:30:16
Freedom is not fairness?
Being able to host your own wallet or go with an online provider, use whichever method of exchanging fiat to btc thats available, Choice is yours.
This browser takes your choice away, takes the content creators choice away and charges (by profit sharing the ad revenue) them to have what they already had, a revenue stream.
The freedom of choice is what I believe fairness is in this eco-system, I'm not naively thinking the price, blocksize etc and being deluded that it's all a level playing ground.