@_author: cryptocorn
@_date: 2014-05-05 17:25:42
I ordered 3 diff kinds of sauce and jelly a few months back from this dude. This stuff is amazing.
I got the habanero barbecue sauce which I eat with egg, sausage burritos I make. The Jalapeno one, which is super good (and now empty), but if you eat lots of hot stuff like me I didn't even get a burn from it, as I don't from jalapenos unless I eat them whole with seeds, but other people I was sharing with thought it was like fire. 
Then another super hot habanero one that is good on anything.
The main difference with other hot sauces vs pex peppers, is that pex you get the full taste of the pepper itself, which is so damn tasty. Especially the jalapeno one. I love the taste of jalapenos and that sauce was amazing, but I gotta use the habanero to get some burn.
Also, I drank copius amounts of alcohol one time while consuming the hottest sauce from pex, and the next day my asshole also felt the burn. It was like I shoved hot peppers up my ass.
If you have Bitcoin to spend and like hot sauces, get some.
The jelly is amazing as well. I have a habanero one. It is as hot as it is sweet.
I will def. grab some smoked sauces when they are out. That sounds delicious.
@_date: 2014-05-06 04:03:17
As you should be. If you don't like anything too hot, the beebomb is amazing. I remember getting really high and making like 5 burritos and layered them with beebomb and ate all of them. Problem is, I ran out of beebomb pretty quick cause it is so damn delicious.
It doesn't have the burn of the habaneros or hotter than jalapeno peppers, but it truly is excellent, as the taste of jalapenos is excellent, and the taste of that sauce really is quite delicious.
I honestly think it would rival ketchup as a sauce. Ketchup has such a long history, and I of course, as many or all americans, like ketchup, but I believe I could eat beebomb with everything as well :D
@_date: 2014-05-06 03:17:53
Eh, his product is actually really good. Obviously he is advertising as well, but he is promoting use of the currencies and he honestly does make amazing sauces. 