@_author: crypto-anon
@_date: 2018-06-03 00:44:01
Been this way for quite some time, a lot of people are incentivized to shit on bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-22 03:13:22
Keynesian propagandist detected. The theories  of that crank have already been destroyed by history, they are only repeated by the court stooges of the state who live via rent seeking behaviour, the fake economists whose job it is to rationalize he parasitic behaviour of the government and banking cartel class.
@_date: 2018-06-07 16:49:45
- Too chicken shit to read my post and come up with a half way decent response or comeback. 
- Has delusional phobia of others having the right to own guns, based on childishly irrational propaganda narratives. Alleges I'm the victim of propaganda when nearly every single corporate/legacy media outlet echoes the narratives you subscribe to, while I scour the internet for the few reliable sources and credible voices that exist. I've been thinking critically about politics for two decades, while you are too stupid to think his position through before demanding the government crack down on other's rights so you can feel that the world has been more adequately bubble wrapped for your pansy ass. Too dumb to realize you are in agreement with every totalitarian government in history be it a right wing or left wing one.
And yet you have the internet audacity to call me a coward. Get your nuts clipped beta boy.
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:20:27
The rule that an inflationary crypto cannot exist is called: no one would fucking want it, so its adoption would go no where. It would lose in  the free market competition with deflationary ones. Inflationary currencies have to be forced on people by government. Bitcoin's monetary policy isnt incidental to its success, it's the reason for it. No jargon for you there.
You're too economically illiterate to have a conversation with. "Inflationary currencies punish hoarding" isn't listing a benefit its illustrating your confusion. Go read some Austrian economics, such as Saifedean Ammous' book.
@_date: 2018-03-24 22:55:07
-&gt;"Obviously violent". 
-&gt;You have no evidence of that whatever. I have one speeding ticket from ten years ago.
-&gt;Next sentence you have the nerve to speak about facts. 
This is how delusional liberal narratives are born all the time, it starts out as willful fabrication as the regressive liberal will invent any lie to shield himself from reality.
And then one of you yuppies parrot it to the next, and then you hear some jackass corporate propagandist on a late night television show make a joke affirming said fictional narrative and you swell with pride at how you're a double-plus-good liberal cog. I mean you dipshits still actually believe in the muh Russia conspiracy crap, despite the fact that that excuse for losing the election came out of the debunked claim that the DNC had their email server hacked by Russia (exposing their corruption and how they rigged the primary against Bernie Sanders). 
And of course you mention guns out of nowhere, as the typical cog caught up in the latest delusional frenzy of propaganda predictably would. It's okay little sheep, as gun sales have gone up over the years gun crime has gone down. Disarming law abiding citizens will just leave them helpless in the face of criminals who obviously will obtain guns anyways, so the hundreds of thousands of recorded cases of guns used for valid self defense will be curbed and the death &amp; rape count will increase. But the next thing you wimps will want to ban is knives, and then will come the law to wrap everything in bubble wrap. That's what happens when you look to children for your political views. Just move out of a Democrat controlled area as the majority of the mass shootings happen in states with strict gun control laws, and you will be more likely to be killed by lightning. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 17:19:40
You're a complete moron. Those corporate mainstream media outlets are the reason you foam out the mouth about Trump, due them simply drilling lies into your head through repetition. He won in spite of the MSM, not because of them. His win simply would have been a landslide if there wasn't wall the wall smears and yellow journalism. 