@_author: cryptogifts
@_date: 2015-12-16 11:25:36
I would also add Gatecoin to that list, really fantastic support, low bank transfer fees and fast.  Forgot about them as i am only trading with them a month or so now, but really happy with the whole site.
@_date: 2015-12-15 17:07:11
1 - Poloniex
2- Bittrex
used BTC-e Also never had problems.
RIP cryptsy.
@_date: 2014-11-18 06:17:15
This should be a very easy problem to resolve.
When i add snapcard to my wix ecommerce website.  
Then check App Settings.
I am asked to enter "Item to Sell Configuration" Details.
(which are) 
Item Name
Price (USD)
Then i can click update.
PROBLEM. Your app, only allows for ONE input.
So if i enter: 
Item Name: Physical i/ocoin
Price  $9.99
EVERYTHING in my store is now a physical i/ocoin and worth $9.99.
Then should i edit the "Item to Sell configuration"
Everything in my store will be what ever i input into this.
You can see the problem right? Unless someone has a website, where they sell the same one item, this App is Useless!
So, until you guys, can go over to Wix, 
Add your app. 
Then and only then can you answer my question.  :)
I look forward to your reply here, because the email help i am getting is the usual generic auto replies and that are very unhelpful.
Many thanks.
@_date: 2014-11-17 13:43:27
Wix website builder has the snapcard app (total nightmare to edit).
Is it still worth using?  I can easily add the app, but then i can not add separate payments for each items.
Meaning, i have to enter a value/price and cna only enter 1 item. Which means what ever price i use, every item on the site is that price.
It utter rubbish and i have wasted far too much time. There is ZERO help from the snapcard staff and the information from wix website builder is the usual generic answers that are no help.
I desperately need a automated option so people can find a item then check out and pay instantly with crypto currency.
At the moment they have to contact me to then set up payment, which looses customers. 
How can Wix add a app that is completely useless?
Urgent help / answers needed.  There must be someone  who is using snapcard on a wix website and know how to configure it.
Many thanks
@_date: 2014-11-05 15:11:57
Tey were very nice desinged coins, these casacius coin, were some of the reason i decided to open a website for physical cryptocurrency, crypto gifts but staying within the rules, no coins come pre-loaded with coins .   
@_date: 2016-01-16 09:48:22
Mike Hearn has joined the bastard Bankers who want to keep raping the world and the poor, the last thing they want is to see Bitcoin succeed and what Mike Hearn has done is a desperate attempt to cause FUD and crash the price of Bitcoin, you can bet your back teeth, they are the ones crashing bitcoin and causing panic.
I hope Bitcoin recovery back to $400+ soon.  You know these dirty bankers of the R3 CEV gang, are buying up the cheap bitcoin in this range ($350). Bankers are the  biggest Pump and Dump groups in the world!
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:22:42
Wow. I/O Coin is going to hit the big time with these types of developments.  Just under a year old and yet they have accomplished so much. DIONS will be a huge success i am sure. Sidechains, blockchains are the future of cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2015-11-11 12:34:05
Whats with the idiots comparing Open Bazaar with Shopify?  Another thing, i have been selling online (with ebay) for 10 years in the UK and now Europe and i had never heard of this Shopify before, but one thin is for sure, i know tons about Open Bazaar and it is not even released yet!
Open Bazaar lets you easily create a online shop.
Shopify requires you to have a website, which requires hosting which costs money and is a nightmare (been there done that).
It just sounds liek to me, a lot of investors and people who are connected to Shopify are really worried about hte impact on sales Open Bazaar WILL have.
One thing is for sure, i wont touch Shopify with a barge pole.
Open Bazaar on the other hand, i have never been excited about selling online ever before as i am with Open Bazaar.
Also, Customers do the real talking, where do you think customers want to shop at/with?
The CHEAPEST place possible in most cases, 
so Open Bazaar will soon command and conquer!
@_date: 2015-10-21 07:33:49
Have to say, i have withdrawn all my coins from Cryptsy and Bittrex, Bittrex volume is dying, something is not right there i suspect also.  The only exchange i trust with coins ATM is Poloniex.
I would highly advise anyone with any coins on cryptsy to withdraw them, i had a large bag of a alt coin, was able to withdraw, but they only gave me 50% of the withdraw request each time, until the last withdraw that was under 50k. So, yeah, something is up at cryptsy.