@_author: cryptagion
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:10:05
I like the idea of some in cold storage, some in hardware wallet, some in ETF at brokerage (diversification of security). As far as utility of the ETF, its about taxes and portfolio management. In my particular case, my brokerage allows me to borrow cash as margin against my stocks at a fairly low interest rate. My income is inconsistent but my expenses are not. All of my salary goes into this diversified portfolio and I borrow to pay monthly bills.  This would allow me to hold some of my bitcoin in this portfolio and not have to sell my bitcoin to pay monthly bills. At the end of the year, based on how my portfolio has performed, which stocks performed well, how much money I've made at my job, I can choose what to sell and how much to sell, to keep my margin at preferred percent and stay in my preferred tax bracket.
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:58:16
I took out a dollar loan against my BTC to put a down payment on a house. Its only for six months, so that I can spread my taxes across two tax years. You have put in more BTC than you are borrowing, so they bear no risk (other than BTC crashing). If they aren't running some exit scam, I think its a good deal. I'll know in March when I try to get my collateral back. I think the good money is on the lending side if you have dollars. You give them $ and you get about 7% return and there's 0 risk (other than BTC crashing or exit scam) of default since all the loans are BTC backed.  I'm also loaning out some BTC at 3.5% annual interest, paid out weekly in BTC.  The BTC lending side is fully automated through the app and is pretty slick. The borrowing side is done through the company itself with phone calls,emails, and wire transfers and is clunky like the old system. Supposedly the app will catch up and everything will be automated through their ERC-20 cel token, but right now they are trying to bootstrap the system, so most of it is still very analog.
@_date: 2018-11-12 19:37:42


Totally agree. I wouldn't recommend risking anymore than you're willing to lose. However, the folks involved are verifiably real people and the main guy - Mashinsky has enough social cred to lose that he'd have to be running a long con for big big dollars for it to be worth his while. And if so, I'd like to think some fed agency would get involved. Either way, as far as new projects, they all have to bootstrap their reputation and its as good as any and it'll take time and enough people willing to risk something, so that the company can build that reputation to justify taking a risk with big $$.