@_author: crypto_curious_guy
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:09:56
I actually do agree with you on several of your points. We aren’t as far off as you may think. However, I do also disagree with you that Blockchains only use case is for financial transactions. 
I will agree that whatever coin is being used needs to have value for there to be incentive for transaction including the POW infrastructure and technically the POS infrastructure as well. I think that can be just a piece of the puzzle though. Smart contracts to automate ACH type payments at lower fees are extremely interesting. DAOs like Maker which is a smart contract platform built on Ethereum. 
It’s really not my motive to convince you one way or the other, but I was pointing out that telling a new comer to Bitcoin that the only purpose of the Blockchain is Bitcoin is disingenuous and you could have explained to him your points in that last comment so he knows what to look for in future Blockchain projects.
I’m confident that your opinion will change over time, as most often do.
@_date: 2019-10-10 04:55:09
I’d say YouTube is always your friend. Searching for Bitcoin for beginners is sure to give you plenty of videos to go off of. I would take the time to watch quite a few of them and they will hopefully point you toward good websites to learn even more. 
Before Coinbase was being all shady and raising their fees and putting funds on hold I would’ve said that Coinbase Pro would have been the best exchange to register on, link your bank account, and start Dollar Cost Averaging(DCA). Now I’m not sure what the best exchange is. I still use Coinbase Pro because I’m already registered and it’s still relatively cheap transactions fees, but when I hear of a better exchange I will be switching. 
Also, DCA= buying small amounts of crypto at set intervals of time to ensure that you don’t invest based on emotion. You buy consistently when the price goes up, you buy consistently as the price goes down(maybe buying slightly more as it goes down). I would not recommend “trading” Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies as like a day trader. This is known to be foolish and very hard to make meaningful profit. I would say you should invest in cryptocurrencies after you have read A LOT of research and watched a lot of videos and think you fully understand what the crypto, blockchain, and company are doing that would drive demand for their crypto in the future. Feel free to invest in alt coins (any coin that isn’t Bitcoin) after doing said research. I personally have chosen not to invest more than 20% of my crypto holdings in Alt Coins and keep ~80% in Bitcoin. It is widely believed that Bitcoin will be the most important asset to invest in consistently. Still fun to speculate on alt coins and hold for the future in case of a mass adoption or price increase. Bitcoin and other crypto’s with a maximum supply are what is known as deflationary assets so that means that the price is going to continue to go up over time due to simple supply and demand economics. The more people demand bitcoin, the higher the price will go because no one is able to make more than 21 million bitcoin because the protocol (essentially software rules?) won’t allow it.
I would also say that I plan on HODLing (holding) my Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for the long term. I’m not going to suddenly sell anything after it jumps up 100%. It is widely believed (at least on this sub) that you should be thinking much more long term and waiting for mass adoption to take place. I don’t know the actual statistics, but say for instance that 5% of the Earths population actually owns any Bitcoin. That number has slowly grown over the years and theoretically should continue to grow as more and more people decide to do their research and register on exchanges etc. so think for a minute what would happen to cryptocurrency prices if instead of 5% of the world it was 25% owning Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrencies. That doesn’t mean that Bitcoin is guaranteed to jump 500x because of that, but you need to think again about the supply and demand economics. I believe we are still in the very very early days of Bitcoin and Blockchain technology. Exciting stuff.
Have fun and HODL on my man.
@_date: 2019-10-10 05:26:08
I would agree with this statement. Technically you could hide your miners in a desk setup to look like a computer that is always on and they can’t exactly fault you for having a computer at school. Their power is probably subsidized by the city/state anyway so they might not care either way.
You’re going to want to watch some YouTube videos about how loud and hit mining rigs are also. It isn’t just some passive money machine, these things are very loud and can heat your entire room. Might not be worth the few Satishis they’ll mine. Maybe just buy a few of the USB miners and use them as fun lottery tickets?
@_date: 2019-10-10 11:39:22
Wow that is very untrue but definitely funny haha. If you actually think that Blockchain is only good for Bitcoin than you need to do one more research and learn what it really can do. Blockchain is good for a decentralized currency (not controlled by any one single point of failure/government), but there are some awesome projects that are using the technology. 
Ethereum is most definitely not a scam. It is a great platform for smart contracts and business applications. Giant companies like Ernst &amp; Young are investing a lot of time and money into that Blockchain and they’re an accounting firm. Do you think they haven’t done their due diligence on if it’s a scam or not? Other projects like VeChain for supply chain and DApps(PWC is involves with this Blockchain)? Lite coin is considered the silver to Bitcoins gold. Miners for privacy tokens. The point is to do research and watch out for people trying to convince you to buy something rather than just reporting on news about it. 
Also I agree it’s different than stock trading. Diversification isn’t an exact science for crypto since it’s hard to tell where to put your money, but I don’t think an 80/20 split of Bitcoin/altcoin is exactly “diversification”. It’s more of a “yeah I know Bitcoin is taking off and decentralized, but these other projects have some neat properties so I’ll invest a small % there as well”. And I personally don’t see anything wrong with that.
@_date: 2019-10-20 20:57:58
If 20% of their crypto investments is enough to ruin “countless lives” then those people need to re-evaluate their risk tolerance and investment plans. Some projects need investment and active communities to grow in order for their projects to take off. Just like Bitcoin once did. That’s not crazy, that’s logic. If everyone decides to never use another cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin then sure, that’s a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
You’re speaking very vaguely about how MakerDAO, other DAOs, and Ethereum as a whole are obvious scams and “did fail 2 weeks after introduction”, what are a few specific examples of how they are scams and how they failed? I’m not attacking you here, please educate me. I’ve seen nothing to back up those wild statements.
@_date: 2019-10-10 04:39:32
I think that this is often forgotten by most people that try to dismiss crypto. My friends and coworkers will often say the classic “but what is Bitcoin/crypto based on? Where does the value come from” and I often compare it to gold etc. I think the fact that there are billions of people that go unbanked both in the US and abroad is just not thought about as a use case. The fact that there is no one “approving” someone to use bitcoin/crypto is so important. They can have access to a “safe” place to store their wealth, transact with others across the globe, pay bills, and take out crypto loans. And I mean really once these unbanked people see the potential/understand the benefits in Bitcoin/crypto mass adoption will follow.
@_date: 2019-10-31 04:15:17
Where can I push the dip to buy more button? My deposits always seem to hit my account right after the dip is done haha
@_date: 2019-10-14 00:19:23
Are you telling me that you believe that there is absolutely no other Blockchain application that is useful other than Bitcoin? Like that is the only purpose of Blockchain? Anything else that uses Blockchain is a scam and anyone that brings it up is a shill? That’s crazy.
@_date: 2019-12-17 17:35:47
Wise words from u/Self_Blumpkin
@_date: 2019-09-20 12:34:06
I’ve always wondered something. Does traditional technical analysis work the same for Crypto as it does for say stocks and futures with already established markets?
Does the fact that mass adoption hasn’t come to the Crypto market effect some of the “results”/“conclusions” you attempt to draw with TA? I would assume that a big influx of exchange users would play a role (mostly likely a positive one) in the price of Crypto’s. Could the ever-elusive “whale” holders still play too big of a role?
Shouldn’t the timelines for these ATH’s be almost entirely based on mass adoption? Measured based on either exchange users, breakthrough technology, or industry 4.0 adoption?
Thanks for any answers!
@_date: 2019-09-21 12:45:39
“Technical analysis is a trading discipline employed to evaluate investments and identify trading opportunities by analyzing statistical trends gathered from trading activity, such as price movement and volume.” - Investopedia.
That sure does make your original comment sound like TA doesn’t it?
Nevertheless, I agree with you. TA seems like it should be used like more of a tool than a prophecy is what I think. Your comment still made me have the questions I did in general if someone else had some answers about it.