@_author: cryptoauction
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:45:32
Yes, it is possible for us to keep a copy of the buyer's escrow key since we generate that keypair in order to create the multisig address. Doing so would not be in our interests or in the interests of escrow security. (Especially if we stored it on the server, our multisig system may as well be a normal wallet if we did that). I'm loving the questioning, people have a right to have questions answered when it comes to their Bitcoin so the tougher the better. The Bitcoin community also deserve more accountability and as macky_ pointed out "Ideally there should be little need for trust in a bitcoin world". We are working towards that end.
@_date: 2014-04-13 20:51:06
Oh, well any wallet can be used. Once it is a valid Bitcoin address the system will send the payment for the item to that address. You can send money to your Cryptoauction account using any wallet software too. You then pay to the item's multisignature escrow account by one click of a button. Remember though only send money to your Cryptoauction account when you are ready to pay to multisig escrow. Your Cryptoauction account is kept on a standard wallet and it is designed just a "feeder" for the multisignature escrow system. As soon as the funds confirm you should move them from the normal wallet to the multisig escrow (or just withdraw them if you choose to cancel the purchase). It is a good policy not to store Bitcoins online. The multisignature escrow is much more secure as your are the only one that has your key and both system and your key are required to spend the funds.
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:52:22
Yes that's true Ragnarly but consider that you need to leave funds in it just until they confirm. The idea is that funds will spend a majority of time in a multisig wallet until the item is received, so however long delivery takes. Therefore in theory there should be a minimum amount of funds in the feeder wallet. The reason we use this is that in order to spend from a multisig address information about the inputs n, scriptsig etc is required by the Bitcoin system and if a user paid directly to the multisig wallet they would have to provide us with this data in order to subsequently spend from it. 
As you know this is how Bitcoin works, you must choose the input to spend as an output. Our feeder system allows us to get all that information automatically. Only a reasonable advanced user would be able to supply this behind the scenes data, most people using bitcoin are still just getting use to sending to a normal address. 
100% security and 100% simplicity is impossible, there must be a trade off. Since we anticipate only a short duration of 2 confirmations (20mins for BTC, 5 mins for LTC, 2 min for XPM) there should be a low amount of funds on the live wallet at any given time, compared to possibly days or weeks in the an escrow account system while the buyer awaits delivery and therefore the risks are mitigated compared to if we had all the escrows accounts on a live system too.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:39:55
No prob Ragnarly, I'm happy to explain.
You got it.
There are two systems if you want to think of it like that.
First one is as you put it is a (Hot) sort of a general purpose wallet. This is used to receive funds from any Bitcoin wallet software. You send the Bitcoin here first and as soon as the funds confirm they are sent ASAP to the multisig escrow address which is a unique address for each item. So you will receive a private key for each item when you "pay to escrow" for it.
The idea is that your funds spend the least amount of time possible on a live wallet. 
We need the feeder wallet as we have to pull data about the inputs to a multisignature address in order to spend from that address. 
Q If this is how it's done, is the first (Cryptoauction) address multi-sig?
No, your normal account address is a standard address. The reason is a multisignature address requires a bit of behind the scenes programming to spend from. The normal Cryptoauction address provides us with all that information. If we were to make the normal address a multisig address then in order to spend from it to an item escrow address you would need to provide a lot of behind the scenes information. This is too much for most users.
The Cryptoauction user account provides a simple payment interface where someone can send the money using a normal Bitcoin transaction and then the system will take care of all the required algorithms for sending to and spending from the multisig address.
Have a look when you get a chance at the tutorial. You will see how easy it is.
Just remember for security don't store your funds online in your normal user account, only send them to the account when you are ready to pay from your account for an item in to its multisig escrow and pay to that escrow as soon as the funds confirm in your regular user account.
Happy Bidding, 
Daryl 
@_date: 2014-04-13 20:16:46
Hi Ragnarly,
Thanks for your interest in Cryptoauction! I will try to answer your questions as follows. 
Q. What wallet(s) can you use?
We offer support for Bitcoin, Litecoin and Primecoin.
Q. How does the bidding mechanism work?
You can list an item for auction, buy now or buy now with auction.
They work like ebay. The bids are updated via AJAX so that once you are logged in you can see dynamically if you are the highest bidder or if you were outbid.
Buy now is a fixed price listing. Just click buy now.
Buy Now with Auction means that you can put a higher buy now price and someone can just take it immediately rather than bid, same as ebay. If the auction bids go past the buy now price (I can't see why they would but if they do they system then just uses the higher auction price and finalises the sale via auction)
Q. Does each user add funds to an address made specifically for them and then at a cut off point the address with the highest balance wins the auction?
No, the user just enters a bid. If they are the highest bid they then send the funds to their account and click pay to escrow which sends the funds to the multisignature escrow system and issues them with a key (the system keeps the other key). After they receive the item in the post they finalise the payment at which point the system asks for their key and sends the funds to the seller's specified address (a home wallet which they entered before they listed an item)
Q. You guys sign the transaction from the winning address to move the funds to the buyer?
The escrow account is a multisignature address so we automatically sign it with the unique item system key and the user is then asked to enter their key (over the browser ssl connection, we've checked for heartbleed of course). The system then automatically signs it with the user key and sends the transaction.
Q. How do the losing bidders get their bitcoins refunded?
They don't pay until they win the auction. They bid and the winning bid is recorded and the item is listed in the winning user's history. From there they pay. In fact you should only send funds when you are ready to pay to the multisig escrow system. That way your funds are secured by the fact that both keys are needed and we only store the system key. Your key is issued over the browser and you keep it safe. There is therefore no centralised point of failure such as if we used a single address wallet for the escrow system. The escrow accounts are therefore decentralised as only one of the necessary keys is stored on the server. 
Have a look at this tutorial. It explains the buying process
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:57:41
That's fair enough. We do have server costs and expenses to cover but yes it is a balancing act between fees and traffic. 
It is early days yet but we are not after big profits, just enough to grow the business, offer good value to the Bitcoin community and make a little profit (not a lot) for ourselves. Primarily we are offering a place for people to spend their Bitcoin (or Litecoins or Primecoin) or get some in exchange for their items in a convenient way. 
We will review the fees over time. I can say one thing if they change they will be lowered. Our plan was not to raise fees.
If you feel you will get a better deal on ebay and would rather trade there that is entirely up to you. We just offer people a direct way to trade for cryptocurrency, that is something ebay does not offer.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:08:23
Hi Macky, thanks for the great questions
Q. If you generate the buyers multsignature key, what prevents you from keeping a copy of that key?
If we did we would have to store it on the system. The whole idea of the escrow system is that if the system is hacked then the required user key is not available and the escrow funds are protected. If we used a hot wallet escrow system this would not be the case and if we stored the user's key we would effectively defeat the security of the escrow system we created.
Q. If your customers need to trust that you don't keep a copy, then you may as well just trust you with their bitcoins as the multisig is just a facade.
No, we want our business to succeed, keeping a copy of the user's escrow keys goes against that. We rely on the multisig as much as the customer does to protect our escrow system. We want the customers to trust Satoshi's multisignature protocol and not specifically us as much for their protection as ours. Hot wallets are far too vulnerable and online storage using a hot wallet is asking for trouble. (another option "Cold storage" is inefficient too, our system is fully automated so it doesn't have the delays of manual cold storage)
Again three things 
(a) if the server is compromised we want the money to be safe, this is best accomplished by a genuine multisig system. If it wasn't then we would lack the decentralised security multisig provides
(b) Cryptoauction is an officially registered business in Ireland and has corporate membership in the Bitcoin Foundation  (I also am an individual member)
and finally 
(c) I am known to the Bitcoin community. 
I want user's escrow funds to be secure. I want my business and the Bitcoin community to succeed. I can only do this by playing it straight with people. The multisig is there to prevent escrow funds from being vulnerable to server compromise as they would be if we used a normal "hot" wallet for the escrow system. 
I hope that you can trust that I would have far more to gain by providing a good service than by compromising it myself especially since everyone knows who I am :-)
Ultimately though yes there must be some trust in a service that people use. 
Q Am I misunderstanding how this works?
No I think you have a good handle on it. Just for some more clarity... the multisignature escrow is there for the benefit of the seller. The seller can see that if funds are placed in the escrow account and that the buyer cannot take them back. This facilitates trust since the seller knows that (a) the funds exist (b) the buyer has put them beyond use. Think of the escrow as a one way address. The transaction can only be finalised to the seller so the seller knows that the buyer is serious and has the money so it is ok to send the items to the buyer.
Ok, what if the seller doesn't send to the buyer? Yes the buyer's funds are still in escrow. So we created a dispute resolution system based on game theory. The buyer can open a dispute which randomly distributes the escrow funds to sellers with a very high rating. This happens only if a transaction is defaulted on by the seller and the buyer opens a dispute. This encourages seller's to keep a good rating and deincentivises bad sellers as there is no monetary reward for not sending an item and ultimately they receive a bad rating which signals other buyers not to purchase from them. 
So through the buyer/seller review system the buyer can protect themselves from bad sellers by using sellers with good ratings. Therefore there is no monetary incentive for the seller not to send the item and the system should converge on the optimal outcome of good seller and buyers.
Hope this answers the questions. Please feel free to ask any more.
Daryl Cusack
@_date: 2014-04-13 23:42:32
Thanks for the comment ufaild
I'm not trying to be smart with you but does CraigsList allow payment in Bitcoin?
ebay also charge 5% minimum (on electronic retailer items) 10% normally if I am not mistaken and another 3.5% for paypal charges. Therefore Ebay's standard cut is 13.5% along with extras costs for additional photos, etc. 
We only charge 2.9% on sold items and it is capped at a maximum of 100 Euros or equivalent. No extra hidden costs. So that is a possible saving of 10.6% over ebay. All listings are free too so it costs you nothing to list items with us.
So no we are not ebay. 
Q. "You have no traffic, so not very high chances of bidding wars on my item."
We are a new enough site and hope to build traffic. ebay is a very established company and they don't allow direct payment in Bitcoin. Maybe as time goes on we will lower the fees but 2.9% is very reasonable. You can set an auction reserve price so you can be sure you get what you think is fair for an item. Or just use a fixed price listing if you wish.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:50:47
Excellent suggestion! I have added that to the development list to be discussed. Much of the system is automated but I don't see why we couldn't do that. We could at least give users the option and advanced users might prefer it. You have just made the Bitcoin world a little more secure! 
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:47:57
"Also, sellers and customers should have the possibility to PGP sign their public keys/addresses (and link that to a WOT profile)"
I have made a note of this. Thank you we have gotten fantastic feedback here and very good suggestions.
@_date: 2014-04-19 01:00:14
Just commented on Twitter
(reproduced here)
"Wow, 
So Monolithic, 
Much Atavism, 
Very Demagogic,
Memes aside, I l am loving all this great Bitcoin art. We are like 21st Century Neo-Cavemen drawing pictures of fire."
If you want to auction any of your art for bitcoin, litecoin or primecoin please feel free to use our platform. It offers free listing and multisignature escrow protection for buyers. 
Sorry I know it is not a place for plugging a service but I think art is important for the bitcoin community in order to raise bitcoin's profile in the general public. Everyone loves art :-)
Your piece is fantastic. I love how you juxtaposed the new with the ancient. More like this please. It shows that modern man has a commonality with his ancestors i.e. we are fascinated with discovery even if we sometimes don't understand it.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:24:25
Ah thank you very much river333, that is interesting. I see from your link that Jordan Lee proposed the createmultisig RPC inclusion. I will get up to speed on Peerunity's architecture. Looks promising!
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:46:36
We would love to support PPC, it has always been our hope to support it but the issue is that Peercoin has not activated the createmultisig RPC function. 
Even the new release 0.4.0 has not activated this, it has addmultisigaddress but this is not suitable as it stores all the multisig address keys in the wallet, createmultisig  doesn't store any private keys in the wallet. 
I have been in contact with Peercoin dev group to let them know about this.
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:09:43
No If we get hacked the server does not have your private key. It only has the system key. Both are needed. This is the idea behind multisignature systems. We do not store the users private key, to do so as you correctly pointed out would compromise our security. The whole idea of multisignature is to decentralise control of an address. Customers funds are secured once they are sent to the escrow accounts in so far as control of those accounts cannot be gained from our servers, two keys are required and the user has the only copy of their key (it is issued over ssl browser connection upon payment to escrow).
I know who all my employees are and the Bitcoin community knows who I am. I honestly can't see any of them going rogue. I do get what you are saying though. We will upgrade the system to allow advanced users to supply their own bitcoin (or LTC or XPM) public key so that we can create multisig addresses from that key. This way only they will have their corresponding private key and we won't even need to issue it over ssl but this is best as an option for more advanced users at the moment.
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:27:49
"That's good, but always prepare for the worst."
Good point
"But once hacked it could store/leak it. If the customer sent funds directly to a 2-of-3 multisig address (which composing keys can be independently checked), even a compromised server couldn't steal funds without the complicity of the seller."
Yes I see what you are saying. We do audit the code but we will modify/upgrade the site to allow a user to supply their own public key (they can then keep the corresponding private key completely private) from which we will be able to create the multisig escrow address for items that they pay for. This way we don't have to create or need to issue a private key for them. This is better as an advanced user option as many users are not familiar with key pairs etc and just know the basics.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:23:19
We were originally thinking of calling it happysupermegaepicbitcoincryptocurrencyauctionsitethatisnotlikeebay.com but the domain was taken :-)
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:12:27
We hope that we won't be an ebay as such. I am a big proponent of putting the user first. We will be at the Bitcoin Expo in London on the 30th of this month for our launch where I will be presenting a talk on decentralised corporate models in order to achieve a “people not profit” corporate outlook. The talk will include our ideas for using game theory concepts to incentivise trust relationships between users without the need for a third party and how we have applied them to Cryptoauction. I hope to make this auction site a safe user driven experience that's all and we have plans that if successful could be used for upgrading the security model for all escrow services in the Bitcoin space. We are not after fees or profits although a little would be ok. We want to develop a system that can benefit everyone, especially people who traditionally could not benefit from this type of auction/selling site because they are "unbanked" such as people from developing countries. 
Finally we are not a big company, we are just part of the Bitcoin community like everyone else here. The 2.9% fees is just so we can expand the business and for "the Whiskey fund" as they put it on the Genesis Block.
Daryl