@_author: cryptojo
@_date: 2015-08-27 22:56:51
This is racist against white males.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:32:14
Satoshi's quotes are clear saying that he expected once SPV was available that the block size would increase and nodes would start to be maintained only by larger data centers.. As Bitcoin rises to Visa type levels, users were never expected to hold the whole blockchain.  Miners already have the power to attack or change the network, having bigger blocks does not change that.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:22:07
According to Mike Hearn there are no blacklists.  He is not blocking Tor.  This seems like FUD, he never pushed blacklists.  The only thing he pushed for was to temporarily blacklist IPs that were attacking the Bitcoin network.  He describes it in his recent medium article post.  Didn't you read it?  :
Does the privacy-hating XT blacklist Tor?
No, Tor still works just fine with XT.
The origin of this meme is that during the XT testing cycle we discovered that someone was trying to do denial of service attacks specifically on XT nodes (i.e. flooding them with traffic to try and jam them), presumably in an attempt to scare people away from the project. They were doing this through Tor.
Bitcoin Core has a very black/white view of DoS attacks. Either you’re banned or you’re not banned. Obviously, banning Tor is an easy solution to such attacks but is a last resort: a few legit users do connect through Tor as well.
So Bitcoin XT has been upgraded to have a more nuanced view: connections get a priority score. Then if your node runs out of resources i.e. is under attack, it chooses to serve high priority connections first and low priority last.
Put more simply: when there’s no attacks happening through Tor, nothing changes. If there is an attack happening through Tor, the legit users on it get served with same importance as the DoS attackers on it — last.
This logic reflects a cold reality: proxy networks like Tor are slightly appealing to ordinary users but very appealing to attackers. I used to work with Google’s anti-DoS/security systems closely and so am quite familiar with handling this kind of abuse. Our approach ensures Tor is still usable whilst mitigating risks to the network.
For “Tor” in the above explanation you can read “Tor+whatever other open proxy networks we see being abused”. The logic should be extended in future.
This work was submitted to Bitcoin Core. They accepted that the idea of IP prioritisation makes sense, but were appalled by the idea of having an actual list of IP addresses that are being used by attackers, because it’d be “centralising”. Luckily the makers of popular email servers don’t think the same way, otherwise spam filters wouldn’t exist.
XT takes a simpler approach. Fighting DoS attacks is hard. You start by grabbing the lowest hanging fruit. Over time you can evolve the code to be smarter, more automatic and to learn things by itself instead of having to be told by people. But that’s months of work, and you have to start somewhere.
Be pragmatic, start somewhere practical, value code that exists, iterate towards something better: this is the XT way.
I hope this article helps clear up some misunderstandings about what we’re doing. Thanks for reading.
Edit:  By the way these dirty tricks that the stagnaters are trying to push to prevent bigger blocks seem really desperate.  Once people look into it, they will find out the truth, and see you as discrediting yourself.
@_date: 2015-08-29 06:04:55
You must be new here if you didn't know about the Theymos censorship debacle.  Where he blocked and censored Mike Hearn's top post with hundreds of upvotes to the dismay of the community.  Then BitcoinXT talk was banned calling it an alt-coin, spurring a huge rise in another sub, which will not be mentioned for fear of censorship.    Maybe you didn't hear about it because it was deleted.
@_date: 2015-08-29 00:08:31
Its not just fungibility that is important though.  Privacy is important too.  The statists will say blah blah anonymity drugs, terrorism, bad.  So it has some benefit to argue fungibility instead of anonymity, as a rebranding tool to push our own propaganda.  
However privacy is of the utmost importance. It was Greg Maxwell that said in a recent video on youtube that when they asked other big institutions whether they would get into Bitcoin, they won't even get into Bitcoin because it is too transparent.  They just don't want that type of transparency invading the privacy of their business.  He says "even the most boring institutions say they don't want to transact in a way where all of their moves are telegraphed by their transactions": 
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:50:01
To be honest I was never a huge Mike Hearn fan.  I am very libertarian minded person, but I believe the attacks against Mike seem unjustified.  I have looked into it, and I see a lot of dirty tricks going on.  If you do not like XT or the changes made inside it, then you can choose to run a fork that doesn't include them.  There is already Bitcoin Core + BIP101 forks out there.  Its the beauty of decentralization.  All of these arguments about Mike Hearn is bad blah blah blah seem like distractions.  I even heard people trying to claim he must be an MI6 agent on [thecryptoshow](  I mean its getting a little ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:59:32
Its not a strawman at all.  You were the one making a strawman, calling me a propagandist with talking points memo.  You are now using a steam rolling, gas lighting technique, to repeat your mindless strawman ad hominems to make it appear to weakminded observers that you actually won the debate or scored any points, when you avoided the debate the entire time, because you cannot argue any facts, you can only cause distractions and childish back and forths.
@_date: 2015-08-25 05:16:40
It will be a delayed response at first, or the Bitcoin price will slightly drop.  This is as investors liquidate Bitcoins in order to scoop up stocks at new lows.
Then once the crash continues and people keep getting slaughtered they will start looking for safe havens.  It could lead to a price boom in Bitcoin and precious metals as confidence in the central banking scam wavers.
@_date: 2015-08-26 03:41:58
Your coins should be there.  Possibly they have not been confirmed yet.  You can still send to old addresses, it just gives a new one each transaction for better privacy.  Also you should back up your wallet.  Click on the top right and click the safety option then backup your wallet with a password.  Store it on SD card and preferably also a usb flash drive or other place so you do not lose it.
You can also try the mycelium wallet.  For that wallet they give a word list that you write down as your back up.  Keep the list safe somewhere and you won't worry about losing coins to any of your addresses.
@_date: 2015-08-28 18:44:17
I change my vote to upvote.  I read the article more carefully and saw you were somewhat critical of affirmative action.  But also you seemed sympathetic to the cause, and thought that ultimately it would be good to encourage more women and minorities to get into Bitcoin, although you seem to be against affirmative action to do so.  I kind of disagree that we need to encourage more women and minorities.  I think just let them be, don't treat them differently.  Lets encourage everyone regardless of what category they are placed in regards to race or gender. 
If some group is not interested in Bitcoin, don't force them.  Its probably something within who they are that makes them more interested in other things than Bitcoin, for whatever reason.   I think white people are too politically correct these days.  There is so much white guilt and every white person is so afraid to be racist and wants to include all minorities for equality.  Its a sickness encouraged by media propaganda.  White straight males are the ones being targeted the most by racists than any other group. Yet everyone is afraid to say so. They say white males have white privelege.  The California Green Party even [set up a booth to offer free slaps to straight white males](  Its getting ridiculous.
Also as you pointed our remittance is a big thing for Bitcoin that gets many minoritiy races from developing countries into Bitcoin.  That is why just let them be, and they will find Bitcoin useful if it is useful for them.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:42:38
Sure they will, but Bitcoin does not have a central bank at all.  Bitcoin is decentralized.  Hearn never wanted blacklists, its mostly a lie and a twisting of the truth.  He wanted to blacklist IPs that were attacking the Bitcoin network, and only temporarily.  He answered it in detail in the post I made above.
By Hearn and Gavin leaving Core to work on XT it actually further decentralizes Bitcoin.  The more forks the better.  Now control is not only in the hands of a few core developers. Now there is competition in a free market. Everyone has equal power to write their own code, and gain community acceptance.  I think its a great thing for decentralization and liberty, and protecting against tyrannical control over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:38:27
I wonder if the censorship here is partly responsible for all of the persistence of the false memes on this sub.  I just noticed your post was censored for 45 minutes in this thread.  I agree the bashing of blockstream is bad too on the XT sub, but at least the moderators like statoshi showed much respect for blockstream and their contributions to Bitcoin, and he rebutted against the haters.
@_date: 2015-08-28 23:00:08
Really?  Is this only for verified customers?  Because I have used it once but I could have sworn I had to wait for confirmations before the gift code was given.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:51:39
Actually I am eager for the truth and open debate.  Something this sub has veered away from in recent weeks.  But go ahead with your ad hominem attacks, and dirty tricks and censorship.  Since you cannot win debating real facts.
@_date: 2015-08-29 00:11:37
If you want to understand why privacy is important to Bitcoin, the cryptographer and Bitcoin developer Greg Maxwell, also working for Blockstream describes the debate very well in this video starting at the 35 min mark with confidential transactions: 
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:56:01
You have to attack my character instead of the basis of my arguments: 
Sinee you cannot debate me on issues, you must make me out to be a propagandist using talking points.  Pretty pathetic.
@_date: 2015-08-29 01:15:57
Yeah looks like at least sometimes they do require confirmation: 
@_date: 2015-08-29 04:59:24
I am not seeing where he justified to have redlists/blacklists to be honest. The only thing he is blocking are attackers attacking the Bitcoin network. He is just saying how blocking of TOR has been a problem with TOR, because people often use it to attack things.  To see his true rebuttal to the Tor blacklisting claims check the recent medium article: 






It goes on, check the article for more...
@_date: 2015-08-27 22:25:28
I wouldn't keep very much on a phone, only enough where it won't kill me if I lose it.
One thing to consider is using a Trezor.  You can get a special cord and use it to plug into your phone and use it with the Mycelium wallet.  This way you get the benefits of spending from a mobile phone, but the security of cold storage/hardware wallet.
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:32:03


So does this mean you do not have to wait for confirmations before you recieve your gift card?  I believe on gyft you need to wait for confirmations if I am not mistaken.
@_date: 2015-08-29 00:02:21
I think there is more willingness than you think.  Even blockstream has come out with confidential transactions, which is a pretty good solution, and they are a multi-million dollar funded company.  Confidential transactions plus coinjoin gives pretty good privacy.
@_date: 2015-08-28 18:29:22
Yes its pretty cool. Information here: 