@_author: cryptocounting
@_date: 2018-01-19 02:54:30
Isn’t the whole point of blockchain technology to avoid this kind of channel which becomes a sigle point of failure before it registers on the blockchain and uses LN as a centralised 3rd party...? Isn’t this like the way banks settle payments among one another? Aren’t we saying blockchain is amazing in theory but not scalable, so let’s bring back the old ways into the mix and call it Bitcoin?
This is not sarcasm, I’m really trying to understand. It seems blatantly contradictory with the essence of what Bitcoin is supposed to be. God knows I hate Ver and I understand the point of additional centralisation caused by bigger blocks - but the isn’t something like LN what we’re supposed to be fighting against in the first place?
Wasn’t the point exactly to have each and every coffee purchase recorded on a public decentralised distributed ledger? 
@_date: 2018-01-20 01:59:55
It’s not because it is now deemed painfully unscalable that it wasn’t the original point. If we want to be logical, off chain solutions didn’t even exist until way after SN’s disappearance, so LN is in any case a new idea introduced to the ecosystem. 
More to the point, how is LN not a trusted third party? If I send a transaction to you on a LN channel, who or what guarantees that transaction can be trusted while the channel is still open and not registered on the blockchain and duly confirmed? And worse, how can you ensure security to the level that a blockchain does?
My technical background is limited, but again just by logic, if you had the same level of security on a LN channel as you do on a blockchain, then why would you even need a blockchain to begin with?
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:09:12
I would like to make a terminology proposal for posterity.
Similarly to the Pound’s crash of 1992 known as Black Wednesday and many others referred to as Black Friday events, I’d like to suggest that we refer to this day as Ver’s Friday. 
“Remember Ver’s Friday? —&gt; Yeah man, that dude was such a jackass!”
Or maybe that’s too much importance for someone we don’t even want to exist, let alone remember. Sigh.
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:43:47
Since you seem to understand how it is superior, from that comment, could you please point out the main topics one would need to learn about to come to the same conclusion?
There’s no /s in my question, I truly want to understand because this matter is testing the limits of my reason. As far as forks go, I see the manipulation from the despicable main zealots. And, technical debate aside, I hate how they go about it. So I really want to keep faith in Core, but it seems like they dropped the ball a long time ago.
I see it from the perspective of ISPs. Our data needs have been growing exponentially and my smartphone nowadays eats up more data in a month than I did in a year back when I was downloading Nirvana with Napster on a 56k modem. Yet, at least in developed countries, most ISPs always managed to stay ahead of the curve. We never “lacked” capacity, even in a market that keeps growing parabolically. And if we ever did experience debilitating speed from an ISP, or costs too high, we’d switch immediately to one of the many offering more for less. Those that lagged behind died out over the years because they couldn’t regain trust and recover users. 
With Bitcoin, I feel like the current state of affairs is “okayish” for most believers. “We have the superior technology, so people will eventually come around. We’ll win in the end, because we have the best product.” Well, no, that’s seldom the case. Having the best product does not necessarily mean you survive competition in the long run. That’s why management, strategy, marketing and advertisement exist around product dev, and why there are so many brilliant companies ran by engineers that died in spite of having amazing products. Letting the problem escalate to this state is horrendous management. I know it’s decentralised and it’s not a company and no one “manages” it (even if Ver seems to have been anointed by MSNBC as our CEO/Jesus...). But still, then we, as a community, are failing.
Even if we solve the problem right now, within the general uninformed public there will always be that guy  with a 2-year delay “I heard Bitcoin was unusable because fees were too high?”... no man, that problem was solved 2 years ago... Basically, the damage is long lasting. 
The analogy isn’t perfect, as there are a lot more switching costs between ISPs than between Bitcoin and other cryptos, but what is that technical wonder that no one seems to be able to beat and that justifies such terrible, awful management?
@_date: 2018-05-23 23:52:46
Simple dead man switch, like Google:
If the gmail account I use every day becomes inactive for 6 months, my family gets an automated email with my private keys. There’s a million reminders by email, text and courrier pigeon before the service gets triggered, so it’s safe and well thought-of. For extra security the seeds are not complete though. There’s a part of each seed that is not on Google’s servers, but which my family has, so only with both parts can someone unlock the funds. (I do quite a lot of extreme sports, so it seemed like a good idea!)
@_date: 2018-05-23 23:20:23
I think people who buy Bentleys tend to struggle to turn on computers. Setting up a wallet and securing digital assets might be a stretch! 
I vote Tesla though.
@_date: 2017-08-31 00:07:42
True that my friend. For the average person, it makes no sense to use a currency which can be "hacked" if you don't jump through 10 hoops to protect it - not while a bank account is "unhackable". I guess adoption will really spike when the next few banks implode and people lose their "unhackable" money anyway...
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:04:44
Could you elaborate on what makes you think/say that? 
Even the European Commission and insurance companies like AXA are starting to use smart contracts based on the Ethereum block chain, so from an adoption standpoint I'm actually positively impressed.