@_author: cryptofreedom
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:31:52
Well aren't you too cool for school(ing)... sure you can't grace me with a single actual criticism?  
  
A 175 genius (assuming that's the IQ) certainly wouldn't need more than a minute to poke a world-sized whole through my theory, right?
@_date: 2013-12-17 17:17:11
Drug dealers and assassins accept Bitcoin, but not prostitutes?  Sounds like an opportunity for a progressive escort agency.
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:51:21
People will be able to trade them locally as others have mentioned, but you're right, it would be become impractical.  
  
However, if Bitcoin market penetration and awareness is high enough when they attempt this, I believe there will be blowback like we saw for SOPA/PIPA.  
  
I think it's more likely that banks and government will, instead, collude to seize control of the crypto-currency phenomenon.  
  
For anyone who thinks that's impossible, I think you severely underestimate both the computing power of the world governments and the purchasing power of the Central Banks.  This is my theory and darkest nightmare:
  
They let enough coins spread out in to the hands of people who see them as speculative assets, or don't know what they are.  By auditing the blockchain they can see the distribution of wealth in wallets, combined with other surveillance, they'll know when the opportunity is best...
  
The Big Banks then step in and drive the price out Bitcoin of the solar system.  Everyone will think it's a big bubble and the sell off from those speculative holders will be over 95% since everyone will think they just hit the lottery and will assume they can just buy back in cheap when the crash comes.  
  
The massive dump of fiat on everyone and the sudden reduction in Bitcoin supply will coincide with a sudden drop in the value of the USD and the economic crisis will bring the US and world powers to attention.  BTC price remains high as Big Banks hold their coins and people desperately try to buy anything that might hold value.
  
They will acknowledge the importance of digital currency in light of the failure of fiat and pass (with much fanfare) the Digital Currency Act of 2016, reinventing the Fed and the US Mint as the arbiters of the new digital currency and outlawing all digital currencies in order to reestablish economic stability.  
  
Massive server farms for the Fed will come online and connect to the Bitcoin network adding 50% more computing power instantly.  The other central banks around the world will follow suit, giving central banks control of more than 51% of the computing power of the network and full control of the blockchain.  
  
With the Big Bank deposits of all the Bitcoins it purchased earlier and computing power sufficient to always be mining a majority of coins for the remainder of the mining period they, will be free to manipulate the supply and the world will return to the current status quo.  
  
**TL;DR; Central banks trick us in to giving them our coins and then the governments connect their computers to the Bitcoin network, checkmate.**  
I genuinely hope someone here will call me an idiot, then give really good economic/political reasons why this wouldn't work.
@_date: 2013-12-17 15:01:20
Hahaha, I don't know... I'd be lying if I said that didn't occur to me.    
  
Unfortunately I'm much better at provoking characters and conversation on the Internet than developing characters and writing dialogue within prose.
@_date: 2013-12-17 04:53:48
Yes, I'm aware of this... but just because they exist, doesn't mean they're in circulation.  So if the central banks can collect enough of the existing bitcoins and have enough computing power to mine enough of the future bitcoins, they will be able to release coins from their reserves in order to expand the money supply, or simply destroy coins in order to decrease it.  
  
All they need to do is make sure that the value of a single coin is so high that their reserve of coins is equal to many times the current existing dollar supply.  In this way they could destroy a billion dollars worth of buying power by deleting 100 BTC and "create" a billion dollars by releasing another 100 from reserve.  
  
They may not be able to get away with that forever, but it could work for 50 years and by then they'd be able to simply agree to change the algorithm to allow more coins and it'd be the equivalent of going off the gold standard again.  
  
You're right, if you DON'T sell those bitcoins in your wallet when the price skyrockets and they don't do something crazy like order all coins turned in (like they did with gold), then yes, your bitcoins will be worth a ton and you'd be rich.  
  
But so what?  You'll be a part of the New Rich, that is still beholden to central banks and government controls.  So long as you don't rock the boat, you can enjoy whatever luxury and affluence you so desire.  
  
I was hoping you had other holes to poke in it... like, tell me that governments don't actually have enough computing power to take over 51% of the mining or that it would require more collusion and planning than they're capable of, because of X, Y, Z.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:57:12
The supply is finite, but the coin is infinitely divisible.  
  
In my scenario the price of a single coin could be so high that a satoshi has a real value.  In that case if the central banks hold a significant majority % of the actual coins (current and future) the finite supply limit would be meaningless, correct?  
    
Also, the current charter of a central bank may read that way (haven't read it myself, admittedly), but I already mentioned there would be a new central banking act which would reinvent them.  
  
Willing to share any of the other many things?  I will readily admit I'm a paranoid fool when I hear something I didn't already think of.