@_author: cryptoconomy
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:48:51
Except that under their custodial control they have a contract regarding loses.  I'm betting those who would take full loss while others get partial or even all of their money back due to the sheer probability that their wallets managed to escape the hit would be extremely pissed as well.  This does not make them theives.  They aren't stealing the money and buying themselves houses. They are trying to figure out how to fairly distribute the company's remaining funds to best mitigate the damage from actions taken by an *actual* thief. 
@_date: 2016-08-31 14:01:47
He has an anonymous friend who knows a guy whose cousin's sister works for PIA.  She has *seen the logs.*
@_date: 2016-08-11 16:41:25
Agreed, this is a cheap and mostly stupid attempt at a character attack that isn't even successful because if I were in his position, I'd be drinking too.
@_date: 2016-08-20 01:03:31
This might actually be an awesome way that a lot of people can advertise for Bitcoin in a sense.  Think about it.  If people saw strong wifi nodes available near them that tells them having a little bitcoin on their phone could be useful, they might think differently about getting some.
This would be a really cool guerilla advertising project.  What if every r/Bitcoin subscriber setup a 21 Wifi node with a Ubiquiti outdoor antennea?  
@_date: 2016-08-10 19:01:30
I love Multibit HD.  they've responded to a few support requests I had with Multibit classic very quickly.  Setting up and managing multiple wallets is easy.  plus it's HD (hierarchically deterministic) so your first backup, even if never updated, can still restore addresses you make later on.  So you don't have to constantly update your backups.
It's just a great wallet, they've got good support, and it's secure.  I also use electrum, I just like Multibit better because I have so many different wallets.
@_date: 2016-08-02 18:17:43
Really?  Do you know what this is referencing then and who was there?
@_date: 2016-08-01 17:28:43
Nothing illegal at all about controlling how you view your content.  Brave is downloaded by my own choice I can avoid their ads if I choose also.  It's no different from getting up and going to the bathroom when commercials come on during a TV show.  You are ignoring their revenue stream by not watching ads.  
Content creators cannot truly control how you view content and downloading whatever software, in this case brave, is your choice.  So brave has done nothing unethical, the customer may have done something a bit "unkind" by downloading and using a service that blocks their old ad revenue system, but this is something neither Brave nor the site owners have control over.  Brave can only create the platform. If it were illegal to do that, then it would mostly be illegal to innovate in general.
@_date: 2016-08-20 01:12:18
i wonder if they could have both options available.  I could see the benefit of both choices depending on conditions.
@_date: 2016-08-21 05:25:46
That's clearly what the majority is doing.  You are looking at a temporary price crash following an event that affected short term liquidity, caused enough fear for weak hands to bail out of the market, and it was all after a steep bull run and subsequent stability.  So yeah... the price pulled back.
Yet, the price has already apparently bottomed at a level that still isn't even testing the one-year up trend line.  You are overestimating the effects of the hack, I think.  It was just particularly bad news.  Prices tend to move on news.  It is not really out of the ordinary, it is not evidence of the community "giving up," and it is *certainly* not going to kill Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-08-18 15:24:06
Except that this is the fantasy you *wish* was true because of a bias against development direction.  Your statement in fact is not remotely accurate.  Source: I use Bitcoin all the time.
For OP, might take an hour or so.  Don't worry, it's not totally out of ordinary for it to take a little while to confirm.  If you take the Transaction ID and/or the receiving address and paste it into blockr.io or blockchain.info it will show the transaction details and might give you a better idea as to what's going on.  Feel free to post it here if confirmation doesn't happen within an hour or two and maybe someone could shed more light on the situation.
@_date: 2016-08-30 18:33:53
... And the scammers.
@_date: 2016-08-03 15:32:13
The first scenario is totally irrelevant. People can always be "indisposed" or inaccessible during a catastrophe.  Having a reversible address only gives additional time to manage or fix when a mistake or something terrible happens.  it's the same as saying an airbag wouldn't help if someone dropped a wrecking ball on the top of your car.  Well yeah, but that's not a reason to not have airbags.
Your second scenario doesn't make much sense.  if someone is going to scam/steal from you for the sake of stealing from you then why would they allow withdrawals at all?  That's like letting someone you mugged come into your house to take their money back but hiring some guy to stand at the door and re-mug them.  It's not like anyone would be tricked by this.
@_date: 2016-08-01 20:03:32
Interesting, so the user cannot withdraw the bitcoins but obviously the website can.  I honestly was not aware of this but now that I looked into it and have thought about it for a bit I completely understand why they've done this.  Im beginning to think it's better this way because it means the highest value I can get from the ad revenue I've received is through directly supporting my favorite sites.  
In addition, those sites receive it in full rather than through a revenue split like they do with ads.  This would mean the incentives are pushed to be the users favorite site that they *want* to support and that they trust.  There is suddenly far less value in simply getting ad revenue from click bait crap. 
Thank you for telling me this... But honestly it makes me think that this might be even more promising than I originally understood.
@_date: 2016-08-20 17:22:26
Yeah, came here to mention this.  You can just send a normal address payment also
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:03:06
Oh my gerd! A post that lets me come in on my high horse and talk about circle jerking! Fapfapfapfapfap
@_date: 2016-08-20 17:30:22
If the fee isn't high enough to be immediately grabbed then it gets put in the "mempool" which is the pool of unconfirmed transactions.  Only a small portion of that pool leaks into each block behind the normal traffic of transactions with first block fee levels.  Therefore, if you have a medium/small fee in relation to the normal traffic, you can know that you will basically be included in the portion of lower fee transactions included in each block. There might be another 8mb of transaction waiting with a similar fee though.  Which would give you a 10-15 block time frame depending on how many miners have your transaction in their pool, current traffic, and so on. 
I don't think there is any default *chronological* prioritization but I could be wrong there.  I wouldn't doubt that some miners may do this on their own though.
@_date: 2016-08-11 19:04:30
I disagree. People being stupid or misinformed is a fact of life and therefore is the common denominator that every service or product has to deal with.  
The reason there has been little adoption is because there simply isn't the infrastructure/service that creates a very practical, real world value that's easy enough for the average user to intuitively grasp.  I think it will definitely get there because those use cases do exist, but it simply isn't there right now.
@_date: 2016-08-01 17:09:19
Except that this is already happening because ads have become, obnoxious, unsafe, and downright invasive in many instances.  I wonder how many people here don't use Adblock.  how is doing that any different from using Brave?  this is an attempt to fix the issue by changing the scheme.  Step one of that is to block the dangerous and annoying ads.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:43:17
I truly feel for you.  I know exactly what it's like to lose money, I was right there with you during the MTGox fiasco.  That being said, the hacker stole your money, which is where you should be directing your anger.  And, as much as this might burn, it was you who deliberately placed the amount of money you lost under someone else's custodianship.  I, and my brother, were stupid for leaving money in MtGox.  And it is our fault that so much money was at risk, and therefore lost. 
With that I hope you realize that this isn't the end of the world.  You can recover from anything.  My dad lost a quarter of a million dollars, enough to pay off his house, because he thought he could double it.  Then instead of taking a large loss, in his defiance he rode the trade to zero.  He is alive and well and learned an extraordinarily painful lesson.  Many of us have.  I'm sorry you had to experience this though.  This hurts for a *lot* of people.
@_date: 2016-08-01 17:06:33
They are removing the issue of ad malware and tracking for the sake of the customer and the percentage they give to the sites is much higher than competing ad services.  It is a revenue sharing system designed to give the customer privacy and security, have completely transparent funding from both the customer and business side, and make the site more rvenue from fewer, safer ads.
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:49:41
Ok will do when I get off work.  Maybe context will make more sense.
@_date: 2016-08-05 18:16:17
This guy is not helping our case.  He makes Bitcoin look like a publicity stunt and he is always trying to get people to buy.  It comes off as needy and defensive which makes me think, "wait, what's wrong with Bitcoin."
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:02:56
No he is correct actually.  You are exchanging trust in other humans and their actions/decisions for trust in the protocol.  This is exactly what he iterated.  The trust can still be abused or lost, it simply has to be a break in the math or protocol itself. Therefore, everyone can independently trust the protocol in order to not have to trust each other.
@_date: 2016-08-01 16:58:40
By allowing sites to advertise using Brave's built in, same location ads you will earn %15 of the ad revenue.  Then you can turn around, after browsing the general web with ads included, and fund your favorite sites in order to receive them ad free.
@_date: 2016-04-29 12:24:14
You should use more emoji. ;)
@_date: 2016-08-08 11:24:23
No actually it isn't.  It might be considered something like "circumstantial conjecture."  
It is an individual entirely unrelated to the incident making a weak assumption as to a possible breach of username/password data from another service.  Then, seemingly due to the fact that they are only a few weeks apart, this loose guess is tied to Bitfinex through sheer speculation and another layer of assumption with no evidence to back up that connection.  This is not evidence.
@_date: 2016-04-22 15:09:01
Holy shit this comment:










The ignorant "only my perspective could have value" thinking is fucking out of control with this comment.  Granted there is a books worth of stupid comments under this article, but this one just floored me.  This guy thinks the Internet is worthless because he doesn't visit many websites... Just wow.
Edit:  That being said if Bitcoin "equals the worthlessness of the Internet" I guess we have some serious price growth in our future.
@_date: 2016-04-19 20:38:25
A little long, but here are my thoughts on the pay-for YouTube alternatives:
The concept excites me, but I just don't see it working as a simple pay to watch style service.  While many of the attempts leave something to be desired, this isn't the first time such a thing has come available.  Here's my thinking as to why this problem is neither easy nor simply a matter of getting a working platform out there.
First, the idea of "reclaiming your time" is great in a marketing sense but that's not really what is happening.  If I have to break out a phone and fund a wallet, or setup an account login and password with a micropayment channel to the service just to use it... then you have already eliminated a *vast* majority of your audience straight out the gate.  When I go to read an article or watch a funny video that someone has posted, as soon as I hit play or start reading and that window comes up that says "Register to watch!" I'm already out of there.  It's costing me my time and I'm not going to do work or pay up front for something I have no idea if I'm going to enjoy or not.  When I go to the theater it's a very different story, I'm getting 2 hours of entertainment that has been summarized, has that actor I love, revealed a bunch of exciting clips, and has trailers and posters everywhere trying to convince me it is a good film and/or entice me with its genre, story, and style.  A YT video does not have this luxury, and neither does it get rewarded with my expectation of entertainment.  It is generally the opposite, I expect to find something mildly interesting that I will likely pass over after a short amount of time.  This is far more often the case.  I very well may start 20 lectures about different topics, watch a minute or so and skip on to the next until I find one that really grabs my attention.  I'm gonna be really annoyed if that takes funding a wallet, setting up an account, and having to pay for every single portion of video that failed to entertain me.
Second, the network and content is everything.  There has to be a very enticing reason for content creators to post all of their content onto a new platform.  There needs to be a feedback loop between creators and consumers.  YouTube worked because it IS free and was from the very beginning.  Then the popular content and big content creators received payout from ads as the platform grew and content spread.  Ads that the user accepts generally on the basis of number of views, number of subscribers, and the fact that they can probably skip it after a few seconds.  They are given a "preview" of sorts regarding the value of what they are watching.  They are simply receiving it in the form of views and/or ratings.  This may be enough to get someone who *already* has an account and who has *already* funded a one-click wallet to watch the video, but you must have the views, the ratings, and the users *first* to show the value of the video or content in question.
Lastly, I've tried every service that has made this attempt I've stumbled upon so far.  Some have it easier than others. Xotika.tv for instance needs little more than a thumbnail to get someone to try the service (which I did for science.)  But keep in mind the user *still does **not** pay up front,* even with a far easier to market content type.  The user can start the video, chat, and use the service in a limited way while the content creator (in this case naked people) decides the amount of tips needed for certain desires of the user.  If this is something done with porn, regular content will need to do this two-fold to have a ghost of a chance.
**My warnings and advice as a "professional user": **
IF you are competing with YouTube, it MUST be free and ad-less to begin using.  No ifs, ands or buts about it.  If you want users, they should be able to go there, start browsing, watch a few videos, and try the service without registering, paying, or seeing ads.  Maybe a 5 free videos per day thing or something.  I don't think that is a very good solution to the problem, but it is a start.
My suggestion?  *Dont* be YouTube.  YouTube is YouTube *because* it is free.  Specializing the content, like with tutorials, or a specific type of media may create a different image in the users' minds.  **Stop trying to be Yotube**.  Because you will always be the YouTube copy that costs more and doesn't have nearly the quantity or quality of content.
I hope this works out and I am proven wrong.  But I think success may be found from narrowing the vision or goal to something that has real uniqueness in it. But I do not recommend trying to compete with a free service by making the equivalent in a paid service, decentralized at some point in the future or not.  I will try it, because I try all of them, but if I don't want to come back after my first experience, I probably won't.  The Internet is huge and there is an ocean of content demanding our attention. 
 I sincerely hope this works out and I'm excited to see more people putting their minds and hard work toward solving this problem.  I just want to give my two bitcent as someone who has been searching for the service that has that enticing idea, that unique monetizing system, or that completely changes how I thought about content creation.
Edit:  **TL;DR** Would you have paid 10 cent to start reading this comment?  Did you even read it despite it being free?  I think the pay-for video model has a bigger problem to solve than having a working platform.
@_date: 2016-04-22 14:49:26
This is pretty old if you didn't know.  About a year I think.
@_date: 2016-04-16 12:50:27
While I don't agree with exactly how u/Supercrab states it (I don't think being predictive has anything to do with whether it's beneficial), the fact that he was chief economist of the IMF is not a very useful argument either.  What I assume he was trying to point out is that central bank and/or government influence over market imbalances are by their nature imbalances themselves.  In other words, whatever they attempt there can be no net positive.  Their only tools are price controls on interest rates (which result in imbalancing the time value of money, resulting in a boom/bust cycle) or printing money (better named as counterfeiting money which can only ever been seen as a positive under the false pretense that money itself makes people wealthy).
Their entire arsenal of tools amount to distorting prices for debt and counterfeiting in order to allow government to spend money it doesn't have.  Neither is useful no matter what predictions they make or how accurate they are. It's just fluff to cover up the fact that they are manipulating markets, Making substantial personal profits, while doing nothing that will result in a healthier economy.
@_date: 2018-01-23 03:20:44
This is the exact opposite of what he is saying.  This post is celebratory.  He is getting paid $X in bitcoin, and now that translates into a higher amount of bitcoin due to the timing of the contract coming due.  
OP isn't crying, he/she is laughing maniacally over their luck. As they should be. :)
@_date: 2016-04-15 14:05:06
While I do agree, so many of these "price doesn't matter" declarations are missing something.  To gain both stability and security requires a large, diverse, and adaptable network.  It requires high liquidity and a subsequently high enough valuation that small amounts of money have little effect on the overall price.  So yes, the above mentioned are the true goals.  However, Bitcoin will never be able to reach its full potential or fully realize those goals without a very significant increase in the price.
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:57:17
Im sorry, but you are not aware of what the consensus is regarding if you think this requires a hard fork.  It has nothing to do with the "base unit," which is entirely unchanged in this situation.  Adding smaller units doesn't alter the consensus around current unit count.  It can easily be handled by "tagging" onto old transactions or possibly even adding a script related to sub-satoshi units.  Old nodes would not see or verify the smaller units, but it wouldn't affect the 21 mil cap at all and would not be an alteration to the rules. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 20:13:35
I want to clarify what effect you think taxes have here so let's imagine a simple scenario.  Imagine Wal-Mart began billing you for groceries *before* you bought anything.  Then methodically and universally humiliated you, called you a criminal, and caged you or anyone else if you or anyone else refused to pay.  They gain a 5000% increase in revenue! as hey are now billing people who don't even shop there... But they say the supermarket industry will collapse and everyone will starve if they don't fund themselves this way.  Then the recourse they *allow* if you disagree with how they spend *your* money is that you can wait 4 years and vote for a different CEO.  But! if you disagree with the system entirely you have to somehow convince everyone AND the entire organization to dismantle itself and stop paying themselves salaries.  Also you clearly hate society and the poor because supermarkets would collapse everywhere if you simply suggest such a thing.
now imagine that this system of "take money now, maybe provide services later" became full of crooks, run by mooches who wanted easy life-long jobs, ruled by an endless thread of wealthy liars, became a club of super rich and politically connected assholes working together to live the high life at our expense, spent a vast majority of funds hurting people and influencing/fighting other organizations, caging people for non-violent and arbitrary reasons, bragging about the prison and police jobs they have "created," and the whole thing fell victim to the endless battle of classes and races fighting each other over the massive pool of money taken from everyone under the "Supermarkets for Everyone" tax.   Then worst of all, every time you disagreed or denounced their lies, their murders, and insane waste they throw the ideology in your face that it's all for the "Greater Good" and there is no other way to fund e supermarket industry without them in charge.  Are you suggesting that their new grocery tax did *not* contribute to this problem?  would Wal-Mart be better under a grocery tax system do you think?  Wouldn't we want to implement it immediately if this is the case?
@_date: 2016-04-25 15:36:12
We can talk about ideology all we want but it does make a real world difference.  "Legitimacy" is based on perception and in the eyes of the average consumer/investor this will change Bitcoin's image.  There is no denying that government approval, no matter how illegitimate, influences buyers.  It doesn't matter that I think their "legitimacy" is crap and should only ever be typed with quotations, because a large number of people do not think the way I do.
@_date: 2018-01-19 21:27:19
The average joe is simply going to use the service that gives them the best security at the lowest price and the vast majority will never hold their own private keys. That is true today in Bitcoin, and will likely stay the reality in the future.  Most people *want* someone else to have the responsibility to keep their funds safe.  Most people don't (and probably shouldn't) trust themselves with the task.  
Only computer geeks, the very security conscious, and the very distrusting (i fall under all three categories) will likely hold their crypto outside of third party services.  
A huge benefit of LN is being able to have control of your funds *and* the ability to make full use of the service in question, but still not have to deal with the ~~third party~~ counterparty risk like we do today.  Imagine a service that creates their own channel factory (a large multi-sig tree that breaks down to individual account channels for lightning) and the user sees their lightning balance in the service wallet.  If the service or exchange gets hacked, the user still holds their half of the keys that prevent the channel funds from being stolen, and closing the channel (with a valid state) is the hackers only option for getting the funds from the exchange/service side.  However, they are likely to have to wait through the time-lock to get their "magic internet booty" since the users aren't signing/initiating the hackers transaction.
I wrote an article about this a while ago.  One of the most exciting things about Lightning IMO.
Here's the link if you are interested in reading more. [The Barely discussed, Incredible Benefit of the Lightning Network](
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:53:05
It can be done with a soft fork, there are no alterations to the rules.  
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:47:29
I definitely get that position, but I also think the delay with segwit adoption is more a political and speculative move.  There is enormous money to be made currently in trading altcoins, even more so if you have the ability to single-handedly *cause* high fees on bitcoin while still posturing to appear as if you are acting "in Bitcoin's best interest."
I think Coinbase's refusal (more than a year of bullshit promises) to adopt segwit is because they have inefficient management for their UTXOs, never fixed it, wanted a larger blocksize to avoid having to fix it, therefore were politically opposed to SegWit (as it doesn't help their self-inflcited problem), and stood to make (and have made) enormous amounts of money by supporting a fork and multiple altcoins.
I think these problems are temporary, however, due to the stage of market growth.  These avenues of manipulation will begin to evaporate as the ecosystem grows further.  It will quickly turn from a high short term profit strategy, to a long-term loss for their company.  They are in for a rude awakening if they take their market position for granted.  Look at what happened with Bittrex and Binance in the last 3 months.  This market can swing against them insanely quickly.
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:04:14
We will use a Litecoin/Bitcoin swap for example.  The swap would be a person who had one channel on the bitcoin network, and a different channel on the Litecoin network, but allowed forwarding based on some agreed or advertised ratio (likely spot price minus some fee).  Therefore, the Litecoin channel close would be with only Litecoin, and the bitcoin channel would only have bitcoin. So either the transaction happens at an agreed upon swap value, or the person holding both coin channels merely doesn't go through with the swap.
So essentially its the same as any single node deciding whether to forward the payment, just the added task of deciding and confirming LTC/BTC ratio.  There isn't actually a *channel* across both chains, just a node. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 21:31:04
Thanks I’ll tell her you said that. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:49:27
The closing balance would currently be rounded to nearest satoshi.  That works fine for now because satoshi's are worth insanely little.  If value grows so high that 1 sat = $1, then we can easily implement a soft fork that adds decimal places, and with lightning network and other probabilistic payments that use sub-satoshi amounts, integration would be entirely behind the scenes.  
in short, this is not a real problem. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:22:54
No, this is a common misconception.  You need a channel into *the lightning network* but then will likely be connected through other channels to any other LN user or service.
For instance, on testnet recently someone made a single channel and checked to see that they were able to reach nearly every other node on the netowrk with just the single channel.  I think there were like 10 or so that were "unreachable."
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:08:35
As u/8run0 corrected, I was meaning "counterparty risk." Having a third party hold your keys for you creates a central point of failure for the security of all user funds.  If each user instead has a channel open with the service, it doesn't leave you open to a hacker stealing your funds if the service is compromised, but also doesn't result in any significant trade-offs with the speed or versatility of using their service.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:21:57
Channels only contain two participants. If there are thousands of participants, there are thousands of channels.  The exception to the rule is in “channel factories,” where you may have 8 or 10 players in a multisig agreement that can make or close multiple channels off-chain. Thereby allowing situations where you can rebalance or move channels without going to the blockchain. But in normal LN, every channel is only 2 parties.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:56:02
Exactly. More connections means more routing options, much higher volume of payments, more opportunities to rebalance channels, and higher likelihood that there will always be a route to where you want to send it.
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:40:22
I think what that line of argumentation is missing, is exactly how much activity that happens between exchanges and on current services is clogging up the blockchain.  In addition to how much of that activity could be done entirely on the lightning network or sidechains. 
The exchanges and services are without doubt a huge majority of the activity on the network.  The costs and barriers for their service models drop significantly with wide adoption of LN and other aggregation methods. 
I wouldn't be surprised if we saw upwards of 75% reduction in on-chain transactions with just the top 5 or so businesses in crypto implementing these new protocols where it makes the most sense.  While continued adoption is likely to happen mostly *within* these services, rather than direct interaction with bitcoin, as we have already been seeing.
In short, I think the strain of on-chain transactions with new adoption is overestimated, while the off-loading of current transactions is underestimated.  Time will tell.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:37:15
I agree.  I love having my own node to reference to check network stats and stuff and I’m a little impatient that SegWit and Bech32 have not been implemented yet.  That being said I do kind of understand their sentiment that they don’t want the core node to be dependent on having all of these added features that inevitably increase the attack surface of the client itself.  So if it validates and enforces all of these new features and rules, without worrying about implementing them specifically, it makes for much better segregation and essentially a “stronger concrete” to build the network on.
Trust me, I’m right there with you on wanting all this new shit to be useable yesterday. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:15:48


Economics *is* a science, it just behaves much less like an experimental science and more like mathematics in its discovery.  Economic theories must be deduced from core economic axioms, otherwise the eventual experimentation and data cannot be properly understood and will be misappropriated to nonsensical theories like many of the keynesian or government economic models that are common today.
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:27:31
Nodes don't get paid, only miners.  Miners do not make the network censorship resistance, the 100,000 nodes rejecting blocks that break the rules are what do that.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:18:41
Purchasing a physical copy of Mastering Bitcoin for Christmas.  Might be buying a second one for my brother too.  
If anyone hasn’t read it, it’s basically the Bitcoin Bible. Do yourself a favor and invest in one.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:11:19
Because I don’t assume I’m right.  I would like to be given a solid counter argument if there is one.  This is just my current opinion based on everything I know and understand so far.  
People make ridiculous claims that BCH is better, that it will replace Bitcoin, that on-chain transactions are the only way for it to be “real” bitcoin.  Yet all the arguments are shockingly weak and ignore the enormous limitations and disadvantages that the platform has.  Not to even mention the huge development barrier that they created for themselves.
@_date: 2017-12-04 16:31:12
They were democratic and the population voted for more government power to receive handouts and to "socialize" the oil wealth.  That's why they are in this mess.  Democracy is mob rule.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:56:00
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:31:33
There are roughly 12 million users on Coinbase with Bitcoin wallets.  A single transaction to withdraw from each user would clog the network for like 30 days or something close to it.  With SegWit that would take half as long.  With Lightning, they could leave their bitcoin in Coinbase, without having to worry about Coinbase stealing/losing their funds (using a channel instead of giving over control) and have the ability to quickly and instantly bounce to other exchanges, services, or use it for purchasing.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:56:30
Are you saying... our financial system has full reserve and our debt has equivalent savings to pay for it?
Or... are you saying the idea that they are limited to a specific fractional limit for lending is a myth?
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:58:12
Awesome news! Thanks for the update.  I’ll probably wait until the stable release but good to know the option is actually already there.  Didn’t realize that was the case.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:28:49
It is not a matter of perspective. It is a matter of the factual characteristics of democratic consensus.  Democracy is majority making decisions regarding the use of force against the minority, regardless of who that minority may be. There is nothing accomplished through government action which isn’t founded on forced funding.  This is why everyone finds it so appealing, no one is legally allowed to disagree with the government’s investment decisions.  Therefore, the battle of democracy is to fight to have those investments be in your own favor, or risk non-involvement and having to pay for someone else’s benefit.  The bulk of the worst dictators and most destructive governments in the 20th century were democratically elected.  History is not ambiguous on this issue. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:26:28
Yes, that’s what I meant by “divorcing themselves” from all the serious scaling solutions and truly innovative cryptographic applications.  
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:04:11


This is untrue and a misinterpretation.  It started as a private bank and purchased the law.  This is a consequence of a government monopoly, and since their authority and monopoly advantage is given directly by the government, you can by no standard call it "private."  Everything the government has coopted began as private.
Without a government monopoly backing it and using their monetary fraud to fund their own behaviors, then the Fed would be a nothing-burger.  It is specifically because of government self-interest and the buying and selling of political power that the Fed has caused so much pain and has siphoned so much wealth from the economy.
That same central bank being public in some "other" way, has no bearing on the eventual outcome.  Centrally planned economies fail. It is merely a matter of time.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:44:08
Agreed.  The major advantage of SegWit is lightning and the other solutions it enables.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:12:25
Separation of money and state, the next revolution of societal organization that will create an astounding level of prosperity.  Can't get here fast enough.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:55:03


@_date: 2017-12-04 20:09:46
I would rather have freedom and stop reinforcing the concept of a "special" institution that we are required to fund even if we vehemently disagree with how that money is spent.  There is no moral outcome from the right to steal from people who disagree with you, regardless of how many millions support your authority to do so.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:43:58
You misunderstand, he sold his arms on the DNM in order to get more bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:51:54


This is irrelevant.  *Everyone* moves the market to the degree of their financial influence.  Any purchase or sale of any kind moves the market, no matter how small.  Someone being able to purchase $10 Mil worth and then sell $10 Mil worth and significantly influence the market *does not guarantee* that such a move works in their favor.  They can just as easily get horribly burned trying that.  This is not an unfair advantage, it is an *inevitable one* because of the reality of prices and markets.  But you are grossly exaggerating their influence if you think they can just dictate the price and how many buy or sell orders are available for their “manipulation.”  Just watch the order books and you will see that whales get rekt all the time trying to influence the price, because there is often an ocean of entrants working against them. There is no exclusive power in an open market.


They will work to exact worse control *over the bridges between the legacy financial system and bitcoin* but they have no mechanism to change the rules of bitcoin itself.  If they did, bitcoin has failed.  They cannot make the protocol treat certain transactions differently, they cannot alter the rules.  They can continue to worsen the inequality and barriers in their own financial system, working only to make the cryptoconomy ever more enticing.
The nature of disruptive potential is in removing their avenues for control.  Of course they will still attempt to control it through the avenues thy have always had.  I would love to hear how they intend to alter the rules of the protocol however.


I look forward to you being wrong as well, but not in any “I told you so” sense.  You have a perfectly reasonable position, but I think it is largely based on what is “normal” and within the average persons overton window of what is possible.  Bitcoin is a fundamental change to that window.  The underlying technological breakthrough is of *achieving community consensus in absence of authority.* It is very hard to extrapolate the full disruptive potential of such a technology, but I can promise you will be world changing.  I try to be a realist most of the time, and bitcoin is far from perfect.  I don’t like to believe it has powers that it doesn’t actually have and spend far more time reading about limitations and risks than about utopian futures.  The true test of this technology is ahead of us, but the farther we come the more I see the incentives of the system working as expected, even in the face of political opposition and division.  We are quickly reaching the point where governments will have an exponentially more difficult problem on their hands, and I truly think the point of no return will be long gone before they realize exactly how revolutionary this thing is. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:07:48
sigh, look at the username.  he was clearly joking
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:56:08
The Bolshevik revolution was considered the first free election in Russia (Lenin).  
The Nazi party became the most powerful party in Germany due to democracy in federal election which gained Hitler the appointment of Chancellor. 
Mao was elected as a democratic dictator where citizens were allowed to vote from a selection of government vetted candidates. 
Venezuelan presidents Chavez and Madura, jointly responsible for a complete economic collapse and millions starving, were democratically elected.
Al-Assad was elected in Syria. 
Castro was elected in Cuba.
The list goes on.  The majority of communist regimes  have been put in power through democratic elections. Democracy leads to central planning and special interests, central planning extends government power, greater central power eroded the usefulness of democracy, a weak democracy quickly turns to socialism.  Democracy is a game of buying and selling the rights of the citizens and in nearly every case, leads to practically nothing outside of ever increasing government authority.  The end game of democracy is socialism and state control. It both incentivizes and rewards those who desire to extend government control.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 05:08:10
The impact of this kind of thing cannot be underestimated either.  When the government is buying anything by the billions, people will create a market for them because the government literally doesn’t run out of other people’s money.  Government buying pet rocks? There would be a billion dollar pet rock industry within the day. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:34:57


Democracy simply changes the specific route to get there, but the underlying issue is that majority support (or popular opinion) will force their beliefs onto the minority.  A huge number of dictators, regardless of their specific system, had popular support for coming to power, many through elections, some through coups, and some through violent uprising. 


I was using the term democratic as "representative of the people" in the way you seem to be defining it.  As truly free elections and a free press would suggest only "the will of the people" would be successful.  But an institution built upon forced-funding can never truly be "representative of the people." If the government was ever *actually* representative of the people, funding would happen voluntarily, not through taxation.
This is why the majority of government funding and endeavors are often aggressive in nature.  As rather than having the people's interests, the clearly self-interested institution of government will always seek, like all individuals with privilege, to grant greater power and influence to their specific means of funding (in this case, greater force).  Whether that manifests in undermining elections, instituting a central bank to "stabilize the economy," new taxes to "help the poor," new taxes to "educate everyone," and so on.  Most of the funding still ends up going to subsidies, granting special privilege, continuous expeditions of war, and being bought and sold through an extensive market of regulatory capture.


And one that does a pretty terrible job of it.  Which is why the States was created as a loose union acting as a republic with the right for states to withdraw their support and leaving the vast majority of power in a poor, albeit revolutionary at the time, semblance of free competition.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:03:31
We are entering a short bear market and could likely see a further dip.  Not certain, but definitely on the table.  Try not to watch the charts.  Shrug it off if you watch it go down to the 9-10k range.  If you are here to invest in an amazing technology that has the vast majority of its growth and development ahead of it, then a short dip is nothing but a distraction. 
A lot of new money is coming into the markets, futures are going live, things are changing quickly.  Anything can happen in the short term, in the long term I see nothing but growth.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:09:21
It *is* illegal to manipulate prices, and it is *extremely* illegal to collude in having rating and regulating agencies give high marks to an investment vehicle that they are fully aware is pack full of defaulting mortgages. Fraud and manipulation were rampant and it was being done with complete knowledge of what they were doing.  *Hundreds* of bankers and executives should have gone to prison.
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:16:32
This community is a shit ton bigger and more diverse than it was 3-4 years ago.  No stopping people from begging for the government if they came here without any solid principles in the first place.  I don’t even see Libertarian sentiment very often these days.  A small subset is still here, but thinking this is a freedom loving community still with the huge influx of randoms is just wishful thinking.
I mentioned the other day that loaning new money into existence without any backing has terrible consequences for the economy and multiple people came in and responded that “without doing that there would be no investment.” 
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:16:04
I would ask whether the technology is more secure or not.  Massive capital movements will not be put on a blockchain that might have a financially destructive bug or weakness to a central decision point. If an institution doesn’t actually think it is independent and safe, they will never hold $20 Billion worth.  That’s why I fear ETH as a long term investment.  It is far to much a developers playground and has far to great of an attack surface to be considered for any real financial backbone. 
I would consider just reading.  And *dont* just read *opinions*, read and try to understand how these tools *actually* work.  You will find there are incredibly widespread opinions that are easily refuted but people desperately cling to them in spite of it.  knowing how these things actually work and the real underlying incentives makes it far easier to sort through the massive floods of bullshit out there. 
So in short, I think an investment in bitcoin at any time is the safest place for a crypto investment in the long term, and the developers are working and focused entirely on making that the case. As far as sheer profit potential or 10x returns next week, it’s little more than a gamble with alts. No reason not to entertain them and learn them, but I see little solid reasoning for Bitcoin to be “dethroned” so to speak.  
@_date: 2017-12-29 01:36:27
• It is a new and highly desirable asset. 
• It is very easy to conceal and transport enormous amounts of it following a ransom payout.
These would be key in my mind as to why it is seen as a better alternative for ransom.  Cash is hard to move, ACH guarantees you get screwed, and bitcoin hodlers might be dumb enough to openly talk about how much they have.  Crypto becomes prime for scoping out targets for specific ransom amounts, and makes it highly likely that you can mix your coins and disappear without extraordinary hassle.
Take the bad with the good unfortunately.  This is why privacy is so critical and people need to learn not to talk about how much money they have on public forums.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:18:40
I needed photo ID, all banking info, copy of utility bill, and something else.  Can’t remember last item.
Edit: the utility bill is what threw me, because it was in my wife’s name and not mine, which meant it didn’t give “proof of residence” and I had to go through some extra crap to get verified.  Don’t have a passport which would’ve skipped the process. Getting one soon hopefully.
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:25:07
Pretty much the same.  This is just “the public” at this point.  Very little interesting discussion, zero detailed insights, funny every once in a while.  Sad to see it go, but we did ask for “the mainstream.”  I guess we got it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:41:36
Cool Thanks!
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:33:19
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:57:36
I don’t, and that is completely fine.  I’m trying to get a justification as to *why* it’s better.  Can they explain what makes it better to have their receipt stored by other people until the end of time if they don’t care to keep it themselves?  
And to divorce the entire protocol from such a massive set of completely novel cryptographic applications *so that they do not work on Bcash* just seems idiotic.  As far as a short term hype trade, Bcash is fine, but long term I can’t see that the project has *anything* going for it.  It’s arguably got the *least* chance of scaling to the mainstream as any coin in the top 100.  They have to *start development over* to implement sidechains, Lightning (which they cant get without bugs or higher risks thanks to malleability), MAST, Schnorr signatures, Tumblebit (which is days from release will need to be ported and modified because it uses SegWit)... I mean the list just keeps going.  I think in under a year Bitcoin will have 5-10x the transaction capacity as Bcash and BCH will have spent all of their time and money on advertising, posturing, and complaining about Blockstream. 
Don’t get me wrong I’m really happy for Bcash (even congratulated them and was jacked about the fork finally happening) and *wish* Bcash could succeed alongside Bitcoin, I just can’t come up with any convincing argument as to how it would.  It literally needs a huge influx of developers and talent to setup a solid roadmap.  I just don’t see it happening.  When BCH falls behind Bitcoin in consumer capacity, and after years of kicking and screaming, it will already be too late.  Bitcoin will be ready for a 100x capacity growth that will be insanely fast.  The rate of LN growth with *rapidly increase* with it becoming widespread enough for even a few common uses.  Within weeks of Bcash falling behind in capacity, it will suddenly be *lightyears* behind with no solid solution even on the table. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:45:17
This is wonderful, but best not to make anyone a target with amounts or too much identifying information.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:11:21
He is responding to u/ImNotGaySoStopAsking... 
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:04:58
Why would you trust law enforcement to have done a thorough job in prosecuting acts that the federal government was deeply involved in themselves? The bubble itself and the creation of the enormous increase in mortgages was a result of federal price controls on the interest rate.  Despite an economy with very little savings, the government decided the price of debt shouldn’t be left to the market, and instead forced it far below market price, encouraging people who couldn’t afford them, to purchase a house.  
This resulted in a growing market during times when *real* capital was scarce, and loaned capital was artificially abundant.  Prices started increasing dramatically, and policy kept pushing rates lower (as it was seen as a successful strategy during the boom). Then the government began guaranteeing and purchasing many of these loans, creating a market for even the worst loans that could be packaged and sold to large government backed conglomerates.  The entire thing was a consequence of central planning and regulatory capture by a number of the largest banks.  It was fraud and price controls on an unprecedented level.  Your government didn’t prosecute these people because they were having to accuse their partners of crimes for which they would be equally guilty.
The first thing bought and sold after the creation of a new regulating agency are the regulators themselves. 
Edit: also, just off the top of your head, would you call a mortgage given without a credit check, with a market based variable Interest rate, to a person with low income a AAA asset that was essentially a 30 year sure thing?  Because those ratings were being given to the worst kind of loaned garbage for up to a decade before the crash... which is exactly why we had such a bad bubble to begin with.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:39:00
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:55:10
I would do a double wipe.  I had a virus once in the system files that remained on the computer after my first reformat.  
I would wipe the drive and reformat.  And *then* use the reformatting utility to re-zero the whole drive.  It will take a while, be patient.  Take a break for a bit and let it do the job.  Also. I would keep bitcoin air-gapped from Windows at all costs.  Windows is the nemesis of bitcoin hodlers.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:00:41
Ditto. If you ever find yourself in NC Raleigh area, send me a message.  Lots of bitcoin meet ups around to go to and I am always up for some beer and Bitcoin chat XD
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:11:13
Agreed, but it makes no sense to complain about fees being a problem when you aren't using a solution that available.  Its like complaining about the price of the Stranger Things Season 1 DVD being $20 when you could have gotten a Netflix subscription for $8.
They definitely have the choice to waste money, but the Bitcoin blockchain is a public good, it will cost a lot more for everyone if they make inefficient choices.  That's a significant part of the problem with the incentives of merely raising the blocksize for inconsequential capacity improvements.  The blockchain has an enormous tragedy of the commons conflict between capacity and security.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:42:47
First, I think this is a cop-out.  Full Segwit gives 2MB, a 100% increase in capacity. And they were prepared to split the entire network over exactly that level of increase.  A HF would be as equally weak of an upgrade if thats indeed what it is. 
Second, SegWit enable a lot more than a basic increase of capacity.  It will enable numerous next layer solutions, aggregation, and signature improvements that can lower the need for trust in certain exchanges, and the number of transactions to accomplish common tasks.  It also greatly decreases the costs of scripted transactions and currently used payment channels, aside from other channel benefits, with the Lightning Network included of course.
This isn't a simple band-aid.  It is an entirely new feature that is usable in *many* ways other than just a plain blocksize increase.


A massive part of keeping their platform running smoothly is *completely* dependent upon the Bitcoin network, which has built their entire platform and granted them substantial profits.  Withdrawals and processing fees are an absolutely critical piece of their entire business model (which they pointed out like a billion times when pushing for a HF).  If this isn't a fundamental part of keeping their exchange running, then I don't know what is.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:11:29
Personally, I'm partial to the idea of treating each other as equals and granting *no one* the authority to take from those who disagree with them.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:19:31
It isn't that we demand government regulation, that isn't even what the comment implies.  It is that we need "legitimate exchanges" that provide an easy to use on and off-ramp for Bitcoin.  Anything that isn't integrated into the current financial system wont be a viable option for a large number of users, and anything that doesn't have full government permission, will be short lived and run the risk of being shut down.
Government regulation isn't by its nature desirable, it is merely necessary for a large scale solution for getting into and out of crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:46:10
There would "still be a problem" with 100% SegWit specifically because a doubling of capacity isn't a solution.  Merely proving that no other blockchain has a sophisticated solution to this problem either.
As far as low value transactions being priced out of the market in the short-term, I think it only makes sense in regards to economic discovery of the network's level of security.  As it becomes viable for multi-million $ transactions, the players making these exchanges are gleeful, not depressed, at the idea of paying $50 and waiting an hour for full monetary security of their business reserves.  I think the opposite of this being a bad thing, is that this merely proves Bitcoin's *high value* proposition, as it replaces Bitcoin's temporarily useful, *low value* proposition of common retail payments.  That you will be able to secure nation-state and Fortune 500 amounts of capital and easily exchange it on the blockchain is revolutionary, and it is a far more valuable use-case than having just another payment network (particularly one that is slow and cumbersome regardless of the blocksize).
The downside, is that we are in transition.  On-chain fees are pricing out little stuff like securing the purchase of a coffee, in exchange for securing 401Ks, hedging against market downturns, countering negative interest rates, and storing 5% of a business's capital reserve.  These new possibilities, however, are *significantly* more important to economic stability and resiliency than a mere purchase of coffee, or an afternoon meal. 
So, in the short term I don't see this as an issue. In the mid-term, the off-chain solutions are being built at an incredible pace.  The low value transactions *will come back with a vengeance* when lightning, MAST, Schnorr and others finally hit mainnet release.  The game is patience and focus.  The value proposition of securing monetary independence and hardening a cryptographic protocol *doesn't involve breaking it and reimplementing new rules every 3 months.*  The security is in a stable, unalterable, set of monetary rules.  The number of transactions it has to validate and store is inversely proportional to the resiliency and security (decentralization) of the network. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:16:30
yeah, we really took the analogy too far here.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:12:23
Invest in fungibility tech and privacy focused coins.  The game will change very quickly when something like that happens.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:31:22
I’m talking about default SegWit addresses which they have yet to implement despite it being essentially “ready.” No reason to be so defensive over a simple perspective.  As I understand it Bech32 is still being worked on to ensure no conflicts with other clients.  
(Edit: I’m unsure if this is actually the case, it’s conjecture I heard recently.  It may just be waiting to have SegWit added by default before making any changes to what core recognizes as valid receiving addresses)
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:22:13
Well argued point.  I appreciate this.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:11:39
Without SegWit transactions, the majority of these features cannot be taken advantage of.  In other words, only the 10% of transactions using SegWit will have reliable access to lightning and others.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:23:46
Suppressing political opposition is the very consequence of government power.  The fact that many of these leaders removed opposition after obtaining power is exactly why democracy doesn’t work.  If democracy is only dictated as a consequence of totally free elections and free press, then it has nothing to do with government, as the nature of taxation is anti-democratic.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:50:27
• Gemini will be a bitch to do verification for, but the platform works well in my experience.
• Purse.io I have used to "cash out" so to speak, but have yet to do it for purchasing.  Though I will be testing their platform very soon for that specific reason.  Purse is great as far as my experience with using Amazon with bitcoin however.  Absolutely love their work.
• Hoping to test out Bitquick and Wall of Coins soon.  Possible option similar to localbitcoins.
Still looking into others.  These are currently at the top of my list, with LocalBitcoins of course.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:06:07
"Of any single transaction type including buy, sell, or trade." That was the wording if i remember correctly.  
so if you sell $100 worth 200 times, you fall in this category.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:08:28
If you think 2-3x is going to make any difference whatsoever in the long term (check that, mid-term) then you are gravely mistaken.  3x the transactions is a drop in the ocean of our scaling issues, and their network has been getting just as congested with that awesome 2-3x capacity that they are hurting.  Having to do another gas increase, and another, and another, and another.  When will it suddenly be fixed?
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:51:26
Not much help to berate someone who just got robbed.  They are fully aware they made a mistake in clicking the screenshot.  Have a little compassion.
OP, sorry this happened to you.  Bitcoin really puts our horrible computer security practices and literacy into an entirely new perspective.  Contact Coinbase and maybe they can help, but I would consider the coins gone.  It’s just whether you or Coinbase will pay for the loss.  As far as the bitcoin network is concerned, the thief owns them. 
Do some solid reading about security and I would highly advise, even with smaller amounts (because they can become quite large in short order), to get a hardware wallet.  The great thing about them is that you must confirm on the device itself any transfer and the keys and signing are done on the device completely.  Even on a fully remote accessible computer there is an *extremely* tiny likelihood they will get any compromising information or control. 
Also, immediately activate 2-Factor on Coinbase. Had that been activated, you may have been able to avoid this.  That being said, this lesson could have been *far* more expensive.  People have lost an extraordinary amount of money this way.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:25:15
I wouldn't be so sure.  Clearly, no one can force them to use the new tech, so they may just decide to keep avoiding it.  However, we can route around them pretty easily with lightning.  Even, if we only have 10% SegWit transactions, fees may still be high, but it could actually work to *exaggerate* the use of lightning rather than limit it.  By making a normal transaction economically pointless, it would encourage anyone using SegWit to just make it a payment channel instead.  Otherwise they have to worry about the ability to transact later on.  With a channel open, they know they won't have any problem.  Blocks, congestion, confirmation times, these things all go away with a live channel.  Only during a dispute (needing to close channel) does this become a concern again.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:07:29
I disagree wholeheartedly and think you misunderstand *why* the world is such a mess.  There are a thousand different conflicts of interest and centralized points of power that have resulted in widespread economic string pulling by those in power that has had (as it always does) disastrous long term results.  
Bitcoin is a fundamental change of that system.  It removes the strings altogether.  Anyone who has gotten wealthy in Bitcoin has done so by fully following a *strict* and *universal* set of rules.  A person who has invested in bitcoin has risked capital to do so.  Whether it’s the person investing $1 or someone investing $10 Mil, they must purchase bitcoin on the open market, they are equally exposed to the risk, they both have equal rights over their coins, neither has the exclusive authority to trade inside or outside of business hours, there are no borders that make one coin more valuable than another, and both are subject to losses if the scarce asset of bitcoin is valued below their investment price. 
Bitcoin is a protocol that treats ever user, miner, node, custodian, or service as *fundamentally equal.* That alone is enough to massively change the world for the better, as it undermines the source of an enormous subset of societal inefficiencies and injustices. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:16:46
Well yeah it’s just speculation.  It looks like we might be entering a short term bear market.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:43:01
Agreed, but we need to test the extent and affects of currently realizable off-chain solutions *first* and plan a blocksize altering hard fork with ample time to prepare for it.  If we had SegWit adoption much further along, Lightning would be much closer to realization, and we could begin to see how useful it is, and how realistic it’s disadvantages are.
It makes no sense judging it based on speculation though, and it’s our best hope for 50-100x in the mid-term.  And if we manage to mitigate high fees with the beginnings of or second layer solutions, it will prove resiliency and prepare for a much more seamless upgrade in the future.
I think any HF needs to be built in at least 6-7 versions deep before even thinking about full deployment. Like SegWit had 5 versions already enforcing it before going live, the HF needs to be ready and widely deployed at least a year prior to implementing it.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:37:19
Oh gotcha.  I was meaning because they will *have* to have something similar eventually.  Their measly 8MB or even 100MB will be pathetic in accommodating the kinds of capacity that will be necessary.  So whether they want it now or not is irrelevant. They will *have* to have something eventually or they will ultimately fail.
That being said, Ver has begun to capitalize on the fact that tons of people *do* want Lightning and sidechain solutions.  Their narrative has changed from “we hate Lightning and SegWit isn’t real bitcoin” to “we’re gonna have big blocks now *and* all the great Lightning sidechain solutions.” Yet I’ve not seen a single competent dev working to bring anything like that to their platform.  They spent too much capital convincing BCH supporters that the LN and sidechains were evil and would destroy bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:08:32
There are a huge number of market barriers from a regulatory and legitimacy standpoint.  Bitcoin doesn’t fix the mountain of government obstacles and risks of starting an exchange.  It merely routes around it within the network.  The on and off ramps are completely separate and out of our control.  It would be equally pointless to say “if you don’t like your government, go vote.”  
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:03:11
Better alternatives to what though? Cheap payments?  Those have existed since the beginning.  
Bitcoins dominant value case is in security and independence. Much like GPG or a cryptographic algorithm.  It’s security is measured almost entirely in the length of time it has survived attacks.  You can not prove that a crypto is secure it has to survive a million attempts at breaking it, and then you are *pretty* sure that it’s secure.  That is the value of Bitcoin. Cheap and fast payments *always* had better options than Bitcoin, since before Bitcoin even existed. 
As far as a better, more secure, and more decentralized alternative replacing Bitcoin... It cannot just pop up out of the blue unless it has an incredibly strong advantage.  Otherwise the better crypto is merely the oldest surviving one that has been beaten the worst.
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:47:44
I said nothing about Lightning Network, SegWit at full adoption will give a larger blocksize, roughly 2MB with some variation.  That is what I am talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:02:16
What possible advantage could there be for doing millions of microtransactions, all which require waiting for confirmation, that will *easily* fill up 100MB blocks, on-chain so they have to be stored forever on the blockchain that has to be copied to every node in the world.  
Whereas with lightning, no record has to be kept, fees are almost guaranteed to be lower, transactions are instant and trustless, it doesn't bloat the underlying blockchain at all (exactly the opposite in fact),  and it means Bitcoin can scale to orders of magnitude higher than anything Bcash can even hope to do on-chain.
*edit: When was the last time you kept a receipt for buying coffee?  I bet you have never kept one for any length of time.  So why do you want nearly a hundred thousand nodes around the world to keep your coffee receipts until the end of time?*
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:59:24




I disagree.  I think it is sound money and trustless arbitration/consensus.


So we just assume everything will be fine?  Why not go ahead and HF Bcash to 300MB blocks then?  What is the value in doing such a tiny increase to only have to do it again later if your claim (which I find absurd) that we will easily be able to handle such traffic on an average computer or connection is true.  What possible data supports the idea that an easily affordable computer and connection will be able handle a blockchain that accommodates 7.4 Billion people's daily transactions in "just a few years?"  


And how is this protected from government intervention or control?  What central bank wouldn't find a way to easily shut such a system down if it threatened their entire existence?  
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:35:28
Not available for iOS users :/
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:19:54
This is definitely my hope, but we should be quiet because we want him to keep his millions... so shhh.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:07:42
-_-   really?
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:27:11
This is where mixing comes in, looking into the [Straits Breeze wallet]( and [Samourai](  Both "soon" to come :/ 
Completely aside from individual privacy, it is very important to protect yourself from someone else's illegal activity.  Many users have gotten locked because someone else did something illegal that had absolutely nothing to do with them.  Fungibilty is a serious problem in Bitcoin.  This protection doesn't come without fees unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:50:19
This is terrible advice and would suggest the person got in for a very ignorant reason.  If they believe and understand the tech, this dip should be irrelevant.  If you have so little knowledge of what you are investing in that a price swing (that literally happens every week) sends you bailing mere days after you invested, then you simply had zero business investing in the first place.
If anyone is buying into this expecting to have profit 100% of the time they are in the wrong game.  This is the long term, open source, building of an entirely new financial ecosystem and crypto asset network.  We are literally building a new internet.  The next 7 days, the previous 7 days, and a few crazy price swings are meaningless.
@_date: 2015-12-22 12:28:39
Even though it has been a popular way of explaining it, the "guilty until proven innocent" is not an accurate description of this way of thinking.  It isn't as if you could do or say something that would make them realize you are *not* a terrorist and stop spying on everything you do at all times of the day.  
I think it fits better to refer to it as a "you are always a suspect because you are not us" policy.  And when you stop to consider how horribly law enforcement often treats suspects it becomes a pretty frightening reality.  A reality that, with the right push and the wrong people, could turn very ugly, very fast.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:17:35
This is essentially a choice to keep the core client as specific and separate from additional features as possible.  There is discussion that they may not want to add it at all.  Though I think it was casual discussion about what best practice should be but they realize how many people rely on it. 
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:33:19
I've seen multiple people say now that voting shouldn't affect spamming and to use the report link.  But I don't see that as the main issue of not seeing the votes.  It's much more of an anti-troll mechanism than a anti-spam.  On many occasions I've found out a user who persisted in making insane comments has a long history of just ridiculous anti-Bitcoin trolling.  Seeing down votes immediately gives an alert that this may be a troll.  And if it's something I *do* agree with, it encourages me to upvote in support.  
Anyone who thinks votes are unimportant is lying to themselves.  Half the reason Reddit is interesting is because you get a general idea of whatvpeople think is relevant, funny, or what they agree with.  Both to agree and feel all high-horse about your opinion, and to get pissed off at stupid or crazy stuff.  Votes help to sort shit out.  Many time I will only read the highest rated comments in a thread because sorting through 200 comments is a complete waste of time.  And it's easy to go down a string 20 comments and catch the most informative, hilarious, or insightful comments by watching when the votes go from 20, 17, 6, and suddenly 95.   
TL;DR votes are a big deal and serve a purpose outside of ordering comments.  This subreddit is annoying without them.
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:34:04
This is their level of competence in reporting *everything.* 
@_date: 2018-05-30 03:34:35
Your missing the major point. The only reason this level of funding is possible is because the monetary system can print debt out of thin air. This means a government can spend $4 Trillion even if it only takes in $2 Trillion.  This obscured the massive cost of these programs through inflation. With Bitcoin they have two options, directly doubling the taxation of every individual (ask how you would feel if your taxes doubled).  Or having central control of their own currency and be forced to compete with Bitcoin. If the monetary policy isn’t competitive with Bitcoins then not a soul will hodl it any longer than necessary, making its purchasing power terribly weak. 
Using sound money that cannot be manipulated by government will very quickly neuter much of the government’s ability to spend money it doesn’t have and obscurely siphon it from the value of the currency. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 18:16:00
You don’t seem to grasp how exactly the FED (which is a legally created institution in the sense that without government backing it would never survive) creates debt. New money is created by both the FED and in retail banking by “backing” it with the promise to pay it back.  In other words no money to exists to begin with, they *arent* taking a savings reserve and then loaning it out to other people. It doesn’t exist, someone signs an agreement that they will pay back some amount with interest, the bank creates the money, and then loans it out.  This is relatively the same at the lower levels and at the level of government loans.  This is only possible because of the monopoly right to alter the money supply.  Something that is mathematically impossible with Bitcoin.  It’s why we see massive inflation with every industry and product funded by debt, like schooling, medical, housing etc.  these things are literally purchased with 80-90% money that was printed into thin air.  Same with wars and enormous government programs (often done to “fix” the problem of high prices which was already the fault of horrible monetary policy). Without the ability to borrow money into existence, prices would naturally fall, as they historically always have under sound money conditions, and taxes have to be direct, and government/banks simply *run out of money* when they spend more than they take in.  Limiting them to either taxing more money, or more likely terribly pissing off the population by starting another war instead of funding their retirements and hen taxing then to pay for their own irresponsibility. 
Our entire system cannot remotely be propped up without the monopolistic power over the money supply.  It’s exactly how they tax people without most realizing.  Some even foolishly think they are profiting from it.  Like housing prices, if they double independently thanks to the bad monetary system, the owner mistakenly thinks they have more value, but when the economy reaches a point where it can’t pay the interest on all this arbitrarily created debt, they have to sell, and the entire market starts to sell of and the entire thing crashes.  Suddenly retirements are gone, companies vanish in a matter of weeks, and long term investments are deep in the hole.  The only thing government knows how to do then is institute price controls on interest rates to force them below the “oh shit I can never pay this” level in order to encourage more debt. Which moves us back into the bubble and keeps the false growth building on top of an ever increasing amount of debt and false money.  Something again, entirely impossible in a world where Bitcoin is widely used.  With interest rates near zero they now have practically no where to go. That’s why many countries are desperately trying to push rates negative (which is laughably pathetic and just shows how desperate and ignorant they are).  
Bitcoin makes the three foundational manipulations of our current economic system either impossible, or limited to external of the Bitcoin network itself.  Those three powers are issuing new coins, legally binding specific reserve or loaning policies, and instituting price controls on the interest rate to manipulate economic decisions.  Without those three tools the government has lost practically the funding basis for almost every major endeavor they engage in.  It’s a fundamental shift in how they are limited in their actions. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:32:27
Schnorr also fundamentally changes the cost of multiple-input_one-ouput transactions.  Currently, a transaction with 1000 inputs needs 1000 different signatures, one per input.  With schnorr, the entire thing can be compacted into a single signature in the final transaction.  So while a normal transaction is made smaller with Schnorr, the reduction is *far* more impactful on larger transactions.  
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:20:58
The signing of transactions is essentially the bashing of your private key with the transaction information. Your keys are literally the only thing that dictate whether or not you own Bitcoin. If you don’t have the private keys that unlock the coins on the blockchain, then they simply aren’t yours. 
I personally wouldn’t bother trying to find custom firmware in an attempt to make a regular USB replicate the job, as you are immediately trusting the software to do the job, which is a huge part of the problem in the first place. With hardware wallets the key is actually generated locally after you initiate the device. If you are serious about investing any consequential amounts, *get a real hardware wallet.* 
If you are just messing around with small amounts of money, just use a standard desktop wallet, or maybe even just a mobile wallet like samourai which is better in a lot of ways as it’s more versatile and has the built camera access.  I use Mycelium even though it’s fallen off in features and quality over the past year. There are better options now, Samourai would probably be my first comhiucw if I was an Android user.
If you want to play around with firmware and enjoy screwing with USBs to make your own hardware wallet, definitely encourage giving it a go and please do a write up after if you are successful XD
But if you are trying to hack your way to a secure USB just to save a few bucks, don’t do it. I have lost bitcoin in literally every way you can and I cannot stress enough that doing that would be a recipe for disaster.
@_date: 2018-05-17 10:33:37
Actually they are worlds apart.  It is never a bad thing to have an encrypted backup, but it is no different than having any other file encrypted on your computer.  And to spend it you must decrypt, expose the keys to the device, and use software installed on the computer to sign and send a transaction.  Many many different avenues of trust and possible failure.
A hardware wallet is designed at the physical level to accept no input from the computer.  Its almost entirely a "push" situation.  The hardware wallet itself signs the transactions and requires physical confirmation (pressing buttons) on the device.  Essentially you can plug it into a computer that you *know* has some terrible viruses on it, boot up your wallet, sign and send a transaction, and never have your keys exposed for the hardware to steal.   A basic USB backup (encrypted or no) is screwed in this situation. 
Hardware wallets are not perfect and there have been minor leaks but of the only 2 I've heard of, both were very difficult and required *physically* hacking into the RAM chip on the device to access on board memory.  But of the only significant one that surfaced, I never actually heard of it being exploited except to save a guy who forgot his PIN (scary story, lol, don't forget your PIN).  The vulnerability was quickly fixed with new firmware however.
TL;DR hardware wallets are an order of magnitude more secure than a standard encrypted USB and every key management function (hashing, signing, and manually confirming) for transacting is all done locally on the Trezor or other device. Ensuring not a single bit of key information ever leaves the device in order to protect from both compromised computers and malicious actors in possession of your device.
@_date: 2018-05-17 04:26:31
If it’s a substantial amount, get a hardware wallet. No questions asked just do it. I recommend Trezor and don’t buy off amazon or from reseller either. If *any* hardware wallet comes with pre-written down seed then *never* send coins to it and demand your money back. 
But after finally breaking down and getting both a Trezor and Nani S to try them out, I couldn’t be more pleased. And I know my attack surface is now tiny, and Trezor allows you to set wallets hidden behind passwords (but don’t ever forget it or lose it if you do) which creates another level of obscurity. With as weak as security is across almost all major operating systems and for the vast majority of software is, you are taking a serious risk by having significant balances of coins behind a key on your general purpose computer that you download software on and is always connected to the internet.  
DO NOT pay the price for that the way I did. Get a hardware wallet and you will thank me later.
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:17:07
demand and price adjustments are never as predictable or as stable as the supply of bitcoin is. It is pointless to make a simple comparison of a recent price move and the programmed supply of bitcoin.  Granted, I think the conclusion is correct: demand is down.  However, The two criteria that you suggest makes this claim accurate don't really tell us anything useful without more information.
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:50:20
Its just a work around but i didn't know about it and figured someone else might find it interesting as well.  Especially since you basically get a discount lol.  Using EGifter or Gyft.com you can buy giftcards like CVS or Burger King.  Take the card number and pin from the giftcard and you can redeem them on league of legends for Riot Points.  Its just one extra step and probably took me just a minute or 2 to complete.  Probably as long as it usually would to punch in all my personal information that i dont need to do for this :)
Just makes me happy and I thought i would share.  I put big yellow arrows for the super lazy ;)
@_date: 2014-12-17 05:01:51
The interesting thing here is that they mention "investors and creditors" and have also very recently passed (in most of Europe and America now) legislation changing the relationship between the bank and the customer.  If you have money in a bank account *you* are one of those creditors.  It is no longer your money in the bank, but money you have loaned to the bank.  Can't remember which law or act or whatever it was that made this change of categorization, but the article I read had pulled the most relevant pages of the bill.  If anyone else who has seen it has a link please post :)
@_date: 2014-12-18 13:52:38
Put it in the stack of the 100s of other decentralized internet ideas that aren't yet fully designed, developed, or actually online.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:56:11
We are *way* above the 200-period moving average, I think about 4x last I checked.  There are only a few short periods in Bitcoin history where it was that high.  In addition, momentum is slowing currently, making it pretty indicative that there will be a span before we have the confidence to rally again.  
Also, we have had a ton of euphoria running up into the futures markets opening.  I think that excitement is already priced in, and then the lack of pump when it officially begins will get weak hands scared that it’s over.  And any mildly confident FUD will send the ignorant into panic selling. Could see a hard dump or two with very fast recovery.
Like I said I don’t think it will last very long, because bitcoin isn’t going anywhere, and the real potential of bitcoin is only being brushed against.  There is an ocean of utility behind this that can’t even be realized until we have a multi-trillion dollar market.  
Hodl will still be the best strategy, and get some popcorn to watch the show.  I’ve had a serious popcorn eating problem for 6+ years now. XD
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:36:25
And what are these "tricks" that suddenly become legal if trading in cryptocurrencies?
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:50:32
The snark is probably not necessary, but I just read a number of comments on the more ridiculous of the anti-core side.  The level of nonsense that is sometimes entertained, combined with the simple truth I stated in the title, and lastly that BU does nothing to assist in any of these improvements and rather causes problems for all of them... I just needed to vent for a second.
@_date: 2017-02-22 19:20:21
@_date: 2017-02-19 05:08:30
But it will be announced on Twitter XD
@_date: 2017-02-26 18:00:43
Agreed.  The hard 32Mb limit seems smart
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:44:54
I think this is a false concept.  There are a lot of people that want to push the idea that Bitcoin is backed by the energy it uses.  This isn't true.  The use of resources does not make something valuable.  I can prove this very easily.  I could get a shovel and go into my backyard and start digging a hole.  I can spend thousands of hours digging the biggest hole my backyard can handle, and I haven't created anything of value.  In fact, it won't be long before the HOA is threatening to steal my money if I don't fill it back up immediately.  I have then spent exorbitant amounts of time, energy, and resources on something that has negative value.
Bitcoin is valuable because of the system is independent and fraud-proof.  Think about it this way, why is VISA valuable?  All they do is move digital numbers around.  If they just created billions of dollars and millions of transactions out of thin air, would VISA have any value?  Of course not, people would flip their shit and VISA would either fix the problem or go out of business in a matter of days.  Their entire business model is based on their ability to securely account for transactions, communicate with other institutions/persons, prove where and how the transaction originated, and ensure no parties are gaming the system... they employ over *11,000 employees* to pull off this feat, and we still have to simply *trust* that they are telling us the truth.  We don't *really know.*  And yet the company is valued at **$198 billion!**
Bitcoin does this job with no vetted employees, no background checks, no business address, no secret encrypted data banks, no hierarchy of company control and authority.  Bitcoin accomplishes this while letting literally *anyone* freely participate, even validate the transactions, accounting *without a single error* to the 8th decimal place every last transaction, without any central control or authority to make changes (the blocksize debate is proof of this), and you don't have to trust a sole.  You can verify yourself, with your own computer every last transaction, every last hash, every last signature on the Bitcoin network.  
Bitcoin is valuable because it is a fucking astounding innovation, not because it uses electricity.
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:26:08
Which is *exactly* why you don't want to make it costly!  Because if there is little individual benefit but it is critical to the system as a whole, then you better be offloading as absolutely little cost to node operators as you can possibly achieve!
@_date: 2017-02-26 19:04:03
Well there are always extension blocks.  So it's not as if there are no options without a hard fork.  I just don't see extreme risk in the proposal I described, even if it means there is a split.  With 95% on the "main Bitcoin" I don't see drastic consequences but maybe I'm oversimplifying.  
@_date: 2017-02-11 17:25:45
Because it is a store of value and is being seen that way to a greater degree by the mainstream.  Because it is more predictably scarce than gold is.  Because it is astoundingly easier to transport and protect from bad governments.  Because it is programmable, and therefore can take on an almost infinitely broader role than gold.  Because as inflation across the globe gets worse, as governments continue to crack down on cash usage, and as monetary policy becomes so damaging that the economy can't even grow, Bitcoin will be viewed as a alternative that routes around all of these problems, while simultaneously being a growing/evolving technology with regularly new use cases and a stronger, counterfeit proof scarcity than even precious metals...
I don't think 20% of the gold market, if Bitcoin continues to prove itself, is out of the question by any objective measure of the technology.
@_date: 2017-02-04 14:58:43
While I support Segwit, your 99.5% number is completely pulled out of your ass :/
I would estimate that most of the major wallets, services, and developers are for Segwit due to its technical merits, but it's likely a *small* majority at this point. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:24:48
For the same reason we don't want only businesses to have the capacity to be seeders on BitTorrent.  Because BitTorrent would be shutdown in no time.   
If small, easily dispersed, hard to find users were unable to run full nodes, then the fundamental Bitcoin architecture is *not* decentralized, and Bitcoin is completely worthless as a trustless system.  Validation and checks against cheating and the rules of the game are the only reason the system works.  If fewer people are validating, Bitcoin is weaker.
@_date: 2017-02-12 14:56:21
And you can look directly at the multisig address on the blockchain that is used to make your payment channel.  The analogy isn't perfect because it's an analogy, but it's pretty damn close.  
Your comment, however, isn't even partially correct, it's simple outright false.  
@_date: 2017-02-13 00:49:49
This is why I think 1Mb blocks are not our scaling problem and soft forking as far as possible is the best way forward.  There are just too many ways to scale in layers that can replicate, extend, or increase the security of Bitcoin *if* the underlying system remains highly decentralized.  
We have barely tapped the surface of layered scaling and *already* its obvious that this thing is going to be massive.  
We *are* going to get VISA volume and then some and I honestly believe more and more every day that it will be entirely regardless of the blocksize.  Decentralized, immutable, and resilient is all Bitcoin needs to be. 
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:37:03
SW actually introduces options for improving this down the road.  Currently though, there is only so much that can be done and it isn't a priority regarding the ongoing operation of the network.  More pressing matters come first.
@_date: 2017-02-06 05:39:11
I'm not assuming profit seeking miners, I'm assuming someone attacking the network maliciously.
@_date: 2017-02-04 01:45:02
In our hypothetical future scenario.. why would said peasant make a slow, base layer transaction while the many layers in development that will increase decentralization, give instant transactions, grant better privacy, and incredibly low fees provide a far better alternative?  
@_date: 2017-02-24 18:30:01


**This** is the state of economic thought today guys.  And people are *shocked* that we have currencies collapsing all across the world and we are in a *global* debt crisis?  
@_date: 2017-02-12 01:01:13
I don't know what level of geek this makes me... but I *do* feel like a girl who went on a date with a cute boy when I read about game changing Bitcoin ideas.  
@_date: 2017-02-20 04:38:24
Very true but only in rare cases, generally when sending to friends or another wallet, do I ever *manually* type an amount.  In almost every single case as far as purchases go, I'm given a specific QR invoice that automatically enters the amount upon scan.  It really isn't an issue.
@_date: 2017-02-25 00:48:15
Deflationary recessions have nothing to do with the currency becoming more valued because of higher productivity. That's an often repeated claim of governments who love the fact that they can print money to spend rather than directly taxing it.  "Giving us the greatest economic power in human history is good for you!"
Deflationary recessions are caused when you have a significant portion of money created as *credit* in an economy and then the credit bubble runs dry.  A credit bubble can only be sustained with constantly increased spending, when that reaches its limits, defaults start chaining through the economy.  It results in money *actually vanishing* from the economy.  
Deflation caused by a credit bust and liquidation of debt is bad, but it's the *credit bubble* that causes the problem, not the deflation.  The deflation is a consequence not a cause.  Hence it becomes associated with recessions/depressions.  Normal deflation due to increased growth and productivity isn't bad in the least, it is *literally* a measure of growth.  If this wasn't the case then the Bitcoin economy would have zero investment, zero infrastructure, and zero business startups.  Instead we see exactly the opposite.   
"Hoarding" is otherwise called savings, and it is nothing more than deferring consumption to leave resources available for growth.  An economy *cannot grow* sustainably without savings.  That's what US politicians refuse to learn and will make the people pay for it over and over.
@_date: 2017-02-03 21:27:58
I find it both funny and frightening that the entire team has to work under pseudonyms.  Yes, what they are doing is entirely legal.  Yes, what they are doing is both good for scaling and fungibility in Bitcoin.  Yes, it is being done *for* the millions of people who wish to keep their financial lives private and under their own control...
Unfortunately, it is also a yes that they are at a very high risk of being prosecuted.  Prosecuted for whatever nonsense can be thought up by the extensive myriad of government agencies and institutions that will hurt anyone they can in the desperate attempt to prevent the ordinary person from obtaining financial privacy or independence.  
Getting MimbleWimble thanks to development from the entire cast of the Harry Potter series... this makes me smile.
@_date: 2017-02-16 19:18:47
The first two lines are informative... 
Calling him an idiot is completely unnecessary and quite petty considering they are simply asking an honest question and have neither attacked, nor insulted anyone.
@_date: 2017-02-04 01:38:20
... money laundering?
I think you would have to be rather naive if you think this is just going to go by unnoticed or unanswered.  *Especially* if its because you think they have no concrete legal precedent for it.  The ocean of legal grey area has become a prosecution playground.  
In a few years, without a doubt in my mind, tumbling and mixing service/software developers will be attacked like the torrent sites of today.  They will be labeled "enablers" and "facilitators" and there will be laws warped or altered to figure out how to attack them.  The writing is on the wall and its written in massive letters with a shockingly bright color. 
@_date: 2017-02-08 01:25:28
I think some are "properly" defending their egos and are neither focused on, nor care about the technical consequences of "getting the political win and feeling like they  stuck it to the core devs."
@_date: 2017-02-13 18:55:42
For real though.  Where the hell is the substance?
@_date: 2017-02-04 22:13:24
If a miner creates a block larger than half the Excessive blocksize gates, then half accept the block, and the other half doesn't.
With the interviews I've listened to, the forums I've read, and the many places I've scoured for crumbs on how this thing works it has all suggested that full nodes set their own AD and blocksize gates.  It is even claimed as a way for nodes to limit excessive increases.  If this isn't true, and the size is left solely up to a majority of the miners, then BU is worse than I thought.
Electricity costs being a defense against an attack is worthless.
There are absolutely plenty of small miners.  As you pointed out only 75% are large pools.  That makes a quarter of them smaller setups and those *pools* are made up of many many other smaller operations.  You are excusing the fact that we would perpetually need fewer and larger miners (centralization) while ignoring the cost to the nodes (absolutely *critical* for decentralization)
Full nodes keep bitcoin secure and fraud proof.  Miners are fewer in number, far costlier to be relevant, and therefore far easier to manipulate.  The benefit of having nodes is that they are cheap, many, quick to be relevant, and all over the damn place.  If we introduce a poorly tested avenue for large miners to influence greater power and even worse, reduce the viability and usefulness of running nodes, we will cease to have a Bitcoin that is resistant to manipulation or control.  
@_date: 2017-02-05 02:13:26
Ok yeah, then I understood it correctly.  I thought you were saying I was told incorrectly that nodes had AD/EB and they didn't.  
@_date: 2017-02-08 01:22:42
And... ?
@_date: 2017-02-16 04:12:49
Escrow is a service offered by vendors on Openbazaar.  OB1, the official OpenBazaar team offer this on the marketplace if I'm not mistaken.  I have it but have not made a purchase so I don't know the exact process.
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:41:31
Not a fork that makes bitcoin vulnerable to new attack vectors, gives undue new power to miners, sets an environment that introduces higher risk of further forks, reverses the progress made for orphaned blocks which developers have spent years improving, and creates a precedent of splitting the chain, continues that risk going forward, and does nothing to remove the contentiousness or the fight surrounding the debate.... also its practically untested.
Talking about BU if you hadn't guessed.
@_date: 2017-02-23 20:26:11
Aside from the *huge* problem of the median blocksize attack: 
- There are serious vulnerabilities immediately opened whenever any part of the network hits their sticky gates.  I could just mine a 1Gb book for fun and all "open gated" nodes will immediately accept it.
- The AD parameter will cause problems with long orphaned chains.
- A stubborn portion of the network that sets extremely high AD can effectively force *additional* hard forks that never converge.
- Spamming cheap pruning nodes to signal for certain EB and MG can create the illusion of consensus and encourage a minority to mine larger blocks *thinking* they are the majority.  
- Worst of all, this new system does *nothing* to fix the contentiousness of this ridiculous debate and will do *nothing* to solve it moving forward.  Instead it will embed the argument into the protocol and this crap will never end.
I'm sure there are others but these are the ones I can think of off the top of my head.  BU is a *bad* system.
@_date: 2017-02-04 16:35:15
The combination of acceptance depth and nodes setting blocksize gates causes a huge orphaning problem every time there is any adjustment in blocksize.  If I set my gate with a large minority's (call it 30%) to say 5 blocks and someone mines a block bigger than my gate, then there are immediately two chains.  Then for the next 5 blocks the chains diverge and people receive confirmations that they don't realize aren't reliable.  Then if other nodes don't shift, or if miners agree on the opposite direction, those 5 blocks are dropped.  So suddenly a transaction with 5 confirmations is back in the mempool and we have a backlog for everything left on the smaller chain.  
Second, since miners broadcast their excessive blocksize and a split happens any time one is in dispute.  A miner with as little as 1% of the mining power can create a block based on the median excessive blocksize and force the network into this fork/orphan situation with ease.  Meaning an attacker can leave the entire network in a constant state of forking and confusion with barely any investment.  The only defense is for all nodes and miners to simply bend to the will of the majority so there is "consensus" to the largest miners.  Meaning the Acceptance Depth is a fake restriction on the blocksize, and powerful miners will have little o no problem kicking smaller nodes off the network by raising the blocksize.  The "power" given to smaller miners and nodes actually works *against* them not *for* them.  
Lastly, because these signaling and forking measures are built into the system. Let's say acceptance depth by 30% gets set to 2Mb for 100,000 blocks.  Then *another fork* happens as soon as there is a 2.1Mb block and now we have *two* BU chains
The BU system builds he blocksize debate into the core protocol and worsens the already bad consequences.  It will make the debate *more* contentious and solve absolutely nothing.  The state that we see these bitter, name calling, political debate over blocksize now, will recur *every* time someone tries to raise the blocksize.  It will be the new norm for bitcoin going forward.
It's a really bad system IMO
(Laos bitcoin magazine has a few articles by Aaron Wirdum that explain it rather well)
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:57:39
Average bandwidth, storage, and data caps do *not* grow at 50% per year.  The 17% number is not pulled out of nowhere, it was derived from real data.
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:16:56
I was really hoping I would find a comment from one of my old accounts in this thread but no such luck.  I didn't participate much back then :( 
Would have been fun to see me slip a "I don't think it's going anywhere" in there.  But the sentiment was so negative back then that I probably wasn't brave enough.  So I just stayed quite and stayed hodling.
@_date: 2017-02-07 21:17:37
Holy crap you think BU is a simpler scaling proposal!?  Please explain to me how it works because I would love to see how much you know.
@_date: 2017-02-26 19:10:48
Btw I do understand this but I also think polls aren't the most reliable when it comes to real world decisions.  Similar to how people poll politically but then act individually.  Some of that 10% may rethink if there is overwhelming support, maybe not.
95% consensus obviously means we will have two coins, but I wonder how serious the consequences are with nearly two years to see it coming.
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:02:15
As I understand it, the script needed to make it function is far easier to implement with the way SegWit handles new script.  
In addition, the malleability fix is a benefit with Sprite as with all of them.  I've started any deep digging into Sprite like I have TumbleBit and the Lightning Network however so my info isn't very specific.  Sprite and MAST are next on my list.  Then hopefully Lumino if we ever get real information about it.
@_date: 2017-02-12 16:36:38
Ok I get it better what you are saying.  That being said though, you would locally have the current state of your payment always on hand to verify.  In fact, without receiving it the valid state can't be updated.  So you absolutely have something to check locally in your wallet that is nearly equal security of your ownership.  The only reason you can't check it on the main chain is because you haven't broadcasted it and don't need to in order to know you have the claim to those coins.  That is specifically why you gain privacy from the LN channel. 
That being said, if there is ever a dispute, you can clearly see the attempt to cheat broadcasted by the other party with plenty of time to counter it with the current, valid state.  
@_date: 2017-02-22 14:51:10
True, the issue isn't so much that the debt cannot be paid off.  It's that the entire economy will slowly come to owe their entire lives to the issuer of the currency if money is continuously created as debt.  And everyone would owe the issuer, plus interest, without the issuer ever having done even an hour worth of labor or provided any productive value in trade whatsoever.
@_date: 2017-02-26 00:33:11
No, the cryptographic means of confirmation is no different.  The difference is *more* information is included in the hash with signatures (input and output amounts).  As I understand it they were separated before in the validation process.  But the system of verifying itself is the same, hash the information, make a block, distribute, all nodes confirm validity and update their blockchain.
@_date: 2017-02-25 18:56:34
No difference really.  All transactions and signatures are still confirmed by miners and nodes when put into a block to validate just as they always have been.  There is no change to *who* validates or *what* is validated, only a change in *how*.  Before SegWit transaction amounts were not hashed with signatures, now they are and therefore validation is more secure (hence no more malleability problem).  
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:21:07
So much excitement.  Can't stop smiling :)
@_date: 2017-02-13 19:07:21
Pre-announcement announcements are awesome!  Even better when we get like 5 in a row!  /s
@_date: 2017-02-15 05:16:10
If you verify your identity and then add a credit/debit card to Coinbase as a payment option then you can buy instantly.  I've been doing it for a while.  
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:28:44
That's like saying HTTP or SSH doesn't use TCP/IP.  LN *does* use the blockchain, that's exactly why it's secure, trustless, and referred to as a "layer."  It would make the blockchain infinitely more valuable because it would increase privacy, create instantly secure transactions, and grant the ability to onboard users in the hundreds of millions. 
@_date: 2017-02-13 19:02:36
The key is how to scale to 7 billion without risking the immense value of financial sovereignty by prioritizing fast and cheap *over* security and decentralization.  It will not help anyone to scale to 7 billion people if we do so at the cost of the decentralized security model.  
@_date: 2017-02-14 02:39:57
His post wasn't there when I made mine.  Reading it now though.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:44:30
So let's *not* use the immediately ready to activate code; that's been scrutinized and tested for over a year; that provides both of these benefits as well as broadening scripting abilities *and* increases blocksize... just because?  
That's like saying that instead of using the car we already have, let's start building a replacement that does some or all of the same things and then spend forever testing it.  Someday it will be just as good... *then* we can go to the store?
You *might* have an argument if it there was a tested and ready alternative to solve these problems.  Otherwise you are being foolishly stubborn without any logical or technical argument to back it up.  Just excuses for your bias.
@_date: 2017-02-04 03:37:27
I'm not sure if this is sarcastic or not, but some of the development with Ethereum is excellent in its own way.  It is simply more susceptible to attack or fault due to its broader application and scripting surface.  Bitcoin is, in many ways, secure specifically because it *doesn't* do a huge number of things, but rather does a few things very well.  
Despite some bugs and obvious setbacks, Ethereum is still a serious cryptocurrency with a real value proposition.  Even if you only focus on its faults, it has at least been bold enough to lead the way in taking significant risks and playing the trial and error game of an entirely new industry and technology.  Ethereum has allowed Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to learn from the inevitable mistakes that come with breaking new ground.
@_date: 2017-02-02 02:34:01
silk road must be having a sale or something.
@_date: 2016-03-23 21:14:38
Exactly this.  The price differences by geography can only reveal valuations of the reputation/reliability of the exchange, capitol controls or regulatory friction of the country its located, and the risks and speed of the fiat/banking side.  The price is only influenced by sellers who *actually* sell, meaning they *end up with fiat,* and not all *fiat* is equal... hence, different country, different price.
@_date: 2017-02-13 19:26:23


There is no way to make such a claim.  There is actually evidence that Lightning Network *could* theoretically pull this off.  Obviously we have no idea the reality because all we can do is imagine how the network might unfold, but from a purely technical aspect, there is no clear limitation that suggests it wouldn't be possible if channels remained opened for *very* long periods and the network was *very* highly interconnected.
Your lack of imagination is not evidence in this case, and your claim that "it's impossible" when a small pool of developers have literally had barely a few years to come up with solutions for a technology in its infancy, is extremely premature.  We have absolutely no idea all that can be verified or what kind of scaling can be achieved with 1Mb blocks.  There is, however, a lot of evidence and multiple upgrades currently being developed that suggest it is far, *far* greater than 3 TPS.
@_date: 2017-02-20 15:12:09
The statement is actually very true in my experience, and your analogy does not really apply.  The analogy would be applicable if the quote had been "Viruses incentivize better security practices."  A more accurate analogy would have possibly been "gold incentivizes better security in banks."  
The key is that having *real* value on your computer incentivizes people to take notice of their computer security.  While most people are super casual about their personal information and dick pics, Bitcoin is a digital asset that has no recourse if it is stolen after clicking that email link from the Prince of Nigeria.  The majority of people who have large amounts of bitcoin absolutely take computer security *far* more seriously than they did in the past.  
I can at least say with certainty that this is the case with myself.  Bitcoin is what made me realize how little I know about computers despite being a "techie" for most of my life.  It has renewed my interest in the topic, I've taken an online class on cryptography, I've finished a course and will be taking the test soon for the LFCSA, and so on.  I specifically created separate partitions and started using stupidly long and complex passwords.  I've entirely stopped using the same passwords for different websites and services.  
Bitcoin has absolutely been a huge incentive for me when it comes to better security practices.  
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:05:39
Yes, there may be two coins following the fork. But considering the nearly two year signaling and the obvious consequences if you are sitting on a chain that has 5% community support it could very well not go the way of Ethereum.  Now it may very well do that, but with so much time for the industry to make preparations, I wonder how serious the consequences would really be.
In addition, I think Ethereum might not be a perfect comparison for two main reasons:
1.  It was done in an "emergency must happen now" situation and it directly brought into question the decentralization of the coin.  The whole propose was to HF in order to *reverse a transaction* that the community *didn't agree with.*  
2. Bitcoin is far more broad and has far more industry.  The consequences of being on the small chain would literally be going from the largest network to one with practically zero use case immediately.  Ethereum already has very little market, so cutting their network doesn't have anywhere near the consequences.
Again, I might be wrong here.  And I honestly think we might be fine with "forever soft forking" when it comes to the scaling game.  But I'm not sure I see a lot of risk in having the network take two years to signal for it and see how it plays out.
@_date: 2017-02-23 19:52:13
Here's to hoping XD.  Thanks for the work on this, btw!  I've literally read/watched every piece of information I can get on the Lightning network in the last few months.  I am probably half of the YouTube views for some of your talks, lol.  Would you mind if I got a few questions together and sent them to you sometime this week?  There are still some elements I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around.  I feel I've got the payment channels solidly but still trying to grasp some of the specifics of securing transactions with multiple hops.  
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:59:31
You are being disengenuous if you think this wouldn't be plastered all over r/Btc if the reverse was happening with Segwit nodes.  A single person spinning up hundreds of nodes to make it *appear* as if the community supports something is political posturing and dishonest.  
Now, If it is public knowledge that these are the nodes from a single person, then discussing it here should be welcome rather than derided and vehemently argued against as you are doing. As the nodes were never meant to influence anyone's decision.  But obviously, that's not the case.
And lastly there is a very big difference between a node created to push and agenda, and one created to secure the network organically.  An agenda based node is an unreliable node.  Those hundreds of nodes will simply vanish one day, probably within a month of two, and the perceived "additional security" will prove to be fleeting and largely worthless. That's why they are referred to as "Fake."
@_date: 2016-01-18 18:21:42
Oh, shit bad editing.  Copy and paste fail i believe, sorry.
@_date: 2017-02-04 14:56:16
I would love to have Segwit, and it is unnerving to have so many people blindly support BU wiout even being able to explain how it works.  The number of people who ignorantly support something in complete disregard to the ridiculous attack vectors it opens up *should* be surprising to me.  It is extremely difficult to find technical or summary breakdowns on BU's signaling system, and of everything I have found, it's a *very* poorly thought out system with an enormous number of unintended consequences.
I don't care if you support a blocksize increase because scaling is definitely needed.  But the default support of such a bad system as BU only makes me wonder at how ignorant most of the supoorters are.
@_date: 2017-02-25 01:16:54
Gj Core?  Last I heard this is just as possible on Bitcoin as long as we have SegWit... so yeah, good job Core.  
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:25:02
Holy shit, by what possible justification can a bank/payment processor hold your money hostage over an opinion or controversial article?   That is next level crazy.
@_date: 2017-02-26 18:00:16
I'm entirely aware of this.  I've been making this argument for a long time.  Which is exactly why I support a soft fork as any short term solution.  I just don't see any significant risk to a planned hard fork with ample preparation time to a very conservative, predictable increase.
@_date: 2017-02-22 19:24:17
Don't forget that Schnorr becomes a soft fork after Segwit activation which is yet another 40% volume increase.  Giving an effective size closer to 2.5mb without increasing resource requirements.  And the 1.7mb is theoretical, and there have been cases that suggest even 2mb is possible with only Segwit, which is again compounded by Schnorr.
@_date: 2017-02-20 21:56:41
And the problem is that both sides think *they* are the sole proponents of decentralization.  
@_date: 2017-02-11 02:54:51
This is how I think Segwit will finally get activated.  It simply has too many benefits, and its activation involves barely any risk.  Over time, more wallets, nodes, services, exchanges, competing clients, and merchant processors will slowly get their software ready.  Its also even possible that Lightning Network and other innovations that *use* Segwit will actually come to fruition soon.  Slowly the "HF at all cost" crew look more and more foolish with a year or more development waiting in the wings that *needs* Segwit to work fully.  Most of the miners will overcome their political stubbornness when their greed for an obviously and incredibly beneficial upgrade to Bitcoin overtakes it.
I've said it before, *time* will prove segwit the best, fastest, and safest option.
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:47:18
This is such a biased article it's almost cringeworthy.  The pointing of such arbitrary pieces of evidence, followed by "but there's no evidence... but maybe this conspiracy over here" and then calling BU a "grassroots client" is seriously ridiculous.  Also a complete disregard to the fact that Core does want massive scaling, an extremely fast network, and decentralization, but instead suggesting the "looming threat of a slow expensive network."  
This whole thing is a lesson in political BS.  
@_date: 2017-02-24 18:52:47
Printing more money in order to keep up with greater value in the economy is like adjusting the official length of a centimeter so that smaller devices still measure out the same.
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:19:30
I would tend to agree.  I've not seen anything that suggests the other nodes are not actual supporters that are in it for the long haul.  Ive not looked very closely at it, but from a short distance it seems legit and I certainly think real support exists out there.  
Now, I may disagree with the BU system and think much of that community support is based on misunderstandings, but that's irrelevant on top of being my own subjective opinion.
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:20:34
Hacking doesn't happen in government run economies though right?  This all just goes away if we put the government in charge.  Normal, regulated companies NEVER get hacked.
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:24:49
It seems you are intensely worried about the personalities behind Bitcoin's development and I just want the network to grow and remain secured from attack and control.  I could give a shit how stubborn or lacking in PR the developers are if their code is solid and it doesn't threaten the network.
You say development is "centralized" and "controlled by banks."  Yet you haven't given one *technical* reason to suggest they have done anything to harm Bitcoin.  You have hyperbole and rhetoric.  Give me a single piece of code or a single update they are pushing that truly threatens the decentralization of the network and I'll believe you.  As long as you repeat that "the developers want this" or "the banks control this" I could care less.  I want to see something concrete that *actually* matters, not a bunch of finger pointing and speculation.
@_date: 2017-02-01 03:30:06
I agree, that comment always makes me cringe because it just sounds like people are trying to reassure themselves... However, I *do* actually buy more Bitcoin when there is a steep price crash.  I don't smile because a falling price is not fun to watch, but I deal with the pain of my life by buying Bitcoin... then Bitcoin goes down and makes me hurt again, and I fix it by buying bitcoin.  It is a vicious cycle.  I have a problem.
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:14:02
... Australia?
@_date: 2017-02-01 03:42:24
Wouldn't that be a reason not to "divest?"  The pizza didn't cost any extra, it cost you exactly $20.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:13:45
Good thing we can pick just a tiny few people who are immune to these problems to run such a central authority.  Insider trading NEVER happens in the "government regulated" economy right?
@_date: 2017-02-03 13:44:22
so much bitterness...
@_date: 2017-02-25 05:14:52


Your logic is one way, it would be the same in reverse.  Why sell something today for $90 if you can sell it tomorrow for $100?
Your claim is that deflation means people will never buy anything, if this is true, then *inflation* would mean people will never *sell* anything.  Both are completely ridiculous claims, that's why prices exist, they adjust to find the equilibrium where people *will* buy or sell.  The fact that prices went up or down is proof that neither of these situations occurred.  Even more importantly, *time* is an enormous and completely disregarded cost in the stated fallacy.  You buy a coffee today because it's worth a whole lot less tomorrow, even if your money increases by a dollar.


What happened in the great depression is the largest credit crunch in history, caused by the FED policy of forcing interest rates low and causing a massive boom (ever heard of the roaring 20s?).  Then all that had to be paid off.  Hence, the credit liquidation domino chain (debt levels went from 100% of production to over 500% in the decade of the 20s btw). The reason spending went way down was because people were destitute and had massive debts to pay off, it had nothing to do with all of them "hoarding to get rich." It was because government/FED policy made them "broke as shit."


The number one reason governments left the gold standard is because the gold standard is, *unequivocally, and absolutely* the greatest historical restriction on the growth of government and centralized power.  If the government cannot print money, then they have to raise taxes *every time they want to spend more.*  


Its actually mostly irrelevant.  Deflation (when due to productivity, investment, savings) does cause what economists call the "wealth effect" and results in a large wave of spending.  Money is not an end game, the *stuff* you can get with money is.  It is completely useless without spending it.  And again *we have proof of this with Bitcoin,* there has been published data from many of the major retailers that show over and over that there are significant spending spikes *when the price goes up quickly.*  Why? Because people see they can now afford something they have wanted and don't want to lose the opportunity by delaying the purchase.  And the exact opposite is also demonstrated.  When the price falls, *purchases fall as well,* because people save more when they feel the pressures of having little capital on hand.
**Translation:**  Excessively fast price deflation is neither really "good" nor "bad" only "necessary."  Again, **it is a consequence** not a cause.  It means we have more investment or efficiency or productivity (or maybe all three) and prices have to adjust.  Inflation also, isn't necessarily "bad", it is just a consequence.  If it is a result of natural market forces, then it means there has been a change of environment/productivity or possibly a emigration into a more efficient/productive economy.  Likely there is a problem that needs fixing.  But the price adjusts *so that* the economy can continue to operate smoothly under changing conditions.  However, inflation caused *on purpose* so that a single institution can *counterfeit money* helps absolutely no one but that institution.  It is stealing the purchasing power of hundreds of thousands of man hours worth of labor from the economy without producing *anything* at all in voluntary trade... that is the very definition of corruption.
@_date: 2017-02-08 01:22:14
No it isn't.  The proper compromise is to build decentralized, layered solutions on top of the core protocol.  Layers that will give us instant transactions, additional decentralization, more secure and broader scripting, and practically infinite levels of transaction throughout.  Pushing the costs onto nodes by a "simple blocksize increase" has the *worst* consequences to decentralization, does *nothing* for privacy, does *nothing* to fix current problems, does *nothing* to enable better scripting or more secure channels, does *nothing* to assist in  instant transactions, and *completely ignores the fact that it doesn't scale worth a shit... all at the risk of splitting the network! 
There is literally no future in which Bitcoin is decentralized if we put all our effort, risks, and labor into hard forking to squeeze another 3 transactions per second into the core protocol because we can't find even a morsel of patience for the sake of decentralization.
 
You do realize, with current in development proposals and optimizations, we can achieve nearly 5mb blocks worth of transaction volume *without* a hardfork at all on the core layer?  And with maybe *half* the necessary bandwidth!  In addition, these same optimizations pave the way for VISA levels of volume while *adding* a fully encrypted, onion routing layer for payments that will massively increase privacy!?  Explain what about this is **un**desirable?  What is so damn important, right this second, that you so casually risk the absolute, most fundamental characteristic of Bitcoin to get a *handful* of new users?
@_date: 2017-02-10 01:55:49
Appeal to authority.
That being said, his argument is sound and I completely agree.  The argument should be the focus though not **NICK SZABO**. ;)
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:02:18
I'm trying to be a part of something that has the power to change the world.  If that costs me temporary profit I am absolutely willing to give that up and hodl for as long needed to maintain a decentralized monetary system that has the power to challenge the very concept of central banking.  Making money and low fees in the short term are historically unimportant and should *not* be priorities.
@_date: 2017-02-03 22:27:03
A set, predictable and conservative blocksize increase would be helpful and relieve pressure.  And in my opinion, one is definitely needed.  
The incentives and signaling system of BU on the other hand, is very poorly thought out, will easily result in 2 chains, could likely cause continuous forking later on, will do nothing to quell or fix the blocksize debate (probably make it worse actually seeing as it becomes built in), gives unnecessary power to the miners while completely removing any realistic defense from the nodes, will result in far more orphaned blocks upwards of 3, 4, even 5 confirmations being dropped during a change (if it doesn't cause another hard fork), and opens an incredibly elementary attack vector based on the median signaling size among others...
I can only think your support for BU, as the default alternative to fixing the blocksize, is based on the fact that you don't understand how it works.
@_date: 2017-02-18 13:24:46
Bitcoin became very desirable and more widely used.   There are constraints on Bitcoin and network resources that help ensure it remains an easily replicable blockchain and therefore secure from censorship/control.  Those same constraints can only allow so many transactions and it has been a rather long while since fees were low enough for micro payments to make any sense.  They will return as higher layer payment channels and other innovations are implemented.  In fact there are multiple solutions in the pipeline that make them more viable than they really ever were before.  And in addition, after a handful of soft-fork volume increases, its highly likely there will be a long scheduled and conservative hard fork to get a larger blocksize (and hopefully something like a %17 yearly increase into the future, that's my preferred proposal at least)
@_date: 2017-02-07 21:18:46
Segwit doesn't touch the miners' incentive structure.  You just keep proving that you don't understand it at all.
@_date: 2017-02-06 17:40:00
While this might be part of the latent demand, I truly think it's a small minority.  
Illiteracy and ease of access is a much larger barrier to latent demand right now than "does the government say it's safe."  I think you are also discounting the fact that there are people who want government approval, *not* because they trust its assessment, but because they fear what might happen if they invest and the government then says they *dont* like bitcoin.  
I think the SEC filing will release much of the demand held back by regulatory uncertainty.  Regulatory uncertainty does not mean people *trust* the government's endorsement of something, but more that they *fear* the risks of the government's opposition to it.
A lot of people have been using the same financial avenues and institutions for a very long time.  Moving large amounts of money into entirely new types of assets and markets comes with serious risks.  With an ETF, many people who have an interest in Bitcoin will have access in a way that currently isn't possible, through the avenues they have always used and trusted.  
TL;DR I think It will absolutely release demand in the same way that someone may want to invest in silver but has no desire to buy a safe to hold 1,000 physical silver coins.    ETFs open access to new markets, period.  
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:25:59
Rather than broadcasting every last transaction on the main chain, use the main chain as a way to provably open and close channels or bootstrap another network on top of core transactions.  This allows hundreds, thousands, or even millions of transactions to occur that are all verified and proven with just a handful of transactions on the main chain.
@_date: 2017-02-06 06:00:09
If BU was just increasing the blocksize, many of these problems wouldn't exist.  That's not what BU does.  I would very much support a more predictable and stable increase going into the future.  I personally like the 17.7% annual increase but that's not my decision.  The problems with BU aren't about bigger blocks, they are about how signaling, restricting, and switching to different block sizes is accomplished.  It creates an entirely new, untested set of parameters that are meant to allow the chain to hard fork under "more optimal conditions" into the future in an effort to solve the debate.  
My first impressions of BU were to think it was an elegant solution.  A mechanism to continuously increase the blocksize when needed, that allows nodes to restrict change when it effects their ability to operate, and ends this ridiculous debate... sounds like exactly what we need.  Don't misunderstand, if the BU system *did* those things I might still support it.  But I don't believe the mechanism that they *think* can accomplish this list will actually do so.  And I think it comes with multiple very undesirable consequences. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 14:47:14


If you think that this is what the Lightning Network does then you have completely misunderstood how it works.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:21:44
Agree, but I wouldn't call it self-regulation.  It's a wholly inaccurate term created by people who think of the market as one entity and the government as another.  With the bizarre categorization comes the ridiculous ideas that government is not susceptible to market moves because it is a different thing, government is not susceptible to human error or corruption because it's "by the people," the market is "regulating itself," the market is somehow a single group with single ideas that works to make profit for itself by letting itself do whatever the hell it wants.  There are a number of others that go along with this but they are all equally ignorant.  
In a nutshell, don't use incorrect language because it has become common.  It is still blatantly inaccurate and misrepresenting what is actually happening.  If you knew nothing and heard the term "self-regulating" how would it sound to you?  If an insurance company will not pay my insurance because I failed to wear a seatbelt this does not describe me making up whatever rules I want and regulating myself.   Even though this is what the term both implies and is used to describe.
@_date: 2017-02-10 19:43:42
Did you click the link?  The numbers literally are labeled "Users, "Wallets," "Merchants," and "Developer Apps."  
The number may be slightly inaccurate for one reason or another, but there a separate stat for wallets *directly* under the user number.  
@_date: 2017-02-25 19:09:58
Not exactly.  Transactions have slowly gotten larger as time goes on.  There are more inputs and outputs, more signatures, more scripting, and so on.  All these things make the witness data rather large, by moving the witness data to a different data structure means what is stored inside the limits of the "official blocksize" is far less data.  The rest is stored under a "block weight" that allows 3mb for witness data.  In the end, if nearly all transaction begin to make use of SegWit, it will likely result in fitting close to twice the number of transactions in the block with the new "block weight" around 2mb.  That block weight is *really* just a "new" blocksize though.
**Side note:** Another cool feature on the roadmap is updating to Schnorr signatures.  Schnorr will make the witness data even more compact, allowing many signatures to be aggregated into one but still fully provable.  It will give a further reduction in the data resource requirements and will allow for another near doubling of transaction volume (around 80%).
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:17:49
Well no shit! But the assumption of **your** argument is that if we have just ONE of these companies, let's say bit stamp for example (since they have been one of the largest in the industry) impose *their* rules onto all the other exchanges that this would all somehow make everything work *better.*  government doesn't some pass on being *better than regular humans.*. The free market argument makes zero implication that there are angels everywhere.  In fact the argument is the *exact opposite.*  There most definitely *are not* Angels that can decide everything perfectly and without error and therefore putting anyone in a position of violently enforced power based on some poll, or popularity contest is painfully stupid.  It simply centralizes and increases the overall reach and impact of human error.  If everyone is fallible, there are scammer and trolls, and people who wish to act violently against others, then the last thing we could possibly want is violent, monopolistic market control of rules of behavior.  We want them to be decided on and agreed upon by people trying what works and what doesn't.  Government does a million things that haven't worked for decades or even centuries but because there is zero incentive to change they keep repeating the exact same failed ideas *without allowing any alternatives whatsoever.*  You suggest that we can get a tiny group of people to come up with a SINGLE solution for 300 million diverse people and that everything will work out great!  
It still just blows my mind that people think there are *no rules* In the market.  If you mean that (in our economy) huge institutions get away with stealing trillions of dollars, fucking the entire population out of their life savings, and getting away with billions in embezzlement, crime, and outright market manipulation for their own profit... Then I *couldn't agree more.*. However, If you think that those exceptions *aren't* caused by government (who you have pointed out have the *monopoly authority to regulate them*) then again, you are blind.  
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:33:43
Free market does not mean "free from regulation."  It means free from violently imposed monopolistic regulation.  Your mental laziness is almost insurmountable if you think people cannot organize themselves freely.  Common law is a very simple concept and it has worked without government imposed monopolies.   It's about discovering the technologies and systems that *we choose* to be a part of in order to minimize our risk, secure our property, and peacefully associate with each other.  Where that *doesn't occur,* or where the solution is inadequate, people **are free** to leave the network or system and try something different.  Exchanges where you keep your Bitcoin stored are a good example.  Eventually there will be a solution to having a fast, responsive, and live trading market without one giant point of failure.  When that happens it is likely that network will grow quickly (or slowly until another big hack happens at a centralized exchange).  
A free market means you try to protect yourself without shooting or hurting other people.  If your method doesn't work, then you search for another, but you simply can't force, shoot, inflict violence, or coerce someone else to get what you want.  Keep in mind, every regulatory responsibility the government has over education, the medical field, security, insurance, or anything else was **first an invention of someone trying to solve a problem before the government took it over, monopolized the industry, and outlawed competition.** Also remember that historically, with the most insignificantly tiny number of exceptions, this process is done almost *exclusively* to benefit one private business *over another.*. Go back a hundred years when Medical licensing was monopolized and then check out what the *competitors* of the American Medical Association were up to.  The AMA complained that if prices kept *falling* it would be impossible to provide medicine.  And thus the monopoly licensing is granted to the biggest market dominator of its day (go figure).  A century later, same company, same controls, and endlessly rising prices without hope of competition or alternatives.  
TL;DR Monopoly regulation has **always** been enforced in order to give one company an advantage over another where it couldn't be obtained (or was too difficult to obtain) in a peaceful manner.  Therefore they used the moral exception of government to steal, control, and destroy their competition (for the greater good of course).  Forever entrenching their market power, by eliminating the market altogether.  You are either an idiot, or painfully brainwashed, if you can somehow miss that the vast majority of regulation in the economy is voluntarily agreed upon and imposed.  If you think monopolistic regulation is the only thing that exists, then you are simply blind.  
I'll give you the easiest task ever.  Find me 5 examples of voluntarily imposed regulation...  I could find 5 in the room I'm sitting in.  How long will it take you?
@_date: 2017-02-23 17:44:32
Thanks for posting this u/Belfrey!  Too many people completely miss that the Lightning Network could do more to fix the problem of third parties needing control of users' private keys than any other proposal today.  It is absolutely in need of some more exposure! 
@_date: 2017-02-06 17:25:42
Yes. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 15:04:44
1. You are assuming the topology of a network that doesn't exist yet.
2. You are forgetting that Bitcoin held in a LN channel with Coinbase is *drastically* more secure than having Coinbase hold your funds for you, as is currently the case.
3. You are forgetting that 2mb, 3mb, or even 4mb will *not* eliminate the need for Coinbase to hold your funds, but LN actually *could* make it entirely unnecessary.
4. You are forgetting that there I virtually no cost to being a node and anyone can spin one up, in addition they never have custodial control of anyone's funds, regulating basic nodes as financial institutions would be harder than prosecuting all BitTorrent users.
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:02:32
Interesting, I'll look into this, that would be great!
@_date: 2017-02-25 18:51:29
It also gives more freedom to change, upgrade, and make more versatile the scripting and signature variations.  By moving them into a separate data structure, they are also not limited to the very narrow scripting of older Bitcoin nodes.
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:47:28
Deprecated?  You mean it isn't up to date or that it isn't considered safe?  It has been a very long time since I downloaded it.  I also wasn't aware the client was able to get comparable speeds.
@_date: 2017-02-16 04:21:34
For real though.  I'll feel really down when I see the price drop, but damn if I wont be buying like crazy.
@_date: 2017-02-08 14:42:05
Actually the analogy works perfect in regards to energy consumption.  The sentiment I was challenging was that it is "backed by the energy it consumes." Yes mining does secure the network, and yes it does *cost* energy, but there is no relationship between energy consumed and the value of bitcoin.  Mining hardware is getting more and more efficient every day, and some people don't even have to pay for the energy they are using to mine.  Therefore it's more accurate to say it's *secured* by computing power, rather than backed by energy consumption.
With that being said, I do understand your point. And unfortunately some people are able to grasp a part of its value based on that concept, even though it's inaccurate.
@_date: 2016-01-16 00:05:47
That's brilliant.  But we should spell it "Hearnia" me thinks.
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:36:27
First, you can download the blockchain separately from a torrent file to get faster speeds.  However, your client will still have to verify each block, which will still take some time, just not nearly as long.  A lot of the process has to do with your processor and computer power, so it isn't solely the blocksize here causing the delay.  
That being said, there are plenty of reason why 8mb blocks could cause problems for people running nodes.
@_date: 2017-02-13 00:54:59
3-4 TPS is about right, there was a time we could get 6-7 TPS but the mix of transaction today has slowly brought it down.  If I'm correct, it's partly to do with the sizes of signatures and number of inputs on the average transaction being higher today.  
@_date: 2017-02-04 03:51:49
No it doesn't at all.  With free transaction on the main chain, lightning network and other layered solutions grant instant transactions, can end the custodial control of funds that result in MtGox, Bitcurex, and Bitfinex scenarios, and it again can add significantly to privacy concerns.  Fees or no fees, those are incredible features that people pay a fortune for... but we get it as free, open source software!  
The scenario I described isn't a "if this or that" situation, it is completely inevitable. Considering the main chain would have to have roughly 200 MB blocks to do *only* one transaction a week for US users.  We are talking about a technology that will make credit cards look like the Stone Age,  there will be thousands in just a few minutes for every user, and many won't have a clue it's happening.  Amazon servers can barely handle the transaction load of online shoppers during the holiday season, and if every node needs an Amazon server to secure the blockchain. Then our decentralized, trustless payment network becomes a ~~decentralized, trustless~~ payment network. 
There is **no** decentralized future where the scaling I described *isnt* how Bitcoin grows.  It either grows in layers, or it *isn't decentralized.*
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:47:22
Basically people start upgrading their clients.  Unsure of the timeline for it.  But there is definitely a very high amount of support for it.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:41:59
Core proposal is harder to simplify and I didn't want the infographic to be a summary of the proposals.  I only explained classic because it was very simple and it appeared to have majority support for a short time, which I found worthy of its own mention.  Might be a little leaning, but Classic is the current "talk of the town" if you will.  
@_date: 2017-02-08 01:52:59
I think you are doing so in support of a proposal you do not understand and with an unrealistic view of how Bitcoin will scale to actually become a fast, low cost payment system.  I think you do so while pushing for the very kind of scaling that will do more to harm Bitcoin's trustless nature and decentralized architecture.
@_date: 2016-01-24 17:25:53
I hope the double "shouldn't worry" was a very clever way of suggesting how easy it is to make a mistake.
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:38:14
I am intending to do one on the whole core roadmap.  Its not exactly that easy to sum up in a few sentences in this infograph.
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:49:26
I mention Classic because it has recently been the most controversial. I guess "flavor of the month" works too.  So yeah.
I don't understand how my breakdown of events based on this subreddit, to help explain it to others on the subreddit, posted to the subreddit is surprising that it focuses on the perception as it appears... from Reddit.  You seem to imply that I have a vast store of knowledge I've cherry picked from to whore for karma... Maybe I'm just summarizing the information I've come across?
I do not believe Mike Hearn, who has been long involved with Bitcoin, is conspiring with a bunch of banks to destroy it. To make a claim or speculate in that regard with no evidence only makes the debate cheap and unproductive.  Disclosure: I have not supported XT since discovering the Tor address blacklisting despite finding value in the block size increase it adopted.
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:38:52
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:03:54
Possibly, but that's not a foregone conclusion, and scaling at the core layer is extremely inefficient.  As time goes on and there are an expanse of layered solutions, sidechains, soft forks, and so on to handle the broad range of different uses and types of transactions, if the main layer is kept fixed, then it will forever become simpler/cheaper to run a node.  That means our currently decentralized network will become more and more decentralized and vastly more secure into the future *even if* current technological trends do not hold indefinitely.
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:45:04
@_date: 2017-02-26 16:53:53
That's always true because we are on the internet, but its important to recognize the degree of it. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:05:05
If it was enough to fuss about I might look into it further and see if you can find contact information, but i wouldn't hold out much hope.  Sorry for the loss, I know how it feels. :(
@_date: 2016-01-24 17:07:40
No, it's a terrible idea.  Changing PoW on Bitcoin would be absolutely disastrous and would undermine every bit of Bitcoin's security. Especially if its over something as simple and mundane as a blocksize increase to 2MB.  
A PoW change is so out-of-your-mind drastic in comparison to a blocksize increase that it would obviously be a result of the petulance of whoever was not getting their way, rather than any attempt to "save" or "help" Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-04 01:39:28
Monero! Dash! Waiting to get banned...
@_date: 2017-02-26 19:00:24
Yeah, obviously meant Byte not bit.
@_date: 2016-01-06 04:56:41
What makes you consider "10 seconds or less" not a 0-conf transaction?  If a transaction could be distributed that fast to mitigate the risk of double spending, how would this not be an example of successful 0-conf transacting?  Is that not what he is saying?
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:51:48
Lol so Bitcoin has seen less use and blocks are decreasing in size?  I appreciate your unbiased and reasonable assessment of my work /s
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:06:42
And if EB is set differently by multiple groups across the network? A small attacker can mine a block of median EB and throw the entire network into confusion, orphan as many blocks as the common AD setting, and remove the limits for roughly half of the network entirely, allowing them to hit the network even harder as half of the nodes/miners can no longer enforce any restrictions for 144 blocks.  They can turn around and mine a much larger median EB for the half of the network still participating in the BU signaling "experiment."
The BU signaling mechanism is incredibly weak.  So much so that attacks are almost elementary to come up with and can cause serious frustration, delays, and constant problems with even a embarrassingly small amount of hash power.  The fact that these attacks remain *completely* unaddressed and unanswered by BU devs and only are met with a defense by largely ignorant reddit comments or the vague nonsense answer of "emergent consensus" is a testament to why the system has no business being supported.
I'm all for a serious and secure blocksize increase proposal, but BU is *not* one of those.
@_date: 2017-03-09 16:06:36
That doesn't make it safe in this instance.  I'm all for a USAF if there is a safe way to mitigate the risk of a HF, but it currently sounds like very shaken ground.
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:56:50


Yes, yes it is.  If you think running a local SQL database has absolutely *any* reasonable application to capacity concerns for the global, distributed Bitcoin network then you are incredibly misinformed.
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:16:22
There are plenty of people here who do not "worship core" but think they have and continue to do a good job because of the continued progress and amount of work they have put into optimizing Bitcoin.  In addition, many people see Segwit as a seriously needed upgrade to further optimize, increase security, increase ease of use (extremely important for adoption), and set the stage for huge degrees of scaling while doing everything possible to not threaten decentralization.
When a clearly ignorant part of the community vehemently calls them evil Bitcoin destroyers who are bank shills trying to force proprietary Lightning networks down everyone's throat, people rightfully come to their defense.   The degree of the defense typically reflects the degree of the condemnation.  If you want mild supporters to be obnoxiously devoted to someone, attack them outright with as many lies and as much nonsense as possible and the supporters will dig in their heels.
 If I felt, after I understood in thorough detail both Core's arguments and the code they were pushing, that they were making a decision to implement controls, reduce privacy, create new vulnerabilities, or sell out to "the banks" in *any* way, then I would spend all of 2 seconds making up my mind to abandon any latent trust I was holding onto.
This is the exact reason, in fact, I was initially very hopeful about Bitcoin Unlimited and have sense come to see it as an untested and very poorly optimized system with far more negatives than positives.
@_date: 2017-03-05 00:19:36
I agree.  It is possible they are congesting the network on purpose, but it makes no logical sense that they would be doing it to "make more in fees."  
@_date: 2016-01-30 01:00:52
Ignorance is not an excuse.  They should train people when they implement something new.  Its been over a year and a half, and the service department has no idea what it is.
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:08:29
What was US centric about my post?  I was asking about the difference between Bitcoin as online cash for every purchase versus a settlement and contract foundation with layers on top that then serve the micro payments/cash function.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:53:45
So this doesn't apply to transactions in general, its simply something that can be used if both parties agree and add the functionality?  
@_date: 2017-02-03 14:44:31
I know this has been said before and I do understand the sentiment, but storage costs aren't the issue.  It is bandwidth, latency, and data caps.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:26:40
The discount is to change the blocksize to a new blockweight and is currently a 75% discount through the proposed SF.  SegWit and non-SegWit transactions both need to remain compatible on the network.  Otherwise there could be very bad consequences of changing the scripting location if there are any active HTLC transactions on the network.  It would allow the witness data (signatures and scripting) to reach a max size of 4MB while core transactions are limited to 2MB blocks.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 00:58:11
Actually this exact thing has happened to me with a properly paid invoice.  I did it when buying a Christmas present and received the paid invoice from Bitpay in my email.  Next day i get a "payment problem order cancellation" email.  I contact Bitpay, they paid dollars and Newegg has the money.  I contact Newegg and they clearly have no idea how to fix this.  A month and a half later and I've had the refund initiated like 3 times and cancelled because they don't know how to confirm that they got the money and keep denying it.  I have ongoing emails with 3 different service representatives.  No joke, I had a very long correspondence with one of them that kept asking me for my "Wallet number."  No idea what Bitcoin was.  I just sent her a copy of the invoice and never heard back from her.
So honestly I'm glad you posted this, because they literally have no idea what they are doing with it and I'm afraid you are in for the long haul when it comes to a refund.  Still have not received mine.
@_date: 2017-03-03 00:33:06


This is *so* important to understand. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 01:03:01
“All the FUD is false,” he told Bitcoin Magazine. “SegWit as a soft fork is about as safe as the CSV soft fork was — and you don’t hear anyone complain about that.”
After SegWit was implemented into GRS.  Albeit a super small altcoin.
Edit: Also to note, they have very little usage of SegWit transactions since it went live, outside of just specific testing things, few of the wallets are updated to actually make SegWit style tx.  Not much motivation considering many of its use cases aren't important yet for such a small coin.  The Soft Fork itself though went through without any problem.
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:09:31
Why would a fee market drive the price down now but not at some later date?  
@_date: 2016-01-06 15:33:36
I would love to see a system to achieve instantaneous confirmations.  Or one that made 0-conf very difficult to undo.  We shouldn't have incentives setup for people to make transactions and then be able to alter or reverse them.  RBF is headin in the opposite direction.  FSS makes far more sense for the issue supposedly being addressed.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:54:58
I mean what would make XT an altcoin but BIP101 not if it was implemented by the core devs?
@_date: 2016-01-26 13:52:46
I can agree with both sentiments lol.  It does get a bit out of control with some of it.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:52:47
I love that you think that.  I love that you think you can hate, deride, accuse, spit at, and insult a group of people for thing they never did and never supported, refuse to trust them because of someone else's actions, ignore their discussions of technical merits and scream "I just don't like you in general," repeat with glee about how you want to "fire the corrupt liars who cheated you," and then **still** think they are going to come back and fix BU when it fucks io royally.  
When a small miner with 2% of the mining power spends a day to mine a block *just* above the median size, has the larger half of the network accept it, while the conservative half orphans 4 blocks (if we're lucky) then hits their sticky gates, has block restrictions open for 24 hours, then that 2% miner mines another block of the highest signaled size that reaches +55% of the network when added with the "open gate" half, and then watch the entire network try to eat a 8MB block full of *only* witness data that takes 6 hours to validate because the quadratic sighash problem was never fixed.  And we get to enjoy a network where no one can do anything as the amateur BU Devs try to figure out how to fork backwards a whole day and hope the miner doesn't try again....
You will *beg* the Core Devs to come back and fix the shit BU code.  
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:38:53
[ITS THE STEAK KNIVES!!](
@_date: 2017-03-30 03:01:54
Actually, the video is mostly accurate despite being focused mostly on the negatives.  They are at least mostly *true* negatives.  He just has absolutely no vision for the technology itself and fails to imagine its potential.  Its like complaining how slow and frustrating the internet was in the early 90s.  All he can see is what exists, and completely misses the ocean of possibilities sitting behind his little stack of complaints.   
@_date: 2017-03-26 03:21:14
This is gentlemen.
@_date: 2016-03-27 17:51:30
Yeah it appears that way.  I'm fighting with whether or not i should even keep it.  It seems like just an additional point of failure in my bitcoin security now that is unnecessary.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:49:24
FTFY:  the idea that this is surprising to the majority of people is the NUMBER ONE reason I consider ~~suicide~~ *a just and uncorrupt government to be a utopian pipe dream.*
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:27:29
I am making this my background.
@_date: 2016-01-30 18:54:24
They do, some (too many) simply choose to see the boom of the 20s as some natural process of the market while pointedly avoiding any attempt at researching the effect the newly created Federal Reserve system might have had.  Then they choose to see the disastrous government programs and the decade long depression that was created as the eventual solution to what was a problem of "too much free trade."
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:14:00
What possible value would I get from describing fees in Zimbabwe dollars?  Money is a means of communication, that would be as worthless as writing my post in Latin.  I use USD because everyone here will have some idea as to the general value of 50 cent.  
As far as your second comment of dumping dollars:  A lot of the world is actually *not* dumping dollars despite bad monetary policy.  Which is why the dollar is actually experiencing minor deflation right now.  That combined with artificial buying support from government and the Fed, as well as the continued slow down in new credit and loans that typically fuels the dollar's inflation.  


Since you have spoken to me like I'm sone US Dollar fanboy or something I'll remind you that we are on the r/Bitcoin subreddit.   
@_date: 2016-01-24 16:59:26


This is how i know i should stop reading.  Even from the most ridiculous arguments on both sides, I've never heard anyone say 2MB was going to fix everything.  All it has ever been considered is a temporary transaction stress reliever while Segwit is *thoroughly* tested and to help get us closer to lightning network implementation.
If you are going to say something stupid, derisive, and made-up, I would suggest waiting until the end of your comment.
@_date: 2017-02-23 20:55:54


In payment channels that may be routable to a significant majority of all retailers, services, wallets, and other users on he network?


You mean you are forced to wait for a normal transaction... exactly like we do today?


If LN is widely used, it will drive fees *down* not up.


This is completely ridiculous and a *massive* assumption without much at all to support it.  Anyone can become a node and it would be incredibly easy to setup a new channel if some single widely connected channel decides to attempt to force KYC or high fees or whatever.  There is nothing to support such a ridiculous assertion. 


What we have *today* is weak anonymity.  All LN implementations are *already* onion routed like Tor.  Meaning even if You use Coinbase for your direct channel, they have absolutely zero idea where your Bitcoin are going.  You are either ignorant or making stuff up to troll.
@_date: 2017-03-08 23:49:59
But what good is it to focus on a year long solution when there is an immediate solution on the table?  It's like saying we need to compromise by building another car to help commute all the people when there is already a second car in the driveway that *literally just needs gas.*
@_date: 2017-03-03 18:03:18
Your are laser focusing on the word "infinite" while ignoring the point.  Of course people aren't going to resend thousands of transactions all day long just for the fun of it.  
The point is that people will *always* want transactions to be cheaper.  not that they want "infinite transactions."  People complained endlessly about 5% fees for buying bitcoin for ages and they continuously dropped.  Then a bunch of services, Circle one of the better known, stated offering "no-fee" bitcoin purchasing.  I can't tell you how many comments and posts about how Coinbase was a "ridiculous, greedy company" for charging the "insane" 1% fees!  
People will *never* say "oh this is cheap enough, were fine right here."  The *demand* for *cheaper* transactions is "infinite."  No one will ever be satisfied when having to pay a fee. Period. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 04:52:59
BU is a horrible solution full of bugs and bad game theory that virtually none of the coding/development community supports.
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:30:13
Took a long time too.  I imagined just throwing it together real fast, lol.  My first infographic though, glad you enjoyed it :)
@_date: 2017-03-17 20:42:18
Equally bad analogy that doesn't apply.  Any analogy is going to be woefully uninformative considering the balancing of fees to resource costs in SegWit and the fact that Unlimited completely changes the game theory and adds a new layer of consensus dispute left solely to mining power vote.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:52:49


This is something I do not know enough about and am hoping to do greater research into.  I think Core is more failing in the "explaining and appealing to the community" category than anything else.  I agree Segwit is a huge deal and I'm very excited about it.  Have supported that since I heard of it.  


True, I quoted another user recently who said it very well so I'll quote them again:




Weak or thinblocks are the simplest to understand improvement I've noticed recently and absolutely love.  I never even considered how redundant block propagation was until hearing an explanation for it.  ibit on the other hand I know nothing about.
@_date: 2017-03-30 03:54:38
I thought the same XD, and he even repeated it.
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:22:19
u/RenHo3k be wary.  I read both subs regularly and pretty in depth.  I've read hundreds of lengthy arguments from both sides for quite a while.  Everyone has behaved like a bunch of jackasses throughout much of this debate (making judgements based on statements and "this guy's an asshole" will get you no where fast).  On the btc subreddit you will undoubtedly hear that the "core devs" are "censoring discussion," which is demonstrably false.  There is a lot of equating completely different groups of people because of their position.  The moderators of this subreddit and the core devs are not remotely the same group of people.  In addition there is a ton of claims regarding the "infamous" Blockstream.  Yet again entirely different groups are thrown together as if they are the same.  And there are constant claims of "contracts from the investors" and so on which have absolutely zero evidence to support.  Much is taking general socially supported narratives (evil banks, big business takeover, and so on), and then pointing at reasons the Blockstream company has similarities.  Which basically amount to a few banks investing, and it's a business.  There is a dead fast focus on sewing distrust, character attacks, incorrectly lumping different individuals, and the endless claims of "censorship."  What you *wont* hear much are the technical arguments or how BU works and how they intend to fix some *gapping* attack vectors.  The technical argument is the *only* *real* argument and it isn't straight forward, there are a lot of subtle considerations and not-so-obvious solutions/problems.
I did a *lot* of reading before coming to a decision, but I say this as someone who was initially very excited about Bitcoin Unlimited.  It seemed like an elegant solution at the time.  But looking into the specifics of how it works, it is now, in my opinion, the worst idea for scaling that we could possibly have.  If you truly care about the debate, be very wary about making an opinion before reading a whole lot of the arguments from both sides.
@_date: 2017-02-08 02:01:12
In what possible way is Segwit a "power grab?"
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:11:23
I don't believe this.  I see people find excuses all the time for any idea they are invested in (and I dont just mean with money, but with time and their reputation).
What drives me crazy is the insane hypocrisy.  Posters are literally trying to claim that Peter's tweet is somehow *a criminal act* which is so beyond any reasonable avenue of human thought that I cant even begin to assess it.  What they are attacking would suggest that if a bug was found in core and the devs *publicly posted a fix on github,* they would quietly sit by, email the developers, and ensure that it got fixed before discussing it at all.
As I stated in my response to one of them... 


@_date: 2016-01-26 05:07:41
I think you are being unfair, this is a breakdown of recent events not a support of either proposal.  The only bias I intended to show was my distaste with Theymos treatment of moderation on the topic.  I thought his actions were bad for the debate and went a long way toward encouraging the poisonous attitudes and division in the community.  When people feel they are being censored from discussion they are far less likely to listen to the opposing argument.
@_date: 2017-03-17 01:53:03
I've had so many "big blockers" tell me that "Centralized Lightning Hubs" were a direct takeover of Bitcoin by Blockstream to "implement KYC/AML" and create a "fractional reserve system" using "LN IOUs."... And then I watch them get upvoted to such a degree I begin losing my hope for humanity in general and am forced to go watch a Pixar movie to recover.
*You* may be excited about LN, but there is an army of people in that other sub who believe insanely false things and outright denounce anything from core as centralized evil coin.
@_date: 2016-01-14 17:38:28
Oh, somehow I missed something there.  But yeah, what you said lol.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:37:58
Yes it is, but isn't that what the entire subreddit, the developers, BU, and practically the entire community talking about?  Am I supposed to wait until *after* it occurs to admit it is a possibility?  There is discussion of **changing the PoW algorithm** but my suggestion that a HF may actually happen is too far?  It is about having alternatives that could actually fix the issue solidly, securely, and predictably on the core chain should a HF happen in the near or even distant future.
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:46:09
Seriously, Coinbase gets so much hate for seemingly so little reason.  User pays the fees on most services, this is not a huge deal.  And if we are committed to the decentralization of the network and are deliberately taking a long term approach to this, then having to pay transaction fees that are high in the short term should be accepted... and we certainly shouldn't expect Bitcoin businesses to pay those costs for us.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:05:27
Thanks!  Feel free to do whatever with it.  I hope i can keep up with this because I think a lot of people would find summaries of events very helpful.  I luckily have a job that allows me to keep up with it throughout the day, not everyone has that opportunity or even wants to pay that close attention.
@_date: 2017-03-23 21:25:22
So instead of doing one blocksize increase at a time, it's probably better to just stack them on top of each other. Obviously, despite having no idea what size blocks would actually be reasonable or necessary, we should avoid the soft fork for doubling capacity because using a safer option to *find out* what may be necessary and opening up to more options for scaling would certainly be a terrible idea... /s
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:31:24
It looks like Jonathan (Michaels brother) is actually the developer and Michael simply runs consider.it.   So it may not be as bad as the perception has made it seem,  I know very little about Jonathan but it appears as if most vouch that he has been professional and largely competent.  I had imperfect information apparently that went into the info graphic.
@_date: 2016-01-24 21:39:29
It made me smile :)
@_date: 2016-01-26 13:28:35
True it's not directly related, but I'm sure there are some who are unsure of why and how this debate got so poisonous and I think not mentioning it would have been a disservice.  Clearly that's not the entire reason, but it's definitely had a big impact on the discussion.  Also this was a Reddit specific breakdown seeing as it's how I keep up with the topic.  If there is a kind of Reddit tunnel vision (guessing there likely is) I'm looking through it unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-03-25 13:19:37
Which leaves it up to the opposers of SegWit to create a fork by trying to steal and/or refusing to allow the users who *do* want SegWit to use it.  This is currently the case also, if they want to fork now they can.  If they want to fork during a UASF then it isn't much different, although it would be easier to cause.  
It is really about whether the detractors decide to force a HF, not whether SegWit users do. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:28:41
Isn't that what they wanted?  They have been screaming for a SegWit hard fork for months.  Are they not satisfied?
@_date: 2017-03-02 14:03:34
Your claim is beyond ridiculous and your stubbornness to repeat and defend something so absolutely retarded makes me realize that this conversation is a huge waste of my time.  
Please go make an altcoin and process all 5,000 tps by yourself on your desktop computer.  Problem solved.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:02:33
"like litecoin and XT"
XT is not an altcoin, this is the definition that a great many have an issue with.  An altcoin is a stand alone coin.  Litecoin does not fork bitcoin if its gains support because it isn't bitcoin.  BitcoinXT is, the coins on the network would be the same, the addresses would be the same, the history would be the same.  Disagreeing with the proposal is fine, but calling it an altcoin is simply incorrect.
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:39:48
 Claims SegWit is untested… Supports bitcoin unlimited.  *facepalm*
@_date: 2017-02-26 19:05:15
With only 95% that's basically unavoidable. But my question is whether that's a significant problem if 95% moves to the new coin or there is no fork at all?
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:21:17


So you admit you have no technical argument, that you are simply emotional about who has produced this code?


This is a *huge* part of the problem.  You have equated two groups of people *completely* unrelated.  The handful of moderators, Theymos mostly, who are responsible for restricting the discussion *do not write any code.*  and many of the developers have openly said they are against the censorship while the vast majority choose to stay out of it entirely.  Yet you look at one persons actions and then place the responsibility on *someone else entirely.*
And you even admit to "auto-rejecting" it because you entire worry has nothing to do with the philosophy of Bitcoin or the technical merits of the code.  Instead you have detailed why you feel *emotionally* insulted and will stubbornly refuse to support beneficial upgrades to Bitcoin due to your completely misplaced blame and selfishness.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:40:28
No, its robbery unless i can turn him down and use a different service without being subject to threats or outright violent attack.  
If a theif steals from me and uses a tenth of it to replace some cracked stones on my walkway and then uses the rest for contracts to his friends and bombing another country I am neither obligated to pay him nor thank him for his work.  He is a thief, plain and simple.
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:29:37


If Shapeshift does analysis to decide then isn't that still less complication than changing how transactions work?  Can you explain why RBF would make this process easier?  What would make it easier if normal transactions are unchanged, but RBF transactions are more easily reversed?
@_date: 2017-03-29 01:14:46
I really don't like the BU system but they didn't go "closed source."  They delayed the release of a fix publicly before they were able to get "critical" nodes updated, but then released it publicly shortly after.  
This would suggest that a very small number of people (low enough that they can be privately contacted) likely run a large number of BU nodes.  The *real* story behind their delayed public release is that it suggests highly centralized BU infrastructure.  Incorrectly calling the project "closed source" is not only false, but missing the more important implication of what they actually did. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:15:29
It wasn't core that found it.  It was on their own github page and Peter Todd tweeted with a link to it saying "wtf?"  Then apparently shortly after someone took advantage of the bug.
Edit: apparently the attack happened roughly an hour *before* peter Todd tweeted anything.
@_date: 2017-03-15 01:56:21
I write explanations, have read everything I can about the different upgrades, including Bitcoin Unlimited, and I am trying to make myself as useful as possible.  I also created the Bitcoin Roadmap infographic that gets passed around and is still on the Core website last I checked.
I *have* worked very hard to be a contributor even though I cannot code, but have spent the last 5 months taking a course to get my LFCSA which I finished just last week.  I have spent far too long on github staring at code from Bitcoin, TumbleBit, and the Lightning network that I can barely make heads or tails of.  And I *do* try to propose solutions and intend to have a podcast released in the very near future discussing those options and the debate in general which I've spent the entirety of my weekends on for roughly 6 weeks now.  
I'm not a developer, but I am working my ass off in hopes of being worth something to the community.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 01:02:53
That's what Ive got too.  I'm speaking with a rep who is trying to get me an ecard refund but it keeps getting shut down by the billing department or something.  Was supposed to get it last monday.
@_date: 2017-02-12 15:25:37
I'm not sure what your explanation of SSH serves here.  My claim was that your comment that "LN doesn't use the blockchain" would be as equally false as "saying HTTP or SSH doesn't use TCP/IP."  Your explanation of SSH and IP shows that my point is accurate does it not? 
@_date: 2017-02-14 15:01:53
I think that this is a regularly repeated assumption without much to back it.  For instance, outside of the short period of spammed Bitcoin Classic nodes in early 2016, node count, despite no increase in blocksize has been very gradually falling.  It's only been in the last few months that it appears to be turning up, which I attribute more to the contention about the blocksize debate, which is making people spin up nodes in support of their desired scaling solution.  
Considering we have onboarded a massive number of users in the last two years while seeing barely any change, and arguably in the negative, for node count... I don't see any reason to think the assumption of more users = more nodes is necessarily true.  
@_date: 2016-01-12 19:58:36
Can you think of a government or large corporation that spends its time legitimizing black markets?  Would you consider black markets (with a lack of support and sometimes under open and violent attack) doomed, contracting, or growing?
edit: wording
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:52:46
I agree they operate in their own interest, but letting Bitcoin die would be a *shocking* hit to their profitability.  They cant just "switch over to something else" that will make them as much liquid, accessible profit as bitcoin does.
@_date: 2017-03-10 13:55:35
Again you are making excuses about how miners will "agree."  I'm referring to the very real scenario when they will inevitably *not* agree. If miners are unable to set their EB under contentious conditions in order to restrict the growth of the blocksize without opening themselves to a devastating attack... then the EB parameter is useless as a mechanism to keep the blocksize manageable and prevent centralization.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:08:44
Your welcome :D
@_date: 2017-03-12 17:24:14
She lost me at "the primary reason being, Bitcoin never adopted any stakeholder based governance." 
@_date: 2017-02-07 19:55:30
What does your link have to do with Segwit?
@_date: 2017-03-02 14:18:41
A pruned node that does not relay transactions or distribute blocks is useful for *the user* but not the network.  A node that fully validates, distributes, and relays is critical for *the network.*  
Both nodes can coexist perfectly fine, but raising the costs of running a *full node* which provides a benefit *to others* but no direct benefit *to themselves* will result in fewer *full nodes.*  The higher the cost is with no added benefit, fewer people will pay the price.  If you constantly think we can just keep selfishly wanting higher and higher resource costs, pushed onto people charitably validating and securing the network without any consequences whatsoever you are mistaken.  Nodes have already been in decline for 6+ years despite massive adoption growth.  Only in the last year or two has it begun to find an equilibrium and possibly, hopefully, begin to grow again.  If you think leaping to 8MB so we can get a pathetic 24 Tps on the network isn't going to severely stress the number of full nodes then you are being willfully ignorant.
A *sensible* thing to do would make an increase to 2MB and include a lot of very important bug fixes and improvements so we can see exactly *how* the network reacts to higher resource costs.  Then maybe we could get some real numbers regarding the consequences of bandwidth constraints rather than throwing vague educated guesses at each other.  Maybe you *are* right and my concerns are unfounded.  Why don't we activate SegWit so **we can find out?**
The *reckless* thing to do would be to change how the blocksize is determined all together (possibly adding *new* attack vectors without even fixing a very important one) and working under the assumption that it can be raised forever without any consequence at all.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:45:17
Yeah someone else pointed out that mistake too. Thank you.
@_date: 2016-01-16 14:46:51
I disagree with that sentiment completely.  When Congress has a monetary failure they double down on the same policies that caused the problem.  When people disagree with Congress there is no option to fork.  If literally no one agrees with the governments decision, it makes no difference.  
Arguing is not a consequence of being inept or of poor function.  It is a problem of people caring.  People will always be shit throwing and yelling at each other when problems arise no matter where you are in the world or what you involve yourself in.  The more on the line, the more vicious the argument will likely be.  
What we may have after half a year or so of arguments and shit throwing is an outcome of what seems to be consensus on a practical compromise.  Not to mention it's one that's not really being forced on anyone, and is actually agreed upon by the community and not just by the developers.  It is not perfect, because people can be crappy no matter where you are.  But a practical solution, that the community wants, that doesn't solely or unequally benefit those in positions of authority, and doesn't royally fuck a huge group of people, is something I have personally *never* seen Congress come up with.
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:34:58
It's not on Coinbase yet, but they recently (few days ago) received the license for adding litecoin.  This could possibly be hands trying to get into it before some announcement.
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:55:03
All I can think of is that "Verizon Math" YouTube video.
"Do you understand that there difference between half a dollar and half a cent?..."
@_date: 2016-01-16 00:03:41
Not at all.  Been HODLing since $2.  But i was about to make a purchase using the profits I've made over the last month and some change... but now ill have to HODL.
Granted, it might be time to break out the popcorn again ;)
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:22:19
Honestly, I would be very nervous about doing business in America too.  I don't see how this is somehow proof that he is suddenly committing "fraud."  Which he didn't even do the first time he ended up in prison.  
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:40:39
Hmm, lets see.  Since resource cost constraints are critical to keeping Bitcoin decentralized, should we:
- Be careful and double capacity from 1 to 2 and then test the effect on the network without forcing an upgrade on anyone or splitting the network?...  
- Or should we just wipe away those constraints altogether, go from 1 to infinity, ignore the consequences, assume everything will work out fine, give the middle finger to any of the network that wants to try a safer option, and hand the power to politically dictate what resource constraints should be to the largest mining institutions?...
@_date: 2017-03-24 20:33:52
Except the value of a GPU is in its ability to run any algo, albeit less efficiently.  In other words, if you had the Algorithm randomize in some way every adjustment period, then ASICs would only last 2 weeks and then a redesign.  That way only broad, non-specialized hardware, like GPUs would be viable for mining that portion of the PoW.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:54:15
Unnecessary and reckless.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:43:26
So force an extremely untested and ridiculous change in the power structure and game theory of the system for the entire network, pushed through by loud and vocal miners in complete disregard of the massive group in opposition to it by splitting the network is the "free market" choosing...?  But supporting a backwards compatible blocksize increase that fixes a handful of other critical problems while creating benefits to both those who upgrade *and* those who don't without forcing anyone to use the new software is... "forcing them?"  
You need sit down and think real hard about that.
@_date: 2017-03-30 03:53:59
That's kind of the point.  All this guy sees is the "right now."  The technology itself is endless, but like the internet in the 90s, it still has to be built.  
Aside from that you technically *can* send $0.01 to 1000 people (albeit with $0.20-$0.30 fees) and multisig and escrowed bitcoin payments happen all the time,  There is actually a whole darknet market that uses multisig rather than controlling deposits.  It just doesn't happen with any traditional banking institutions.  
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:14:16
Charlie Shrem never committed fraud.
@_date: 2017-03-10 02:26:56
FYI, I'm not looking for a "miners will just all agree on blocksize," "emergent consensus," or whatever response.  I will not accept that.  I am assuming:
1) Miners *disagree* on the blocksize
2) EB is *supposed* to be a mechanism to allow for restricting the blocksize and therefore is *actually able to do so* even if (**especially if**) an attacker hits the network.
3) The BU devs have prepared for and *fully tested* this and other contentious situations on the software they desire to have forced into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:17:24
This price pull back is long overdue.
@_date: 2016-01-26 02:06:46
interesting, I've not seen this before.  I'm going to read into it to find out more, thanks for the info.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:53:23
When there are constant personal attacks about Core devs being "bought" and "controlled" and that Blockstream is a "take-over" of Bitcoin by corporate interest driven developers... but you then find out that the creator of Hashcash, a developer of the original Firefox, contributors to Tor, many contributors to multiple encryption improvements/standards, and a number of decades long vision-driven cypherpunks are among this group, it goes to show how ridiculous that claim is.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:38:07
He went on the bitcoin slack channel and was clearly on some sort of drug.  He even suggests it himself:
Also he just recently did a [podcast interview]( which is kind of cringe worthy too.  He seems really paranoid and has trouble answering some pretty simple questions.  Could just be nervous after getting destroyed on reddit but its not helping his case.  The part I listened too started at 45min.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:50:21
I agree.  The cap was at 4MB, thanks to the 75% discount.  If the blocksize was raised to 2MB but the discount reduced to 50%, then the theoretical limit would remain at 4MB.
I also realize the discount was to implement it as a soft-fork, but I don't see any real way around this.  If the script is changed by HF then it puts all current HTLC transactions as risk of never being released.  I'm suggesting having the discount reduced and implement the soft fork activation simultaneously as part of the HF client.
@_date: 2017-03-24 00:32:47
BU is offering *no one* a choice.  
Bitcoin Unlimited = "Change the foundations of the code to Emergent Consensus. Just trust that this loose, undefined system full of bugs works even though we didn't even spend 30 minutes thinking it through.  We can test it out after it goes live (way better in the real world anyway).  And if you don't like it well then you can suck it, we won't walk away peacefully and let both chains win, we will sink millions of dollars, flood your network, replay your transactions, and orphan your blocks because we support the free market." 
-"Also, don't forget that you support BU by default because Theymos censors a popular subreddit about bitcoin and that means the large, diverse Core developer group has been bought by the banks..."
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:13:05
See I kind of wonder if it would be the opposite.  Yes, trying to port that software to the BU system might have some difficulties, but I wonder if everything might move much quicker on the 1MB chain if SegWit gets activated and current work on all of these different scaling solutions isn't negated by a new protocol.  I feel like nearly all of these solutions have developed under the assumptions of SegWit being available to use.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:50:42
Simple ways to scale *linearly* that put significant risks on splitting the network with pathetically small benefit.  And BU isn't even one of those.  BU is a downgrade with with new problems.
If we could get everyone on board with a 2Mb hardfork with 17% yearly increase or possibly something similar, I would be all for it!  But we would *still* need SegWit! And we can do SegWit now, and it looks like hard forks appear to be really contentious.  So why the hell be so belligerent about a HF when there are *so many* improvements with a broad range of benefits and *exponential* scaling that are literally on the verge of implementation that don't even need a HF?
@_date: 2017-03-22 02:00:15
I agree with the sentiment, but not with the logic.  If the system cannot withstand the indecision, the debate, and the consequences of human behavior then honestly there *is* something wrong with the code.  That being said, I think Bitcoin is doing fine in spite of the community.  Despite the worrying, arguing, insult throwing, lashing out, competing clients, loud and influential opinions, signaling disparities and so on... Bitcoin hasn't skipped a beat and development has continued massively despite it all.  Tumblebit is on the verge, Lightning network is on the verge, SegWit *may* even find a safe way to get implemented without a supermajority, and despite continued growth and a backlog of transactions, the price of the fee simply adjusted.  Even during the worst backlogs, the most important transactions that both genuinely needed Bitcoin and/or were the most time sensitive, have gone through as they should.  In spite of all of the nonsense, the threats, the SEC dismissal, the technical confusion, and the hostile debate, *Bitcoin remains above $1000* and has largely done little more than retract part of a steep climb and only *slow* the constant upward momentum.  
TL;DR there's been a lot of bullshit on Reddit but Bitcoin has been working just fine.
@_date: 2017-03-01 17:33:22
That's not global transactions on a network that have to be stored forever.  Saying you can pack that many transactions into someone's bandwidth is completely useless as a data point.  You are ignoring latency, validation time, propagation time, traffic for downloading and uploading the blockchain, and many others.  
At full 1mb blocks a node (at least my brothers) uses between 200-300 GB of traffic per month.  His internet was being throttled as he hit his 300GB data cap every month just from running a node.  He had to cut his node off specifically for this reason.  
The only value of Bitcoin is that you *don't have to trust someone else to verify* that the system is honest and secured.  If you off load the costs onto other people just because you want the immense value of their verification for free without doing it yourself, you immediately risk the security of the system.  You might as well use a bank or company you trust.
@_date: 2017-03-03 19:37:43
I definitely had that with the old client.  I think I had the problem once or twice after an update not too long back where it would show confirmations but then drop back to "sent but unconfirmed" after closing and reopening.  Was fixed pretty quick though.  No problems for months and I use it pretty frequently. 
@_date: 2017-03-25 12:55:55
I'm saying that the "censorship" of who funds Blockstream could just be that this sub doesn't care or talk about it.  I'm saying the the people who moderate the subreddit have nothing to do with the developers or the company you are accusing.  I'm saying Blockstream also is a small part of the Core Devs and there is zero evidence they have changed their minds, ideas, priorities, or plans in the many years before and after Blockstream was created by them.  I'm saying I don't believe (because there is zero evidence or connection) that the people moderating forums are "paid by bankers."  I'm saying your argument is complete nonsense, requires two handfuls of logical leaps, only works if you equate completely different groups and persons, and frankly is quite stupid.
@_date: 2017-03-23 21:20:40
I'm sorry, would you expect someone called a liar, Blockstream corrupt sell-out, Bitcoin crippler, and an endless list of other derogatory conspiracy hosreshit respond to an obvious BU pumper with, "oh yeah those BU guys! Love those sweet hearts."
You don't have to "fire the developers," you can literally fork *right* now if you want.  it clearly will never be an uncontentious situation so I don't understand what the point of waiting is.
@_date: 2017-03-04 15:03:56
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:17:54
Yes, but elementary bugs that cause *critical damage* should be found **way** before any code is pushed live on the network.
@_date: 2017-03-06 16:36:07
Not really, as long as the anti-segwit group doesn't mind letting SegWit supporters use SegWit then everyone is happy and there are no problems.  Backwards compatibility is kept.  You know, the free market as they have claimed to support over and over.  However, if they decide that themselves being "right" means the will work to hurt everyone else who disagrees with them because they can, then they msy have an opportunity to force a hard fork.  
It has nothing to do with the UASF side however, it has everything to those who would rather not use SegWit and how they react to those who choose to do so.
@_date: 2016-01-30 02:27:31
That would be great if they could help, I'll send Bitpay another message.  If you guys can fix this I will be your best friend forever.  Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:27:51
This is news to me.  Interesting.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:06:00
I think layers are an excellent way to manage massive amounts of volume.  But regardless of that, if we have to hardfork I'm not even against it.  I would be more than happy with a HF to 2MB with a predictable and concrete increase by 15-17% a year until we hit 32MB down the road.  That should give us more than enough breathing room while Scnorr signatures roll out to double capacity, while Tumblebit payment hub makes huge improvements o scaling *and* privacy, while lightning network builds a huge micropayments platform, while rootstock implements sidechain and subchains, while work is done on extension blocks, and on and on.  
There are *so many* solutions to this problem that I'm just beyond confused that BU, of all the possible options, is the **default** argued for?  When it's the most dangerous, least conservative, changes the whole game theory, and opens up blatant attack vectors!?  Just seems like the absolute *most* reckless path forward.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:19:05
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:23:07
So ive just sent $1 worth of bitcoin with a .1 mB per Kb fee as per the greenaddress wallet recommendations.  3 blocks later and no confirmation.  This is the kind of shit that makes bitcoin not fun.  I really dont understand how so many don't see this.  I'm already abandoning the $1 and leaving the site.  This debate is about *using* bitcoin.  3 hours is ridiculous for an internet currency.  You wont get old people to use it because its too complicated and you wont get young people to use it if it takes longer than watching a youtube ad.  
@_date: 2016-01-25 17:15:45
Hasn't this been the state of government regulatory agencies in practically all industries since forever?
Past board members of Goldman Sachs regulating banks, past board members of Monsanto at the FDA, this has always been the sad case of government being in charge of something.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:04:55
This is news to no one.  This is an assessment of the argument that Bitcoin can scale as needed on-chain.  The entire debate from BU *assumes* that those needs will increase very quickly, hence the necessity of the *immediate* and *drastic* HF solution to overhauling the foundation of resource limits for running the Bitcoin network.  So it makes no sense to change the argument that the blocks won't be full as the blocksize is raised, because that suggests that it is unnecessary to increase the limit.  
Therefore, the very premise of this argument is that blocks are full, and more room is needed to scale, notice that BU clearly has a limit as well.
@_date: 2017-03-17 01:44:12
Consumers have no idea they are paying credit card fees.  I think that is a non-argument.
Fast transaction and low fees were *touted by bitcoiners* at the time (myself included) in an effort to sell Bitcoin, but its largest value proposition has always been that it isn't controlled by any state, and therefore cannot be manipulated.  It was at the forefront in the early days, and has been increasingly valued more and more as a hedge against horrible monetary policy.  It is valued as "digital gold."   
Cheap, fast transactions are very easy to recreate with a layered solution, in fact, we can get *far cheaper and faster* than anything Bitcoin was ever able to do.  But if we centralize the system by making it exorbitantly expensive to secure, there is no going back.  Any and all changes should be done with extreme caution, and its value as "decentralized digital gold" should be seen as priority number one.
@_date: 2017-03-13 18:31:38
1.  Untested code to be implemented at the *protocol level* with vague "emergent consensus" responses to serious attack vectors.
2.  A very small group of unknown developers attempting a take over of the development process for the deliberately stated purpose of removing commit rights from current developers.
3.  A complete change in Bitcoin game theory.
4.  The first contentious hard fork due to people complaining about high prices (of all things)
5.  The foolishly pointless focus on linear scaling as the most important solution.  With simultaneous outright dismissal and vehement denouncement of exponential increase by layered solutions without *any* regard or *even sensible discussion* to their technical merit. 
6.  The politicization of mining power.
7.  And the complete removal of resource cost constraints for keeping the entire network running... 
It is certainly a bit worrisome.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:39:31
Likely just variance but hopefully it's suggestive of continued growth in adoption
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:55:07
There are no centralized LN hubs.  There is zero way for them to use LN to get their money back as you suggest.  It is open source and there are already 5 different implementations.  That claim is nonsense.
@_date: 2017-02-14 18:17:55
I completely disagree. It is too easy to create layers that make Bitcoin a far *better* cash than it is today, both by transaction time, security, and privacy measurements.  I think you are simply lacking in imagination if you can't see how developments *that are already being worked on* will create a more decentralized and incredibly scalable system of truly, private, digital cash. 
The goal of massively scalable, decentralized digital cash was *not* possible with Bitcoin as it was just a few years ago.  It has taken *many* upgrades and changes to make it a reality.  Only *now* does that vision appear to be obtainable.
@_date: 2017-03-02 17:01:18
Fixing the malleability bug does more to enable secure and versatile payment channels than any other current protocol upgrade.  Just bi-directional payment channels could relieve *significant* pressure on the network *before* even getting LN.  Not to mention the many other payment channel dependent technologies that are huge benefits to throughout.  
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:31:52
There is absolutely zero reason to limit on-chain transactions to make layer-2 solutions viable.  There is *no world* in which Bitcoin scales that it doesn't need a diverse range of multi-layered solutions to the scaling problem.  10MB blocks, 64MB blocks, even 512MB blocks do nothing to prevent this reality.  This again, is a fundamental element of your argument that makes no sense.  In addition it isn't "their" layer-2 solution.  There are 6 implementations from 6 different developer groups of LN and it looks like 2 of them may beat out the Core devs own implementation.  
There is nothing about any of the assumed and stated "motives" of your arguments that make even a grain of sense.  It is simply the set of intentions that back up what you already believe.
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:27:56
I completely agree.  I'm not referring to current demand, I'm referring to the long-term needs.  There is a very loud group of people claiming Bitcoin can scale indefinitely, and can accommodate VISA level payments, with *on-chain* transactions.  It is simply ironic that BU still somehow has a cap that would *need another hard fork to remove* in spite of their constant arguments that it should scale indefinitely... so then why is there yet another cap?
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:49:09
This is not a big deal.  Most make the user pay the fee, Bitpay does so to go from their own wallet to a debit card wallet within the same company.  I was really surprised by this, but literally any personal wallet you have is the same.  It will take time to implement and find the right solution to this but it simply presents a market opportunity.
@_date: 2017-03-10 13:59:22
Well the point of signaling is to reach some form of visible consensus.  If miners do not act of their signaling then the consensus doesn't work either.  the attack isn't any less dangerous and the assumption doesn't change the problem.  Under the conditions I laid out, this is still a huge issue.
@_date: 2017-03-01 20:21:31
Claiming Core developers have some sort of tyrannical control over Bitcoin is beyond ridiculous.  A casual glance at competing implementations and SegWit hash rate is obvious proof.  
Saying Core developers have censored the discussion is wrong on *many* levels.  One, all developers are not responsible for the same actions.  If one developer has acted rashly or stupidly, to say "Core devs did this" is nonsensical.  
 Second, Theymos is not a developer.  To point at r/Bitcoin moderation and stretch/bend the narrative in an attempt to make the problems of a subreddit as the fault of the Core developers is equally nonsensical.  it would be the equivalent of seeing a redneck with a "Make America Great Again" hat on punch someone, and then going around posting everywhere about how you saw Trump punch a guy.
@_date: 2017-03-17 01:32:52
I was under the impression that it benefitted greatly from SegWit but that it wasn't necessary.  I could be wrong however, as I've not kept up with it.
@_date: 2017-03-15 02:09:17
Right... Don't feed the trolls.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:40:09
According the the Specification it looks like this one is an immediate increase to 2MB (after 1.5 year activation period obviously).  I thought this hadn't been proposed before.  And by Peter Wuille of all people.  Why has this been ignored for so long?  If a HF is forced on us, what a great opportunity we could have to implement something like this.
@_date: 2017-03-01 22:42:18
Then neither is any competing implementation a scaling solution by your own logic.  Classic, XT and certainly BU isnt either.  The only real solutions are all second layer and a move to 2 MB is a great way to relieve pressure until we get there.
Edit: tablet keyboards are such a pain
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:54:07
My argument was not about whether it was good for my brother to have a pruned node or not.  His goal was to *support the network* and it became too expensive for him to do so easily.  My entire argument is about the security of the *network.*  
How many nodes is good? More is better. Period.  The more full nodes with greater distribution then the more secure and resilient the network is.
@_date: 2016-03-07 19:54:40
Except that those services you intend to use probably don't accept those other crypto-currencies.  Which is the reason those other crypto-currencies don't have any fees.
@_date: 2016-01-26 01:48:40
The relay concern is specific during block propagation, which bandwidth still receives 40x to 100x benefit.  Overall bandwidth does not change, but this is unimportant in respect to the orphaned blocks issue.
@_date: 2017-03-08 05:46:18
Well if SegWit won't activate I see little reason to expect BU to reach any significant percentage either.  Everything seems to suggest we will simply sit here and wait while nothing much happens for scaling in the short term. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-03-13 06:21:41
That's why I stated "TumbleBit Hub."  I was specifically referring to the Payment Hub version of TumbleBit that *does* benefit from SegWit but it a bit further down the road development-wise.  In an attempt to keep the title short I failed to clarify that.
@_date: 2017-03-15 02:06:42
... Wut?  What are you even trolling for?  1MB blocks forever?  BU?  How is this a response to what I said?
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:04:03
What does the length of time it has been discussed have to do with any of the points I made?
Edit:  Not to mention that during that time the developers found a clever way to *SF* to 2MB, which is much safer, and they could do so using a much needed upgrade already in being worked on and tested...
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:42:12
You literally just said you wanted to "fire the developers," but now you are somehow confident that after they "are fired" they will gladly come running over to work thousands of donated hours to fix the awful BU system that you supported forcing onto everyone?  Are you delusional?
The age old "somebody will take care of it for me" politically ignorant mentality.  Cause tons of problems and someone else will fix it.
@_date: 2017-03-08 16:33:57
Work very hard for more worthless fiat and wait for opportunity to buy the dip.  Skip meals if necessary to ensure enough available funds for buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:20:18
A lot of people endorsed Mt.Gox.  I was worried that something fishy was going on at the time and withdrew my money, but I was by no means sure of it either way.  I am just paranoid about my Bitcoin.  It's *extremely easy* to look back on it *now* and say how "obvious" it was.  Holding his feet to the fire for a comment he made two months before the crash when Mt.Gox withdrawals were still working fine is a little harsh.  There was very little *concrete* information to show they were in trouble.  
He probably shouldn't have said they were "fine" because it was an assumption he couldn't prove, but saying they were "about to collapse" two months prior would have been an equally unprovable assumption.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:12:37
First, they have been testing and perfecting SegWit for much of that time, which is why I support it.  Specifically because it is fully tested, shown to work as expected, and fixes the problems it is built to solve securely.  Plus the benefit of an increased  blocksize while simultaneously realigning the long term resource cost of transactions with the fee (by using 'weight' which cheapens the data that's only needed during validation and can be safely dropped).  So I don't think it needs anymore testing, SegWit is ready.
Second, 1.7MB was based on the percentage of P2SH transactions at the time and it has since continued to increase.  The more accurate and more recent estimates show 2.0 to 2.1MB being possible after  widespread adoption.  In other words, doubling capacity. 
SegWit as a soft fork is not considered less safe by any developers that I've seen.  I've seen that argument from a great many miners, public figures, redditors, and business owners, but very few (if any) from serious developers.  That being said I would never expect them *all* to agree so I don't doubt they are out there and I'm not refuting your claim that they exist, just the use of the word "most." 
With Segwit However, considering the years of testing, updating, and fine tuning and continued proof that it *is* secure and works perfectly fine, the argument that it is risky is misinformed or outdated at best.  *Point to where it hasn't worked* and you have made a legitimate point.  Otherwise I can simply point at the endless testing and how well it *does* work.  In addition, a HF, irrespective of whether SegWit itself is better one way or the other (I don't agree it's easier as a HF), has significant consequences of its own *regardless* of what change is being made.  It is those consequences that most of the developers and community are trying to avoid.
Lastly, on it being safer as a HF in general, I disagree.  If you HF to make the old witness data no longer valid on the new chain, you have a plethora of issues with migration.  For one, what if (inevitably) that old script is still in use?  HTLC transactions are all over the place.  If I have locked 6 bitcoin for 20 years with current script and we HF to SegWit without backwards compatibility, those Bitcoin will *never unlock.* Now clearly there would be tons of work done to ensure this didn't happen, but the current SF implementation *already* ensures that such an issue doesn't arise.  
I am sympathetic to the BU argument and will admit that I was originally very excited about it... but that was before I understood how exactly it went about changing the blocksize.  I have no illusions that SegWit is some end-all solution but it *is* secure code, it *is* available now, it *does* fix multiple problems, it *doesnt* force it's use if some don't trust it, and I refuse to believe the ridiculous claims of Blockstream bank takeover or even BU bank takeover.  I think both sides are trying to make the best Bitcoin that they think, but the technical soundness and the argument from the SegWit side is simply more compelling and less reckless.  
@_date: 2017-03-10 13:52:36
"Standing to lose money" is irrelevant.  If BU sucks as a system then right now 25% of the hash power stands to lose a lot of money if they get the coin they are pushing for.  There will *always* be malicious, adversarial players in the game.  The system *better* be built for such a scenario or it will pay the price.
Second, everyone setting the same EB value "to prevent such an attack" completely defeats the point.  It would mean the "restriction" on blocksize simply opens to massive problems if the minority doesn't simply bow to what the majority wants.  That means the EB/AD settings are placebo at best and do not remotely serve the purpose they are advertised for.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:25:39
BU is a built in HF mechanism that *doesnt* reduce the consequences, rather makes HF a regular occurrence without even truly mitigating the risk of splitting the chain over and over.  It doesn't even put it a predictable increase, it simply hands the control over to battling miners and assumes everyone will just agree and the contentiousness will somehow vanish "naturally."  It is *terrible* game theory and economically thoughtless while opening Bitcoin to multiple elementary attack vectors.  I agree we could benefit from a blocksize change that could finish the argument, but BU is a crap system. 
@_date: 2016-01-24 22:40:52
If this was implemented it would seem raising the blocklimit back to Satoshi's original 32MB and then limiting transaction size would not cause any problematic delays in block propagation or CPU power.  
[Link]( for those who have not seen it yet.
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:25:25
This is what worries me about RBF.  Would this not be the simpler and obvious solution?  Why the added complication to specifically alter the transaction? 
I've heard a million people excuse RBF because of stuck transactions, but it just seems like a post-decision justification.  RBF is not the logical or simple fix for transactions without high enough fees. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 14:59:50
They might get somewhere if they redesigned it to fix the blatant vulnerabilities and didn't grant even more power to a single group within the ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:46:19
Glad you posted this, because the thought that without a centralized waste/water management people end up shitting in their backyard/drinking rainwater typically indicates someone has never lived in a rural area... where essentially septic systems and wells are used by *everyone.*
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:26:48
DING DING DING!  We have a winner!  Option 1 is a sensible approach, with little risk, that allows the network to move forward and possibly prepare for future blocksize changes later, but with robust and reliable data as to the consequences of doing so!  Excellent job u/Frogolocalypse!  Cindy, why don't you tell our contestant what they've won...  
@_date: 2016-01-24 21:38:24
So you think 2MB blocks will destroy bitcoin to such a degree that rendering obsolete the entire ecosystem of Bitcoin mining hardware and infrastructure is "no great loss?"
I would rather believe you are just sticking to your argument not because you actually believe something so ridiculous, but simply for the sake of your pride.  
@_date: 2017-03-11 18:30:07
Just so you know I corrected my comment.  You were right that inputs "weigh" more which is what I was trying to get across even though I gave my examples exactly backwards.
@_date: 2017-03-28 03:03:52
I honestly have always thought that BIP103 was one of the best options for scaling we could get.  I still support SegWit but not really because of the scaling benefit.  
@_date: 2017-03-17 02:01:47
Do you actually think this price retraction has anything to do with the blocksize debate?
First, the absolute **vast majority** have no idea what the blocksize debate is or even what BU is.  Spending too much time in one forum will make it seem like that's all anyone talks about, but your local Bitcoin meetup probably doesn't have a clue (mine didn't).
Second, this retraction has been overdue.  Look at the daily chart and zoom out a tad.  We just shot up to $1200 and then double peaked after the SEC recovery.  There was never enough momentum to keep it above $1200 without a pullback and reconsolidation.  I still think it could fall more, thou I don't think it will go below $1000 again considering how hard and fast it bounced last time.  Either way it's a guess.
The price game is all over the place and extremely active.  The market is enormous and global and Reddit does not determine the price.  This move has absolutely zero to do with the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:20:46
If Satoshi supported the BU scaling system I would not agree with them.  I might trust him/her however, if they supported a HF to fix the scaling issue and desired a more conservative approach than BU.  So much in the Bitcoin protocol is a testament of conservatism, risk adverseness, and redundancy.  The system itself is designed to assume *anyone* a malicious actor.  So, if Satoshi was "ok" with a HF in general, I would certainly be more willing to entertain the idea.  
That being said, I would basically thoroughly read *any* argument that I thought was Satoshi's regardless of what it espoused, and I'm already kind of indifferent to a HF if there is widespread support.  I just think a contentious HF to untested code, changing the game theory of blocksize/resource constraints, and governance under unknown developers is *astoundingly* reckless.
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:41:11
I think that's a pretty farfetched assumption.  I think most miners are indifferent to the debate and will upgrade when a clear community supported upgrade becomes obvious.  Earlier soft forks have had similar problems getting activated and it just took time.
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:24:53
If that's true, I had not heard of any service being plagued with double spends.  Maybe it just wasn't heavily discussed.  But RBF does not address this problem either way.  It just makes it easier for the double spending party.  RBF seems to only be desirable if you can't get miners to include your transaction.  Which sounds like a block size issue.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:58:45
Sadly, I cannot take [credit]( for it lol.   Twas a comment by u/cyber_numismatist.  I agree though its pretty great.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:09:17
@_date: 2017-03-15 01:50:43
Because mining is expensive, I'm extremely busy (just finished LFCSA course), and trying to start a website and podcast (currently 4 episodes in).  *All of it* is in hopes of being useful to the Bitcoin ecosystem where I think the future truly lies.  I'm doing my best to do the part that makes me most useful but it takes time when you suck at coding.  What are you doing?
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:16:53
Seriously though, you haven't been getting correct information if you think the levels of testing and review are even remotely comparable.
@_date: 2017-03-05 00:21:54
There is no way this would work in practice.  
For starters it takes time for fees to adjust.  Usually a few blocks since it takes confirmations at certain levels to make estimates of future confirmations.  
In addition, if they mined 2 empty blocks to raise fee pressure, then the full block they mine now has to have *over* three times the fees to cover all three blocks plus the "added profit" they think they can get by this method. 
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:08:14
Seeing as a hard fork would change the governance model and possibly piss off a great many of the core developers people want to see a competent development team in charge of the alternate implementation.  After hearing Gavin repeatedly state he has no intentions of maintaining Classic even though he supports the move, it doesn't leave people with much option.  Having the stability of the major supporters of the change questioned and then mixing this with the confusion of whether the core developers would leave the project or not causes people to be very wary.
Edit: that obviously might not be relevant or make sense but it does appear to be the case unless I have incomplete information.
@_date: 2017-03-01 22:40:54
VISA processes everything centrally.  The comment is to show the obvious ridiculousness of claiming a normal desktop computer can handle roughly what the average transaction volume of the entire VISA system.  Anyone with even a bit of sense would realize that such a claim is preposterous for both VISA and Bitcoin.  Bitcoin even more so considering the incredible redundancy and inefficiency built into the network in order to achieve decentralization.
@_date: 2017-03-23 21:14:50
Except that other people's adoption of Segwit frees blockspace for normal transactions if for some reason you want to give it another year or two of testing before believing it is still a normal transaction that works exactly the same as it always has.
@_date: 2017-03-20 20:03:22
I agree, but I'm talking about a better option if we are *forced* to do a HF.  If we took the opportunity to have a more secure and conservative scaling solution peopl won't be able to see it as a "do nothing" versus "drastically change game theory."
It isn't about appeasing people because they are loud.  And that would suggest "not allowing" mining power to be politicized.  Yet that has already happened.  Denying that, is to ignore what has happened for over two years.  It is a fact of reality, now the question is what to do after accepting that reality.
@_date: 2016-01-14 14:49:09
I used to think this same thing but I'm not so sure anymore. Yes, inflation and bad monetary policy are huge incentives for Bitcoin, but so is being scared to death of banks.  
I'm beginning to think a huge crash and scare in the financial markets would be good for the price as well.  Granted cash will still be king, but there definitely isn't enough cash to cover deposits.  If deposits get risked then Bitcoin will definitely be an option.  Then again, bank deposits will quickly become worthless after that and people won't sell much of anything for bank digits.  It's a big confusing cluster either way you look at it, but I think bitcoins security and continued existence will look like an option to anyone who is scared of another banking crisis.  
Clearly, I could be wrong.  But the possibility remains.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:48:57
- Blocks filling up with transactions
- Fear that confirmation times will slow
- Fear that fees will increase significantly
- Greater adoption likely not possible
- BIG argument about what we can do to fix it
- 5 or so popular options that vary wildly
- China has crap Internet, can't deal with big blocks
- At least 3 core developers think we should keep 1mb for "decentralization"
- R/Bitcoin moderator Theymos censoring any discussion about updating by hard fork. Pissing off everyone.
- FUD, hate, shit throwing, "Bitcoin Failing!", You'll Break it!
- Past ~~lead~~ developer announces leaving Bitcoin completely. Says, "community broke it."
- Price poops
- Everyone kinda realizes this is dumb
- Consensus for Bitcoin classic: immediate doubling of block size until better solution found.
edit: lol, shit thanks for the gold! I hadn't noticed :)
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:11:31
That's also my thread XD.  Everyone was focusing on Malleability and sughash while asking what the EB attack was.  It made more sense, if I wanted a response, to post it separately rather than have it get instantly lost among the comments.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:38:29
*Any* blocksize increase is only going to help a "small amount."  In addition, a blocksize increase that doesn't fix the sighash problem opens Bitcoin to a bad vulnerability.  We need exponential scaling, some room to breathe, a fix to the sighash problem, a malleability fix, and a way to optimize and improve scripting for layered/side chain/ and more innovative solutions to the scaling problem... you know, like SegWit.
@_date: 2017-03-01 19:52:14
It's nothing to do with 1MB being some magical limit.  Obviously SegWit doubling the capacity would be a terrible idea if that was the case.  The only significance of 1MB is regarding defense against a quadratic hashing attack and the simple matter that it's the current blocksize.  
If a node is not relaying transactions or distributing the blocksize, then it is doing very little for the network.  The more pruned, non-relaying nodes we have the less secure Bitcoin is.
Pruning, thin blocks and so on have been focal points of improvements.  Thin blocks is one that I consider very important for making node operation smoother and less costly.  Eager to see it implemented.  
The market for securing Bitcoin is in many respects a socialized system.  The costs for securing the network are not paid for by the users of that network.  The desire for users to have lower fees results in higher resource costs to those maintaining that network.  Same as all socialized markets, it pushes toward centralization because people will look to their own costs before the cost to others.  Your focus on fees is a perfect demonstration of this.  You brush aside the resource cost of securing the network because you don't have to pay them, but you prioritize fees because you *do* have to pay them.  You value the short term benefit to users over the long term necessity for decentralization.  This is the same story of all socialized systems and it is how they become decentralized and ultimately fail. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:47:46
They have been eating the costs for withdrawals.  Every single wallet has the user set and pay the fee.  It really makes little sense for Coinbase to do this anyway, particularly when fees are rising.  If we are committed to decentralization and scaling in a layered manner then we have to expect this in the short term. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 00:23:10
BU support has *nothing* to do with fees, it has to do with bitterness and control.  If they actually cared about having a higher capacity in the shortest, safest path forward, then they would have signaled for SegWit *as well as* arguing that a blocksize increase was needed.  But they didn't do that, instead they found *every possible excuse NOT* to do that because that isn't what they really care about.  
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:51:49
It meant something that you could once point to r/btc as being full of nonsense conspiracy claims.  It is still ridiculous.  Every hit is "core supporter attacked the network," "Peter attacked the network," "Blockstream purposefully crippling Bitcoin to make money."  And so on.  
Then... this sub started doing the same thing.  R/Bitcoin took the conspiracy nonsense and slowly came to the agreement that we could do the same thing in return.  And since then the debate has degraded further and further into little more than a shit slinging contest with many thinly veiled and a few outright threats.  
Sucks to see it happen :(
@_date: 2017-03-04 03:51:35
No one has the *right* to say what he "deserves" or not.  By what possible justification have you or anyone else *other* than Satoshi earned that wealth?  Equality within the system and security of ownership is all that matters.  That's why its so great that the wealth is in Bitcoin.  Because even if you are some crook who decides "Satoshi didn't earn dis," you cant take it because the system can prove you don't own it, therefore you have zero authority.  
That's what freedom is, talk all you want about someone *else's* wealth, it will never be yours just because "you think they should spend it on [insert something subjectively important to you]"
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:00:30
(Didn't see this in inbox)
No, The VC groups invested due to the ongoing prospects of Bitcoin and due to the federated, private side chains Blockstream intends to build for big business to not have to share space on the main chain with normal consumers, grant them transactional privacy, a chain with specific purpose and features, but still maintain a hedge and security to the Bitcoin blockchain.  This is all clearly explained and has absolutely nothing to do with LN.
Lightning Network is an open source protocol for establishing payment channels that can be bridged securely without third parties.  There is *literally no way* for them to control the network after it's released, and they may not even be the first to have a working implementation.  There is zero reality in the claim of them controlling and making any reasonable money off of "centralized LN hubs."  It is simply just a demonstrably inaccurate claim.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:28:42
As I understand it XT is the implementation of BIP101.  If BIP101 is integrated into "Core" what effectively would be the difference that would make one an altcoin and the other not?
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:00:26
This puts it in a completely different light.  I rushed to add it to my opposition to small blocks it seems, thanks for the clarification.  Hearing it from "core dev support" made me think of this as a blanket change to the network's new transaction response.
Edit: If blocks are kept small and competition to include your transaction into a block becomes normal, then wouldn't RBF become something more and more desirable?  If that's the case doesn't this pull us back to the blocksize debate?  It still suggests a development focus moving away from Bitcoin's use as an internet payment network and toward an expensive settlement network.  
@_date: 2017-03-24 00:26:02
Why do you think the Devs added a blocksize increase to SegWit?  *Specifically* in order to increase capacity.  We have a solution to high fees ready and waiting that doesn't destroy the network.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:28:13
I will continue to and am talking to "real people" who might actually matter in this regard.  Reddit has serious problems as a forum for solid discussion, but I wanted to put the idea out there anyway.  Makes no sense not to start a discussion about it either way.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:53:49
None of this is based on anything except your assumption.  Maxwell has stated explicitly on many occasions that their contracts do not at all attach them to the dictates of their investors.  They wrote the contracts themselves and have essentially the ability to do whatever they want, which they have clearly explained on many occasions, and no one can sue them or claim they've worked against someone's interest. 
All of your claims are based on an imaginary contract you pulled out of thin air because it sounds good to support your claim of "Blockstream takeover."
@_date: 2017-03-24 01:00:30
Step 1 = complain about users not having choice (about someone you *don't* like)
Step 2 = don't actually care at all about users not having a choice (because its about someone you *do* like)
Step 3 = don't actually have or care about any particular principles at all, just any one that will support your argument for the next minute or so.
@_date: 2017-03-23 21:16:35
He thinks SegWit transactions are special and different and maybe made to steal his/her coins... sarcasm aside, SegWit adoption only helps usage of old style transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:29:57
Luckily you are right.  But avoiding a hard fork only to have a hard fork forced upon you and then sticking your head in the sand and miss what could be an opportunity to puts some nails in the blocksize debate coffin is just stubborn.  
If a HF is *going* to happen, then lets see if we cant get support for a conservative approach, that doesn't change the game theory, and leaves room for scaling going forward.
@_date: 2017-03-27 20:54:37
This is a terrible comparison to having miners/nodes determine blocksize if that's what it is meant to be.  There is no way to judge resource contraints and consequences by having people guess.  there is no jellybean jar to look at.  That experiment is a fascinating study in collective information, but doesn't apply here.  
You could make the *exact same argument* as to why voting for government officials and having government run programs for everything should work perfectly to organize society, but it obviously doesn't.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 19:43:22
The "legal currency system" isn't a completely open and public ledger.  So they don't have to do anything to hide what is happening with their bank accounts, it is a private relationship with a bank.  That is currently *not even possible* with Bitcoin.  The entire system is fundamentally different.  


Ah yes, because all major criminals have already switched over to Bitcoin and such behavior is both impossible and certainly never done with cash or within the banking system.  The banks already had that whole problem nipped in the bud.  *in fact,* terrorism and child pornography didn't even *exist* 8 years ago.  It wasn't until Bitcoin was invented that it suddenly birthed into reality again.  Wish we could get back to those good ol times... /s


Lol, how old are you?  -- Presents empty argument, pauses to stroke cock in victory. --
@_date: 2016-01-12 23:56:40
Every communication is another avenue to slip up or get leaked from some unknown or unaccounted for weakness.  Nothing is perfectly secure.  Glad someone was finally caught.
@_date: 2017-03-12 19:36:01


Because you equated privacy with child pornography and terrorists.  You presented an age old, immature, and weak minded fallacy that serves only to support your narrative.  And you did so as if everyone here hadn't heard it a thousand times.  You also seem to be unaware that the exact same argument is used for literally *every technology that has ever given users more freedom ever,* and that was used endlessly for practically a decade to show why the Internet "would never work."  
edit: Thanks for the gold! XD
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:30:46
lol, did you think either major sub was unbiased?  Im not sure where you got that idea from.  
@_date: 2017-03-13 18:40:34
The new AD will cause long chains of confirmed blocks to be dropped during any period of testing this mechanism.  The system could be gamed to have their transaction included on the chain likely to lose out after the AD is hit.  Then see what appears to be 5 confirmations orphaned and discover the transaction is different on the dominant chain and was never actually received.
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:36:10
...sigh, just 2 comments in thinking I found a thread that wasn't only about the endless anti/pro core nonsense.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:23:39
I agree, SegWit is better, and it also looks like we wont get it.  A Hard Fork is stupid and a huge undertaking and risk.  But if a HF is coming one way or the other, and if there is *actually* consideration of something as stupid as changing the PoW algorithm (which will without a doubt create **3** coins), then a conservative compromise suddenly becomes the *best* solution.  A stable and predictable increase does not alter the game theory, and cannot be manipulated or used as an attack vector against other nodes or miners.  Anyone claiming it puts too much stress on the network is being disengenious.  The proposal is extremely conservative on network costs and with the 50% discount to SegWit would result in the same max block weight (one susceptible to a witness attack) of 4MB that is achieved with the current SegWit softfork.
Stubbornness is unbecoming.  If this is going to happen I say we take it as an opportunity and fix the blocksize debate for the Core chain.  In addition, I think as a compromise this may get a lot of the BU crew onboard and answers the argument of miners who claim the limit for on-chain transactions will push the fees onto higher layers and could threaten their revenue stream in the long run.
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:56:58
Those links show a dispute that got resolved.  The post sounds a lot more like an asshole customer.  
If you have something that suggests he really has done something bad I would be glad to hear it.  I don't want to have the wrong impression of him if there is a serious theft or scam out there I'm unaware of.  But I still see no evidence other than a frustrated customer who failed to even contact Charlie about his perceived problem and instead vented on the Internet.  Maybe there was something else you were trying to link to?
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:21:55
It's not that there is a significant problem, I honestly think Bitcoin is doing fine. The issue is that we have a ready-to-go upgrade, that fixes multiple issues, will increase volume, prepare for future scaling, and will lower fees in the short term.  
That doesn't mean I think Bitcoin is in trouble.  It is simply annoying having such a great upgrade sitting there unused because a bunch of people are indifferent.
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:44:41
Good code wins out.
@_date: 2017-03-15 02:01:52
Dont worry, you are helping.  Never stop and consider that you might be doing the very thing you attempt to chastise me for.  Blinders are the best way forward.  /s
@_date: 2017-03-02 01:02:30
The argument is whether or not the core layer having millions of individual, nearly free, first confirmation transactions is even realistic as this thing grows.  It was a good selling point when there was very little use of the network.  But the value of Bitcoin is as *secure, decentralized, immutable currency.*. Risking that for the sake of fees is misguided.  
Temporarily high fees will *not* threaten the real value of Bitcoin.  Transacting in gold is *extraordinarily* slow and costly in addition to being difficult to secure.  Bitcoin is better in every respect *and* happens to be programmable, meaning there are likely thousands of ways to create decentralized payment systems on top of the currency layer. Gold doesn't have that option.  
@_date: 2017-03-04 00:34:31
First, you shouldn't blindly trust anyone.  if the 120 or so core development group begins broadly supporting upgrades that damage bitcoins security structure, then don't upgrade.  Instead, they have been incredibly conservative to hold security and immutability as priorities.  They have focused on working toward *serious* proposals to scale exponentially rather than linearly.  Upon finding they could make their soft fork malleability fix into a doubling of blocksize they immediately implemented it.  They have tested and reviewed their changes to grueling lengths and thoroughness.  And they understand and have focused on anonymity/fungibility being a critical focus moving forward.  
Second, Blockstream's success has absolutely nothing to do with a "crippled blocksize." 2MB, 4MB, 8MB even 32MB blocks do not come close to the kinds of volume they are catering to with the federated systems they are proposing to specific business needs.  
Only someone who has no concept of the numbers they deal with thinks that 4MB blocks means a fintech giant can "just use the blockchain for their high frequency trading, no big deal."  And preventing it at all costs is how they "keep their business from dying."  That's like saying if we just had *two* or *three* more buckets to hold the extra water we could keep global warming from flooding the coasts. And it sounds equally insane when you claim conspiracy that "blockstream is limiting us to only *one* bucket because they want global warming to kill everyone."
Lastly, it is amazing to me how deeply entrenched the idea of the socialist, progressive "evil big business" sentiment is.  That business is evil because business.  No evidence, argument, or actions needed, just "cuz business."   The Core developers can work for years on incredible upgrades but the *second* just a few of them start a "business" in an attempt to fund the thousands of hours of labor that is being *donated* to this massive open source undertaking... *immediately* they are all power hungry, profit seeking, greedy bastards who deserve to be fired.  And not just the handful that got together to start the business, *all of them* are somehow collectively responsible for your baseless conspiracy nonsense.  
If you ever make a *sensible* argument I am more than willing to hear you out all day and I love to read about any and all technical innovations in the Bitcoin space.  But this completely stupid conspiracy, "banks run Blockstream" bullshit is **exhausting.**. How long will you beat the shit out of that drum?  You do yourself absolutely **no** favors by holding a rock hard belief as to the *intentions* of a group of 120 odd developers working day and night to streamline the Bitcoin system.  
You have no argument, that's why you lean so heavily on nonsense. There's nowhere else to turn.  You better have **someting tangible** when you make blanket character attacks on hundreds of people working their asses off to keep this thing running.  Forgive me for being so damn blunt, but my patience is just gone today.  If you don't have anything real to contribute, you should shut your mouth. 
@_date: 2017-03-30 03:40:35
Everyone should read this whole thing.  Gives a really thorough layout of the many opinions and feelings around this debate.  
Also, a thanks to 21.co being so scientific about the whole thing and I think this is a really interesting use-case for their platform.  Its good to have real data that allows you to sift through the bullshit on Reddit.  
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:54:01
Seriously?  Why?  Because they are trying to sneak in a backdoor?  You act like SegWit is some crazy conspiracy that no one would want unless they could sneak it in as a capacity increase... 
I neither believe your narrative, nor the fundamental assumption of your argument that the developers who have worked their asses off for 6+ years and made a vast number of improvements (and continue to do so) are *secretly* trying to hurt Bitcoin.  And then that in such a goal they have also *secretly* made harmful SegWit code that they are trying to sell to the community as a blocksize increase.  
There isn't a single iota of technical reasoning behind such an argument.
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:33:01
If you have a shift card its wonderful to have some on hand.  I always keep $100ish for when i feel like buying myself something random.
edit: But as soon as my auto-buys put me into the $200 range i pull most of it out.  Accounts get frozen, if you don't hold the keys you don't own it.
@_date: 2017-03-01 04:23:39
*This* is the real story of Bitcoin.  It is not under duress, it isn't going anywhere, and this is a demonstration of its strength and resilience.  The industry, community, development, new projects, and new business around Bitcoin is *massive* and still growing.  There are literally so many various and ingenious scaling options *in development* that I find it almost comical that we are still fighting over whether to hard fork to get a largely insignificant blocksize increase.
Step back for a second and look at the big picture.  Bitcoin is solid as a rock.  It is, and has become, Gold 2.0.  Just two years ago, to hear such on mainstream television was worthy of a Bitcoin holiday.  It is now so common that we have already become desensitized to it.  Bitcoin is now a part of the fintech reality and has been accepted as such.  We are literally talking about an ETF possibly being approved for a **cryptographically secured digital token.** Bitcoin is an absolute game changer, an absolute first in *history.* 
As someone who has been here for just shy of 6 years, I'm more excited than ever about this technology and the future set before us.
@_date: 2017-03-04 03:33:21


No it isn't.  4MB or 8MB blocks does absolutely *nothing* to affect Blockstream's viability.  The business needs they are catering to have *nothing at all* to do with the blocksize.  They are talking about federated off-chain systems with instant transactions that are shared, secured and able to process *millions* of transactions.  Base blockchain transactions were *never* an option for their business needs.


I'm not talking about normal user transaction volume.  Again! I'm talking about the needs of massive companies that do *millions* of transactions and need federated, shared systems for high frequency secure transactions between companies with insane volumes and speed.  Your claim is that "Blockstream is crippling the blocksize" to prevent these companies from "obviously" just dumping this ocean of transactions onto the blockchain and waiting for confirmations.  *5GB blocks wouldn't meet their needs because it has nothing to do with blockspace.*  What they need is TPS in the *thousands,* federated and privately shared servers, and instant transactions.  They don't want the transactions to be public and they certainly don't want to *share the server bandwidth* with the general public!  They would literally have to *alter how they run their business* when average consumers are on a shopping spree.  Are you kidding me?  This is what Blockstream's business model is for.


I ask for something tangible and you respond with the same vague nonsense that is the crumbling foundation of your entire argument.
@_date: 2017-03-04 03:01:26


Says the guy who does *exactly* the same thing when discussing developers.
@_date: 2017-03-01 16:29:08
Bitcoin was literally barely being used when this video was made.  There are a ton of scaling options in development that make Bitcoin the currency have options for multiple decentralized layers for payment processing.  The base transaction type will never be able to handle millions of users daily transactions individually.  And it is slow in doing so anyway, it makes far more since to have Bitcoin be the secure, decentralized arbiter for second layer options with the goal of solidifying the immutability and security of new technologies on top of the current system.
Edit: in short, we *will* get back to that, with even faster and more secure payments.
@_date: 2017-03-14 03:04:48
Volatility is not something we get because people talk about it or want it to happen.  People claiming it is good to have volatility or that there is so much money to be made will not actually *create* any volatility.  When the market becomes robust, when arbitrage becomes easier, when volumes and the size of the economy grow to significant levels, volatility will disappear irrespective of how many people talk about it.  The mentality makes people look immature maybe, but IMO it isn't "bad for Bitcoin." 
That being said, it is always important to not become an echo chamber and taking a step back to get a realistic view of whats going on is critical.  So upvoted anyway :)
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:02:23
0-conf might have risks but they seem to remain smaller than nearly all current alternatives.  For smaller payments the risk is negligible. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:16:30
Their current actions do no such thing.  It actually shows how stubbornly they value decentralization in the core rule consensus and they have also been completely consistent in their decisions.  You can *disagree* all you want, but to go from "I don't agree with them" to "BANK TAKEOVER, CORRUPTION, CIA CONTROLLED" is such a monumental and nonsensical leap that your default fallback to that assumption is quite revealing.
@_date: 2017-03-01 17:34:17
Why doesn't VISA just run their transaction processing on a desktop computer then?  
Edit: change word choice to make it harder to avoid the obvious point of my comment.
@_date: 2016-01-16 03:34:18
I get the tiresome response to the endless "cheap coins" posts but i highly doubt there are many people here "shitting their pants."  Unless of course they haven't been here for very long.  A lot of us watched it fall for an entire year from $1,000 to less than $200 and sit there for months.  This is nothing special....
And some of us are buying all these cheap coins ;)
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:42:35
In a country where the government has spent a century making medical care "cheap" and the exact opposite occurs, where something close to 70% of every dollar spent on medical care is controlled by government... you think this is a free market in healthcare?  
@_date: 2016-01-26 17:22:58
Thanks, I'll check it out tonight.
@_date: 2016-01-12 19:36:07
I agree with Amir regarding the Tor censorship built into XT but I still support larger blocks.  I like the XT recipe for block scaling is a decent solution (even though Bitcoin Unlimited is better IMO).  But I don't want any of the blacklisting and Tor IP censorship built into XT.  Not only will it do nothing to prevent DoS attacks because it can easily be routed around, but the consequences of having censorship built in for whatever excuse is dangerous and foolish.
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:55:10
Probably referring to ransomware... albeit *getting* one of the ransomware viruses has absolutely nothing to do with bitcoin.  It does require you to pay it with bitcoin, however.
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:15:28
That makes sense, but it all still seems to incentivize a categorization of Bitcoin and development push toward a settlement network only.  Why would this be preferrable to an open, inexpensive, and secure internet payment method?  This seems to cause problems for what seem to be Bitcoins best use cases.  OpenBazaar coming specifically to mind.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:29:22
**Bitcoin XT:** increase blocksize to 8Mb, then have a steady doubling every 2 years to 16mb, 32mb, and so on until 8Gb in like the 2030s or something. (at one point I think it started at 20mb, one of Gavin's early proposals) Promoted by Gavin Andressen and Mike Hearn.  Controversy because it also adds other changes like blacklisting of certain Tor IP addresses (DDoS prevention) which many, myself included, find dangerous.
**BIP101:** essentially the same thing as BitcoinXT regarding blocksize. [edit: ok so Bitcoin XT is apparently just the implementation of BIP101]
There is a third that varies using this increase model but was less intense.  
**BIP100:**  Allow miners to collectively vote on the block-size limit. Designed by Jeff Garzik I believe.
**Bitcoin Core:** 1mb with later increase using Segregated witness with separates signatures from transaction data into a kind of 2 chain system.  This makes transactions have smaller size, and thereby effectively increasing the blocksize to include more transactions. 
**Bitcoin Unlimited:** (my favorite) No blocksize, size of acceptable blocks determined by miners and nodes accepting them.  Meaning if a majority of miners cannot handle large blocks, they can effectively limit it to 4mb or something else.
**Bitcoin Classic:** Immediate change to 2mb, nothing else touched, we will find something better later.
**Bitcoin Core + Lightning:** 1Mb is fine, we can use sidechains and the lightning network to scale transaction rate.  Supported by a few core devs and Blockstream company.  Considered good for decentralization by them and some others.
There are a few others I'm sure I've missed, I go scour to refresh my memory and edit this comment to include them.  Chinese miners basically agreed to 8mb increase, and there were other proposals I believe never given official names.  This is a decent summary though.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:28:03
That's reasonable.  Although average block size is a dangerous stat sometimes.  There are times of the day that I've seen greater than 900Kb blocks for a full hour, which if you watch based on the miner, some have clearly max sizes of 912, one is right around 925 and so on.  You will see those sizes over and over.  While it doesn't mean blocks are full all the time, it is important to account for when the network is bogged down.  I think of it like traffic. It might be fine at 2:00am but any plans for roadwork and highways must account for what traffic is like at rush hour.
That aside, you are correct that we do not have consistently full blocks throughout the day and 60% is roughly the average.
@_date: 2016-01-26 13:31:38
'Twas my first, could definitely use some coherence in color and style.  More worried about getting it done than anything and I was trying to edit a default template on a service I'd never used. I kind of agree though, it's certainly not the prettiest work I've ever done.
@_date: 2017-03-11 15:56:08
I think the estimated example were actually 2 inputs to 3 outputs and not 1 to 3.  The other reason the witness is discounted is specifically because it only has to be validated once and then can be dropped entirely by most confirming nodes on the network. 
I've got the information I was referring to in an enormous list of bookmarks on my home desktop regarding Segwit.  I'll find it tonight and respond.  At work right now and don't have the time to go hunting for it.
@_date: 2017-03-11 14:41:03
It's not simply to "promote the use of Segwit" it is to align the resource cost of verifying and storing the transaction with the TX fee.
The entire list of valid outputs has to be stored by every node, including SPV nodes on the network.  So a transaction that creates more outputs, for a few reasons, costs more resources than one that has fewer.  Right now a TX that spends from 2 inputs to 3 outputs costs less in fees than one that spends 3 inputs to two outputs.  Which you mention below, inputs are larger than outputs which incentivizes having more outputs and fewer inputs despite being more costly to the entire network.  SegWit attempts to rebalance this by making fees measured using "weight" which accounts for the reduction or increase in the UTXO set (all valid outputs) and therefore incentivizes transactions that do not bloat he blockchain.
It also has the nice side effect of most likely making TumbleBit cheaper than a basic transaction :)
**edit:** definitely said it backwards, makes the argument confusing, changed back to the 2 to 3 example and corrected.
@_date: 2017-03-10 02:06:25
This is a simple explanation but it's worse than that.  Let's say 45% sets EB to 2MB, 30% to 4MB, and 25% to 8MB.
Now a malicious miner with 3% of the hash power (was signaling 8MB) mines a 3MB block.  Assuming default AD of four bloacks, 45% of the network fails to stop the block from inclusion and orphans 4 blocks.  Now their "sticky gates" are hit and therefore completely open for 144 blocks... 
*Now* the miner mines a 6MB block, which is immediately accepted by the 15% signaling for 8, *as well as* the 45% who no longer have a vote since their gates were hit.  After 4 blocks it is integrated again...
Now *again* the attacker has *another opening* as a full 75% of the network hash rate will have their "sticky gates" wide open.  *Now* this attacker mines a 1GB block full of the most computationally intensive transactions and hashes he can muster.  Let's be nice and say it takes a little over one day to validate and download the block.  The entire network grinds to a halt as it is *automatically* accepted by a 75% majority thanks to a **single** miner with just enough hash power to reasonably expect 2+ blocks out of every 144.   
I want to hear a solid technical argument as to why this *wont* happen.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:36:41
Yes it absolutely will.  You can't just assume it will work.  You have to assume someone *will* attack it, think about the best way to do so, and then see how the system responds.  We are doing a full podcast on it probably next week but no idea when it will be released.  I'll let you know so you can listen if you want.  
I've done a ton of reading about Segwit, lightning network (probably read half of everything out there), and Bitcoin Unlimited.  I originally started digging as a BU supporter and very interested.  The system is crap though and you scenario is *literally* best case, and you either fail to mention or do not realize that 45% of the network will orphan (**if** set to *defaults*, could be far worse) a chain of 4 blocks.  Rather than growing on top of the years of work the Core Devs have done to bring a *massive* drop in orphaned blocks, thereby making one confirmation more and more secure, you casually support a system that **by default** would immediately orphan 4 confirmations in a scenario that *you present as desirable*?
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:20:34
Their customer support is indeed very slow, I can attest to that.
@_date: 2017-03-06 16:32:16
Blockstream is not at all "owned" by a bank.  It received investment funding from a large number of institutions, multiple investment and venture capital groups, and a significant number of large competing banks.  
These companies all *invested,* they did not *purchase* the company and most did so through the venture capital firms and their partnerships.  Which means most of these banks probably invested without specific goals, just as a means of spreading venture capital into a variety of promising new tech and rolling the dice.
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:23:20
Yeah i guess you are right.  I figure there might at least be some people running BU nodes that might see this.  Maybe it's not for nothing.
@_date: 2017-03-12 20:00:29
Thanks for reminding me not to feed the trolls.  Just downvote and move on.  
@_date: 2017-03-03 18:51:11
If it can obtain the network accessibility, security, and decentralization of Bitcoin while simultaneously providing vastly higher transaction volume at little to no cost... then yeah they probably will.  But I don't see any altcoin or otherwise that could pull this off, so I'm not worried.  In addition, there are so many layered solutions in the pipeline that keep Bitcoin secure and decentralized but make it possible to have insanely cheap and instant transactions to staggering volumes that the window for those alternatives to pull off such a feat is very small.  
@_date: 2017-03-13 14:59:12
I think its less to do with the inflation rate (since that has been infinite the whole time) and more to do with the development community.  Vitalik and the majority of the developers and community switched over to the new Ethereum.  I think the same will happen with Bitcoin if it comes to a HF, there will be a clear winner in regards of support from the community, exchanges, services, and nodes.
@_date: 2017-03-03 19:28:50
Just saying, I really like multibit HD.  If you have another wallet that makes it really simple to switch between like 15-20 wallets I'd like to hear it actually.  Always interested in trying other software and it's been a while since adventuring into other wallets.  But for a long while that functionality wasn't available with the other man competitors.  Might not be the case now.
@_date: 2017-03-03 17:45:44
My argument was in response to your ridiculous comment that a desktop computer can handle VISA level transactions.  That's quite the goal post moving to claim my use of *your own premise* somehow makes my argument incorrect.  All it does is prove that your premise was ridiculous, which was exactly my point in making the comment.  
So yes I agree and was specifically making the argument that your suggestion that a desktop computer can easily handle that much transaction throughput and should be considered a reason why bigger blocks are fine is completely absurd and accounts for *none* of the real technical challenges of accomplishing this on the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2016-01-24 17:29:35
VERY EXCITE good NEWS!
@_date: 2016-01-18 01:22:47
quoted from u/jensuth




I thought this was a great way of putting it.  I do support the hard fork to Bitcoin classic however.
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:13:36
If you think you get to just make up some contract where the core devs get sued for not bowing to the banks then *you* are delusional.  You are so shockingly sucked into the "big business = culmination of evil" mindset, (which is of course a *direct* contradiction to the "miners will act in self-interest therefore they can be trusted with power" argument) that you literally cannot think sensibly.  
Find a contract that says anything so ridiculous.  Find evidence that the core developers are being forced to do something their ideals don't align with.  Show me anytime in their past that they have done this as well.  If all you can do is attack the reputations and trustworthiness of the developers writing code, because you have no solid technical argument, then don't come here and claim a post about a developers history and reputation is somehow "not relevant" when you and many like you are the ones who bring it up in every other comment.
@_date: 2017-03-08 20:52:10
To this guy, any technology that alters the current struture of authority/influence in the financial industry would be "against the law."  This exact sentiment also happens to be the same reason none of our massive misallocations will be fixed from *within* the current system.
@_date: 2017-03-04 14:01:04
This has nothing to do with my argument.  
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:21:11


Really?  Do you have a source for this because I didn't know that.
@_date: 2016-01-06 03:37:49
True, that I can understand.  But is this really the safest solution?  Wouldn't clearing backlogs more often assist in this?  Just being able to see current average fees on transactions included in the first/second/third block after signing would make a big difference here would it not?  Isn't that a simpler solution to what is largely a problem with lack of information?
@_date: 2016-01-25 19:41:36
I'm aware of this, what work is being done to help secure 0-conf so that bitcoin has secure and fast transactions?
@_date: 2016-01-24 04:24:46
I'm sorry, but who ever sold free markets under the ridiculous idea that nobody would steal things?
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:57:44
It's real nice to have sources of authority in Bitcoin isn't it?  Wouldn't it be even better to give them the authority to decide resource limitations required for securing the network?  I bet there would never be bad consequences of such a change to the game theory.  /s
 
Nodes *absolutely* matter and a critical part of the security and checks on the enforced rule set.  If you think they are irrelevant, then you don't fully understand Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:28:37
Well no shit... I can, at times, understand disagreeing with Core's arguments, but the nonsense some believe that they are "purposefully killing Bitcoin" has to come with the most serious pair of blinders and might even include a large bucket of sand for putting heads in.
The fact that they keep implementing Core code is further proof that no matter what the haters say, core is releasing code that makes Bitcoin work better.  Otherwise, what other possible excuse would developers who *openly denounce the core devs* have for using code from those same people?
@_date: 2017-03-02 14:25:55
Spamming? How does repetitively sending automated messages to possibly 200,000+ people not constitute spam?  There are *extremely clear* rules about spamming... are you not aware of this?
Edit: sorry for the tone if this really was an "honest question."
@_date: 2016-01-25 00:20:18
Why not?  The logic of this is that when someone finds a block it contains transactions that nearly every node has in its mempool.  Yet each node still downloads the whole block, which means they are downloading those transactions again.  Thinblocks suggests you can download the header, a hash, and a bloom filter and rebuild the same block using the transactions from your mempool and then download only those that you do not already have.  In their tests they show this to be anywhere between 40-100x more efficient in terms of bandwidth.  Obviously, real world use will probably have different results, but this shows incredible potential either way.
So by what understanding are you claiming that bandwidth reduction below 50% is not possible?  It seems that this suggests otherwise.
@_date: 2017-03-20 20:13:34
I think growing to accommodate more users is a sensible approach to development of the network.  It has been the case in every other network technology to date.  What argument do you have that the assumption is, in fact, unimportant or unfounded?
@_date: 2017-03-20 14:21:59
Oh yeah, because the same certainly couldn't be said about the group who wants a HF at all costs, drastically change the game theory and power distribution if the entire system, and openly plan the many ways they can crash, flood, and attack the core chain after the split.  
I laugh a little inside whenever I hear the BU team drop the nonsense that they want the "free market" to determine the blocksize after they write about how to kill the core chain.  
@_date: 2017-03-01 20:01:25
How easily you completely contradict yourself in the same sentence.  Is a blocksize HF to 1.2 MB also not a scaling solution?  
SegWit enables *many* scaling solutions as well as being an increase in transaction throughout itself.  If that's not "scaling" to you then we aren't speaking the same language.
@_date: 2017-03-17 02:04:14
It's also *far* more illiquid.  $1M in Bitcoin buys barely moves the price, $1M in Ethereum buys causes a massive price swing.
@_date: 2017-03-25 04:28:35
So if I believe the Bilderberg conspiracy, and then believe the Blockstream conspiracy, then equate that all core devs are Blockstream, and then that Blockstream controls r/Bitcoin and bitcoin related social networks, and then believe that the difference between r/btc and r/bitcoin searching for conspiracy theories is about censorship and not the fact that the whole of r/btc believes and talks about all of the aforementioned conspiracies... I'll then have an idea of what you believe?
@_date: 2016-06-04 18:23:34
Where a regular graph might mark increases on the vertical in increments of 10 (10, 20, 30, so on), a logarithmic graph moves in *powers* of 10 (10, 100, 1000, so on).  Why is this needed? In order to see detail and understanding from something that grows rapidly. 
Quick example:






@_date: 2017-03-03 18:12:12
The whole thread is arguing semantics about "infinite" transactions instead of the true point of "infinite demand."
People will always *want transactions to be cheaper*.  That will *never* go away.  If they drop back to free after a 4MB hard fork, people will be pissed when a week later they are back to $0.05 as thousands of transactions not as time sensitive or really important that had previously been delayed or performed with alternatives get shoved back into the blockchain.   
People bitched about 5% fees when buying bitcoin, and when Circle had zero fees they railed about how crappy Coinbase was for charging 1%.   People bitch about $500 to fly across the country in a few hours.  People are *never* satisfied by having to pay for things.  They get used to a standard, and then any increase whatsoever from that norm is "unacceptable."  
In other words, the demand for cheaper transactions is infinite.  
"The first lesson of economics is scarcity.  There is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it.  The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics."  - Henry Hazlitt
@_date: 2016-06-22 14:51:47
You just keep saying that I sound crazy rather than answering the question.  I imagine it probably makes you uncomfortable.
Does the government respond with violence or not if I refuse to pay for even one of their services?  Don't dodge the question with some nonsense "society is more important than *your* political views but not mine" BS.  Whether their actions are violent or not isn't a political view.  And the fact that you can neither say yes or no and simply avoid it repeatedly suggests you are fully aware that you cannot honestly answer "no."
Here's my answer to the ridiculous logical leap of taxes = society
@_date: 2016-06-17 17:19:18
Except that Segwit isn't simply for an increase in volume.  As others have said it fixes multiple problems but most importantly it is needed to assist in building higher layers and greater functionality into the blockchain.  By separating the signatures you eliminate many limitations of scripting.
Much of the problem is looking at the problem as if number of transactions is all and everything that needs to be considered.  There are many many things to consider.  Segwit *would* be a complex way to increase capacity if that was the only concern.  But it isn't the only concern and Segwit was not initially proposed to solve that issue.  More transactions was simply a consequence of how it treated signatures.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:54:42
No answer to what?
@_date: 2017-01-11 14:14:34
Yes!  I think that's a fantastic idea.  I will gladly be a test subject if you need one :)
@_date: 2017-01-14 04:34:10
It is a bad call if you are planning on using it or selling in a short time period.  
If you are planning for long term hodl, it is a bad call to look at the price at all ;)
@_date: 2016-06-20 04:09:00
I completely agree, my issue has nothing to do with loans.  It has to do with loaning capital that doesn't exist.  Also, loans can easily exist with Bitcoin.  Why would a loan not be possible?  The only difference is that the loans would be made at a *real* price instead of one manipulated by a central bank.  
Running a fractional reserve system as the foundation of a massive financial industry will have no different an outcome to doing one at the level of MtGox. 
Not to mention it creates massive artificial pressures on the interest rate, which is *the price of using resources today rather than in the future.* It is arguably the most important indicator in the economy.  Manipulating the interest rate is *exactly* what causes bubbles, depressions, and huge imbalances in the economy.  


Well yeah of course they do.
But did you ever wonder why the industries funded by the most debt; think housing, medical, cars, higher education; all result in inflation rates that dwarf other industries?  
**TL;DR**  Manipulating interest rates to cheapen debt and encourage loans creates a culture of debt.  It encourages frivolous spending, disconnects the understanding of value from money, discourages saving and frugality, and encourages waste and excess.  It changes the environment of economic interaction.  Humans *are* a product of their environment.  The first world is run on loans because of the monetary system and not the other way around. 
@_date: 2016-06-11 16:34:50
Government cannot make economic calculation without a market to piggy back.  Nothing done by forced funding can be objectively measured in economic terms.  Not to mention you cannot measure the success of a private industry where the market is heavily influenced or manipulated by government.  Higher education and medical are great example.  Many people would look at pure numbers and say government college is better, and government medical is cheaper.  Yet never take into account what happens if you grant a monopoly to the AMA in medical licensing and encourage, subsidize, and create regulatory attachments between the job market and medical insurance.  Did you know that before the AMA was granted a government privilege to create licensing that medical prices were consistently falling?  
No one stops to think of the horrible consequences of subsidizing trillions of school debt with price fixed interest and newly created, unbacked loans.  No one stops to think how quadrupling the size of a customer base in higher education with debt of which the value is not understood could affect a massive increase in shitty high priced schools that neither care, nor are even focused on real education.  Forced funding and economic dictates constantly manipulate and create easy ways to make massive amounts of money off the ill-informed and hopelessly naive, then the market takes advantage of these obvious manipulations and people act surprised.  Not to mention the massive, foundational and cultural effects of a debt based issuance of money into the economy.  This is a scam on unprecedented levels and government has legalized, monopolized, and legitimized it.  There is no comparison to a private or free market you can make in our society today because absolutely nothing has gone untouched by the insane corruption of debt based, price fixed, massively manipulated money.  Simply put you have no free market for comparison, so you cannot even remotely make a claim of that nature.
There is nothing the government does better than normal people because the same fucking people, both good and evil, make up both environments.  The *only* significant difference between the two is whether or not the customer is violently controlled if they attempt to use a competing service.  That is not a straw man argument.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:21:44
How dare Bitmain make any accusation or claim of Blockstream regarding patents and the attempt to monopolize the bitcoin market or industry when *this* is how *they* behave.  Honestly I'm embarrassed for them.  I'm done thinking they are merely ignorant and stubborn.  They are crooks and scam artists and nothing else.  If this is true, their actions *prove* this.
@_date: 2016-06-04 03:49:01
I exhaled quickly through my nose.  Upvote :)
@_date: 2016-06-19 06:38:02
loans issued as new currency and incentivized and made possible only because of a monopolized and nationalized fractional reserve system.  
Loans only run the first world because new money is issued into existence *as loans.*  This is not the case with Bitcoin.  And therefore with bitcoin, this would no longer be true.
@_date: 2016-06-17 17:30:02
I think he means in the sense that something else cannot do the job.  As he is building a machine-to-machine payment network I imagine it has to do with the computational renting maybe.  Either way my first thought is that he is referring to a service that you simply cannot build with the current financial system.  Whereas most of bitcoins current uses are not specific to Bitcoin.  Gambling, buying drugs, tipping, mobile wallets, speculation, hedge, so on. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 13:54:28
1. We have no idea if Andreas was the first to explain it this way.  "the Internet of Money" has been around for a long time and I've heard many people say it.
2. If someone has a good way to explain it, Absolutely *yes*, take it and reuse it.  God forbid if we start having copyright law regarding specific ways of explaining things and clever analogies.
3. It *is* a great way to think of it.  The last thing we want is to discourage a simple explanation that can begin to make people understand the potential of the technology.
4. *really?*
@_date: 2017-01-13 15:11:13
Well here in the US we had active regulation and multiple institutions pushing for loans to be made to people with specifically bad credit, there have been quotas for how many loans had to be made for homes in poorer areas, there were specific loopholes ushered in by regulatory agencies at the request of the larger banks and financial institutions (another clear sign they should be shutdown), and there were government funded institutions buying many of the worst loans which exploded the market for terrible loans, as the banks didn't have to hold them, they could just sell them to the government.
@_date: 2017-01-11 14:15:39
I think Mycelium has a good system.  They make you type in your mnemonic every 20 or so days as proof of backup.
@_date: 2016-06-11 00:16:07
Would you expect Wal-Mart to have better service and a better selection if they charged you $500 at the beginning of every month whether you wanted to shop there or not?  
@_date: 2016-06-10 12:09:14
I don't think you are understanding his meaning.  The Lightning network is something that increases the usefulness and betters the cash characteristics of Bitcoin.  And it will very likely be implemented into wallets. So as he said "one shouldn't view (it) as a standalone thing."
Unless you think the Lightning network itself is "a horrible idea."  And in that case then I have no interest in debating.
@_date: 2016-06-11 20:40:56
So are you suggesting that i am not acted toward with violence if I refuse to pay for a service from government I do not want or agree with?  Let's say I don't want to pay the full half of my taxes that fund killing people in other countries.  what actions would the government take if I did?
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:26:22
I've become more accepting of the Core roadmap the more I've learned about it.  The debate I've shown here is largely focused on whether or not the blocksize would be increased and starting out I was far more in favor of larger blocks than i am now.  I still don't agree with the FUD that suggests the unbelievable danger with increasing the blocksize even though I do not feel its as imperative as I initially thought.  
I am skeptical of not increasing the blocksize at all however, and I don't like the reliance on the lightning network as the only sizable long term transaction scaling solution.  That being said, I have yet to fully commit to any specific proposal despite being critical of some of them.  I am not an XT supporter either to clarify.  The Tor blacklisting is a deal breaker.  My biggest point of contention with Core is RBF.  That I simply don't like.  But I intend to do a fair breakdown of the Core proposal for my own sake of having a better understanding of it if not for others in the community as well.  I hope to finish it with a better trust in the design. 
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:18:26
With more people continuously connected to mining pools than pretty much any other nodes on the Bitcoin network, with them paying out fees to individual miners with every block, with the massive amount of volume that mining pools go through, and the utter simplicity of setting up channels - a trivial task after the hardware and software complexities of running a pool and/or huge mining operation...  How on earth do you not see that miners are the absolute best case scenarios for highly connected LN nodes currently existing on the network?
If you think pools and miners aren't going to become the very first LN nodes, then you have very little imagination.  Seriously, it's open source and freely available software, who is going to stop them?  
@_date: 2016-01-25 01:03:56
I was referring specifically to bandwidth regarding block propagation, so that makes sense.  In the grand scheme 50% is max (if all nodes have the same TXs), but the issue with larger blocks is the orphan rate when a block is found and then downloaded.  This specifically mitigates the bandwidth *for propagation time* significantly more than 50%.  But overall you are still clearly downloading all of the transactions, you just aren't causing higher orphan risk because, as you said, 


@_date: 2017-01-24 13:56:26
You think BU isn't a redesign?  O.o
@_date: 2016-06-04 17:16:05
Your completely misunderstanding the problem that most libertarians have then.  Yeah there are some who think any company with more than 6 zeroes in their valuation = evil.  But those people are morons.  The value of Bitcoin has nothing to do with destroying the existence of banks.  The financial system and banking in general actually serves an enormously important service.  
The value of Bitcoin is in removing the political control of the currency supply, the censorship and exclusion of a permissioned system, the gross abuse of the legal right to counterfeit, and the endless corruption funded by these characteristics of old money.
TL;DR I could give a shit if JP Morgan stays in business or runs Coinbase.  Coinbase cannot censor my Bitcoin transactions, they cannot issue bitcoins into existence, and they cannot exclude me from taking my Bitcoin elsewhere if I want or even need a "Bitcoin bank." So yeah, Bitcoin does "save me from the shackles of banksters."
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:56:58
Practically no one could deposit BCH/BCC anywhere just because of required number of blocks and the multi-hour block times.
Obviously, you are right though, the cause of the price difference is the massive separation between different markets/exchanges.  From no deposits, slow blocks, high confirmations for deposits, slow withdrawals, and barely a handful of exchanges supporting the currency.  
It is just crazy that the variance was *200-300%.*
@_date: 2017-01-14 04:32:00
I'm kind of indifferent to the new logo but i can say that I like yours better with the separation.
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:38:27
Absolutely!  I can and do bring things up when there are recurring issues and any CSR who actually is worth their pay knows not to take it personally and doesn't.  But that doesn't mean that dealing with it is stress free just because you don't take it personally.  When someone spends their whole day getting demeaned, cursed at, blamed, and insulted, their night is still going to be shit, and they will be mentally exhausted and on edge.  It's not good for home life.
When you get the opportunity, thank them and let them understand that you know they are just trying to help.  Also, you should *ask* is there is any survey to fill out both specifically for them, and then one to alert management to the issues that are occurring.  Most companies will have them and follow up on it.  
@_date: 2017-01-31 20:40:31
Except there would be rather obvious manipulation of these numbers if they were "fake".  We have seen in the past when a large number of nodes hit the network in a short time span that suggest cloud service nodes funded by large parties.  I think Bitcoin Classic used this tactic if I remember correctly.  Funny enough, when the implementation began to look like it had a bleak outlook for adoption, the huge number of nodes vanished just as quickly, the cost clearly seen as a waste after that point.
Here, we have had a very different situation.  We have nodes that are already present on the network upgrading to the Segwit client, showing that many who have already been supporting the network see Segwit as a desirable upgrade.  And in addition, new nodes gradually coming online to suggest that those who desire Segwit are setting up nodes to show their support.  
If you can point to a strange increase in node count that suggests manipulation, then certainly I would have to consider it.  But from what I've observed it seems like an excuse without backing to not use the numbers *because* of the story they tell.
Edit: just to be clear, as a rule of thumb, yes, node count is not a supremely reliable measurement as we have seen.  That doesn't however, make it an entirely *useless* indicator either.  There is very important information to be gleaned from the high node support for Segwit.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:22:02
To find out who has all the wealth.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 17:23:39
Market and processor density has reached a point where that simply isn't the case anymore.  The network will very likely have more hashing power when this project is finished, but we will never see the kind of 100x increases like we did when the first, second, and third gen ASICs hit the market.
You would have been right maybe 2-3 years ago though.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:09:55
Exactly.  It is inaccurate from a technical standpoint, but is conceptually reasonable.
It would be similar to me saying Bitcoin is a BitTorrent network with POW secured transactions.  *Technically* that's an absolutely absurd statement, but *conceptually* it does a decent job of explaining what Bitcoin is.  
@_date: 2016-06-03 01:46:51
That's awesome!  Double awesome for the quote about Douglass.  
"“Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.”
― Frederick Douglass
send $10
@_date: 2017-01-18 22:22:30
True, but it's not as if we saw some artificial spike that was linked to running a ton of nodes on data centers like we have seen in the past.  
I'm curious if there is any other data to suggest this.  Because from what I've seen it appears as if the majority of users who choose to support the network are segwit supporting and have simply updated their clients.  There has been a small uptick in number of nodes, but nothing at all that would suggest a concerted effort by a small group to manipulate the appearance of support. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:15:01
I would argue its the largest barrier in the scaling problem.  Bandwidth to process transactions in the resource cost of maintaining a node.  The time and resources in order to setup a node are critical to the consequences of scaling.  Devs cannot ignore an obvious cost that grows indefinitely in relation to the blocksize.  What we want is to maintain a blockchain that can be easily and quickly verified by anyone.  To ignore initial sync would be to ignore the cost of building your store when evaluating the ROI of your business.
As far as the data, most of what you noted I am aware of.  It is much appreciated detailing it out but what I was hoping and have been looking for is a way to *measure* the activity my computer is engaged in.  Do you know of a way to single out and "record" the CPU/Bandwidth usage of a single program?  
The scaling problem is a weakest link problem.  You cannot look at average bandwidth in isolation and say that everything is fine.  It is irrelevant to the issue exactly *why* it took 3 days to sync and validate.  The issue is that it *does* and that makes it a significant barrier to the "more users will mean everyone sets up more nodes" argument.  Which I think is a naive and uninformed position.  An increasingly larger blocksize will make the initial sync such a headache in a relatively short time as to essentially put an end to the idea of a basic user validating the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-03-30 13:47:38
I think this pump might have more to do with Coinbase possibly adding it to their service.  Then again, maybe F2Pool is ready to start signalling SegWit and someone is trying to prepare for a pump and dump.
@_date: 2017-01-11 18:27:41
Why does that bother you?  It appears to be once a month and I think it stops after you've done it like 3 times because it hasn't happened in a long time.  
@_date: 2017-01-13 19:39:17
Customer support is the most thankless job on the planet.  The long list of assumptions that come every time a transaction doesn't go through properly is pretty obnoxious.  
Clearly, they had problems during the boom.  I had an order that I just had to wait 2.5 weeks to go through.  However, support responded quickly when I inquired and let me know they had banking delays for a number of days that resulted in a large backlog.  
My transaction finally went through today.  As someone who works for a company a *lot* of people hate, I'll let you know that you look like a fool when you say things like &gt;Is your customer service just for PR or do you actually intend to serve your customers as you are supposed to?
This is not u/gdax-rosie 's fault.  It is not her company, she did not cancel this transaction, she did not cause the problem.  If you *ever* want help, do not treat the person who **is** trying to help like a piece of shit and blame them for your trouble, because no matter how understanding and patient they are, treating them like an asshole will *not* get you their best service.  As it *should* be. Venting is one thing, blaming someone completely unrelated to the problem is something else entirely.
@_date: 2016-06-24 19:02:37
please explain how this is a circle-jerk.  Because I don't think you know what that word means.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:35:01
No video of Tarkin to render from.  The face2face thing is composite from other video it seems.  Tarkin is straight up CG.
Edit: also, I was pretty damn amazed at how good it looked honestly.  After his first appearance I hadn't immediately realized, though I noticed something a bit off.  Usually CG faces are stupidly fake, particularly when put next to a real person.  We've come a very long way imo.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:34:02
The problem of scaling and security is a "weakest link" problem. In other words, barriers to running a node are barriers irrespective of whether it's bandwidth or some other constraint that exists.  


The whole idea is to measure the constraints of running a full node to have some idea of what increasing the blocksize *would* do to the difficulty of running and maintaining one.  
@_date: 2017-01-13 05:15:09
I disagree.  It makes a huge difference for me personally and it makes sense that others would to.  As we've seen in the past, purchases in Bitcoin happen with very high volume when the price is climbing, and hardly at all when the price dips.  This is referred to as "the wealth effect" and is easily summed up by "holy crap I just made a lot of money on the bitcoin price bubble, I'm gonna take that trip to Europe I've been wanting for a few years."  Trying to get $2000 out of bitcoin, into a bank account, and then toward a plane ticket and place to stay is a real pain in the ass.  However, if Expedia, Cheapair.com, and AirBnB all accept Bitcoin, it becomes an incredibly simple process and is very beneficial to both the service (who gets access to a small, but high savings demographic) and the customer (who gets quick simple purchases straight from their hodlings).
I can tell you this because I am really hoping they implement bitcoin.  I purchased plane tickets for my wife's Christmas present so we could take a week vacation thanks to Cheapair.com and would really appreciate the simplicity of just being able to spend bitcoin at AirBnB.  Moving $1000 or more into and out of bitcoin just to buy something is slow, expensive, and annoying.
@_date: 2017-01-24 15:39:57
By what possible logic is a 95% activated soft fork going to "not be clean?"  What does that even mean.  Segwit has been working great on testnet for a *very* long time.  "Unclean" is such an arbitrarily vague claim.  
You are right that 2mb isn't going to last forever, which is why there are so many *other* solutions with even more benefits being actively worked on as we speak.
And how would BU possibly be better?  Because it suddenly means 51% of the miners can dictate the blocksize and push small nodes and less funded miners off the network through free transaction bloat?  Because it encourages the making of empty blocks as the blocksize creates additional latency in propagation?  Because the "flagging for blocksize" system has really silly incentives and gives even more control to the miners.  The more details I get on BU, the more worrisome it is to me.  I would much rather have a HF to a set, predictable percentage increase.  There was a 17% yearly increase proposal I saw not too far back which makes good sense.  The BU system is very poorly thought out IMO
@_date: 2017-01-10 18:00:52
I understand you are being sarcastic, and obviously the claim of CGI is ridiculous.  That being said, hiring look-alikes for those in high political positions is not only plausible, but something that many governments have been doing for a very long time.  Obviously it is a tall claim because someone has to desperately want him removed and discredited.   but there is nothing that makes such a thing improbable to pull off.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:21:41
What did he say?  I can't watch it yet.  And it would be rather arrogant and stupid of him to bash Bitcoin considering it was the only reason Wikileaks didn't crumble when government shutdown access to all of their funds.  He specifically said in the past that without Bitcoin they couldn't have survived.  If he made a negative comment regarding Bitcoin, that's a tad suspicious.
@_date: 2017-01-23 19:31:18
Yes, scarcity is a parameter, not a necessary result of the system's engineering.  But while the trustless consensus, PoW, and peer-to-peer nature of it would remain, I think the perception of those mechanisms being able to sustain a safe and secure monetary system would be *seriously* brought into question.  
Scarcity is not a fundamental property of distributed ledgers and PoW based trustless consensus, *but* it *is* an absolutely critical property of secure, sustainable money.
edit: word choice
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:10:17
Obviously, but I was not in sound mind at the time.  Since then I have studied furiously both Bitcoin and trading in general.  I have profited from many bubbles in Bitcoin and alt coins since, but I don't risk much.  I'm a hodler.  I could always *make more* if I did a bunch of trading but it's not worth it to me.  
Also... I *did* buy more at $2.  I've been buying ever since, and also spending and trading and so on.  But always buying.
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:17:07


No you don't, and no it isn't.  You are a fool if you actually behave this way and honestly should be ashamed.  You can vent without being an asshole, you can make something known with accusing someone who was uninvolved like a moron.  
The CS person does not *have* to help you, and *no one* will feel sorry for you.  The support rep is *not* "the company."  If you cannot control yourself like an adult, explain the problem, and be respectful, you will get *bad* customer service every time and frankly, it's exactly what you deserve.
@_date: 2017-01-04 16:00:40
It's actually one of the most technically accurate ways of explaining it.  The internet was born due to a decentralized protocol for communication and millions of different applications, an enormous infrastructure, hundreds of thousands of businesses, and billions of software applications were all designed to take advantage of that protocol.  
Bitcoin is the first decentralized and open protocol for exchanging value.  It is a foundation for exchanging literally any digital value, contract, money, ownership, lease, and on and on.  There will be thousands if not millions of use cases to be built on top of Bitcoin.  It genuinely is a protocol for value in almost exactly the same way the internet is a protocol for communication.
There is literally nothing that I can think of that exists that is more closely analogous to Bitcoin's potential than the internet itself.  If you think it sounds corny, that's fine.  But it is rather accurate as analogies go.
@_date: 2017-01-19 00:18:40
Surprised that Austria has never had a law firm before now, but it certainly sets a good precedent if the first one is already on board with Bitcoin :)
@_date: 2017-01-24 15:13:02


i think you severely misunderstand how logic works.  I suggested you needed evidence for that claim.  If I made that claim about someone being a murderer without evidence, would it make since for someone to say "well then no one is ever a murderer if you think we have to have evidence!?" 
Second, your evidence that Frogocalypse disagrees 8 hours a day is far more indicative of them not having a life, or maybe dodging their office work all day, or dodging their middle school busy work, or a thousand other possibilities.  To immediately leap like a glorious steed across the endless other options and land on "My Enemies have Paid them!" Call me skeptical. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 13:24:28
Um... no.  Wait for it to settle.  We have no idea what the new norm will be yet.  Probably around $900 but there is no point in trying to catch a falling knife.  Wait for it to stop first.
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:45:42
I don't use their service.  I was simply trying to bring it to people's attention as I've seen a lot of other people promoting it. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 01:22:04
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:08:54
I like this proposal.  Shall we call it BIP808?
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:54:04
You must realize, money isn't a resource because prices adjust.  Money is a medium.  You can't have your cake and eat it to regarding the deflation argument.
Your claim is that if the value of money increase then people would just hold it forever and there would be no investment.  Yet the exact opposite **must** be true in an inflationary economy.  That people would simply hold onto resources and never use them for their needed applications, as hey can simply hold commodities, houses, and any other capital indefinitely and become richer and richer. 
Those deflationary theories are wrong, and most only apply to deflation as it stands under a credit contraction, which is a worlds different from deflation caused by value shift *into* an economy. Sorry, but you are very wrong and the Bitcoin space is a perfect example. There is more average investment, infrastructure, new jobs, startups, and overall growth in the Bitcoin space than the normal economy could touch with a thousand foot pole.  
Deflation *encourages* investment.  Bitcoin is a perfect and obvious demonstration of this if you even glance at it objectively.
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:52:16
Be careful, saying that in public got the Beatles in a lot of trouble.  ;)
@_date: 2017-01-08 21:35:56
I've personally never made a paper wallet.  I generated one on bitaddress.org but never actually funded it with anything.  My savings are still in untouched multibit wallets.
That being said I've just read much of the bitcoin wiki for paper wallets and it has some good suggestions.  Best advice is to make sure your internet is not connected when you generate the keys.  If you use one that is web-based, then disconnect the internet after bringing up the page.  Outside of that it appears the Electrum wallet will generate a paper wallet seed for you.  Worth checking out.
(edit: appears electrum only genereates the standard mnemonic for "paper storage," I was mistaken)
Check out this page to get a good starting point.
@_date: 2017-01-23 20:23:13
Admittedly, there is a massive "illuminati" conspiracy theory around the Rothschild family that is very often facepalm worthy.  There is however, when sorting through the mountains of bullshit, obvious methods that the Rothchilds and others have used to profit massively from war.  I think it is naive to simply brush the idea under the rug when so many trillions of dollars are spent specifically for the purpose of war.  It's one of the largest government expenditures in the world.  
And the Rockefellers you mention also were at the decision table and writing of the Federal Reserve Act.  They profited massively by instituting a government enforced monopoly on the people's liberty to both choose and create their own mediums of exchange.  And did so while granting themselves the exclusive right to counterfeit new money, give it out as loans, and make interest on earnings they never had.  Similar to if I had the authority to rent out other people's vehicles, but competitors would be arrested for doing exactly the same thing.  In my book, that is a horrible crime.  Since this time they have continued to expand their wealth and the Federal Reserve has slowly destroyed the savings of an *entire nation of people* at the deliberate desire of those who control and originally implemented the institution.  It is a way to siphon wealth from the masses into their own control.  They are criminals by any objective standard.
edit: spelling
@_date: 2017-01-16 18:24:15
Segwit *is* on-chain scaling...  it's just not a hardfork to get it.
@_date: 2017-01-24 17:38:16
A bit condescending for someone who literally may not know about proper fees, how to check them, or that there is currently a higher than average backlog, don't you think?
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:46:55


you are correct that it is an inaccuracy, but calling it a "lie" is a little overdramatic.  Lie implies malicious intent, when clearly this was a mistake in understanding, likely by the last editor.  As is clear that hashcash is a very similar system that inspired the proof-of-work used by Bitcoin. 
So you are absolutely correct that the wiki has made a mistake in its language and equates two things that are just very similar, but it doesn't call for anger at whoever made the mistake.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:33:27
Already taken care of :)
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:03:38
I'm sorry, is this based on anything at all?  Is there a technical argument here?  Because I'm not interested in your "corporate takeover, I'll get evidence later but someone definitely told me about it on the internet" nonsense.
@_date: 2017-01-24 21:25:20
The Lightning network uses payment channels.  You aren't locking the money up, you are placing it on a layer that could theoretically be connected to anyone.  If Amazon has channels with suppliers, payment processors, exchanges, and business associates, then by a few degrees of separation those channels can connect to pretty much anyone.  
@_date: 2017-01-08 18:38:45
You would essentially "sweep" the private key, meaning you import it into some other wallet.  (edit: this essentially destroys the security of the paper wallet so think of it as one-use keys)  After importing treat it only as a mobile wallet and create a *new* paper wallet if you intend to take it offline again.
Mycelium mobile wallet actually has this option from the main screen.  There is a "cold storage" button that lets you manually type in a private key or scan a QR code and import the entire wallet to your phone.  There are other options as well, but this is the only one I've tinkered with.  
Also this bitcoin wallet creator is regularly recommended as a secure one: [
That being said I've never used it and the security of the key generator is paramount.  I linked to it but please double check with other posts/google search as I've never used them personally.
Glad I could be of help btw :)
Edit: When you get it figured out feel free to pm me your wallet address (NOT the secret, lol) and I'll send you a few bucks.
@_date: 2017-01-30 05:28:10
This shouldn't be an argument about the short term bitcoin price.  We should be focused on long term decentralization, security, and stability.  If all you care about is the price and whether Ethereum takes some of the market share, you may need to reconsider your priorities.   
The entire Crypto economy is small enough that decentralization is still easily possible.  But when it grows to 5x, 10x, or 100x current size, which could happen *very* fast, there could be serious consequences to the decentralization of the network's validation mechanism.  If too many nodes become unable to handle the bandwidth and latency of the network to be useful validators, we may have already lost the opportunity to fix it. 
Focusing on short term price and market share will have us forgetting what makes Bitcoin historically significant and turn our digital gold into digital fiat.  
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:52:19
Depending on what wallet you use, you may have RBF available.  In the short term, until the blocksize increase gets activated, bitcoin will probably be slightly more expensive for priority transactions.  Hopefully Segwit activates soon and the prices come back down.
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:47:59
True, if you are funding for a Bitpay card and want to use it while in the store (done this many times), or obviously trying to sell bitcoin somewhere at current market price, you will very much need a high priority fee.  Waiting sucks, I agree.  Hopefully Segwit activates sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2017-08-30 18:38:25


The value is achieved from perceived future use and/or perceived value of the network.  The vast majority of these altcoins are valued merely because people *hope* or *think* they will be useful in the future.  And I don't mean that as a negative either, that's just the nature of investments.  The difference here is being able to invest in a decentralized, openly traded "stock" of sorts without a controlled or permission-based market.  
This is the nature of this new ecosystem.  Literally anyone with a decent idea can then create a "share" or "financial instrument" that can be used to capitalize on that idea in the future.  The end value will be what that token can be used for.  
• Siacoin intends to be useable to purchase decentralized, encrypted, and secure storage space on a global network (imagine torrents with no central servers of any kind). 
• Golem intends to use the tokens for purchasing dormant computing power by computers offered up to the network to make use of idle processors and open anyone to accessing a massive global super computer while only needing capital for the short time it is used and no infrastructure overhead.
• Steem intends to use their token as a built in platform to reward and tipping for social media and journalistic content.
• Ethereum intends to be a token for a broad and open system of smart contracts that can guarantee and arbitrate agreements free of bias and political manipulation.  Instead having software determine and preset the outcomes of disputes.
• Monero/Dash/PIVX/Darkcoin/Verge (many more of these too) and so on all trying to tackle the problem of transaction and market privacy with varying approaches.
The list obviously gets incredibly long very quickly and many are redundant in their purpose but believe in a separate method of implementation.  Like Stratis, Lisk and NEO all tackling the smart contract market in competition to Ethereum, but using different programming languages, scaling methods, masternode or staking systems, and development focuses.
Some of the coins have decent use cases, some are just a bunch of fluff and don't even have much of a network or development team behind them.  Similar to many websites in the late 90s and similar to a large number of startups and business ideas in any new industry.
Currency itself, however, is generally little more than an agreed upon standard that is valued by its network and the security/confidence of the rules in place to prevent that ledger from being cheated.  As money is only a tally system for exchanging favors/value that ensures no one can request the time, work, entertainment, or belongings of another person without voluntarily offering equal value in return.  The point of the token is to standardize that measurement. 
The short term value of many of these is the perceived promise of their projects.  The long term value is whether they become used, development keeps up with the market growth, and whether the ideas and methods turn out to be secure or have unseen/unfixable attack vectors or faults in their game theory.  Its a crazy space and it will be fascinating to see which ones pull out of the fire and become big players.  I think inevitably we will have thousands of coins/tokens for a wide range of purposes (as appears pretty obvious).  But only time will tell how the market will value each as things develop further and there is no guarantee that anything stays for the long haul.
Most coins are currently valued by how widely investors believe it will be used in the future and the promise of the network/system being developed.  Some already have large networks and viable use cases, some are hoping their ideas will work out with enough investment capital for marketing and development.  The tokens represent "shares" in that future promise.
*Edit: forgot to add, Bitcoin isn't valued because of its hashpower.  It is a factor in measuring security, but Bitcoin is valued as a permissionless means of ownership and monetary independence.  Something that literally has never been possible in the history of the world.  If you own keys to a bitcoin, there is no one in the world who can deny it.*
@_date: 2017-01-05 14:51:36
I was just out of college when I first heard about Bitcoin and like an amateur I bought at the peak of one of the very first bubbles.  I sank $1200 in, literally almost everything I had to my name and the result of years of saving, at the $33 peak.  Then I watched it fall all the way back to $1...
My $1200 in savings was worth barely over $40.  That might not seem like a ton of money, but it definitely was to me back then.
I *did* throw up, but I *did not* sell.  I just brushed my teeth, and kept learning everything I could about Bitcoin. It was still utterly fascinating to me and I knew it wasn't done yet.  Best decision I ever made.  
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:44:15
Seriously, this.  Even as a big segwit supporter, if every minor problem resulted in immediate spikes on competing implementations, that would not be reassuring.  I think *time* will prove Segwit to be the better way forward.  Just keep explaining, present a thorough argument, and let the code speak for itself as its being used and tested.  In this regard I think the Litecoin adoption of Segwit is going to be a very big deal for two reasons:  
1) It shows, in a big way, the value of altcoins.  Litecoin in particular.  If the less contentious adoption of segwit on Litecoin proves Segwit advantages *or disadvantages* under real world conditions for the divided Bitcoin community... that *proves* a very significant use case for altcoins that has been suggested, but never truly seen in practice.
2) It will set a precedent in the bitcoin and cryptocurrency space.  That any contentious or seriously debated software will have little to no chance of getting blindly pushed through using political pressure.  If there is an ongoing debate, we have to wait for time and testing to reveal the better option and cool the egos of those close to the arguments.  In the meantime, Bitcoin will work as it always has, and we have to wait until everyone grows up.
Personally, I've had some days where the arguments got to me and I felt like this debate was really hurting the community and possibly Bitcoin's future.  But after I remember to step back from it and see the bigger picture, I'm more excited about the future of Bitcoin and this ecosystem than ever.  This shit will never get old to me and even with *no segwit* and *no hardfork* there is major scaling coming to bitcoin.  
**TL;DR** This debate is proof that development and network consensus *are* truly decentralized.  There is *no* centralized decision making (whether miners or Core devs) forcing things down anyone's throat and the network is *extremely* difficult to alter during contentious disagreement.  It demonstrates Bitcoin's resilience to human ignorance and "end of the world tomorrow, must immediately do (insert untested solution here)" political nonsense.  And it forces us to be patient, persistent, and endlessly thorough about new code, even when we don't want to be.
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:58:09
Well the specific *token value* is deeply tied to the supply, the distribution, the security, the amount of use the network can handle, and so on.  But the value of a network can be summed up as what that network can be used to accomplish.  I think in the long term the value of the token will closely follow that measure of utility.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:27:31
Amir has always gone by the beat of his own drum if you will.  The guy has unbelievable conviction however, and is almost invariably extremely thoughtful and intelligent about what he chooses to speak up about.  
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:07:05
They discontinued the actual magazine after the first year I think.  It didn't run very long because the cost to viewership ratio just made no sense in comparison to their online presence.  I do think it made a difference in their image however.  Also the magazine made a big difference for myself early in the game.  It somehow made Bitcoin a real thing when I could read about it in a magazine.  Understand, I only ever got skepticism from *anyone* I spoke to.  My brother and I were the only
People who saw anything in it whatsoever so those early days felt like Bitcoin was just part of this different world where it existed in isolation.
@_date: 2017-08-04 02:14:39
It simply works as a proposal that allows, if literally nothing else gets consensus until 2024, then we should be able to come to consensus on this and proceed from there with a 17.7% yearly increase.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:47:33
Value gained from investment has positive effects on others.  If I invest in oil while few use it, it encourages the building of applications and provides capital for an infrastructure that brings the new resource to those who need it.  It is the opposite of inequality.  It is a mechanism that works to bring new technology and useful resources to everyone.  True Inequality is about quality of life, not some arbitrary number that says how manny TVs you can buy.  
Value gained because you diminished the holdings of someone else by using political privilege and manipulation of an asset's value or by counterfeiting the supply of an exchange medium, is stolen value.  Regardless of how close the victims bank account and the thiefs  bank account balances, that society is *very* inequal.  One man is forced, unknowingly, to work for the living standards of two, and the other does nothing but exercise political authority.
@_date: 2017-01-08 22:08:50
it was shipped.  By the people who made the agreement.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:18:03
Holy... shit...
@_date: 2017-01-11 16:11:56
No, I use it on iOS.  Never used the android version so I can't say one way or the other.
@_date: 2017-01-08 21:59:33
Except that your understanding of this "agreement with Core" is completely incorrect and as you have eagerly demonstrated, this disagreement has absolutely nothing to do with the code in question or what is best for bitcoin.  It is because you have little detail of the reality of that "agreement" and the *actual* people involved.  Therefore you are arguing against Segwit in order to politically defend against the people whom you falsely think were involved in said "agreement."  
The reality, as you have shown pretty thoroughly, is that this has nothing to do with actually progressing Bitcoin safely or preparing it for secure future scaling.  It is *solely* political in nature and a desire to "get back" at those who you perceive have "wronged you."
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:06:26
The key to the system's value is maintaining decentralization.  There are many solutions to this problem that, as I've noted, are not immediately obvious.  If these unknowns cause that much uncertainty for you, then it probably is a good idea not to invest any substantial amount of money.  You could likely make yourself sick with worry.  But there isn't a blockchain system that has escaped this problem to date, no matter what the name, blocksize, mining algorithm, or block time that is implemented.  
In addition, my goal isn't to inspire confidence.  I'm trying to see and explain the problem for what it *actually* is.  There is no value in believing a fairy tale story of this technology and its limitations.  But at the same time, this doesn't significantly take away from its extraordinary value as a decentralized and open means of global, trustless consensus.  That consensus, however, is only as valuable as the number of peers enforcing it, in full.
I would encourage you to read a about this problem from many different perspectives if you are interested.  I have written a number of articles about this issue, [its solutions]( and [the underlying value case]( of Bitcoin itself.  I try to see the problem as objectively as I can, and I still absolutely believe the scaling problem can and will be solved.  Don't forget that TCP/IP, bandwidth, and internet connectivity had thousands of incremental scaling and reliability issues.  All which have been, and continue to be, solved to make the internet a global, shared source of information.  There is a lot of work to do, but this technology isn't going anywhere.
@_date: 2017-01-15 16:25:22
This is correct, but there is no third party really.  The trust is accomplished by exchanging "insurance transactions" (this is what the time locks are for) that each benefit the other party.  Both sides give the other a secure fall back that it fully valid within a given time period. 
he insurance transaction basically says "if i sign and broadcast a transaction that can be proven to be earlier in the tree than another I have already signed, then all you must do is sign it and provide my 'secret' (which is exchanged to invalidate earlier channel states) and you have full access to the multisig address we have our funds in." 
Your wallet, or some service *can* monitor for cheating just in case you feel there is a possibility that you will fall offline and not be able to regain access until after the "insurance period" ends.  But a third party is certainly not necessary to make it work and would most likely be redundant.
... i hope that makes sense, but I'm not sure its easy to follow.
@_date: 2017-01-24 19:00:51
Gold is the oldest, most stable, and most used money in the history of the world...
@_date: 2017-01-08 17:39:03
Honestly you dont need to go as far as a paper wallet.  Yes, they are secure because they aren't connected to the internet.  I've been using Bitcoin rather heavily for 5+ years and I've never used a paper wallet and also never had any trouble.  I have probably 20+ wallets scattered around and I've never had any of them hacked.  
So my suggestions:  
1.  If you are simply hodling, paper wallets are good, but a good encrypted wallet isn't bad either.  If you are never typing in the password aside from when you create the wallet, it is pretty damn secure.  
2.  Try to avoid Windows as far as you are able.  Windows is full of security issues and has a thriving virus market.  While Linux and Mac are not perfect, they are significantly less vulnerable than a Windows system. 
3.  Obviously, always make a backup.  (use one of the free cloud drive services as well, if your house burns down you didn't lose your coins)
4.  Encrypt, encrypt, encrypt.  Use disk utility to create an encrypted virtual drive and put all of your backups and seeds inside it, then encrypt the individual files inside it with different passwords.  Some might call this overkill but its what I do with anything important and after a little setup it isn't as cumbersome as it may seem.  
5. Give your wife, sibling, parent, child, or whoever you trust a backup as well.  Be sure the backup is encrypted but said individual needs to have a way to figure out that password in your absence.  
6. Correct, online wallets are *not* secure.  For one simple reason, you have no idea how vulnerable the information is and you can never know.  BitGo literally made the claim that they were "unhackable."  BitGo managed the security at BitFinex... who was hacked for a massive amount of bitcoin.   While it has been understood that this was Bitfinex's fault for poor practices, it is impossible to know with absolute certainty.  Treat **any** online wallet as a vulnerable wallet and act accordingly and you'll do fine.
Edit: Recommendations are probably desirable.  
I've been using MultiBit HD on my desktop since it was released and I love it.  I also have a few Electrum wallets despite not preferring that software, others swear by it though.  
For mobile, Mycelium all the way.  Bread wallet is good as well, and GreenAddress is a good "partially-online" wallet that lets you log in from your computer *and* your mobile.  Was always helpful in moving from computer without camera to your mobile device (QR codes are a pain on a desktop).   
Online backup.  I use SpiderOak drive which is easily setup to do scheduled selective backups.  I have MultiBit HD backup to my encrypted disk automatically everyday, and then I have SpiderOak automatically update the online backup everyday as well.  
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:40:03
I have to say, Bitcoinmagazine still remains one of the best places to get informed news and content about Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency space in general.  A real shout out to those guys.  They have been deep in the shit for close to 6 years now!  That's practically forever in Bitcoin world.
I have always appreciated those guys, the hard work they do, their commitment to being informed and thorough about their articles, and the risks they have taken.  Excellent job guys!
@_date: 2017-08-06 18:50:30


This has nothing to do with whether or not a hard fork happened.  You are letting your opinion decide what a hard fork is rather than its actual definition.


Again this is entirely irrelevant.  In addition, they did change the properties of bitcoin, *by hard forking it and creating separate consensus rules.*  
You do understand that if they change the consensus rules and fail, or if they change the consensus rules and succeed, it is *still a hard fork either way,* do you not?
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:03:33


Compromising the base blockchain security so that we can "do sidechains and layers later" is wasting both time and resources on top of being reckless.  There is absolutely no way for bitcoin to scale without sidechains and layered payment networks.  It can't be said any clearer, *there is no other way to get scaling so that a significant number of people can use the security of the Bitcoin system.*  Even 100MB blocks wouldn't solve fees on chain in the long term, and it would be detrimental to the ease and the speed of deploying fully validating nodes, which are the enforcers of the network rules.  
The easier and faster we can deploy nodes, and the fewer resources it costs to maintain them, the stronger and more resilient the Bitcoin network will be.  Everything else is secondary.  Low fees are meaningless if you cant validate the rules of the currency.  If a peer cannot enforce the rules, then its not P2P money.  It is just a federated server version of VISA or Paypal with slower transactions, much lower TPS, and much higher fees... even with 100MB blocks.
The idea is that since we *know* we eventually need sidechains and layered scaling, and there is absolutely no way around this.  And we *know* that on chain fees will inevitably be high if this becomes a global system, do it *now* and in such a way that we can guarantee it remains decentralized.  Any blocksize increase is kicking the can and wasting precious time and resources on an extremely difficult network-wide coordination that doesn't even begin to solve the scaling problem.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:27:49
I think the adoption and spread of altcoins is actually a critical step in scaling this ecosystem.  I have always seen it as a good thing that we have alternative systems with different rule sets and block parameters.  It allows Bitcoin to remain viable and expand its use while moving some of the use cases to other systems.  
In the long term I think decentralization is the absolute key to success and little else will matter.  If it means we have an integrative system with the top 3 or 4 blockchains using layers that make moving between them seamless, finds the lowest fee route, and integrates features of each into basically a single system, im totally ok with this.
Whatever keeps this technology resistant to government and political control and creates for the first time a decentralized and censorship proof financial ecosystem, then I want *that*.  I don't really care what color, name, brand, or new protocol it comes with.  I'm not a bitcoin maximalist, I'm a decentralization maximalist, I just *currently* think small blocks on Bitcoin and scaling in layers and sidechains are the most intelligent and technically thoughtful approach to ensuring we solidify that future.
@_date: 2017-01-05 13:02:12


I don't know whether I'm surprised or not.  That is so ridiculous.  Thanks for the input.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:05:09
can you explain how new money is created in the economy?  I'm curious what you know.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:56:36
They may or may not be just as decentralized when they are a year old.  Not one of them could come remotely near to handling VISA transaction throughout however.  The point is that it isn't about today or tomorrow, it's about 3 years from now when the blockchain is 4 TB because they add 15MB every few minutes when being used at capacity.  
No matter how much we want to think "oh everything will be fine if we ignore it because hard dives get bigger," it is a real problem without an immediate and full proof solution.  I could also argue that fiat currency not backed by any scarce asset works fine, and it usually does... for about 30-40 years before history shows that it almost invariably is killed by rampant inflation from its central issuer.
@_date: 2017-01-24 15:33:31
Increasing the costs of charitably running a node for the sake of lower fees and then equating more users with more nodes is incorrect.  
First, a HF kicks every node out that doesn't upgrade.  A short glance at nodes and what version they are inning suggests a conservative loss of 20-30% if we are lucky.  
Second, running a node is costly.  Even Segwit will likely result in many individual nodes being shutdown due to the bandwidth costs.  My brothers node used 300+ gigs in a single month and their internet got throttled to the point they couldn't stream anything and he was forced to shut it down... that's at *1 Mb*. 
Third, those totally reasonable BU Devs want to force a contentious hard fork at 51%!! Which is literally as absolutely reckless and problematic as you can be with attempting a HF.  
@_date: 2017-01-29 04:41:35
It is great for blockchain *storage* scalability but it doesn't change *bandwidth* requirements to process transaction volume.  Also it has serious limitations on the breadth of scripting options.  This is the first I've heard that a way was discovered to make any kind of scripting viable.  
MimbleWimble has a few amazing benefits, but it also has a few critical drawbacks that make it wonderful as an accompanying technology to Bitcoin, but it can't replace it as far as I know.
@_date: 2017-01-23 19:54:23


Correct... but the Rothschild bankers are responsible for implementing central banks across the world and have spent centuries pressuring countries into wars and controlling the monetary outcome of those wars.  They spent much of the 1800s trying to establish a central bank in the US until the charter was vetoed by president Jackson despite Congress pushing it through.  Central banking *is* the job, the history, the war, and the wealth of the Rothschild family.  If you think those institutions are immoral and manipulative, then you should know Rothschild basically have their hands in all of them.
@_date: 2017-01-25 13:46:11
First, a wasteful HF to 2mb is *not* uncontroversial.
Second, from everything I've seen, none of the other things included with Segwit are undesirable at all.  In fact, if it *didnt* have a capacity increase it probably would have gotten implemented already.  The *only* controversy is with a small group who is hell bent on wanting a capacity increase by HF and will stop at nothing to find an excuse as to why doing it by Soft fork is "unclean", "complicated," and "makes bitcoin permanently 1mb."  None of which are true.
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:27:28
You are being purposefully obtuse if you are implying what I think you are. 
Are you honestly suggesting that Segwit, which essentially amounts to a bug fix and expansion of signature capabilities that doesn't even fork the network, is some drastic "new system" that "makes it not the *real* bitcoin".  
But then ignore a contentious hard fork to fundamentally change a core parameter of Bitcoin, that grants additional network authority to miners, introduces *another* 51% attack vector, and all with a change that breaks the compatibility with *every* node and miner.  And from developers who openly want to force the hardfork as a 51% attack with little consideration of its impact on the vast majority of bitcoin users who have no idea about any debate or what it would mean for their money.  As if this *isnt* a significant change and just a simple ol' blocksize increase?
Even an ounce of objectivity makes it absolutely, unequivocally no contest between whether Segwit or BU is the "new system" that seriously changes Bitcoin and should be heavily scrutinized before *any* consideration.
@_date: 2017-01-13 00:16:36
I am still shocked to see how many people think the banking sector is "unregulated."  The reality is the there we're hundreds, if not thousands, of regulations encouraging the exact behavior you claim was the result of "an unregulated system?"  
Read Thomas Sowells "The Housing Boom and Bust" if you want a simple primer on what was happening in the decades leading up to the crash and what was in the thousands of pages of "unregulation" that explicitly spelled out how and where banks were to make loans and the strict circumstances they had to comply with.  
If you truly think unregulated, greedy banks is what lead to loaning money to millions of people who couldn't afford it, then why wouldn't you simply loan a few thousand dollars yourself to a homeless person nearby?  Maybe you could get them in at 30%?  Why wouldn't you?
So you truly think that the single most government manipulated industry in existence, with more alphabet soup institutions for regulating and double checking for every kind of financial instrument imaginable than anything you could compare it to.  That for the billions spent and the tens of thousands of jobs held for the very claim that the government must be the "watchful eyes" or everything will collapse.  That for the years it takes to get even a simple ETF or security approved.  The sheer mountain of paperwork and no sense it takes to open up any kind of financial institution.  So much so that local banks have literally vanished into thin air, as only the largest institutions can afford to do so.  You *truly* believe the horseshit, cop-out excuse that there "just wasn't any regulation to stop them from causing a multi-trillion dollar imbalance in the economy?"  
Even if that nonsense was *partially* true.  It would mean that every regulatory institution that currently exists should be *immediately* shit down.  As it is proof that they are horrific wastes of money and they literally do not do 1% of the job they are designated.  
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:27:00
Has he signed anything with his private key yet? it seems ridiculous to think someone is faking a live video stream, but then again, the private key (if the orchestrator of some scam doesn't have it) would be the single way to reliably prove this is Assange and he is alive.  If he deliberately doesn't sign it, and even makes a suggestion that it isn't important, considering he *specifically* set it up as his method of proof-of-life and now avoids it... that's pretty suspicious really.  
I can't get over how ridiculous it seems to entertain that this is some obnoxious conspiracy, but after watching that YouTube video of real-time facial rendering and knowing he hasn't signed anything yet really bothers me.  
@_date: 2017-01-14 15:09:21
Easier said than done.  In addition, public opinion, in many cases, has little to do with the truth of the matter.  The company i work for is a good example.  From the inside I see hundreds of people who care very deeply about making things work, who enjoy and are proud of what they do.  Simultaneously I see customers who put up with problems for months, never contact to say a problem exists, and then hate the company for "making them put up with this crap."  
There are two sides to every story.  My company is *absolutely* not perfect and there are without a doubt, issues that need addressing.  But it's not always so simple as company=evil, you shouldn't work for them.  I imagine Coinbase is similar, nothing is perfect and inefficiency or a subpar system does make someone evil.  
TL;DR. The public opinion almost unanimously and instantly reverts to "evil" or "malicious" intent as the cause of any delay, issue, or lack of response.  When about 99.9% of the time, it's because running a business is hard as shit.
@_date: 2017-08-11 19:36:27
land of the free
@_date: 2017-01-04 17:07:54
Except that none of those are remotely accurate and make horrible analogies for understanding what those things are.  
... do you understand what the internet is?
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:56:31
I've done this with a few people now and if you have the passphrase it isn't too hard, just difficult to find good info on.
Probably the quickest and easiest way for me has been to use Exodus Wallet and recover from your passphrase.
• note: I would recommend moving your bitcoin out of the paper wallets *before* doing this.  Thats the was I've done it every time at least.  That ensures that the BTC balance is zero while going through all of this.  I've not had anything go wrong, but its better to risk only your BCH.
1) download the Exodus Wallet
2) click on Exodus in the menu bar, select the "developer" tab.  A new menu will pop up
3) click "Restore." another menu pops up
4) click "Restore from 12-word passphrase"
5) go through their process and the wallet will rebuild with all of the addresses and balances.
6) if you moved your bitcoin it will say 0 balance, if not then it should all be there.
7) from the main menu there is a "Help" button in the bottom left corner.  Click it
8) At the very bottom of the help menu there is a question, "How Do I Claim my Bitcoin Cash?"  Click it
9) There is a green button with "Claim My Bitcoin Cash"
10) follow the steps as it walks you through the process.  
Keep in mind, this tool will *send a BCH transaction only* because the wallet is not compatible with BCH itself.  They can broadcast a transaction to the BCH network which will send it to whatever address you want.  There are a few mobile wallets that hold BCH and obviously some exchanges as well.  I would recommend getting a BCH compatible mobile wallet like Jaxx or Iconomi and then sending the BCH there first, then exchanging it through Changelly or a similar service.  If you have an account with an exchange, those are options as well.  I usually recommend changelly or shapeshift if the option is available however due to the lower risk.  
Feel free to comment or message if you have any other questions about the process.  This has worked for me and I've gone through a number of different processes so far with experimenting.  This is one of the fastest if you didn't move anything in preparation of the fork.
@_date: 2017-01-19 13:56:04
Who cares, the point is valid.
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:31:38
R3 is a technology company that was setup as a consortium of a large group of banks and financial institutions.   Its purpose is for blockchain research and an effort to possibly build (or at least examine the benefits of) some sort of shared blockchain.
Recently the 70 or so institutions supporting it is beginning to shrink.  Goldman Sachs, Santander, Morgan Stanley, and the Bank of Australia have all backed out pretty recently.  Although other banks have also come on board so it's not a death sentence at this point.   
@_date: 2017-08-01 03:35:57
The security of Bitcoin is exceptional if the currency remains decentralized.  That makes it act as a judge for smart contracts that are incontestable and entirely independent.  Those smart contracts can be built to run instantaneous, secure, decentralized, almost entirely devoid of risk payment networks.  The main Bitcoin protocol will only ever be needed *when there is a dispute.* 
So yes, buying every coffee with core layer, main chain transactions when you have nimble, instant, secure, and far less costly payment layers available will be ridiculous.  As ridiculous as wanting validation and witness from at least 3 supreme court judges to confirm receipt for a donut.
@_date: 2017-01-27 19:23:21
Discussing the consequences of a centrally dictated monetary policy is relevant.  One of the very biggest hurdles of understanding and conceptually trusting Bitcoin is being able to entertain the idea that current economic and monetary thinking is incorrect.  When you see how destructive it can be, it's like opening a door to understanding why much of Bitcoin's design is the way it is, and how crucial that is to its security.
This comment always comes up, monetary policy and its consequences are relevant and plenty of people here are going to talk about it whether you agree or not.
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:54:23


I'm not worried.  If the technology continues to work this will be inconsequential.  People getting burned with new technology is an inevitability of change, but it will have no lasting effect on the technology's success.  For the same reason the tens of thousands of people who were electrocuted in the late 1800s, hit by cars in the early 1900s, and who lost money in the 90s dotcom bubble didn't prevent the adoption of a wildly more effective and capable technology.  
@_date: 2017-01-12 01:18:23
This is kind of how I see it now.  I find the new normal price after all this correction/bounce is out of the way is around $900.  There was a *lot* of resistance in that range.  
Also I wonder what the odds would be on bets regarding Trump setting his hair on fire?  If the odds are good enough I might be willing to put some down.  
Edit: just to add, we could definitely go lower if we lose a lot of the China price pressure.  I think many are underestimating how much the Chinese were buying bitcoin.  This could scare the market away and cause a serious problem for the short term.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:50:51
That's not true.  There is no feasible way to control who's funds to allow and who's to refuse, as funds from anyone could be either from that user directly or from someone else entirely. It makes zero sense to think transactions will be censored by nodes as none are necessary for the network.  It would merely ensure no one connected to their node.
Plus you are absolutely still using bitcoin, only through a smart contract that makes transactions instantly secure, onion routed to obscure the origin and destination through a multiple hop situation, and with essentially no fees.  It isn't a perfect fit for all use cases, but there is massive benefit to using it under a myriad of circumstances.  
If you think Lightning and sidechains are "not using bitcoin," then unfortunately I have pretty bad news.  There is no feasible blocksize even remotely manageable by a decentralized ledger that can accommodate even the low end of VISA scale without extremely high fees, or just a handful of massive data centers.  2MB doesn't even begin to touch the problem. Lightning and off-chain layers are an inevitability with 100MB blocks or higher and there is no way around it.  If you don't want to use it, you will probably just need to wait for the next major scaling breakthrough.
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:27:18
The channel capacity is the max size of any transaction that can be done in either direction.  If you fund a channel with $20, then the most you can ever spend or receive through that particular channel is $20.
@_date: 2017-01-03 20:08:00
Not because its hard to track per se, but because it is hard (nearly impossible really) to censor.  Those are very different things. 
The reason the darknet markets are hard to track is because of their encryption, the Tor network, and the privacy of the market.  The reason you can *transact* is because no vendor or customer has to vet themselves with any bank or explain where all the money is coming from.  That is an attribute of Bitcoin's independence from any centralized company and consequently its censorship resistant nature, *not* its privacy.  No one can *stop* the transactions from happening because they "look suspicious."  
Technically the entire marketplace could happen with Venmo, and it would work just as well and the sale and purchase of the goods would still be secret.  If it grew to any significant size however, the banks would work tooth and nail to weed it out and freeze suspicious accounts.  The *privacy* of these markets specifically, is not very attributable to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-23 17:59:04
I get the logic but I think it's partially incorrect.  Yes the black market for drugs continues in spite of government bans, but the SR survives because people can easily turn that bitcoin back to dollars using exchanges.
If major governments banned bitcoin outright it would severely hurt the SR markets.  
In addition, the entire market relies on customers who want drugs being able to easily (outside of the stressful learning curve) *get* bitcoin.  It allows the customer the ability to get a legal/accessible item (bitcoin) that can be traded quietly for an illegal/inaccessible item (drugs).  If Bitcoin itself then becomes illegal and difficult to access, it will lose much of its value proposition in the SR marketplace.  Suddenly giftcards, moneygrams, and other dollar based pseudo-privacy methods are more comparable alternatives to bitcoin.  While I don't think it would kill the bitcoin hold over the darknets, it would be a *very* serious blow that would take a very long time to recover from.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:40:33
Rest assured, LN can only use real bitcoin.  It is essentially a smart contract loaded with Bitcoin that can exchange with anyone connected together with that same software.  The smart contract is still a normal transaction with additional features, and just like *all* transactions, it is rejected by the network if there are no bitcoin to open the contract.  There is no risk of getting paid "fake coins."  The contract simply falls back to the blockchain as an arbiter in the condition of a dispute.
Unfortunately it will take time to build up the network and start getting routes throughout the ecosystem.  After SegWit activates, however, I see it happening relatively soon.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:15:59
I just discovered a trick that worked on businessinsider earlier today.  When the page loads up and the prompt covers the article, just click "save page as" in the file menu and save it to desktop.  Then open the page off your desktop in a browser and the prompt doesn't show up. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 21:27:34
BIP9 was a mistake in that it allowed the miners to signal and take charge of the public display regarding consensus of any protocol upgrades.  This was meant (and proposed as such) as a way to have the miners take the lead on bringing the network together, and instead became a way to manipulate the market and politicize the development itself.  
It has since been considered by various core devs as a stupid mistake to essentially make it appear as if the miners have the authority over development decisions.
@_date: 2017-01-24 05:34:54
We could always implement the soft fork ready blocksize increase if you want higher capacity ;)
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:29:41
I find this highly unlikely. Transactions will slow down if fees get too high.  This is literally how all prices work.  That's like saying no one will buy TVs if the price gets too high... well then if they stop buying, the price comes back down.  It simply means people have to judge the necessary speed of the transactions.  I've moved a number of my wallets around in the last few weeks and I used a low-priority fee and all of them confirmed in a relatively short time period.  None of the movements were time sensitive.  When they are, I use a slightly higher fee.  
Second, $0.22 fees are not going to break bitcoin.  $1 fees are not going to break bitcoin.  In general, the higher fee means Bitcoin is *more* desirable, not less.  In other words, rather than being "finished" as you claim, high fees would actually suggest that it is growing.  
Third, there are about 5 or 6 major capacity increases in the works along with many new applications for payment channels that not only mitigate this problem in the short term, but may be able to accommodate demand for the next decade, as well as opening an opportunity to increase the privacy of the entire network.
Of course, the fees would fall rather quickly in the short term if we had a soft fork ready to go that fixed multiple problems *and* allowed for a blocksize increase... ;)
TL;DR Bitcoin will not be killed because of high fees, if fees are high it means Bitcoin has become more desirable, not less.  There are plenty of proposed and in-development solutions to transaction volume.  If you are impatient you can always help to activate the soft-fork that's ready to go that will essentially double the blocksize.
@_date: 2017-08-21 06:08:33
He has openly stated on many occasions that he strongly desires the improvements in SegWit and cautioned against hard forks.  He was pretty solidly on the side of the Core devs and their far more conservative approach.
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:15:25
Then they can use Bcash.
@_date: 2017-01-24 20:48:28
Amazon transaction volume alone would have backlogs on 15mb blocks in the off season.  During the Christmas boom the volume is insane.  Basic retail transactions simply aren't viable without payment channels and additional layers. Luckily there are a great number of methods in development to get around this and actually gain instantly secure transactions rather than having to wait for the next block confirmation.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:38:14
If banks are supposed to be holding other people's wealth and facilitating trade, then I ask you to think really hard about a few things:
1. Why are banks almost always the biggest buildings in a city?
2. When builders build the homes, and owners work their lives paying it off, why are both paying loans back to the banks?  
3. For institutions that transfer *other people's wealth* why on earth do they have cumulatively trillions of dollars?
4. Why, if our economy is so robust and healthy, and when people are so incredibly more productive than we were 100 years ago, does *no one* have any savings, why is *everyone* in massive amounts of debt?  How could it possibly be that the *entire economy* has debts equal to 5-6x the amount of productivity?  
The truth is a debt based money allows the lenders to counterfeit currency at the expense of *everyone who uses the currency.*
The best analogy to explain what they are doing in a very sneaky way, is loaning our own cars to us.  Yes the cars are far better than they were 100 years ago, but back then we owned them.  Now however, thanks to a horrific system of banking and money issuance, the people who built and earned the cars, are renting them from the people who control the money.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:35:37
The interesting thing about the cnadlestick charts is in how much data it gives you.  It shows the range and direction of the overall moves during a user-selected amount of time.  
For example: Selecting a 1-day candlestick chart makes every candle representative of a single day's worth of price data. A Red candle shows the price began the day at the top of the solid candle body, and ended the day at the bottom of the candle body.  The "wicks" on the top and/or bottom of the candle show the full range of the price moves between the beginning and end of the day.  So the price could have fallen substantially and then recovered before the end of the day, which would be displayed as an incredibly long wick beneath the candle body.
Feel free to ask any other specifics, I could go for a while XD
@_date: 2017-01-13 15:06:24
What does that have to do with anything?  I'm saying if my situation is benefitted from AirBnB accepting Bitcoin, then likely thousands of others are in a similar situation that could also be improved.  I specifically was thinking of how it might be beneficial to many, while u/pdtmeiwn clearly wasn't thinking of anything except how they felt about it themselves.  So unless you were directing that at u/pdtmeiwn, I don't know what your getting at with your vague, fortune cookie comment. 
@_date: 2017-01-06 21:46:54
Also it was the first known Bitcoin transaction to purchase something.  So there's that.
@_date: 2017-01-09 23:08:06
This is unrelated to the question and is the joint responsibility of customers and entrepreneurs.  The priorities of Bitcoin are an entirely different matter.
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:10:43
Except that it *is* a central property.  One of the very most critical pieces of the Bitcoin security.  If the scarcity of the coins can be altered by "the developers" or is abandoned by the community, bitcoin is absolutely finished.  It would prove to be little more than a temporarily successful and politically controlled failure.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:04:55
I'm sorry, but this implied claim just baffles me.  How in the hell does Segwit go against decentralization?  And of all the hundreds of arguments, they all seem to be anti-Blockstream without either explaining or addressing the BU incentives with the gate and depth parameters.  It should be very heavily scrutinized before mindlessly switching to something that may *add* a vulnerability just because we are mad at the alternative.
@_date: 2017-01-08 22:27:05
Sure we first thought the world was flat and the horizon was the end of the Earth, sure we then thought that there was only one continent, sure we then thought the Earth was the center of the universe, sure we then thought the universe was a tiny portion of its current known size, then we thought it was a little bigger, and then we realized it was a *shit ton* bigger...
But all that aside, I'm sure *this time* we found the end and no new information will ever prove that there is existence outside of current mainstream assumptions. /s
@_date: 2017-01-24 22:09:08
Gold is more commonly treated as a commodity today, which is a *very* recent development from a historical perspective.  It is however, still used to pay for large debts and act as a monetary reserve.  Notes are still often being used, from the context of countries and banks, as representations of amounts of gold, even though the reserve standardization has been dropped over the last 4 or so decades in exchange for purely paper reserves.  Germany, among others, who have attempted to repatriate have asked for debt payment in gold, not paper.  There is a very specific reason for this.  
The recent decoupling from the gold standard has since caused a few massive economic bubbles and sent the global economy into so much debt the inevitable fallout will reshape the world economy in a bigger way than we have likely seen in a century.  Gold will be a critical part of reserves in the future as well.  Bitcoin will become a part of that picture as well, and for a relatively smaller economy, it definitely *is* money.  When my friends and I owe each other money, we give each other Bitcoin.  That is enough to make it so, even ignoring the much larger, global economy around Bitcoin.  I think you are over simplifying and ignoring the many different forms that money comes in and the different roles that money plays in the economy.   
@_date: 2017-01-11 14:14:02
This is actually pretty awesome!  I might have to get this when it releases.
@_date: 2017-01-03 20:21:00
I'd argue it is a reasonable claim.  We aren't going back, there is no un-inventing cryptocurrency.  And Bitcoin has become a major player, still a small market, but one proving to grant individual financial control irrespective of the desires of the traditional paradigms of political power.  When China introduces capital controls.  When India makes cash illegal.  Bitcoin is a way around these restrictions.  This is *not* insignificant.  Just because its a rather small $15 billion market and hasn't "changed the face of the global economy," it has earned its place and has indeed set in motion one of the largest shifts of power in a few thousand years.  
There had *never* been independent, decentralized communication until the internet, and there had *never* been independent, decentralized money until Bitcoin.  Whether it has changed the world yet or not, if you know much about history it is absolutely an economic paradigm shift whose *potential* significance rivals the printing press.
Bitcoin is a proof of concept. And it works. That is a big deal.
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:48:52
What is it with the derisive response to people who have a wait time for transactions? Why even respond just to be sarcastic?
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:35:35
If I have one car, I can't loan you two cars correct?  If I have enough lumber to build one house, I cannot loan you twice that lumber correct?  Meaning the actual resources in the economy do not follow the very same rules we apply to the money used to distribute those exact same resources.
Now imagine I have a single car, but I have the legal right to make car loan vouchers for 4x as many cars as I have to loan.  What happens? I am able to profit from renting out 5 cars.  One that I actually have, and 4 that you have to take a voucher to someone else and borrow *their* car.  The problem is, if every car rental does this, it suddenly begins costing 2 3 and eventually 4 vouchers to rent a car.  Because obviously, even though we can pull vouchers out of thin air, we cannot pull cars out of thin air.  We actually have to build them first.
Let's take this scenario and apply it to housing.  Lets say, since the entire banking system operates this way, we make 3 times as many construction and home loans as there is lumber to construct and available houses to buy.  What would that do?  That would make construction starts and house buyers begin to purchase and start many more homes than actual resources are available to maintain.  Next would come a significant increase in the price, as the industry began a false, temporary boom.  As the price of the loaned resources does not adjust the trend would continue far longer than a normal market would signal to do so.  Only after a decade or so would there be a tipping point where the available money so far outweighed the resources that it became obvious many of these loans didn't have the resources to have them paid back.  And a painful and hard shift happens, as money begins to vanish during a prolonged period of default, as the money *must* balance back to the reality of available resources.
So in this scenario, a vast number of people are seriously hurt by this.  Yet it was caused by a price manipulation and false signaling of the money supply.  Yet who profits?  The banks, because they now own every house that attained a loan (which cost them nothing to create) but couldn't be paid back (which would roughly equal the bulk of what was loaned past actual bank reserves).  Yet that imbalance, that the bank profited from, was the very imbalance that they created.
TL;DR if this system works so great then why is inequality growing, why has poverty been s tang ant for decades, why is the global economy teetering on the edge of collapse.  Why are central banks the world over having to maintain **zero or negative** interest rates just to keep economy wide prices from *plummeting?*. The truth is, when the world is teetering on the edge of economic disaster and we just experienced one of the worst downturns in a century, if you aren't *actually* taking a critical eye to the mainstream economic thinking, you will *never* fix the problem.  The theories and monetary system that you are arguing is successful, are absolutely responsible for our current economic situation.  How do I know this?  Because the entire modern world is in the same position, and they *all use essentially the same fundamental system and implement the same core monetary controls and policies.*
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:59:17
I agree with addressing them.  I just don't think stooping to derisiveness and name calling is helpful.
The fact is that blocks *do* need to get bigger.  Waiting sucks.  Which is why Segwit was designed to allow a blocksize increase with a soft fork that could be implemented immediately, if only more miners get behind it.  No network break, no risking coins, no contentious takeover, no drastic change in how the network limits congestion.  Just a blocksize increase with a number of other awesome features.  Done.
edit: wording
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:34:41
A SegWit transaction *is* a main chain transaction, just like they have always been.  The anyone-can-spend (typically used as FUD) is a filler signature that is only present on nodes like 5 or 6 versions back and it is specifically because they do not understand the change of format in SegWit transactions. 100% of miners and the vast majority of nodes are all enforcing SegWit signatures, and SegWit signatures, by design, are safer than how signatures and transactions used to be validated.  SegWit being predominately a fix to the malleability bug and a more efficient and adaptable format for scripting. There is absolutely nothing that puts coins at risk due to using SegWit.  If someone tells you otherwise, direct them to the massive bounty of Litecoin SegWit transactions and have them demonstrate ;)
@_date: 2017-01-08 22:17:52
So splitting the network, risking incompatibility and the loss of coins, confusing and putting at risk a huge number of casual users, and having a drastically reduced number of nodes with a HF that will likely need 6+ months of preparation time...
This is somehow *better* than a soft fork, that doesn't break the network, doesn't lower node count, fixes the more important issues of quadratic hashing and malleability, prepares for capacity increases like MAST and Lightning, doesn't require casual users to know or do anything differently, and is ready immediately?
@_date: 2017-01-27 20:22:59
I've made no claim that Theymos banning discussions of altcoins is consistent or logical, and half the front page is almost universally discussion of the blocksize, so I don't quite see that as being "banned," considering the endless posts about it.  The 
I only challenged the idea that Venezuelas monetary policy was irrelevant, because it isn't.  If we were in a subreddit talking about housing stocks, the FED reports regarding interest rates are not *directly* related, but it absolutely has and effect on the market.  Similar situation here, Venezuela's policy isn't directly related, but it will absolutely have an effect on the people's search for an alternative money, the perception of Bitcoin, and very likely the likely and speed of adoption within the country.  
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:06:36
That's fine, I appreciate the attempt at least.  We can just agree to disagree.  
If you ever want to start it up again just pm or tag me.  If you have a piece of reading that covers a worthwhile argument I always enjoy suggestions.  I personally would recommend Human Action by Mises.  Whether you agree with its conclusions or not the perspective and insights are valuable by themselves. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:12:00
It depends on how you are buying/withdrawing it.  If you use a service like Coinbase, they almost always are using an internal ledger to track who owns bitcoin so buying $5 at a time doesn't create anymore inputs than they need to.  They are able to conglomerate addresses and ownership as they desire in order to minimize their own fees and the fees needed to withdrawal.  However, if you are buying $5 every week and then are withdrawing that $5 each time to a new address in your wallet, then if you send $100 later it will be from 20 inputs ($5 per without considering fees).
The best way to avoid this situation if you are only buying small amounts is to hold it in Coinbase (or whatever service) until it's enough to worry about, and then send it to an address all at once.  And sending further withdrawals to the same address will help as well.  If you are looking for better privacy I would wait for Breeze wallet and/or hidden wallet release and send your bitcoin there.  They will be using the new Tumblebit protocol and can mix using off-chain channels (very similar to Lightning network). 
Unfortunately, fees are going to be a reality for blockchain systems as a result of their openness (anyone can send anything at any time) and the resource costs of copying and distributing a massive joint ledger to every node on the planet.  There simply isn't a straightforward, simple, or immediately intuitive solution to this problem no matter what the big blockers say or how many times they say it.  There is always a trade off between scaling and security. 
That being said, there *are* solutions and ideas out there.  We simply have to ensure we don't rush a "fix" today that we may have to pay for heavily in 3-4 years.  What we need is innovation and pressure to build new layers that add privacy and scalability and can be implemented without the need for the average user to learn some new mechanism or elaborate process for storing/sending bitcoin.  It is possible, it's just not easy.  Patience will win this game because there are thousands of brilliant heads working on the problem as we speak. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 20:24:43
Can't tell if trolling...
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:29:53
That doesn't include calling it a "banking layer," "trading centralized IOUs," that centralized nodes will just "start trading fractional reserve LN coins," and on and on.  These are unfortunately very prominent claims (despite being easily disproven with little more than a rudimentary understanding of LN) in my history of "reasonable discussion" over the risks of lightning network.
@_date: 2017-01-21 17:50:36
The segwit nodes will be able to download &gt; 1mb blocks, theoretically up to 4mb but more likely around 2mb or just under.  The old nodes will not download the new signature data, just the critical data that confirms the Bitcoin accounting, headers, and so on with essentially a "filler" signature. The information those old nodes download, will remain under the 1mb limit.
@_date: 2017-01-07 19:10:37
No, it means teach them with understanding and by extending an olive branch instead of screaming "see you fucking idiot! I was right!"
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:01:42
Think of it like paying for stamps to send 100 cookies to someone.   It would be relatively cheap to send a single box to one address, but it would be very expensive to send 1 cookie in 100 separate envelopes to that same address.  Either way the guy receiving the cookies has 100 cookies.  But the first scenario had a single input, the second had 100 inputs.
Similar thing happens in Bitcoin.  If 100 people send you 100 mBTC from 100 different addresses, to send them all to a single address, they *all* have to be referenced and signed within the transaction.
@_date: 2017-01-23 17:03:30
So wealth by manipulating currency, institutionalizing a banking system based on counterfeiting by political privilege, and systematically destroying smaller foreign currencies to broaden the scope of their monetary control is now what we call "earned"?
@_date: 2017-01-23 20:08:16
As someone who spends all day troubleshooting wireless and Internet  problems and who has heavily studied what affects wireless technologies and how they work... because it's hard, it's unreliable, and it's expensive.  
To have a really good network with good coverage takes an enormous investment.  For companies with specific ROIs and monetization means, it's well worth it.  For the average individual who gains a rather abstract sense of privacy and independence, expecting more than a dedicated group of hobbyists is a bit overly optimistic.  
I think it will eventually get there, but it needs a better value proposition (a local and immediate advantage), cheaper and more powerful hardware (comes with time), and a successful system for monetizing the network. 
@_date: 2016-06-07 15:39:20
"Bitcoin Airways"
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:11:23


Entirely your imagination and nothing more. 
@_date: 2017-01-08 23:21:01
That was one of the issues I specifically searched out the answer to because I didn't immediately grasp the "anyone can spend" signature and it sounded bad at first glance.  The truth is it doesn't put anyone at risk, *certainly* not users who never upgraded.  The old nodes fully validate the old transactions and Segwit nodes validate *both* traditional and SegWit transactions.  Meaning the only people who would be "at risk" would be those who *have* updated because "only 95%" of the network (if the rest don't upgrade after activation) knows the rules to validate SegWit transactions.  
I've looked into it extensively and it is simply a non-issue.  The users who are at no risk whatsoever are old users who never upgrade, because it doesn't make anything they do incompatible, invalid, or change how many nodes or miners confirm their TXs.  SegWit doesn't exclude or look at normal transactions any differently.
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:22:16
It's not proof in my mind.  But it doesn't really change anything anyway.  they were always bad actors who have worked together for quite some time.  I don't think there has been any HF stance they have not been basically holding hands on and so I've thought of them as one entity for quite a while.
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:31:55
It is inflation in the overall number of coins but no more than if another altcoin was created.  It doesn't change the number of coins on bitcoin, but it does create all of the coins that make up Bcash.
@_date: 2017-08-16 00:51:21


Any attempt at "planning" is entirely reliant upon actual market prices giving data as to how the market is responding and allocating resources.  You cannot allocate resources through centralized manipulation more efficiently than the culmination of hundreds of thousands or millions of interconnected and cyclical trades that eventually result in a market price.  You are literally suggesting that we get some people together to "allocate things better" when that allocation is meaningless without a market price to operate from?  


Market prices serve a very critical purpose, to accumulate monumental amounts of data through millions of different and individual perceptions of value, levels of knowledge, particular skill sets, and the speed and ability to adapt.  It is cyclical, no party at any point "sets" a price for the market.  Everyone has a small individual influence that adds information and a particular perspective to the market.  Like a thousand people guessing the number of jelly beans in a jar and taking the average, the market price can be an astonishingly and strangely accurate piece of data.  (referring to the bean jar experiment here) Thinking that we can "fix the price" is missing the point.  An attempt to control the price in order to influence the actions that *led to the price* only works to obscure the information a market price grants us. 
It is similar to saying more water causes the windmill to turn faster, therefore, if we turn the wheel faster, there will be more water.  Manipulating prices is turning the wheel in search of water.
@_date: 2016-11-06 21:08:09
Circle doesn't charge a "fee" they just have their own spread in order to make money.  The other day when the price was $700 I bought from Circle at the price of $709.  Pretty commonly it is roughly a $10 spread.  
Honestly doesn't phase me.  They have to make money somehow.  Their service is good so far and I have no issues.  They *should* charge me.  So no, OP, Circle is not ripping you off anymore than you are ripping your employer off by charging a wage/salary.  
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:54:37
It always helps to have nodes that signal for Segwit (I wouldn't bother mining unless you have a real rig).  Running a node doesn't directly contribute to activation, but it does put pressure on miners by showing that users and maintainers of the network want it activated for the blocksize increase ASAP.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:13:52
so only about 6 more hours?
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:13:25
Definitely agree.  Always better for people not to get hugely screwed or caused pain. :) 
@_date: 2017-01-16 20:08:12
I'm sorry, I'm not following.  What is Core's "product" you are referring to?
Edit: Downvoted?  I am serious, I'm unclear as to what product you are referring.  Are we saying the LN is Blockstream's product?  Are we talking about their side chain as a service model?  What are we referring to?
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:32:14
Just got mine back up a few days ago XD
@_date: 2017-01-30 18:42:50
Signalling starts today: 
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:12:36
Never attribute to malice that which is easily explained through ignorance.
Edit: one of my favorite quotes actually XD
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:31:46
Do you have a BIP39 passphrase?
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:01:44
It was part of it.  But SegWit2X had by any measure, *massive* opposition from the development and users due to the recklessness, pointlessness, and damage done by HF.  Then a group of miners representing a majority of the hashrate had a secret meeting leading up to the BIP148 deadline, and decided, by themselves, that Bitcoin was going to have SegWit and then they would force a redundant HF that a majority of the community, developers, and services have said they do not want.  
Then a group of those involved *went ahead and did a contentious hard fork anyway.* And now they are trying to pretend that developers and the community are backing out of a deal they were never involved with.  So instead of one Bitcoin, we get like 8, because the *only* disagreement was ever about splitting the network.  And not only are they continuing to shove it down everyone's throats, but they just keep doing it over and over.  And every time they try to do it on the sneak and dishonestly.  And every time they try to dupe and specifically advertise (seriously tons of money being spent here) to the flood of uninformed users to gain support.  As if BCH isn't a perfect representation of what they wanted.  And caused by the very people in the "agreement."
Where, do you ask, are all the people who claimed Core backed out on the round table consensus and broke their promise (when it was like 2 out of a hundred developers who had anything to do with it.)?  When now a significant subset of the NYA agreement have gone ahead and forced a HF anyway?  How, by any measure, has the NYA agreement not been cremated? 
Where did they go?  Wasn't there once an army of redditors whose most important moral principle was to "keep their promises?"  I had to have read the "Core broke the agreement" *at least 10,000 times!* Yet those principles are put in a hole in the ground, taken a shit on, and covered with dirt when it's a big blocker that completely obliterated the agreement, and hard forks the entire network regardless.  Then they have the arrogance to act as if their coin should be called Bitcoin when they even went against the community, developers, hong kong, round table, AND the NYA?!  They haven't held to **even a single principle or standard.** Their principles are *paramount!* when a core dev appears to contradict them, and shoved aside the *very second* it becomes inconvenient for their opinion.
Understand, the reason this hasn't ended and will continue indefinitely is because **this has nothing to do with scaling, and everything to do with who controls the reference client.**. If anything else was the case, BCH would have been the end of it.  A new client means they can change the rules for how to propose upgrades, who gets invited to the table, and what they are allowed to discuss, then they can exclude people as they see fit. Which would start with the entire list of Bitcoin developers who disagrees with them. 
By any measure, the big blockers and have made a pile of wood chips out of any principles they have *claimed* to hold the core devs to.  They lie, censor, promise and break promises, make secret deals, exclude critical players, and *actively work* to damage the community, the name, and the economy of Bitcoin with the sole purpose of seizing control of development.  I'm so sick of this it is unbelievable.  The hypocrisy is off the charts and I'm done trying to meet them at a middle ground.  They are bad actors with malicious intent, plain and simple.  I've extended a thousand olive branches and my fucking arm is tired.  
@_date: 2017-01-04 19:59:43
Not your wallet, not your Bitcoin.  Yes Coinbase may have better security on their "vault" access, but that security is still 100% reliant on Coinbase.  If they get hacked and somehow the cold wallet keys are stolen, vault Bitcoins are gone Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 22:40:22
Thank god!
It is a huge weight off of my shoulders to discover this is just a joke and I don't have to make any aneurism-causing attempt to explain how utterly moronic these suggestions are.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:11:48


Are you joking? Of course you haven't seen one in your local city.  I also don't have an Apple plant, Google headquarters, Mozilla office, or Amazon warehouse in my city.  How is that relevant to Bitcoin industry growth at all.  There has been insane growth, are you blind?


Yet you claim this is bad when doing it in order to invest in a currency, which does not consume resources in any way and adjusts prices down for the entire economy.  Therefore making life necessities cheaper to purchase, particularly helping those with the lowest incomes.  But when people "hoard" resources and commodities instead of currency.  Which *raises* the prices of goods people actually need and must be consumed to make use of, therefore depriving people of it, specifically those of lower income... this is a good thing?  
How can you possibly make the claim that hoarding currency is bad when it makes it cheaper for the poorest to afford necessities, and simultaneously claim that hoarding commodities and resources is good when it significantly raises the cost of living for the poor?  
@_date: 2017-01-03 19:52:48
...buy children?  ... and guns?
Actually mostly just drugs.  Guns were on the silkroad under a single vendor for a matter of weeks before they disappeared.  Common misconception because "guns" are a popular focus for the media but it has been a nearly non-existent marketplace.  Particularly when you compare it to the grossly disproportionate number of mentions. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:34:56
If we don't stop talking about BCH then I'm just going to fork this subreddit.
@_date: 2017-01-17 01:12:28
Still confused.  I've read this before if you are referring to the github summary of segwit, which is a link inside the one you gave me.  Outside of that I'm unsure how this answers the question.  Is there something here I am missing?
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:31:31
Lightning doesn't threaten or alter the rules of the currency whatsoever.  And Lightning nodes hold no custodian power over other people's funds. In addition, it increases privacy for small, frequent transactions.  
Centralization at the core layer compromises *all* of Bitcoin's security promises.  It threatens enforcement of the rules, its diminishes user power, it weakens the ownership of every balance on the network, and it threatens independent validation.  Without these things bitcoin is a boring, federated PayPal.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:38:38
Well yeah that's the *only* point he made and then you *immediately* proved it right, lol.  
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:07:38
If you have never read it, there is a comic style explanation of economics called "How an Economy Grows" that is essentially your exact post with more elaboration and using fishing as the thought case.  It seems very elementary but it does an incredibly wonderful job at explaining the only means to progress.  Check it out if you haven't before, doesn't take long to get through and it's worth it.
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:29:54
I kind of agree here.  This doesn't add anything to the debate, it's just poking fun for personal satisfaction.  I'm a Segwit supporter, but this doesn't help anything.
@_date: 2017-01-05 16:27:51
No kidding?  ... mouth wash?
@_date: 2017-01-24 14:03:15
So leave ourselves vulnerable to the quadratic hashing problem, not fix malleability, and kick hundreds or possibly 1000+ nodes off the network while risking the money of the enormous number of people who won't be prepared for a HF?  
You are disillusioned if you think there are no consequences and as if we could just "HF next weekend."  It would take half a year minimum, probably a lot longer, and they would want to go back and add a different version of all these other fixes since a HF is far too risky and complicated to simply waste it on 2mb blocks and nothing else.  
The only possible reason to think that is a better solution is ignorance.
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:05:05


I don't see any reason for this to be the desire if it isn't what occurs naturally.  If a scarce resource grows in value equal to the amount of added efficiency and productivity of the economy, and therefore deflates at 5% or so per year.  I don't see any reason why it suddenly makes since to think we can or should politically oppose this market tendency.


Ad infinitum suggests there is no mechanism to find an equilibrium price.  Yet were this the case we would have already done this.  In any real world scenario this is obviously a worry that has never, and will never manifest itself.  There is no such thing as ever rising prices and a "bet so sure everyone will invest in it forever."  


So are you suggesting that if a currency is deflationary then companies and organizations cannot raise capital?  Why then does the cryptocurrency industry raise massive amounts of capital and why are there more startups and entrepreneur activity in cryptocurrency than in any other industry?  Wouldn't it be smarter for all of them to simply buy bitcoin and do nothing?
If these concerns were based in economic reality they would have expressed themselves and been a problem for the last 8 years.  There is no scenario in which the market actually responds that way.  There is no sure thing as far as ever increasing prices, such an argument ignores the time value of money and the trade off of spending today rather than tomorrow (people die, time is a *critical* factor), a deflationary currency clearly provides massive investment capital (many of the biggest investors in this space are just very early adopters), and it encourages savings which means the economy has an enormous buffer of saved capital to weather any fluctuation or short term disasters.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:39:17
The cool thing is, leaving it "on the exchange," as long as it was sent over LN, isn't actually giving them custodial control anymore.  The LN channel, whether balanced toward the exchange or toward your wallet, is a multisig, time-lock agreement either way and neither party can steal the coins, they can only settle with the valid state (the agreed exchange).
I've been so excited about this feature of LN because it could redecntralize the painfully centralized exchange industry while simultaneously speeding up arbitrage and lowering volatility.  I could keep going on and on but that's why I wrote [an article about it.](
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:28:03
Its partly a result of lack of transactions, and partly a result of slightly larger capacity in the basic blocks.  As I noted, the problem isn't obvious.  I would bet that the Bitcoin network could handle 10Mb blocks without significant issue for quite some time.  But after just 3 years of full blocks, we are talking about adding almost 2TB to the blockchain that we can never remove without compromising the security.  It represents an increase in resource costs for every peer to validate the network of over 300% in *just the first year* while average bandwidth and storage costs only decrease by 17%.
The other problem is that Bitcoin is so widely used that the number of current off-chain transactions are orders of magnitude higher than current on-chain transactions.  If the blocksize is increased, these are likely to just dump back onto the blockchain and fill up the new blocksize in barely any time whatsoever.  Which means the scaling problem is immediately a problem again (if full blocks are considered detrimental) and we have just made a massive increase in the core chains resource cost for barely a dent in scaling.  And it does *practically nothing* for long term scaling or in any way removes the necessity of second layers and sidechains.  
The idea that Blockstream is holding back the blocksize so that they can "sell" their open source sidechains and lightning network is completely missing the point that *we would still need massive scaling on sidechains and lightning network even with 100MB blocks.*  Yet all layered solutions are only as secure as the distribution of validating nodes on the main chain, which is severely affected by significantly larger blocks and *immediately diminished* by any hard fork whatsoever. 
@_date: 2017-01-21 20:44:28
Wow, October!  So soon?
And only 3 short years and the Winklevoss ETF may be approved is year.
That financial regulation tho, like Lightning! /s
@_date: 2017-01-25 13:52:15
The real sad thing is that Segwit has multiple awesome benefits, but it could likely not get implemented because people have worked like coal miners digging for excuses *not* to activate.  All for the simple reason that it encroaches on a HF by also increasing capacity without one.  Why some people inexplicably cannot go on with their lives without HF when the exact same thing can be achieved without splitting the network I have ceased to comprehend.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:22:29
You are just witnessing this subreddit during a massive price pump.  This has happened every time Bitcoin goes on an enormous bull run.  It gets drowned in memes and people incessantly talking about the price and little else.  You will have to go hunting a little harder than normal, but after the correction you should come back and have a look around.  
A lot of the nonsense fades out when the price is falling and the only people left in the subreddit all day are the ones who like to read about the new code, debate about its future, and share the newest services and improvements.  
Hopefully we see normal conversation return when the price calms down.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:09:40


I literally laughed out loud at this one.  The guys coding their asses off to prevent a HF and ensure all upgrades are backwards compatible are the "ones causing a HF."
@_date: 2017-08-17 16:08:06
I don't "just blame spammers for high fees."  I've not equated any other time or segment of high fees to spammers or in general, but a lot of low fee transactions started getting spammed on both the BTC and BCH network recently and last I saw discussion it was ongoing.  It has raised the fee levels.  In addition, we are on a big bull run which causes more activity on the network, making spamming much cheaper and more effective during times like these.
Edit: My point was "old news."  The rest of the line was unnecessary because I was arguing about why high fees weren't a vigorous discussion topic, not what causes them.
Edit: Edit:  In other words I'm not interested in starting a scaling debate and every comment isn't related to it.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:07:12
You can make an argument without calling everyone a shill.  Yes there is some manipulation and shilling going on.  But every curious/new user is not out to "fire the devs."  Big blocks are the first and most obvious solution to scaling.  It took me a while to realize how inaccurate it was to think that way.  Most of us small blockers were once big blockers, yelling at them is more likely to make them stubbornly stick to their ideas in the face a reasoned argument.
Don't be so aggressive, even with people you think are shills and we will probably make better progress toward getting more people to understand the problem.
@_date: 2017-01-20 11:56:44
What is it with the endless repeating that segwit volume increase is some mysterious, new, "other chain" scaling?  It is a doubling of *on-chain* transaction volume.  Period.
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:05:40
lol, technically he isn't wrong.  Its not like hard and soft forks have a very long history XD
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:49:46
Lol, I understand that, but I am meaning that the skyrocketing price behaves as the much needed market correction in interest rates that cannot find an avenue of escape in the legacy economy.  Governments refuse to allow the price to adjust freely, building the pressure ever greater.  Then technology finally makes a tiny hole in the bow of this Titanic, and the pressure comes flooding out into the only market that can establish an equilibrium price. 
The price of the dollar would be doing the same thing if prices were allowed to fluctuate.  There would be widespread default, a massive credit contraction, and there would be serious deflation in the cash market.  Money would dry up across the economy, but being such a massive market it might see a doubling or more.  Bitcoin on the other hand, being so small, is launched to the moon thanks to the entire pressure of the manipulated dollar fueling its rockets.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:27:53
I'm saying with continued growth, running a full node is going to be a nightmare.  I started one up *two days ago* and it is currently at 76%.  It is delusional to think that if we onboard a few hundred thousand new users by quadrupling the block size that it means we get a bunch more full nodes.  No average, ignorant user is going to take days and half their internet connection to run a full node if they *currently* can't even encrypt their internet connection or use a password more secure than p
Quit acting like low fees on a payment layer "make bitcoin not cash."  Because that's *exactly* what it *does* do.  LN gives Bitcoin characteristics that are shockingly **more cash like** than it is right now.  How you ask? 
- Each individual transaction doesn't get broadcast to the network (just like you don't call the courthouse to tell them you bought something on Craigslist)
- Each individual transaction is private between the parties and agreed upon only by the sender and receiver.  Anyone included in the hops to connect cannot see the end points that they are facilitating. (Just like buyer and seller are the only ones involved with cash transactions)
- the transaction is instant (just like cash)
- and the transaction has incredibly low or no fees whatever.
Bitcoin *now* has a lot of obstacles *preventing* it from having the properties of cash.  Every transaction is the equivalent of going to the courthouse and having the judge sign and stamp every single one of your receipts.  And you pay him a $1 every time to do so.  You post every single transaction to every single social media, online account, exchange, and send a letter to city hall whenever you make a purchase.  And you have to wait for a confirmation, sometimes up to 30 minutes or more, if you deal with any non-trivial amount of money.  
**That sucks as cash.** There are so many things that need *fixing* in those realities of Bitcoin that I cant understand why the hell it is so damn important to have *everything* on chain when we can extend the security [While NOT simultaneously *compromising* it] to second layers, and get *massive* scaling in addition to all those wonderful properties of cash that we all want. 
And we can do all of that without enormously increasing the barrier to verifying the core chain to keep the network decentralized.  Leaving it open for anyone to prop up the very foundation of the entire system. If we have a 1TB blockchain that grows at 10MB every 10 minutes, that's just not going to happen.  And the scaling that provides for a global financial system is negligible.  
I just don't know how to say this any other way, **the things you say you want will never happen on the core blockchain.** 50MB blocks will not even *sort of* give you a global payment system with low fees.  And that's while either ignoring or failing to understand that **this technology is going to be used at 1000x the speed and amount that VISA is used.** 


No, but I do think it is the most reckless option, on top of being a completely pointless drop in the ocean when it comes to the scaling problem.  A blocksize HF only serves to distract developers and the community from *actual* solutions that grant the *very needed* 100x or 1000x capacity increases.
**SUMMARY:** Thinking of Bitcoin's scaling problem as if "VISA transactions" are the target, is going to be seen like the developers for TCP/IP trying to ensure the internet can scale to transfer as many packets as the number of letters being sent through USPS.  LN and second layers are a necessity with 1MB blocks, 2MB blocks, 10MB blocks, and 100MB blocks.  There is NO future with a simultaneously global, private, instant, everyone can use, DEcentralized, and widely verified, cash-like digital network in which every single transaction is broadcasted and stored to every node on the network.  It is a computer science impossibility. Layers are necessary no matter what blocksize you think is better at this particular moment.
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:46:41


That's exactly what the market is trying to figure out, do we actually need separate and specifically designed networks for these use cases?  Or will they work fine as sidechains on the larger and more secure networks we already have?  


Yes, but creating a new brand may be more profitable currently, as the entire market remains untested waters.  I think consolidation as the technology becomes more familiar and widespread will effectively kill a large number of these projects.


When loosely considering the consequences it may appear this way, but I find the best way to think of this is using social media networks as comparison.  Technically, endlessly creating new social network platforms dilutes all of the others correct?  If I make MySpace, anyone who joins it is diluting the value of Facebook, as many of my friends cannot be contacted unless I too join MySpace.  But this didn't result in thousands of social media platforms, it resulted in a small number of highly used social networking platforms that *served separate use cases.*
Twitter is a great way to get nuggets of information from major players in an industry.  You can follow any major player in a business, entertainment network, open source project, and so on to get little pieces of opinions or announcements.  Facebook is a great way to stay in touch with old friends or associates whom you rarely get to see or interact with.  And its also a great place to get sucked into ignorant and unproductive political debates.  Instagram has shown to be great for artistic audiences and blogging.  Pinterest is excellent for organizing and sharing unique ideas, resources, and hard to find online stores.  
Some of these *dilute competing networks,* but some of them add value to each other by *expanding their reach and utility.*  I think the same will serve true in the cryptocurrency space.  The projects that are viable and can maintain solid development to set themselves apart for a focused and articulated purpose will find themselves with a larger network.  The ones that have nothing to offer, or fall behind in implementation and progress, will simply die off.  The markets do not have an endless energy for dumping money into new things for the sake of them being new.  A vast majority of business and capital simply wants something that solves a problem and does it reliably. 
Right now, we are witnessing the discovery and investment stage of this ecosystem.  Things will cool off and when "mainstream" adopts the technology it will gravitate towards the tokens or coins that simply solve problems by the best and cleanest methods.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:18:31
I was looking at the bubble comparison chart on the front page and the scale of the chart (because it includes the 2013 bubble peak) was out of whack and doesn't show where I think the correlation actually is.  
I made this chart based on the percentage and location of the shifts in the price, the time period which is more drawn out in today's market than in 2013 (2 months versus 4 months roughly), and where I think we are in the current bubble.
This, in my opinion, is a much better comparison for where we are and where I think the market could be going.  At each previous bubble, we have seen 50-100% increases within just a few days or less at the peak of the move.  The time leading up to when that move picked up momentum with a gradual 3x-4x over the months leading up to it.  In 2013 we saw a run from $100 to $450 in the months leading into the bull run, and then an enormous increase within a short period that more than doubled from the $450 price range.  This is what we have seen recently, growth from the high $1000s to $4500, with continued bullish indicators that may lead us into a doubling or tripling from here if this turns into a similar bubble.
Past behavior does not guarantee future behavior, so this is clearly nothing more than a correlation.  However, I don't think a $7,000-$10,000 price range within the next few months is out of the realm of possibility.  And I think this "peak," if it occurs, will take 2x-3x as long to find both its top and correct back to a more sustainable price target as it did in 2013.
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:30:29
it also has a permanently lower market cap because of 1000 altcoins... so.
@_date: 2017-08-30 18:52:41
That feeling is inevitable.  Don't stress about it.  As it would be ridiculous to think you can keep up with every new website that gets created.  This space is already so massive as to be nearly impossible to keep up with all the Bitcoin development and projects utilizing it alone.  Not to mention the thousand other altcoins.
Coinmarketcap.com has the websites, explorers, and some of the social communities linked to nearly all of the projects.  You can also scour them on github, reddit, join slack channels and chat with devs or other users to ask questions.  r/cryptocurrency is a decent place to start and a ton of people there have suggestions to finding out more.
Just make sure you do your research, some of the projects are promising, some are very weak, and some are scams with nothing but a pretty website and no development activity.  Its a full time job keeping up with this stuff, but its fun as shit if your into this kind of thing as much as I am XD
@_date: 2017-08-09 17:21:07
incoming flood of new Coinbase customers.
@_date: 2017-01-09 23:05:11
There is no economic decentralization without network decentralization.  That's analogous to saying we can have media decentralization on the internet without server decentralization as long as we can all cheaply start our own website.  Yet that introduces the risk of governments and centralized institutions shutting down websites they disagree with, manipulating social discussion, and limiting how and when we are allowed to communicate.  Debt based money is not a prerequisite to VISA's payment network.  
Network decentralization is the *only* decentralization.  Economic decentralization is both irrelevant and useless if the underlying network is subject to centralized control or manipulation.  
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:25:16
I think you've accused a large group of people of a single viewpoint that you don't have any evidence of.  You claimed, without preamble, that people were cheering and feeling joyous over the suffering of others and called them desperate and ambulance chasers.  I didn't see any reason for that comment and I think it's representative of an opinion you already held, rather than one you found.
@_date: 2017-01-10 18:04:03
It would be stupidly difficult, require ridiculous computer power, and would seriously run the risk of making them whatever government/institution attempted such a thing look foolish.  However, hiring a look alike, which governments are known to do, would be rather cheap and easy in comparison.  Not saying that's what has happened here.  Just saying the two possibilities are not limited to "it's definitely him," or "he's computer generated."
Edit: I also assume you are being sarcastic, but hard to know without the "/s"
Edit2: I stand corrected, real time facial capture and rendering is totally a thing and looks incredibly realistic.  I'm blown away, I had no idea that was so easy.
@_date: 2017-01-01 18:25:32
Someone made a large bet that the price of bitcoin would fall (called a short) and did so by borrowing more money than he had in his account to get exaggerated profit/loss (trading "on margin").  But when the price moved against his contract, he was forced to close with a massive loss.  Guy is probably having a *really shitty* start to the new year.
@_date: 2017-01-13 00:54:00


This is a fallacy.  There is no "fixed pie."  If twenty people have fishing poles and can catch on average 1 fish per hour, then I make 20 fishing nets and sell them to those people for a days worth of fish.  Now they can catch 4 fish and hour.  All of us are wealthier, because I unlocked access to more wealth and made their labor go further than otherwise. Without that trade we *are all poorer.*


Yes it is, because it means the economy is growing and money is stable.  I don't need to Google it, I've read books about it, ive taken classes about it, and I have studied it thoroughly.  I have also read books about other theories, and why and how the fallacy of deflation = bad came about.  In a debt based economy, deflation is terrible.  In a fixed monetary economy, deflation is both desirable and completely natural.  Www.mises.org is a good place to start if you want to learn something.  Maybe you can thoroughly learn the Austrian theory and then explain to me why it is wrong.  Since I have no doubt that I can explain why "deflation is bad" more thoroughly than you could, but understand perfectly why it's absolutely incorrect.
@_date: 2016-11-03 18:08:32
Catalisys?  Am I unaware of a joke/reference or were you meaning Catalyst and the keyboard got the better of you? ;)
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:32:47
The basic, "let's hard fork for bigger blocks" is absolutely a dominant scaling sentiment.  Whether I agree or not is irrelevant.  It is clearly there.
@_date: 2017-01-24 05:32:14
The original intent and absolute most important characteristic is Bitcoin's decentralization and distributed consensus for transactions.  The more nodes and miners we have to secure that consensus the better.  Bitcoin is absolutely working as intended and pretty well IMO.  Admittedly the wait times aren't fun, *especially* for new users who know little about the fee market or how to adapt.  
Long term solutions are the inevitable higher layers that can add endless features and far higher volumes while still retaining the core networks decentralization. 
One of the medium term solutions is better wallet development and price discovery for what fees are best at what times.  
The *quickest* solution however, is the Segwit soft fork blocksize increase.  it's most important aspect is that it doesn't risk decentralization, doesn't force nodes off the network, nor alter any fundamental consensus mechanisms.
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:00:07
I don't think they were meaning "why aren't *we* doing this?" I think they were meaning, "it's an open system and there are obviously idiots who constantly do this kind of thing, isn't it interesting that it isn't actually happening despite being essentially free to do so?"
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:03:35
You seem to be suggesting that we shouldn't be using these people's reputation as a means of filtering opinions under conditions of a lack of technical expertise, which I think is not only an inevitability, but also extremely useful.
Adam Back has had a commitment to cypherpunk principles and worked to build alternative systems for a very long time.  The history is easily available to research and analyze on the internet.  There is no evidence or history that suggests he would "sell out" to compromise his values.  Considering he has made a 20 year commitment to systems and principles I highly value, I am far more likely to defer to his judgement during circumstances where my ignorance prevents me from the ability to quickly verify a technical detail.  This is true of 99.9% of the community's situation.  **Many are going to defer their opinions and judgements by weighing the judgement or others due to the limitations of reality,** probably 99.9% of bitcoiners have never even verified *in the actual code* that the inflation rate is, in fact, limited and reduced every 4 years.  Yet, nearly everyone trusts that this is the case.  To a certain degree, it is completely unavoidable.


I do not, and see hardly anyone around here *"worshipping"* Adam, but I absolutely value his opinion, as would be moronic for me not to.  And even more so when almost *every* developer contributing to core agrees with his technical evaluation.  Yet the vast majority of them do not work for or depend on Blockstream at all and have absolutely no reason to lie or mislead about their technical conclusions.


Suspicion is useful, but there is no world where everyone can just look at the code themselves and develop an informed opinion.  And you are also equating two extremely different histories and reputations, as if there is no way to weigh Roger Ver (early investor, history involved in scams, not a developer) against Adam Back (20 year developer, invented hashcash, mentioned as inspiration in Bitcoin whitepaper) in regards to trusting their opinions on *matters of Bitcoin development.*
You are contradicting yourself by claiming people should ignore an individual's reputation, history, and status but then explaining why using judgements of their reputation (mom's more cypherpunk), history (create division and drive people apart, slow to get involved with bitcoin), and status (CEOs and political operators).   Valuing someone's opinion because they have a history of quality development and commitment to cypherpunk principles is actually a very useful way to filter the endless avalanche of opinions.  
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:17:58
The government has been using command and control regulation for decades in an attempt to slowly force companies to police their own customer base.  It is a long and very sad trend that has only grown the divide and distrust between businesses and consumers. 
@_date: 2016-12-15 04:23:22
... because their other option was Hillary?
@_date: 2017-08-09 17:16:09
To have money given to people without anything in trade only destroys the value of that money in relation to how much is taken/given for basic income.  If 5% of the supply is forcibly removed from productive hands and given to hands that trade or do nothing productive with it other than consume, then the economy loses 5% of its productive efforts.  
Leaving that 5% in productive hands has a cumulative and ongoing effect.  It keeps the economy growing and ensures jobs are available and prices decrease over time.  It is drastically more effective at eliminating poverty and it gives the poor a chance to make their own lives better and live in a more prosperous and low cost environment.  Destroying the value of the money while simultaneously breeding entitlement will only create a permanently poor and stagnant subset of the economy that lives cradle to grave on handouts and puts the economy in a slowly declining spiral.
The welfare state and the constant belief that we need to destroy the value and principles of both liberty and money to "fix poverty" are the *exact causes of widespread, lasting poverty.*
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:06:23
He is saying having support from some miners and businesses *does not equal* "everyone is on board."  
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:23:58
The idea is to build a technology that gives people more freedom, when some of those people try to destroy that freedom (whether out of maliciousness or ignorance), they should be met with resistance.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:59:08


This is exactly what we're talking about.  This is beyond ridiculous and so dismissive of the fact that there *clearly* are moronic arguments being made about Blockstream, SegWit, and LN.  I **still** see people talking about the anyone-can-spend SegWit "backdoor," the Lightning network "fake coins," the Blockstream "takeover by AXA," the equating of Blockstream with every core dev opinion, the empty claim that because the developers agree the only conclusion is that they've all "sold out," the idea that fees will stay low forever and sidechains will never be used if we just increase the blocksize, that "Blockstream" just wants to force everyone on their centralized LN servers... it literally never ends, there are *many* absolutely absurd arguments that literally were drowning out the rest of the discussion.  It's not even necessarily that the opinions are invalid in principle, its that *every fucking thread* would be a constant battle to argue the same belabored points over... and over... and over....  when it was clear that much of the discussion was being lead and manipulated by trolls.
I truly wish there was a clear cut way to determine who the trolls were and who is merely ignorant or unsure and looking for an answer.  But that simply isn't the case.  So when a point has been made and proven nonsense 500 times, its time to start banning the accounts that refuse to talk about anything else.
I don't doubt that perfectly reasonable or curious users have been either banned or had comments deleted unnecessarily.  I also agree that it helps give easy fodder in damaging r/bitcoin's mod reputation.  But I would much rather have it than not and watch this sub get overrun with that crap again.  I can, and often do, go over to r/btc just to read criticisms or concerns.  Some of it is sensible, but honestly I'm sick of a lot of these arguments and really appreciate that a lot of that crap has been kicked out of the forum.
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:50:51
Really?  How would you get it?  I haven't found anything on the website about this despite searching in the past. 
edit: Nevermind, I think I found it in transfer history.
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:32:33
Good to see it in the wild!  Glad it's still appreciated after all this time XD
edit: this is actually the first version, I made another with a few corrections to clear up some misunderstandings and minor inaccuracies
edit2: found the [link](
@_date: 2016-12-27 15:49:17
Sounds like you have it running properly.  But as many have said, think of this as a neat project that is costing you money... because it is.  Unless your electricity is insanely cheap (basically free), you won't ever make a profit with a desktop computer/GPU mining. 
I mine for altcoins every once in a while just for fun and I have a full node as well for bitcoin.  I would recommend setting up a node if your interested in supporting the network, it's not nearly as resource intensive as mining and can be done on a raspberry pi.
That's cool either way though.  Enjoy it.
@_date: 2017-01-19 16:20:00
I think the word "discuss" throws off the meaning somewhat.  It is better understood using the word "judge," IMO.
The quote is suggesting that great minds do not let themselves be misguided into focusing on the creators, supporters, or personalities around an idea in order to judge its merits.  Small minds, however, are easily fooled into throwing judgements and weighing the value of an idea based on where it came from, rather than the idea itself.  
Edit: then again that's the meaning I pull from it and the meaning that OP seems to imply with the rest of the post.  I don't know the context of this quote however.
@_date: 2016-11-28 19:31:53
You haven't been to r/btc in a while I assume.  That whole subreddit has been completely focused on stopping Segwit.  I saw a post just a few days ago that said something along the lines of "hold true to what you believe and we can stop them from destroying bitcoin with Segwit and their forced controls and fees on *our* network."  Top of the front page that day.
@_date: 2017-01-28 20:38:55
If you are referring to the hard fork, then yes, it could be a problem if they didn't upgrade.  If you are talking about the soft fork, no, nothing will change in non-upgraded wallets and all old and new nodes will confirm their transactions. 
@_date: 2016-11-02 23:44:20
I upvoted it shortly after it was posted, but didn't feel any need to comment.  
@_date: 2016-12-28 15:20:23
Which will never be accomplished using the current on-chain transaction process without severely damaging Bitcoin's decentralization.
Consumer adoption is going to be one of the very last things to happen with Bitcoin.  Focus on decentralization and secure scaling options now, consumer adoption will follow.  We should not blindly be prioritizing huge blocks just because "VISA does it."
@_date: 2016-11-12 19:46:36
And what do you know about ISIS?  A whole bunch of "never looked it up to confirm" impressions from the news.  Going to a website is not a crime.  You have not harmed anyone, you have not stolen from anyone, you have not defrauded someone.  What if it's a journalist?  Do we make a special committee to give out "Site Blacklist Exception" licenses? What if someone is curious, what if someone is tricked or redirected?  What if someone is connected with malware and their computer is used for ISIS routing?  
Because you have an *impression* that you received from *other people* that an organization, group, or idea is bad, does not make it ok to use violence against another in accordance with your bias.  The *exact* same argument could be made for Wikileaks based a whole bunch of ignorant people's impressions that they are terrorists and traitors for telling the truth and exposing crimes of those in power.  That is the precedent such a "law" sets and it will absolutely be used for control and censorship whether the architects intend it to be or not.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:44:03


And what if some of those arguments are incessantly spammed, obviously proven 100% inaccurate or outright impossible (i.e. the endless anyone-can-spend FUD), and get upvoted from a series of accounts and ready-to-vote bots before even enough time is available to read the actual post?
I do not agree with censoring discussion regarding an opinion, but I think the narrative that arguments are being censored on r/bitcoin solely because of their content is a convenient narrative for spammers.  Regardless of the degree that it appears, or actually is, true.
I see the big blocker argument and people disagreeing up here all the time, this is currently a full thread discussing censorship and bigger blocks.  I don't think I've seen any threads that are completely absent of it.  But to say that there has not been spamming and trolling on the topic at the same time is to either be ignorant or just disingenuous because it helps someone's position.  There has been serious "big block" argument and vote spamming in the past.  Keeping the forum from being overrun with it isn't as easy or simple a problem as many make it seem.  Undoubtedly there may be collateral damage, but at the same time, it could be made to *appear* as if there is a lot more collateral damage than actually exists.
@_date: 2017-08-17 16:09:35
true but it adds pressure by ensuring low fee transactions *don't* get through.  I think it has an effect of exaggerating the effect of fee increases.  And it is being done during a bull run where traffic is already very high.
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:09:44
who in the community was part of this deal?
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:58:43
I am openly and obviously a SegWit supporter and I have gotten incredibly frustrated with this debate on multiple occasions.  My intent however is to actually have useful data and attack this argument from a position where I don't assume I'm just right because I've worked through hundreds of arguments in my head.
With that in mind, I would like suggestions on how I can accumulate the best data while doing this experiment over.  Any suggestions from "hard-forkers," "big-blockers," "small-blockers," or "tired-of-this-shit-ers" are much appreciated.
I would like this discussion to be reasonable and actually work to assess the pains of getting a full node up and running at our current blocksize, and I would like to have a way to get detailed information of how much data its using while running as well as during initial sync.
Thanks in advance for the assistance.
@_date: 2016-12-20 17:57:23




Growth of *any* amount will result in change.  Prioritizing second layer solutions, by a wide margin, results in fewer risks to the core protocol.
Every channel needs two transactions to open and close them. LN is not some perfect "we will never need normal transactions ever again" solution.  The more money is sent over these channels and the more channels that are made, the higher the fees will be to open and close them.  Also the economics of transactions on the LN are different.  Larger amounts will require higher fees (today all transaction amounts are irrelevant), therefore will probably resort back to the main chain for anything over $100 (arbitrary but LN seems far more optimal for small TX amounts).  The large transactions would tend to max out multiple channels on LN, forcing those channels to close or be temporarily uni-directional.  Meaning moving $300,000 might be **more** expensive on LN (seeing as it would have to cover multiple closing/opening transactions) than the cost of a single TX on the core chain.  


So you think if Bitcoin becomes wildly popular, we have a global and active LN, it is almost infinitely scalable, provides multiple layers and features for security and privacy, and gives us instant worldwide transactions... that miners wont make any income because there aren't enough fees?  
This is eerily reminiscent and equally mentally lazy as the argument that "Bitcoin will fail because its deflationary and the price will keep rising until no one wants to spend it and it will collapse and die."
You simply don't want to see the many and obvious ways there will be plenty of money toward fees.  In addition, Segwit doubles the number of transactions in a block, does this not accomplish exactly what you claim to want?


But a possible 10,000x increase in capacity, cheaper transactions, instant confirmations, and added privacy *wont* lead to tons of growth, *wont* lead to more nodes, and *wont* be enough to for miners to make any money?


Except that roughly half of the nodes on the network are 2 or 3 versions behind and if they haven't upgraded in years, it is foolish to think they will all be present and willing to upgrade a HF.  Meaning a HF, **immediately** kicks off thousands of nodes from the network and we spend months or years trying to repair the damage awhile having to fight higher costs of running a node to get people to *charitably* secure the network.  
I find it ironic that you are worried about the miners, who get funded *two* different ways, but casually brush aside the costs to nodes who get *no compensation whatsoever* but are equally (arguably more) important to decentralization.


Which is why I support Segwit activation asap.
@_date: 2016-12-10 17:54:09
Assuming we will never have a blocksize increase, segwit will never get implemented, and despite an entire industry of people working to solve problems that not a sole will ever figure out any new ways, or ever build any of the many known ways, to fit more transactions onto the chain.  
@_date: 2016-11-03 22:14:23
I'm looking for it right now and can't find it.  I will though when I get home and I'll post it.
Edit: Haha [this one](
Looks like you were there, lol.  well done on this one.
@_date: 2017-01-08 18:07:47
It is just slower to regain access.  However, that means it is *far* more difficult for any attacker to get access as well.  My best friend has been using paper wallets since about 3 years ago for everything that he doesn't use for spending.  He seems to like that setup fine.  He has given me a copy of a few of them as well (encrypted obviously).  So as long as you make a number of them and have backups I don't really see any significant downside unless you intend to use/move your coins as often as I do.  TBH i just prefer managing digital anything.  I even take pictures of records and organize them on my computer because I hate paper XD
Edit:  Actually one kind of cool thing about paper wallets is that you can continue to add funds without ever making the wallet vulnerable.  Just keep the public address accessible and you can use it like a one-way piggy bank.  
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:37:51
Just saying, equating Blockstream with "that guy on Reddit who was a dick" is not how you get an informed opinion.  No, this is not "what Blockstream does," because Blockstream has nothing to do with the blocksize.  The *Core developers*, on the other hand, have instituted a blocksize increase as a soft fork already, so clearly, they agree with needing to raise it.  And none of those developers invited "newcomers to leave."   Someone called u/Frogolocalypse did. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:07:12
Very true, but its already been 3 days since the fork (that's 1.28 years in cryptocurrency time) and people still won't leave it alone.  Do you really think its gonna last a whole week, or 3 full cryptocurrency years, before it will finally die off?
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:43:40


Old news. ~~Obvious spammer on both BTC and BCH right now.~~ [edit: irrelevant]


...in a couple months.
@_date: 2016-12-29 17:42:29
And they all work using the same, well known, documented, and successfully practiced implementation of payment channels.  You are being purposefully obtuse, the truth is very simple.
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:37:43
Just had an interesting thought:
1/2 Depressed about forks? Consider: The way to politically manipulate community is to FUD about compromised dev "cypherpunk-ness"[link](
2/2 If measure of trust for our monetary system is its cypherpunk roots, then we have already turned the game upside down.[link](
@_date: 2016-11-21 01:47:39
This is my infographic and I completely agree.
I actually tried to address this in an edit after speaking with a few developers.  This analogy was inaccurate but was not any deliberate misinformation.  It was specifically pro-segwit developers who reached out to me to make the corrections.
The better analogy can be found [Here](
@_date: 2017-08-02 14:36:13
I never thought about that.  Do they do math from right to left as well and read charts that way?
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:13:17
Go to the state if you want counterfeiting money and endless inflation to "help the economy."  I'll entertain any blocksize debate and technical argument all day, but if you are saying we should entertain removing or changing the scarcity of the coins, then you are either a complete fool or want to see bitcoin dead.  Either way, kindly piss off.
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:49:58
I've been here since those days too.  Glad to be useful XD
@_date: 2016-11-03 22:08:48
From a few people posting to be wary of them and then a video at one of their conferences where a Bitcoin developer (I believe) was asking them the very questions I mentioned previously and got dodged 4 or 5 times and then politely told to shut up.  It appeared pretty obvious they were a scam, but that video was what convinced me.  I have never had a bitcoiner *avoid* answering questions about how Bitcoin works.
Listen, I'm not slamming your right to do so or the confidence it takes to challenge them if they are a scam.  Im glad there are people, including yourself, who take the time to seek them out and expose them.  I *do* applaud that. I'm just saying that the conversation in question probably didn't help to convince anyone getting scammed over there.
@_date: 2016-11-05 00:56:38
Looks like they reported earnings, which ended as a loss but took the price higher.  Typically when I see this its for multiple reasons:
1. Everyone was expecting the quarterly earnings to be a loss and predictions were much worse than the results.
2. The price has been falling into the release (look at the steep decline before earnings on 1 month chart), and the earnings being better than expected caused a rebound.
3. Some people may have been expecting the company to actually have falling revenue.  While there was a "loss" for the quarter, the company still had a 13% increase in revenue.
I haven't followed any stocks recently (bitcoin has monopolized my whole basket for a few years), but I did follow many like it was my job a few years back and these were very common scenarios when moves like this happened around earnings reports that were losses.  Seems to be the case here after scanning a few articles.
@_date: 2017-08-06 18:16:46
Thats what a hard fork is though.  Even with little to no support whatsoever, if it takes the same history and alters the consensus rules, it's a hard fork.
Also, technically the hard fork succeeded just fine.  There are some pretty serious hurdles and bugs, but it's not as if the network isn't operational.  
@_date: 2016-12-22 20:13:13
Lol wut?
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:37:59
It is not, the candlestick chart is irrelevant to what the data is specifically.  It is a really good way to visualize price movement of literally anything.
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:48:25
First heard about it through facebook from a group of cypherpunk anarchists who were having a little explosion of excitement over it.  A person in the group sent my brother and I a message thinking we might be interested (we are both economics and crypto geeks, a more perfect union does not exist).  It had just recently been jumping from $1 to $7. (On its way up to $30)  Needless to say I had taken the red pill within an hour or two and my brother and I practically pulled an all-nighter geeking out on how this thing worked the very first night.  We just could not believe how genius and yet simple the system was.  Haven't looked back since.
@_date: 2016-12-29 17:47:46
*"payment channels."*
@_date: 2016-12-12 18:28:17
So the FED, instituted by a *massive* legal and regulatory overhaul in 1913, is somehow not related to government simply because it is "privately owned?"  Without the government it neither would nor *could* exist naturally.  It is only through law that such an institution is able to maintain a monopoly.  It is *completely* the fault of the US government and its extreme susceptibility to the simplest and most obvious corruption that the FED exists. 
@_date: 2016-12-16 21:08:56
I'm fully aware of the general thinking on the topic but I disagree with it.  The product of the deflation=bad thinking comes from seeing deflation occur during a debt contraction, which is not remotely the same thing as deflation due to economic growth.  The problem during a contraction of the money supply isn't the deflation itself, it's that the supply was expanded using debt that couldn't be paid off.  Therefore, when people begin defaulting, having maxed out debt levels across the economy, the money supply is actually *shrinking.*. 
This is not the case when deflation occurs in a healthy, savings based economy.  The deflation occurs merely because the economy has become more efficient, thanks to better systems, new technology, and shifting to more productive or desired products/services.  The same amount of money will simply purchase more items.  Not because the money has changed, but because the number of hours it takes to produce goods has been decreased economy-wide.
The linked article is also simply assessing the damage of deflation when everyone is heavily in debt.  The debt levels are highly derivative of the manipulated interest rates though.  Meaning policy has caused extraordinary high levels of debt, therefore a downturn hurts those in debt far worse, and the *degree*of the deflation is also worse.  In addition, this all happens at the expense of those that save, therefore further discouraging savings (which receive no interest anyway) and worsening the damage of deflation during a debt contraction.
The article is based off the assumptions of a debt based money and price controls on interest rates.  Under those assumptions, they are right, deflation is bad.  But not because it is naturally bad, because government manipulation of money specifically pushes the economy into conditions that *both* worsen the degree of the deflation, *and* incentivize the economy away from saving.  Those savings are desperately needed during a period of contraction, since the spending of saved capital directly counteracts the effects of deflation when it occurs.
@_date: 2016-11-26 19:52:43
Unfortunately Coinbase and other companies actually watch for this kind of thing and will close accounts over it.  He can ignore it all he wants, but it could still cause him trouble.
@_date: 2016-06-10 12:13:22
Time and loss of novelty will be what does it.  An article recently said Bitcoin wasn't "cool" anymore as if it's a bad thing.  I honestly think that is sort of critical.  If people think of Bitcoin as "cool," "new," or "strange" then it is risky.  But if it's "boring old, been around forever, still works" Bitcoin.... Then you have something.
@_date: 2016-12-10 18:14:21
No it doesn't, because those fees will go in large part to pay for the opening and closing transactions for the core blockchain.  An increase in the demand for LN payments will increase both the utility (therefore the price) and the demand for on-chain transactions.  Fees will rise as they are representative for the fees that can be earned with LN channels.
It is far more likely that running an LN node will be not very profitable and tend toward the relative cost of opening and closing them. 
@_date: 2017-01-14 00:01:33
This actually made me chuckle :)
Edit: if it's not obvious, no, I do not work with or for blockstream, lol.
Also, to which posts are we referring?  Just because I support segwit and have argued in its defense?  And as far as Coinbase goes, I have no desire to defend them in particular, I've personally had a decent experience but it's certainly not without a few issues.  Tech support is just a sore spot for me, lol.
@_date: 2017-01-27 19:24:26
I remember that exact quote actually XD
@_date: 2016-11-16 23:00:42
Sooo how do I open a bank account in India? ⊙﹏⊙
@_date: 2016-12-28 22:46:48
te internet connection analogy doesn't quite work and here's why.  The best analogy I've found is to setting a *minimum* bandwidth requirement to be a seeder on BitTorrent.  Being a seeder is a charitable position.  You don't have to be a seeder and can freely leech off the network all day without providing anything in return.  Seeding is simply to bolster the network and it comes both wi costs *and* risks, which is why seeders are always fewer.
No imagine the BitTorrent network changed in such a way that you *had* to provide a *constant* 6mbps stream to be a seeder, anything less gets you kicked off.  Before you capped it at 2mbps so as to not to cause Netflix buffering.  You have offloaded added costs to *other* people who were already lending their bandwidth to the network, in the hopes of getting more *users* under the illusion that there is no cost.
I want cheap, instant transactions to happen in a secure way using better technology layered on top of a secure, immutable protocol.  I believe wiout a doubt that this is possible.  Maybe we need a HF in a few years to account for an ever growing system, seems inevitable really.  But rushing one "*right now*" because "we need consumer adoption" is reckless and has the wrong priorities in mind.
@_date: 2016-12-17 20:24:41
Recent calls screenshot or GTFO!! 
Lol but seriously there's no way, 47 is an ass ton of phone calls. I must know if you actually called that many times.
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:27:53
Because the scarcity and predictability of the coin supply is absolutely paramount!  It is one of the few fundamental differentiations from every other monetary system in the world.  It is *critical* for real economic measurements, it is *critical* for its value proposition, and it is *critical*as a representation of its resistance to governmental nonsense and politically motivated destruction of money.
In addition, it is completely lacking of *any benefit whatsoever.*. A hard fork is an incredibly risky endeavor, but to do it for a "stock split" is reckless to the point of stupidity.  It would have *zero* economic benefits, would be a huge pain in the ass to pull off, and completely bring into question the entire security of the system if we are so driven by surface perception that we all just want "some bigger numbers in our wallets." We might as well have a hard fork to change the name from "Bitcoin" to "SuperCoin!" It serves roughly the same idiotic purpose and would cause fewer problems.
@_date: 2016-11-03 21:50:43
I'm not giving anyone a pass because I don't know anything about it.  I'm judging the conversation based on what you said and how you acted.  You might be able to justify being kind of an ass by saying "oh they are scammers and they had it coming." Except that the way you spoke is going to be wholly unproductive if you were hoping someone would be enligtened to it being a scam.  Had I been there, on the other side of things, I would have stopped listening to you.  
If they are a scam, then helping them to look like the more mature side of the conversation didn't expose their scam to anyone.  It likely just cemented their bias.  I could go into a OneCoin meeting and ask difficult questions about mining, exchange rate and so on, but if I come in screaming "you guys are assholes!" "Answer my question bitch!" And so on, and then act justified and righteous about it... not a soul in that room is going to listen to me.  


You can challenge someone without being flippant, and you can be kind without being a push over.  And FYI, kindness never raped me, but I do know that being a jackass will probably get your ass beat sooner or later. 
@_date: 2016-12-13 19:46:51
Except that this isn't the case.  Which is why you use the word "maybe."  You are excusing their opposition by inserting a random justification.  It is clear in everything they release that this is just a political move against core because they did no take the route ViaBTC desired.  If they really thought flexible transactions were better, then they would spend their time talking about how awesome, tested, robust, and reliable "flexible transactions" are.  They don't.  They just spread discourse about Segwit and the Core devs.
They do seem to run a decent mining pool, except they support BU which has a terrible blocksize ruleset.  It took a lot of reading into it to realize some of the consequences but it is full of issues and where I entertained the idea for a while, I'd rather have a full on 8mb HF than BU at this point.  It makes a lot more sense to simply add a conservatively low, but perfectly predictable, percentage increase to attempt to keep up with bandwidth growth.
@_date: 2017-08-19 19:18:52
The freedom granted to people by the Bitcoin system.  It has allowed a small population the freedom to trade with who they see fit, the freedom to build and innovate financial systems and service without permission.  It has granted the freedom of privacy and true ownership of their own wealth.  If Bitcoin's security is compromised due to the influence of ignorant populations adopting it and attempting to "fix it," then the freedom for those who first built and nurtured this technology will be heavily diminished or threatened entirely.  Being *extremely conservative* about protocol and consensus level changes is without a doubt the surest way to secure the promises of this technology. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:24:03


Jesus Christ what is it with you people?  Maybe it's just somebody who saw a slush block without signaling and then rushed to post about it.  The amount of default "this guy has conspired to do such and such and paid shilling and malicious fabrication of populous opinion cheating conspiracy," is out of this fucking world.
Maybe they just... **didn't know,** GASP!
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:46:23
Some don't need to.  Those with time sensitive transactions pay more to get their transactions through.  Aside from that, it is foolish to rush a massive redesign to a very important characteristic of the protocol when the consequences could be irreparable.  Which is why the core devs have already created a soft fork that doubles the blocksize, without forking the network or fundamentally changing the limit and introducing a new vulnerability that could result in the loss of decentralization.
The best way to mitigate high fees from increased usage?  Implement the soft fork to double blocksize that ready and waiting :)
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:04:52
The petition is essentially a broad profile based warrant, which is specifically defended against by the fourth amendment.  There is actually a *very* good case in favor of Coinbase and their users.  It is similar to saying the IRS found two users of AT&amp;T cellphone service were avoiding taxes through phone sales and therefore they petition AT&amp;T to disclose every transaction, phone record, recorded conversation and call frequency of every single user because they "are probably doing something wrong."  
In fact, the IRS "requirement" is both illegal and unconstitutional.  It has just become such an expected norm that no one even bothers to care or question whether they have this right.  Simply put, they do not.
@_date: 2016-11-21 16:12:28
The first was the same size, someone (maybe OP) apparently just cut out the section with the analogy from my first version.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:29:29
I certainly don't think a whole new token is necessary. IMO it would work much better as a sidechain with its own payment system.  That being said, if Steem catches on (being an early mover with large investment) it could become the standard regardless of whether a slightly better way of accomplishing the same thing is available.  It wouldn't be the first time that a product or network became dominant despite not having the best or most efficient "product."  
@_date: 2017-01-27 21:13:42
I don't doubt there are people who applaud when a fiat currency is failing without regard to the terrible consequences of the population.  I don't think it's some "desperation" to get Bitcoin adopted, I think people simply like justification for their views.  
Your high horse on the matter however, considering how unnecessarily spiteful, derisive, and pessimistic your comments are for seemingly no reason, doesn't look to be earned.  You clearly seem to have just come here to satisfy your own views and share your disgust with this sub.  If you want o criticize someone, you should first learn not behave exactly like them.
@_date: 2017-01-24 23:49:34
That's the key to e network, you don't need to trust the middlemen.  The way the network operates is actually pretty fascinating.  I've done a ton of reading and am still trying to dig deeper.  As far as routing goes, it is theoretical only in the sense that there is no set standard for determining routes, but the achievement of payments is certainly possible. Determining routes is a problem of figuring out the best way to send/receive and update routing tables group everyone with multiple channels open.  There are many already existing methods to pull from conceptually and multiple others in development specifically for the Lightning network.  Check out Flare Routing for LN to get some idea of what is in the works.  
As far as incentive, there will likely be very low fees on the network.  However, another part of the incentive would be to essentially "refill" a lopsided channel.  For instance, let's say a node has a 10btc out and .1btc back in open channel, then they would want to prioritize routed payments that pull more coins toward balancing the channel so that it can remain open and continue to be useful for forward payments.  Where as most nodes will require fees, this node may temporarily accept zero-fee for the chance to keep the channel open in order to get the state closer to 5 out and 5.1 back or whatever is most useful for their needs as a business, node, or consumer. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:58:51
Honestly, you are right.  I don't even care anymore, just do both.  
I'm very worried about the consequences of hard forking, but I'm even more skeptical about BU's gate and depth parameters, it seems to introduce a new vulnerability.  
I think we do a 2mb HF with Segwit and BIP 103 to increase it predictably moving forward at a clean 17.7% a year.  Which will keep it manageable but accommodate continued long term capacity increases at the base level. 
If we have to HF, make it as absolutely useful as possible to attempt to mitigate having to do this again before next layer solutions are rolled out.
@_date: 2016-12-01 14:51:45
He did not by by a fatal hat ingestion just in case you didn't know.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:24:46
I don't think the peak will be quite as exaggerated this time if the bubble does behave similarly.  The more mature the market, the less the effect of surge of new capital.  I feel like if this move does happen again we would be more likely to see a doubling or slightly higher from here.  $10,000 target being heavy mental resistance that puts a damper on the moon hype.
@_date: 2016-11-16 16:54:16
I seriously never understood the constant berratement of Gavin.  Every time I've heard him speak or read his work he is completely sensible.  Even his stance on bigger blocks made sense to me despite the fact that I didn't agree.  He felt the core code should be agnostic in a sense and that it was the job of miners and developers to figure out how to deal with or compact the larger volume.  Which is essentially the same logic but opposite application that core is taking.  That it is up to developers and miners and such to figure out how to *pack* more volume into the current space.  
Yes he was tricked by Wright, but so was a *huge* swath of the community for a short time.  He even privately used the signature everyone was demanding public proof of.  So Gavin seemed to b privy to the very proof everyone else wanted.  So of course he would initially think that Wright might be Satoshi.
As much as everyone rails that his reputation was ruined by this whole Wright nonsense, I just don't see it.  He is definitely a smart guy and I still value his opinion.  I hope he sticks around and doesn't get run off by a few vocal, judgemental redditors.
@_date: 2016-12-01 13:50:05
Honestly, where else would you find 27,000 millenials?  Want to do that poll by mail? Maybe use a phone book?
@_date: 2016-11-28 02:00:38
[Foul on the Play: Ad Hominem](
There are responses to this argument and changes that can make it more effective.  Argue your opponents claims, attacking your opponent instead just makes *you* look bad.
@_date: 2016-11-03 20:04:49
Thanks for posting.  Honestly, whether I agree with Junseth or not, banning seems like a reasonable response.  Being an ass and then posting like they conspired against you is a bit petty.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:33:50
Your comment makes no sense in response to what I said.  I altered no definition of any word and there isn't even partially circular logic in the two brief comments I've made.
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:13:46
Exactly, this means we can have the best of all worlds.  It makes a lot of sense to have this as a side chain to retain normal transactions and scripting capabilities.  
@_date: 2016-11-03 03:00:03
These guys support Segwit right?
@_date: 2017-01-20 00:02:52
I've actually used it at least 10 to 15 times and have never had a problem :/
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:56:02
@_date: 2016-11-04 22:44:05
The momentum was already beginning to drain out of the price climb.  Bitcoin does this, it tends to move in bursts and then temporarily find a new, stable, and marginally higher, price.  It looks like we have found another right around $700, though with the upward drive halted, I think it could still drop $20 or a bit more before finding its new temporary home.
If it wasn't the fake China news that popped the strength of the climb, it would have been something else. Bitcoins trip to the moon isn't going to be a missile that goes straight there and slams into the surface, it's going to take decades, because we are building an elevator (check that, rollercoaster) along the way, then we will orbit for a few years, before finally planting down on the surface ;)
TL;DR Bouncing is in bitcoins nature, We are building a rollercoaster to the moon, not a rocket.
@_date: 2016-12-05 15:55:57
Hacking into a bank is theft that directly harms another person and steals their property.  Using TOR or bitcoin does not harm or infringe upon anyone and is certainly not a theft or violation of any moral code.
@_date: 2016-12-03 17:45:07
If we have fiat cash and banks that work so well, then why do we even need Bitcoin?  Stupid internet money has no use cases whatsoever.  Calling it now, Bitcoin is dead. 
Edit: /s
@_date: 2016-12-19 03:48:36
Well, yeah. A bitcoin based system would not be susceptible to this.  
That's really the whole point of this actually.
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:33:17
Its definitely a contender XD
@_date: 2016-12-20 17:04:06
That's not what this argument is about, maybe OP sees it that way but it's not.  Lightning network IS the cash layer for Bitcoin, and there are many other concepts and even implementations of other second layer, small payment solutions.  These solutions do *not* drag the core security of bitcoin into the dirt however.  Attempting to make individual bitcoin on-chain transactions both popular **and** cheap enough to use for something as small as a coffee has *shockingly high costs.*. Those costs are paid by *the network's decentralization and redundancy.*
Simply raising the blocksize with a HF is a direct trade off between the security and usability of bitcoin.  Yes it's mildly easier, and cheaper to use for a few months.  But it does so by risking the security and decentralization, a cost that may be irreversible.  
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:16:54
Arguably, the same could be said for the other side.  There seems to be a significant number of people who do no care that they can get twice the transaction volume with a SF immediately available.  They instead stubbornly insist that doing the exact same increase without fixing malleability, adding any features/preparations for additional layers, and while completely overhauling the block size rule set to an untested and very fragile system of node and miner votes is somehow preferable.  And the reasoning relies on the fact that it's better *because* it is a Hard Fork which will obviously, for anyone who bothers to have their eyes open, contentiously split the Bitcoin network.
I'm running out of reasons lately to entertain that this is all vehemently demanded for "the good of Bitcoin." 
@_date: 2017-08-06 17:02:07
The layered solutions and new developments with sidechains and payment channels will do exactly that.  Make it instant, reliable, and simple.  
I think you are over complicating things by making it seem as if the users will have to do all these crazy shenanigans to use the lightning network, yet your router is changing routes and hopping 10-15 connections every time you browse to a webpage.  Yet, obviously, it would be ridiculous to say that websites will never be fast and simple enough for the average person to use.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:36:27
Nothing, and that's the whole point of soft forks.  It doesn't put anyone's coins at risk and it doesn't kick old nodes or wallets off the network.  
@_date: 2016-11-24 19:55:44
It's actually a Multibit HD wallet bug Ive run into myself.  I fixed it by removing the wallet and loading from backup.  I think sometimes it works if you just reset it from within the client, but not always.
Edit: I actually still have one wallet apparently with a ~$0.50 transaction sitting unconfirmed that I never fixed.  It has over 10,000 confirmations on the blockchain though.  
@_date: 2016-12-29 14:47:36
But... but... Fractional reserve.
@_date: 2016-11-27 19:07:47
This is inevitable, but it does not remove their fees, which will be needed to close and open the channels, and it also makes sense that miners would be lightning nodes as well.  Considering the amount of bitcoin they would be mining and then the channels they could have open with each other and everyone in their pools it could be an awesome way to bootstrap the network.  It is very possible that pools and miners could all benefit from constant micro-transactions as they share and allocate computing power.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:16:15


You want to increase blocksize *until there is an enormous barrier to validation?*  
Wut?  That's like saying you want to just let the government run the internet until they are able to censor discussion and control who has access... then we will worry about that problem when it arrives.  Thank the lord some people have some foresight, because holy crap.
Just to add, I officially got my full node up today.  It took roughly 2-3 full days to download and validate the entire blockchain.  With recklessly raising blocksize to 8MB, that barrier would be horrible in just a years or two time.  There would come a point very quickly where the blockchain was so large that new nodes simply were never spun up on the network due to the ridiculous resource cost.  imagine having to download a 1TB blockchain *just to sync with the live network.*  The fact that so many people gloss over an enormous barrier to validation can only mean they have no idea of the importance or the time and effort to setup a full node.
@_date: 2016-12-29 21:46:34
LN is an implementation of payment channels and NlocktimeVerify.  
Payment channels are not new or some weird change of Bitcoin.  They are well-known, documented, and successfully practiced.  *Exactly as my comment says.* I'm unsure if you just got tired after the first line and couldn't read anymore, but if you read the full two sentences you will realize you are responding to something that isn't in my comment.  
@_date: 2016-12-29 22:52:23
Yes, that's correct.  That is a best guess based on theory and how the network operates. But the efficiency and how long a channel can be sustained during real world use is completely unknown.  In addition, the hub-and-spoke network layout is also just an extrapolation and is not known either way for certain.
@_date: 2016-11-03 22:33:40
Fine with me XD
@_date: 2016-12-14 03:41:25


I'm very curious how you intend to do that on-chain for every transaction without simply being Paypal?
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:04:13
Those that I've heard:
1.  It's complicated 
2.  For those that spend using segwit clients, if a horrible vulnerability is found and the SF has to be rolled back, segwit coins can be stolen without segwit nodes to secure them. (Legitimate, but unlikely)
3. Blockstream is run by the banks and/or purposefully crippling Bitcoin:  This is sarcastic obviously, but from my searching it is the most prevalent opposition.  Simple and deep seeded distrust of the Core Devs for whatever reason.
4. Using HF segwit would be cleaner, as transactions on segwit wouldn't have to have the non-segwit "anyone can spend" signature on them. (Variation on 
Those are the main ones I hear, would like to see if u/Redpointist1212 can gather any others.
Edit: and here I'm *actually* trying to sum up the arguments against and I just get downvotes rather than any correction or response.  
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:31:40
Your bitterness and "move on" comments don't help.
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:23:00
Why wouldn't the miners be LN nodes themselves?  They literally have the perfect environment for it.  The large mining operations have high bitcoin volume which would connect them with channels to exchanges, and the mining pools are constantly having to pay fees out to individual miners.  Both would immediately become some of the most highly connected and best funded nodes by default as soon as they opened channels for the funds they are already constantly moving.
@_date: 2016-12-29 17:33:57
This is not true, there are multiple implementations of the LN and there are a great many thorough technical breakdowns of how it works.  Your vague truism doesn't excuse lying and saying it "creates fake coins" when this is demonstrably and completely false.
@_date: 2017-08-27 20:59:12
The more altcoins and differing approaches to scaling we have, then the better, more secure, and more decentralized the ecosystem is.  That being said, that's all the more reason to keep Bitcoin with small blocks and scale in layers as there are literally hundreds of options scaling with larger blocks and/or faster block times. It will be years before we discover the centralization consequences of "larger blocks as needed."  Which is why its so critical to leave Bitcoin alone so we have real data for comparison.
In addition, I don't see how the let's stop forking "hard liners" are the ones causing a rift in the community, I think a lot more fault is on the supporters of larger blocks who refuse to simply put their economic power behind Ethereum or another coin with their exact desired solutions already in play.  Instead, they want to break one of the *only* extremely conservative and totally decentralized focused coins just for the sake of profiting from the Bitcoin brand.  Bitcoin is already designed with small blocks and the only way to break blocksize consensus (as BCH has proven) is to split another coin off of it.  No one came in and forced everyone to accept small blocks, they have simply been here all along and part of the community claims we *must* change it or somehow they are being denied something.  There is no scenario in which the "increase by soft fork only" chain doesn't exist, yet most big blockers either fail to understand or refuse to accept that many people disagree with their stance and continue to fail in taking over the brand.
**TL;DR** 
This stubbornness is almost entirely over **ownership and profit of the Bitcoin brand and little else.** There are practically endless options from a purely technical perspective which fully satisfy the big blocker desire which for some reason aren't "good enough" for no other reason than people refuse to call it "Bitcoin." 
@_date: 2016-11-07 19:01:34
Only reason I could see Trump winning as a good thing:
Both parties hate him.  If he becomes president there is a small possibility that Congress won't let him get anything done.  In addition, being the asshole that he is, he probably won't let Congress get anything done either.  If he doesn't approve, or maybe just out of spite of not getting his wall, he will likely veto everything Congress tries to do.  
If that happens, we could actually end up with a government stuck in limbo, that can't get anything done.  Which I think is exactly what we need.  This will by no means make me go out and vote based on the small possibility.  But Trump might not be the end of the world.
We'll see I guess.
@_date: 2016-12-12 18:44:20
Holy crap!  You think the free market is about offloading risks onto other people?  But somehow government and socialism specifically and openly rallying to "get the other guy to pay for it," "make risk illegal", "drugs are risky outlaw them", "gambling is risky, make it illegal," "retirement is risky, lets get the rich to fund a massive involuntary safety net," "price fluctuations are risky, lets give {insert whatever industry} a subsidy," "healthcare is expensive and difficult... education is expensive... it's risky to buy a house... and on and on and on," somehow is **not?**. Let's get the government to force someone else to pay for it!
This is the rallying cry of essentially all political debate and you think *freedom* is the problem with offloading risk!?  That making everyone responsible for their own lives and their own crap and to stop forcing people to pay for things they don't agree with is somehow a way to *defer* risk onto people who have not earned it?
The free market is about realizing that trying to use the monopoly of government in some fairy tale way to outlaw risk, in reality, accomplishes the opposite.  I am not so naive to think that granting monopolistic control of a completely involuntary multi-trillion dollar set of industries and funding into the hands of a single, infinitely political institution somehow *solves problems.*. 
Your statement reveals such a gross misunderstanding of both what freedom is and even more shockingly of government and literally everything it has ever aspired to, that I have a hard time wrapping my head around it.  
@_date: 2016-11-16 17:43:21
If you expect "experts" to be anything other than normal ass people, which they are, you are going to spend life being severely disappointed and wholly misguided.  None of them are gods or infallible by any means, and we should never expect them to be.
@_date: 2016-12-09 04:41:04
In your scenario the customers pay for the costs of the extra capacity.  You, who pays the cost, earns more to make up those costs.  With Bitcoin, the costs are being pushed onto other people, everyone running a node.  We should value the networks security and long term decentralization over how many people can use it tomorrow morning.
@_date: 2016-12-29 02:22:21
PayPal, VISA, MasterCard, and every major bank does this already.  Bitcoin is not currently competing on a "transactions per second" value proposition.  It has value because it is decentralized, open, and uncensorable.  That's pretty much it.  
If a different altcoin accomplishes this with individual core blockchain transactions then it has developed an incredible new system or technology.  Either it can be implemented into Bitcoin, or it's a game changer and a HF to 2mb isn't going to make a wink of difference.


This is completely false.  There are *many* different systems under active development and even more as concepts that can scale bitcoin to vastly larger volumes without compromising decentralization.  LN is a great example.  It allows for secure instant transactions and has the capability of removing the necessity of having exchanges and/or wallet services needing custodial control over users coins.  It has the potential to *decentralize* the heavily centralized bitcoin services industry.  
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:11:19
This is why it is so stupid to personify and attempt to  attach character judgements to a large and diverse group of people.  Because those who disagree can merely create a narrative that the 300,000 subs to r/bitcoin "is bad people" and be perfectly reinforced in their belief with just one or two links to an idiot somewhere saying we should attack this, spam that, or downvote something because they disagree.  And simultaneously a person who sees a narrative of r/bitcoin being "thoughtful and intelligent people" can find a handful of examples of well reasoned arguments and encouraging of open and fair competition to be perfectly satisfied with their opinion.
It only serves to support delusions to be in denial about the fact that nearly every community has some degree of thoughtful and reasoned people as well as huge swaths of complete morons.  Thinking that a link to one idiot proves a judgement of the character of a mass of individuals is exactly what many of the idiots of all communities do.
@_date: 2016-11-03 17:02:32
Lol, I'd like to hear the angle on this one.
@_date: 2016-11-03 22:27:37
I judged a single conversation and that judgement hasn't changed.  Also, I'm not new here and haven't licked any assholes recently.
@_date: 2016-11-23 16:33:01
Thanks!  The inaccurate analogy keeps popping up and I don't always catch it.  Last thing I wanted was to be spreading a false idea or an incorrect way of picturing the changes.  Good to have help ;)
@_date: 2016-12-06 18:53:09
My comment was taking *your* extreme in order to argue the principle, and then you ignored the argument *and* the principle in question to pretend I wanted to walk around with a grenade and then told me to go to Somalia....
I feel like you are having most of this conversation with yourself.  So... I'm gonna go.  ಠ_ಠ
@_date: 2016-11-16 02:55:22
Be careful, there are a few wallets (mycelium included) where if you select "high priority" it will select based on other fess (not sure the exact way they are selected) but I've seen them hit 50¢ or higher even though as low as 6¢ will still get you in the next block.  
Its got to do with how fees are determined by some wallets out there and high priority setting is *rarely* needed.  Step priority setting down a notch and you should get the median fee, which is completely sensible.
@_date: 2016-11-01 16:14:31
What it takes to get into Bitcoin now: Search for exchanges you have never heard of, read in shock about hacks, sign up and get identity/bank confirmation, get real nervous, take a week to fund your account, buy Bitcoin, spend days reading/figuring out how to safely secure them outside of the exchange.
How to get into Bitcoin with ETF: Do you have an E-trade account?  If yes, buy Bitcoin ETF like any other stock or ETF.  Nothing new, nothing confusing, nothing strange and alien. 
Conclusion: An ETF will likely result in enormous upside for the price.  It will allow institutional investors to get exposed to Bitcoin wi millions of dollars through the same financial avenues they have been using for years or decades.  More importantly it opens to a market of investors that never want to hold the actual currency/gold/commodity in the first place. They just want to invest their money and let other people deal with it.
@_date: 2016-12-19 19:37:05
The nature of this whole nonsense summed up right here folks:
Explain away censorship, bias, and insults from those who agree with me; damn those who think differently, not based on their arguments or code, but by accusing them of censorship, bias, and insults.
@_date: 2016-12-29 15:00:01
Lots of them out there actually.  I give myself at least a week or two break between LN arguments on r/Btc.  The problem is the large number of people who have *absolutely zero understanding* of how it works, so they literally just make shit up that's demonstrably false and dance around it for 30 comments.  It's even worse when they quote a *different random r/Btc user's false claim.*. As if it's true simply because someone else said it.
Most common arguments are "it enables fractional reserve on the block chain," "it will allow big banks to promise fake coins," "all you are exchanging is IOUs, that's the horrible crap we have now," "someone might redesign LN later to inflate the coins," "it's a totally different network, it completely changes Bitcoin," "there won't be any fees and miners will leave the network and it will collapse," "it is Blockstream's centralized banking layer and we aren't going to let them do it to OUR Bitcoin."
The list goes on and I have literally heard many of these almost verbatim.  Trust me, there are a scary number of people who oppose this.
Edit: Just to be clear, this is not all of r/Btc.  The reason I lump them together is because those kind of insanely incorrect posts get pretty heavy amounts of upvoting and no one seems to correct them.
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:58:15
I assume you haven't really used namecoin yourself?  I tried multiple times and continued to come back to it, but its just incredibly *not* user friendly.  To view .bit domains the last I tried was with a chrome plugin that took literally hours to sync.
Because of its promise, I have given it the benefit of the doubt on many occasions, I have registered many names, I have lost names because it expired and I didn't have any way to auto-renew, and I've just never been able to easily navigate to .bit domains.  Its like buying a website on an internet no one else is even on.
Maybe things have changed, but last I heard the development wasn't going anywhere and the project was basically dead.  The platform has been sub-par in multiple ways whenever I have tried to use it.  
All that being said, I would love to hear things have changed and the project has made huge improvements.
@_date: 2016-12-16 20:15:55
Unfortunately this is not really the case.  Savings encourages investment because it signals to producers that customers actually have money to spend.  
Attempting to manipulate it artificially creates a situation where businesses invest *even though* customers have no savings to spend.  Therefore you get a bubble, where there is large amount of investment and it appears everyone is getting wealthier, but then 8-10 years after its run its course we realize we produced 5 times as many houses as customers can afford.
Savings make a resilient and robust economy that has excess to spend.  Inflation and artificially lowering the cost of debt creates temporary booms built on false price indicators.  This results in a fragile economy where a simple market contraction or shift in interest rates can cause a severe downturn.
@_date: 2016-12-19 19:42:17
Are you suggesting 33% credit card acceptance is high?  I wonder if we did the same thing for grocery stores, gas stations, vape shops, and liquor stores, if the percentage would be the same?  ಠ_ಠ
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:05:58
The ability to build a payment layer and use smart contracts to bundle payments will result in normal use that has incredibly tiny transactions.  That's all LN is anyway.  It is a smart contract that can exchange with other smart contracts.  A $1 on chain fee is irrelevant, because basic everyday purchases won't have to pay a fee.  
It is so pointless to do a 2MB hardfork that I just don't understand why some people won't to create *another* coin (which it will do) just to get a pathetic increase in the blocksize that we have essentially just gotten with SegWit. 
Bitcoins value has nothing to do with its low fees.  With small or large fees, Bitcoin has enormous value for a broad range of applications.  If the network becomes so difficult to verify that it takes forever to start up a full node, then Bitcoin will absolutely lose the security of the peer-to-peer network of verifiers.  Then low fees won't matter at all, because it won't be useful for *anything.*
We can build payment layers a thousand different ways on top of Bitcoin to grant incredibly low or basically zero fees.  Please just go build something to make bitcoin useful instead of complaining that "the developers aren't doing it the right way."
@_date: 2016-11-19 15:09:40
The guy was actually killed by a heroin overdose if I have my facts straight... of course... maybe heroin overdose is a side effect of eating hats (⊙_☉)
@_date: 2016-12-17 15:07:53
To person 
"I swear I called like 11 times."
To person 
"I called the damn bank at least 19 times!!"
To person 
"I'm so sick of the bank! I've talked to them for hours and hours and had to call over 30 times!"
Reddit Post:
"I CALLED THE BANK 47 FUCKING TIMES!! God these cunt nuggets sons a bitches won't give me my money!"
Actual call count = 4
I have been there, and I feel your pain.
@_date: 2016-12-21 22:28:12
ACTUALLY, it's a protected *private key* that unlocks a particular address.  So *technically*, they are *keys*.  
Pedantic that!
@_date: 2017-01-11 23:57:36
Just put it in airplane mode when you type it in.  Phones take seconds to get back online.
@_date: 2016-12-12 19:43:03
"free market utopia?"  In what way did I even suggest such a thing, arguing with something you have assumed is I'm sure fun but it gets us nowhere if you just make up things that I say.


This is just false. Innovation is a consequence of creativity.  Equating the fact that government spends mountains on R&amp;D with the fact that innovation exists is a pretty steep fallacy.  Innovation exists because people have desires, dreams, and ideas.  The market (people innovating and trading voluntarily) is responsible for the vast majority of innovation, productivity, and efficiency.  The government "R&amp;D" is the same shit the market creates, the only difference is they take money *from* the individual goals and desires of those who earned that capital to direct it toward *government* goals and desires.  


Irrelevant.  This has nothing to do with a involuntarily imposed political system.  That's like saying "If someone gets his house destroyed by a storm, are they free?  No, now stuff sucks... so lets make him a slave since he is a slave to bad weather already."  
It is nonsensical to say a person is a "slave of reality" therefore making them a "salve of other men" might actually improve things.  Does "Vice" disappear when people are made politicians?  Is there a magical power here I'm unaware of?


Because those vices exist.  The goal of society is to figure out how to create peace and productive trade while greed, vice, and bad people *exist.*  The foolish goal of government is to think we can beat the vice, greed, and bad people out of existence and everyone will change for the better, forgetting that control, hubris, and the desire to change others when the world isn't as one expects it to be is a *horrible* vice itself.  One that is endlessly rewarded in government.


Yup, a massive, century long consequence of the government manipulating the price of debt, incentivizing the ever growing divide between healthcare providers and patients, the monoplized and politicized issuance of medical licensing during the takeover by the AMA during cries of healthcare prices *falling* too fast (read about the American Medical Association and the political takeover of healthcare licensing in the early 1900s if you want a little history).  You just named two of the most extravagant consequences of trying to fix something using the government, and then blamed freedom.
@_date: 2016-11-24 18:11:20
Then what evidence would it take for you to consider it a spam attack?  The transaction pool exploded in a 24 hour period.  Something tells me the reason your ignoring the clear possibility that this is yet another deliberate flood of the network like we have seen 3 or 4 times now is because it strengthens your opinion and nothing else.  No one in their right mind could objectively look at the massive spike we have had and *not* consider that it might be artificial.
You are being disingenuous because it rewards your bias and nothing else.  It *may* not be a spam attack, but it certainly *is* behaving like the attacks we have seen in the past. 
@_date: 2017-08-30 19:12:24


I cannot reiterate enough how ignorant this statement is.  We will need LN and drivechains to scale Bitcoin **even with 300MB blocks.** And that's if we are using *only VISA* as a barometer for transaction throughput.  Yet those 300MB blocks would add 15TB to the blockchain every year and still not manage close to the speed and low cost of a credit card with standard on-chain transactions.  
And remember that's if we *only* use Bitcoin for **shopping** (IMO its weakest and least important use case) and ignore decentralized financial instruments, smart ownership, distributed computation sharing, distributed storage, asset management, proof-of-history, notary and document signature, identity management, smart contracts, resources management and on and on and on.  There are so many revolutionary uses and all anyone can talk about is how many transactions we can fit in blocks to go *shopping?!*
LN and drivechains are needed for scaling *absolutely independently* of whatever we pick as a blocksize.  But all those use cases are immediately put at risk if the network has only a handful of validators and running a node is a horrific pain in the ass.  I strongly urge you to think hard about that claim and what it actually suggests.  Please *really* take the time to consider the scaling problem and whether 20 tps has any effect whatsoever on the need to have layered scaling and sidechains.  I would argue its not even a drop in the bucket, but a drop in the *ocean.*
@_date: 2016-12-22 20:13:53
Would be neat and definitely good exposure.  Probably depends on interest and what it might be competing with on the day in question.
@_date: 2016-12-06 15:17:38
*I* didn't say math was always harmless.  Im arguing that there is nothing inherently bad about Bitcoin, torrenting, or TOR.  At least no more so than cash, a hammer, or a baseball bat.  All can be used for good or bad.
The premise of the Rule in question  sets that they are allowed to hack you (or obtain a warrant to do so) if they can prove you were using these things, which is insane really.  I mean this even stretches to using VPNs to watch content not available in your geographic area.  Literally trying to recreate physical location restrictions on a global network.  The level of ignorance and denial here is almost staggering.  It's frightening to watch someone willing to be violent toward others frantically make weaker and weaker excuses to use that violence against people.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:29:25
But AXA invested in his company.  He **must** be compromised.   /s
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:26:59
Bitcoin, as a decentralized and immutable money, is a first in *all of human history.*  Cheap, fast transactions can be accomplished a million different ways and are historically unimportant.  
Bitcoin will not change the world for a second if all we prioritize is ensuring it is cheap to use.  If *somehow* Bitcoin can no longer be used for small, simple payments (I think it's ridiculous to think this is the case) it will be inconsequential in regards to whether Bitcoin succeeds.
Edit (wording)
@_date: 2016-12-25 18:48:34
It's much less about what they do with it and more to do with how they "earned" it and why they remain wealthy.
If someone has gotten wealthy by making an awesome product, company, or invention, more power to them.  But there is very large and growing number of people who make money off political favors, hold power through political privilege and corruption, and have institutionalized fraud on a scale that makes them a permanent fixture of the 1% in spite D being an economic *drain.*
Earned wealth is fine.  A growing number of the 1% is stolen wealth in one form or another these days.
@_date: 2016-12-06 16:50:30
Ok let's take the extreme and use a grenade. 
Let's assume that I'm causally walking with a grenade strapped to my belt. Everyone has the right to kick me off their property if they wish. I can certainly be turned down from entering any store or residence because I have a *freaking explosive* on my person. But let's say I'm in my own backyard, not threatening anyone, simply minding my own business, and a person comes up to me and begins beating me with a bar and slams me on the ground. I attempt to fight back (obviously, because someone has attacked me) and he pulls out a gun and shoots me in the head. Or maybe he doesn't shoot me, maybe he just ties me up and locks me in his basement for a few years. Do you consider him justified in either of these actions because he was scared of my grenade?
I also don't believe purchasing a grenade should be illegal or that the FBI should have the right to enter my house because they know I have purchased one in the past.  I agree with your, albeit sarcastic, argument.  Having a grenade does not necessarily mean someone is up to something evil... and I guess can use it as a hammer if they are completely retarded.
@_date: 2016-12-15 20:19:18
How could one be put in jail for this?  Yes fired, yes terrible review, yes shunned and never to receive another booking for kids events... but... jail?  Over kids being exposed *"gasp!"* to penis shaped candy?  
I don't quite understand the *crime* here. 
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:07:54
If they didn't at least put up the image of fighting, they would, and probably still will, take significant loss in users and market share.  This will be very damaging for them.  Particularly in a market with privacy built as a pillar of its foundation.
@_date: 2017-01-24 14:08:09
So because you heard "Astroturfing" exists, people who disagree with you are now all hired by Blockstream to piss you off?  Any possible reason or even a crumb of evidence to believe something that ridiculous?
You are disagreeing with me on the internet!  Since that is all the evidence needed, who should I assume *you* are Astroturfing for?  Did **The Banks** hire you!? Get out of here you banking shill!!!
See... it's stupid when I do it.  It doesn't look any different when you make an absolutely baseless claim that someone who disagrees with you on the internet *must* have been hired by some other unrelated people that you also don't like... 
@_date: 2016-12-11 05:36:39
This is a common opinion but wholly inaccurate.  The thought is largely derived from he velocity of money equation that attempts to treat money as something with unique and singular laws directing it.  When breaking down the equation though, the entire thing is simply an identity.  In other words, the two sides of the equation cancel out and can be simplified down to 1=1.  In other words, it's meaningless. 
The easiest way to understand this is by using any commodity.  Gold works well.  Very few people make large numbers of gold exchanges.  Particularly when compared to more common money.  Yet gold isn't "going out of style" or "failing" because it's not used as payment very often.  It's scarcity and utility make it a wonderful hedge against economic turmoil.  Bitcoin has similar benefits. 
Hoarding is the act of attributing higher than market value to your asset.  It means the "hoarders" (who should actually be called savers) either have decided to defer their payments to the future (many savers means a resilient, stable economy), or it means they hold an asset that they feel is undervalued and expect to make a profit from increased demand.  
Nothing regarding the act of saving is damaging to a currency.  Not a single currency in human history has failed because there were "too many people hoarding it."
@_date: 2016-12-14 02:08:53


Exactly, and unfortunately those people are very loud and it is what they talk about a majority of the time.  It is very bad for any reasonable arguments out there that this drowns out any serious discussion of the matter.
@_date: 2016-11-24 16:01:19
I'm sorry, but what makes you think a hard fork to the weakly tested pseudo-limitations of BU would go any smoother if a soft fork wont go through?  Especially when it is clear that everyone is making these decisions based on their ego and "not trusting this guy because he or someone near him has insulted me."  
Even the recent Chinese miner reiterated multiple times that "not trusting communist dictators" was why he didn't want segwit.  With vague regurgitations of the "too complicated" mantra.  As if activating segwit will somehow grant a secret stash of infinite hashing power to the core developers.
Hardly anyone is making their assessments based on the actual code.  [end rant]
@_date: 2016-12-21 18:12:13
well how else do you show a Bitcoin to people who have no idea what it is?  Just show them a screen with a number on it?  It makes perfect sense for them to use the physical coins.  
For one, they are real Bitcoin technically, and second, it is one of the few images that conveys Bitcoin as a form of money without having to explain it.  Somebody sees a coin and the name Bitcoin and they know this article is about some new form of money and they didn't even have to read anything... and the "story" that the image tells might make actually get them interested.
I think the image works fine and is beneficial to one who knows nothing about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 21:44:09
That's exactly what they do actually.  They have made agreements with many middle eastern counties to hold their debt in US treasuries in exchange for military aid and to price oil sold from those countries in dollars.  It's actually a brilliant political maneuver because it appears to them as if they get US assistance for barely any cost.  Most don't realize that this allows the US to print trillions of dollars.  Normally this causes massive inflation but because of the petrodollar, the monetary dilution is spread out across much of the globe as much of the dominant form of energy can be bought only *after* exchanging for dollars.
The countries and/or middle eastern leaders who have attempted to diverge from this policy, understanding the costs associated, have almost all resulted in either direct American war/invasion or endless covert action to destabilize their political systems and insert dollar-friendly dictators. 
@_date: 2016-12-13 19:31:29
So a much more difficult to pull off hard fork that has significant consequences is better than an immediately available soft fork that does essentially the same thing for transaction volume and fixes those issues while making *many* additional solutions viable also?  
This is about politics and trust.  It has very little to do with the actual code.  People who deny this, I think, are lying to themselves because it's rather blatant at this point.  In fact, it has been outright stated on multiple occasions and the endless arguing on other forums are about distrust, "overthrowing core," and "sticking to our vision."
@_date: 2016-11-16 13:27:38
Ok, I'm not sure if there has been any change, I just know it was one of the wallets that suggested higher than necessary fees due to how they calculated them.
@_date: 2018-06-06 19:38:43
Its entirely theoretical based on the limit of standard hardware to perform lightning transactions multiplied by the number of channels.  Lightning is awesome, but using this number like its been achieved or is even close to being performed on the live network is a bit disingenuous.
edit: The limit for individual node channels is 500 tx/sec I believe.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:25:06
sigh... do you even know how multisignature works?  If you did, or if you even started reading this paper, you would feel really silly comparing this to a bank or credit union.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:35:14
we don't need banks, and this has nothing to do with them.  Every player in this "node group" would just be an average user with funds.  Essentially you could get together with 8 friends (or random nodes if you like) and create a multisignature address to pool funds where you (and all other participants) *can only validly retrieve the funds you put in.* 
Then using that multisig address, the participants open subsequent 4-of-4 and then finally 2-of-2 with each of the other participants, splitting up the funds.  This allows channels to be rebalanced at a higher level if one person leaves.  rather than having to close your channel on the blockchain, you can close the channel back to a higher level multicsig channel, and re-up your 4-of-4 multisigs with the funds locked with the now-non-participatory node.  And everyone can reopen 2-of-2 channels for the lightning network and not have to worry about the disconnected nodes causing delays or locking funds.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:34:45
They don’t really, but that doesn’t make them unimportant, it just means they are hard to measure.  
It’s similar to knowing there are thousands of fake Facebook accounts.  That means knowing the number of actual Facebook users is difficult, but it makes no sense to then say Facebook is valueless because we don’t know exactly how many real users there are.  It’s value is still entirely dependent upon its real network.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:10:19
Nodes definitely matter, but only in the sense that they are real capitalized nodes. If a single person spins up 200 nodes on AWS, then as a measure of its network importance and value added it is no more than a single capitalized node. 
People constantly misconstrue the fact that Sybil attack nodes don’t matter, with the belief that nodes themselves don’t matter. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:07:53


No... no they’re not.  
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:01:06
Don’t worry it isn’t a significant problem.  The keys to your wallet are still the access to the coins.  There is a default time decay for dropping transactions from the mempool, I just can’t remember off the top of my head.  When that happens they will show back up in your wallet.  
For now I would check to see if you wallet has a “rescan and sync with blockchain” setting you can use that just checks the address balances. 
Another thing you can check is if you can delete wallet and transaction history from your wallet and rescan.  That will make the wallet forget you sent the money and check the blockchain again (which still has the coins in that address)
Don’t worry, I’ve been where you are, your bitcoins aren’t gone. :)
Edit: If you do any of this make sure to CHECK YOUR BACKUP. Then go to town. Bitcoin Life Rule: Don’t ever do any deleting or moving of anything without verifying your backup. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:30:59
The industry is fucking consumers thanks to ongoing and incredible assistance from the government.  Every inch of power given to the government is just more given to the highest bidder.  Please don’t be so shockingly naive as to think “this time” it will all work out and our problems will be solved.
If you drink something that makes you throw up, drinking more of it won’t fix your stomach problems. 
The government is not a networking solution, it is a problem starter, period.  Encryption and a better network protocol is the *only* chance at a real solution. You might as well have the government pass a law that says no one can counterfeit or inflate our money... oh wait.
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:27:32
Crypto pro
@_date: 2017-11-12 08:21:34
If BCH is more profitable, it needs a massive sustained influx of capital to prop up the price.  They can pump it hard on their own.  But the big question is, will it *stay* there? 
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:38:12
A 70-80% correction is not out of the question.  But that all is highly dependent on the price it peaks at.
(For those downvoting, have you looked at the previous bubbles and what the percent correction was? I didn’t just make this number up)
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:34:22
Man I did the same, Started to just think about something hot and they burst into flames.  0/10 do not recommend.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:53:50
First, breathe.  Your coins are likely safe.  I have been where you are plenty of times in the past. 
Second, take the transaction from Coinbase and check the ID.  Ensure the TX went through and has been confirmed. It may just be stuck, mempool is crazy high right now.
It looks like Bread Wallet uses BIP39 with a slightly different specification for determining addresses. Which means it might take some trickery.  Electrum HD should be compatible, though check under “Options” for a “BIP39” selection.
Another option may be MultibitHD.  Either way, reatore the seed into one of these wallets and wait for it to sync.  The transaction should show up if it’s confirmed
If not, post back here your transaction ID and we can play with other options (like maybe the actual GitHub for BIP39). But don’t worry, take this as a learning experience in how to restore bitcoin from faulty software.  
Lastly, just in case, be very careful with your seed and don’t type it unnecessarily in a hundred different places. And DONT post it online here if anyone asks you too.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:21:54
I disagree. Corrections are *inevitable.* The million dollar question is how high will it be when it peaks, and how far will it correct.  But using a simple scan of Bitcoin’s history, a ~50% correction is not unreasonable.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:20:47
This ^ a hundred times.  We aren’t paying their debts.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:55:50
The size of node groups is limited in scalability because the larger the set of nodes, the more likely some will drop out.  So despite a 20 node group being a 96% savings in blockchain space, it is more likely to have to deal with unresponsive nodes in the multisig allocation.
If that happens channels can still be rebalanced to a certain degree and subchannels (the LN on top) can still operate, but no further rebalancing can happen on the top layer if the unresponsive node doesn't eventually return.  Meaning the entire tree will have to be closed to the blockchain eventually.
Edit: outside of that, this doesn't seem to have any significant weaknesses or drawbakcs aside from regular payment channels or LN networks.  It is just the added benefit of layers that allow moving, rebalancing, and refunding of channels.   Which is pretty awesome IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:39:40
We don't know, and thats the whole point.  Acting in violence over possession is assuming something you cannot know.
If you possess a gun, can I assume you bought it?  Maybe your father passed it down to you.  Maybe it was given as a gift.  Maybe it was milled on a CNC machine and constructed at home.  I have no way of knowing and therefore cannot blame or attack you based on the story I make up regarding how you acquired the item.  
edit: the logic being that the only sensible way of stopping CP and/or elephant poaching without *initiating* violence is to *protect children and elephants* and stop *the people who commit* the horrible acts that create the things in question.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:15:27
Sorry, I wasn't trying to lump you in the pool I was describing.  Just wanted to make sure you were aware, despite the constant fud and misinformed opinions, that the thorough breakdowns of LN limitations and trade-offs are, in fact, almost universally from LN developers.
@_date: 2017-11-05 18:18:37
Yeah, if they can’t give you a clear and concrete answer, you have no idea if the fork will give you BTC *and* B2X, just BTC, or *just B2X.*  They hold your keys and their decision results directly in what network “your” coins are on.  If they aren’t being clear about what they are doing with them, you should withdraw *immediately* and find a competitor.
The fact that they support NYA isn’t itself a huge problem, but lack of clarity with a hard fork while they hold your keys is a degree of negligence that borders on sheer stupidity.  *Zero* trust should be extended to someone who can’t tell the truth of what they are doing with other people’s money.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:27:48
Noted.  I initially got worked up because this has been such a problem with people sending bitcoin to BCH addresses without any understanding or prior warning.  I went on a comment rampage in an effort to warn people who seemed to be dismissing the issue and/or not realizing its been such a problem.  
Turns out the issue doesn't exist for this wallet.  Always have to remember to shut up and prove my opinion *to myself* before throwing it in everyone else's face.  :/
Edit: moved accurate info to top of comments. Tried to leave the bullshit underneath as a lesson for listening to people online.  Don't trust, verify.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:23:35
Depend on how high it goes.  I think we could see sub-5 on a wick but only for an instant.  But if we go as high as 20 and it follows previous patterns, we could see a crash to 5ish, bounce back to 8-10 and then slow trend down before finding a stable price.  (Lots of resistance and decent floor possible somewhere between 5-7)
That being said I don’t think this spike will be as drastic as the previous ones, particularly on the downturn.  Whereas a majority of people saw bitcoin as a dying joke during the previous bubbles, making the bear markets a hard mental barrier to break out of, I think far fewer will Think it’s “the end,” this time around.  I’m inclined to believe that the consolidation will happen sooner and we will see sustained growth return in 6 months or so.
This is all just a guess, but I’ve been thinking this for a while but just thought I was being crazy.  This insane move has made me rethink how likely it is and now I just think “this is fucking Bitcoin.”
@_date: 2015-08-14 00:42:50
Ah yes, because mainstream economic theory has done such a bang up job so far, clearly *the mainstream* couldn't be wrong about anything.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:33:52
Maybe RemindMe! January 1st, 2018
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:50:17
If this has happened 3 times before in the past, and we are experiencing the most intense of FOMO and hyped up markets that has seen astronomical growth for the year... what on earth makes you think an 80% *isnt* possible?
Also, have you held through one of these crashes before?  I ask because if it *does* drop 80% you are likely going to run into serious fear that may make you believe it’s doomed and dump it all sub-5k.  
I suggest stepping back from your tunnel vision for a second and just look at the rise we have had.  It worries me that you have turned me into a Bcash shill instantly in response to a simple price prediction that has zero to do with the actual utility or long term prospects of any coin.  And I’ve said not a single thing about Bcash.  
I hope I’m not being “know-it-all” here but this is far from my first crypto rodeo. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:33:42
backup your wallet, backup your passwords and phrases
edit: if you have been "planning" to do it. don't wait, do it right now
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:14:06
You are wrong here.  Nodes are a measure of decentralization if they are real individual users and capitalized nodes (protecting wealth in Bitcoin).  Your argument is trying to equate the fact that we can’t know the *real* number, with the idea that this makes them useless.  Which is not true.
It is no different than saying the number of real users on Facebook has nothing to do with how valuable it is, merely because people make fake accounts and bots.  It does mean the *specific number* is unreliable, but the entire value of the network remains measurable by the number of real people, friends, and communities that actually use it. 
If a node represents one person added to the network, secures their capital, and maintains a fully validated copy of the blockchain, then it adds value and expands the network in a productive and decentralized way.  However, if a single person spins up 200 nodes, it adds no real additional value or decentralization.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:54:01
Holy shit! I checked the math and you are totally right! 10,000 is just another 1,000 away from 9,000 XD
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:07:07
That’s why the project has such a promising future! The developers might be infighting about the next rushed hard fork, but soon they may actually figure out how to get a stable and working difficulty adjustment protocol.  Moon here we come XD
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:33:30
I edited it, they were both Eric when I first submitted.
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:50:13
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested.  The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both.  Foot in mouth.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:09:51
Totally agree.  I was just being cheeky XD
@_date: 2017-11-03 03:24:22
Good luck with that. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:36:39
lol [a disturbance in the force](
hard fork to prevent complete reorg from the last hard fork?  BCH is totes gonna win the day.
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:44:12


There isn't one site or the other for either version.  It is as murky and confusing as it can possibly be and stuff like this only worsens the confusion.  For a lay person, Bitcoin as digital cash and bitcoin cash will look exactly the same up until the moment they accidentally send their bitcoin to the bitcoin cash wallet that they downloaded online.  Its confusing for some people who are actually in the space.  To someone who you have to explain what open source is, this is horribly confusing.
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:29:57
I’m seriously curious what robust and thorough analysis makes Bitcoin Cash the most promising of the bitcoin forks?
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:55:07
I suggest toning it down a bit because you come of as extremely defensive over a price prediction as if I have personally insulted you, which I haven’t. 
As far as the correction, there are bad news events regularly in the bitcoin space, I think the major crash will happen on one of these announcements.  It could be something relatively minor like another hack. Or there could be US legislation that set a not-so-friendly stance regarding the cryptocurrency. 
The point is, the possibility of the 80% drop is simply because it has gone 10x for the year and the market is way overbought in the short term.  I don’t see why this suggestion calls for so much derision in your comments.
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:04:56
Let’s say you have a competing social network with some minor changes that people are calling “The new Facebook.”  Think Facebook but entirely open source so there is no legal “branding” or “ownership.”  
In order to compare the value and/or apparent use of these two social networks, one decent (albeit weak) measurement, is to take the number of users.  Many claim there are fake users (or one person with many accounts) on the old Facebook (which is always true to some degree), therefore the large number of users is unreliable.  
Then a few people supporting  “Facebook 2,” in order to appear like a large and useful network and trying to steal the name of the other network, created thousands of fake accounts and identities. Giving the social network a false sense of community and value. (If your friends and/or real people aren’t up there, then what’s the point of using it?)
By having only a few people spinning up thousands of AWS nodes, the attempt is to appear as if there is more support for 2X than actually exists.  Similar to faking users on a social network.  It gives the split coin a false sense of security with a very poor degree of decentralization/distribution.  If those handful of people are compromised in some way or run out of capital to keep them running, then the majority of the 2X network goes offline. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:46:11
[found one!](
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:04:45
As I started reading your comment I was already opening a tab to find a link to the Hivemind project.  Finished reading the comment and am happy to see you already know.  I am crazy excited about this project!
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:42:48
yes I am.  There is no blocksize that solves scaling.  The scaling needs are astronomical if you consider *any* of the novel use cases that make sense for crypto.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:25:49
... what?  Did you read it?
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:43:32
No problem.  If you have any questions regarding a specific wallet or how to export keys, feel free to pm me.
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:36:25
Essentially every major criticism or known limitation of the LN was discovered and explained by LN developers.  When hard forkers (at least the unreasonable ones) come running in and saying "but LN can't do this" or "its limited by this so it sucks" all I can do is shake my head.  Knowing that Dryja explained in great detail these limitations and they are repeating it as if it is some conspiratorial secret being "covered up by Blockstream."  
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:44:53
Sorry for the link to a tweet, of a guy retweeting a screenshot of a conversation from slack.  The twitter-ception usually drives me crazy.  Unfortunately, I couldn't quickly find anything other than different tweets using the same image. :/
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:59:37


I disagree, the act of socializing the habitats and criminalization the ownership of the animals leads to the kind of consequences we are talking about.  Looking for everywhere there is over consumption of a scarce resource?  Its where that resource doesn't carry a real market price, or where the protection and ownership is monopolized by the government, and therefore its protection is care is localized to the best a government can do (which is almost universally inadequate).


I'm on board with this and like the idea. This is the kind of thing that could create an *actual* solution to the problem without pulling out the guns or burning mountains of ivory.
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:59:58
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested. The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both. Foot in mouth.
~~And the default addresses are Bitcoin cash.  You cannot send bitcoin to a bitcoin cash address.  If it is generating and checking for bitcoin cash, it will not show up in the wallet.  The bitcoin wallet will generate addresses separately, as any separate coin wallet does.~~
@_date: 2017-11-17 16:14:15
A really angry, belligerent, bitter, C- average high school team.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:20:25
true, I only mean to mention this in the context of its long term effects.  Regardless of whether the fees increase because of slow blocks, fees will be the dominant source of funds eventually.  So my question is: If this won't be a problem at all in 8 or 12 years when fees do the funding (3.125 and 1.56 BTC reward respectively), then should we spend resources and time to make a significant change to bitcoin today, in order to fix a short term problem?
Not really making a judgement either way, just placing the idea out there.  I certainly see the problem and if there is an elegant solution I will probably be on board.  I just see such a thing as being horribly messy without any "solution" to speak of, just a few "less shitty" alternatives.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:13:26
Exactly, that’s why I think everyone being hesitant about a short term doubling as if 20k is years away are underestimating this thing. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:28:21
They are not owned by any of those companies anyway.  They received investment funds under contract (as stated many times by multiple Blockstream hires devs) that granted no control over development direction or responsibility whatsoever. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:52:56
I agree.  If the trade off cannot be avoided, then a politically resistant and secure currency is a *vastly* more impactful innovation than basic low fee coffee buying.
What I was trying to make sure was understood though, was that this *doesn't require that trade off.*  This is a multisignature scheme to create an off-chain, pooled payment machine *without* third party risk or custodial control of funds.  
I realize you weren't saying that specifically, but I wanted to make sure it wasn't misunderstood as such for the majority of people who will leave here with an opinion, but never read the paper.
@_date: 2017-11-24 22:05:01
Number of transactions *has nothing to do with demand.* You are equating two unrelated things.  Proof?  The Venezuelan currency has millions of exchanges but is still plummeting in price. The two characteristics are disconnected. 
Holding is the act of removing supply from the market and therefore, *is itself an expression of demand.* if I bought a bunch of baseball cards and didn’t sell them, it is literally the exact opposite of lowering demand.  Therefore increased holding, or in other words, *high levels of long term demand*, absolutely *does* cause the price to increase and encourages growth in the ecosystem.  
Holding will do far more to encourage industry inclusion and expansion than spending will.  As the desire to relieve holders of their precious coins will encourage the market to find ways to appeal to long term holders.  And a high savings rates and growth is a signal to businesses to invest in new long term manufacturing directed at the savers market desires, as those holders will one day wish to realize their profits. (Read: The Wealth Effect)
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:34:52
I'm talking about Roger Ver and Bitcoin.com, and subsequently the wallet he is directing people toward with the ~~unspoken~~(edit: actually the "specifically stated") assumption that bcash is bitcoin. 
This entire thing is about Ver pretending he owns a brand, a network, and a community that he neither belongs to, nor ever really had any substantial part in.  If he wants to go start his own project, I encourage it.  But trying to take over one that millions of people deeply believe in and are heavily invested in, is going to get exactly this kind of response.  And frankly, I don't feel sorry for him.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:20:49
It looks like the generation of addresses are across wallets.  Meaning there is no extra step to recovery like I had thought from initially looking into it.  I had thought from how the wallet (and similar multi wallets) was laid out that the addresses wouldn't be generated simultaneously and therefore you would have to export BCH keys to recover BTC.  It looks like the wallet is simply done with a single key with addresses for both chains and just shows whichever you send to the wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:02:31
Crypto pro. Good app, I use a ton of them too but I have slowly found myself using this one more than any other.  I keep up with a lot of alts as well and this one makes it easy.
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:08:32
This guy knows how to karma. The gold you earned the shit out of has arrived.
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:49:15
A paper wallet does nothing to confirm or validate the rules that enforce your Bitcoin ownership, it secures the private keys and nothing else.  A node ensures you are talking to a network that cannot, and has never, altered the monetary rules to which your bitcoin are tied.


Unless they desire to not trust any third party or other node operator in validating the monetary rules and instead want to do it themselves.  If you could audit the bank you use, maybe most wouldn’t choose to do so, but they are absolutely choosing convenience by trading a measure of security.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:15:02
It would be grounds to throw the entire case out really.  And it is undoubtedly why they never charged him with anything related to "murder" but insisted on using it to publicly shame him, and ensure there would be no popular defense.  IMO, that alone is criminal on the part of the government.  They started a baseless smear campaign to make sure they won their case and painted an easy-going libertarian website owner as a psychotic drug kingpin murderer.
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:12:11
Yes.  For most wallets all you need is the seed.  For a Trezor passphrase wallet you need both.  If you lose either, the coins are gone.  Using a passphrase with Trezor is specifically used to *hide* a wallet that can’t be discovered (it regenerates the wallet when you type in the passphrase), so using a simple and memorable password (only in that instance) is recommended.  
A normal wallet, however, is encrypted after generating from the seed as a normal encrypted file.  Therefore when you restore from seed it recreates the full wallet regardless of whether you have the password. 
Either way, backup BOTH, just in case. Not all software is the same.  Read about the specific wallet or software you are using and do their recommended backup practices. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:41:42
ok, that doesn't mean it doesn't have a *massive* scaling problem.  32Mb will barely touch a global decentralized payment system and thinking that enables or has any effect on micro-payment capacity is just absurd.  32MB doesn't graze the hairs on the elephants back.
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:07:25
IMO Changelly is better anyway. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:51:17
Have you read the net neutrality bill?  Because if you haven’t, then you don’t have the first clue what it will do.  I could just as easily say it’s obvious what the Affordable Care Act will do, it says “affordable” right in the title.
This is about the FCC testing the waters regarding control over what companies may allow/disallow in regards to internet communication.  If it happens to work in the public’s benefit for 15 minutes (call me skeptical) it will be no time at all before we are paying dearly for it.
There are *so many people* in government who have been fighting for years to prevent encryption and control the internet.  You are just giving them new tools.  If the internet needs the government to keep it free, then the protocol needs to be fixed.
@_date: 2017-11-23 05:20:37
I’d imagine this is only for the pre-orders as larger shipments to fewer customers will be easier to fulfill and coordinate for a new product and company.  Being slammed with an additional 1500 single machine orders will increase the initial backlog and makes them more likely to get a bad reputation for the inevitable delays.
After the manufacturing gets up to speed and the initial hype dies down they would be able to lower the limit and open themselves to a broader market, giving additional volume after bootstrapping the distribution process.
It’s easy to complain about someone else’s hard work not being perfect, but you should take a minute to imagine how incredibly difficult and risky the entire endeavor actually is.  They have been burning time, money, and development on this for *two full years* with zero guarantee that their product achieves what they hope or that competition doesn’t beat them to their goal.  
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:09:00
Considering no one under the age of 40 is going to get any amount worth even a bottle of water from Social Security, this might just be a killer app.  
Government destroyed your ability to save for the future? Use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:48:11
I think the vote-brigading is of really weak character honestly, but then again, it isn't as if Ver didn't bring this on himself.  
From the looks of it the wallet is fine IMO.  But when you turn your wallet and website into a contentious political campaign and use your app to further push those politics, getting a political response is inevitable.  
Again, I'm not at all saying this is any sort of "mature" behavior.  On the contrary, its basically the norm in politics (and otherwise generally disgusting behavior).  That being said, Roger Ver is trying to steal and muddy the brand of an open source project with millions of extremely dedicated (dare I say *devout*) participants *as if he owns it and they don't matter.*  Then throwing it in everyone's face, paying tons of money to push his agenda, spreading conspiracies and accusations about anyone who disagrees with him, and generally acting in very poor character... This is basically par for the course for the kind of response he should expect.
*Disclaimer: I'm not wasting my time downvoting a wallet that works perfectly fine.  I think Bcash has no long term potential and am not worried about the competition, I actually welcome it.*
@_date: 2017-11-26 02:57:06
All miners and somewhere near 90% of the nodes have upgraded to SegWit supporting versions.  There is nothing that makes either more or less “safe” in any realistic sense.   The network secures them both in the same way, (a chain of signatures), the only difference is that there’s a small percentage of nodes securing *only* legacy addresses (so technically more nodes secure legacy), as some nodes never upgraded but have remained on the network.  
SegWit addresses will give you a smaller fee for transacting, and will open you to using Lightning, MAST, and tumblebit when they are released.  Though, you will likely have to move your coins to new wallets when these features are released, so it probably won’t matter where they stay in the meantime. 
TL;DR There is no significant reason to care either way if you only use it as savings. If you send/receive regularly and want lower fees, use SegWit.
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:46:15
That flyer is going to result in people burning a ton of both bitcoin and bitcoin cash.  They talk about BCH as if it and bitcoin are the same.  No distinction whatsoever.  Do you have any idea how many people have sent BCH to BTC addresses and vise versa? 
To encourage someone to put their money into something **without mentioning a common investment destroying distinction** is borderline scam imo.  I have *nothing* against Bitcoin Cash merely existing and competing.  Fully support it.  But if they are purposefully (or out of complete idiocy) putting people in a situation where they are very likely to burn their money out of a misunderstanding, then *absolutely tear the fucking flyers down.*
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:34:34
Oh I am certainly not calling this as if there is no question, quite the contrary.  I just think we are getting into some insanely volatile territory and the tower is beginning to shake.  I don’t doubt for a second that I could, and most likely am, entirely wrong about any of the specifics of my prediction. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:30:09
Purchasing ivory gives a market to poachers, but *merely possessing it* does not.  If you happen to own ivory, it does not make you responsible for the deaths of elephants.
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:51:45
It’s got nothing to do with what is better or right for what purpose.  It’s about *delineating the difference.*. If this was just a bitcoin cash flyer that promoted it as a separate thing and warned users to check before using a basic bitcoin wallet, I don’t care what they do.  It’s about selling it with the bitcoin name without any clarification.  This will send people to google to search “bitcoin” and then they will either go to Coinbase and buy “bitcoin” or go to bitcoin.com and get linked to “bitcoin cash” without ever knowing that these two networks are incompatible.  Then they read that they should hold their own keys, they download their “bitcoin” wallet on their phone, and *poof*! Everything they just bought disappears into nothingness.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:12:31
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested. The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both. Foot in mouth.
I'm testing right now to know for certain.  I know the keys will unlock but the generators don't run at the same time, and being random, they will never generate the same addresses randomly. (edit: so wouldn't show up in the separate wallets)
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:47:04
Crypto Pro.  Quoine, OKcoin, and CEX.io are all above 11k
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:18:06
Lol interesting.  I didn’t realize this.  So crazy how all this is playing out.  What a crazy ass technology.
Edit: haven’t found one yet but I’m looking.  Will Update if I come across it
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:30:47
Touché 
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:02:03
Please find me one "community" on *any* side of this debate that doesn't include name calling, bitching, and come with a mountain of spite and derision.  
You neither have a taller horse to sit on, or any horse at all.  *Everyone* has behaved like a bunch of bitches and *everyone* has gotten angry or frustrated during this multi-year argument.  Your attempt to exclude yourself or some other community/side really just backs up my case.
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:55:11
Honestly, fees should in fact drive them back.  If BCH has twice the profitability for block reward, but BTC has twice the fees, technically they should eventually balance out. So this becomes a problem with a high block reward (like current 12.5), but when we get another halvening or 2, this issue should largely disappear as the fees will be why people are mining in the first place.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:10:43
I think you are underestimating the consequences  based on selection bias.  Jameson Lopp at Bitgo said they have been dealing with cross-chain transactions constantly and a basic rundown of only SegWit addresses (accounting for maybe 10% usage) shows around $700,000 burned of BCH going to SegWit addresses.  So that does not account for the majority using normal addresses. It’s likely millions of dollars.
 
What would I be ok with it stating?:


Then possibly a disclaimer to search specifically for “bitcoin cash” or BCH, noting that a basic bitcoin wallet is not compatible.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:07:38
This ^
And invest in some popcorn. We have a long way to go.
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:54:09
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested. The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both. Foot in mouth.
~~No, the generators are separate (like any separate coin wallet).  When opening the bitcoin wallet, it would generate new addresses at random and wouldn't display the same address as the bitcoin cash.  If this were the case there wouldn't really be an issue.  But it's not.~~
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:22:33
Ok I’ll explain.  So Bitcoin Cash just had a hard fork of their own in an effort to fix the huge difficulty and hashpower swings that come with the EDA.  I haven’t found solid details about the new DAA they use but it sounds like the difficulty adjust every block. 
Well the hard fork went through, and they didn’t implement replay protection because obviously “it’s unnecessary, and we don’t want to force everyone to upgrade.”  
Here’s the problem.  Someone has continued to hash the EDA chain that got forked and is calling it Bitcoin Clashic.  I think they have 2 or 3 blocks last I checked.  It appears to be an entirely troll coin, but represents a *serious vulnerability* in the Bcash fork.  For all compatible clients, they will follow the *longest valid chain.* Meaning if the Bitcoin Clashic chain takes over the number of blocks, *the entire fork will be orphaned.*
So my first thought is, “but no one will mine it so that’s not a big deal”.  Except the EDA makes that completely irrelevant.  They don’t need a ton of hash power, they just need enough to make it to the first difficulty adjustment.  Then when the EDA kicks in, if any significant mining power jumps on the Bitcoin Clashic chain they will start mining blocks by the second.  If that continues and they make it far enough to start catching up, the entire Bcash V2 (whatever it’s called) will get dumped and *even worse,* because there is no replay protection, anyone who made transaction since the fork might see their BCH vanish into inaccessible addresses that they can no longer unlock.  
I couldn’t stop laughing while reading their page because it’s hilarious.  But it’s also super scary and not a trivial problem.  This could potentially obliterate BCH reputation causing a death spiral.  And because they insist on using the same hash algorithm, BCH could actually die. 
Maybe nothing will come of it, but I would be super worried if I was holding BCH right now.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:02:31
I thought this title was going to be wildly out of character with the reality and figured this was some legislation introduced by one or two individuals that was unlikely to get passed.  
Very surprised to find this was actually the majority consensus after a meeting of the Council of the National Bank of Ukraine regarding legal standards for the entire cryptocurrency space.  In addition, that the bill was introduced by the Head of the Parliament's Committee on Tax and Customs Policy.




This is insanely good news and I really hope it doesn't fizzle out and get edited/re-edited into the usual draconian financial nonsense.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:31:44
Bitcoin is backed by its utility and network effect.  The larger the network the more valuable are all of its near endless programmable capabilities. Initial value can be set by the simple fact that it can be sent electronically without permission and has greater potential in the future.  Now however, it is valuable because of its many current use cases, reliable network, growing usage, and enormous future development potential. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:37:58
It is simply that we all have an ego.  Given a different environment and different situation, we can all be complete assholes. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:45:28
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested.  The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both.  Foot in mouth.
~~The scam is not telling the difference.  You cannot reverse a bitcoin transaction.  If you go to bitcoin.com, expecting a bitcoin wallet, generate an address, then send the bitcoin to that address... by every default currently set, you will burn your coins.  As this does not distinguish that the main wallet (referred to as "bitcoin" only) is in fact creating a bitcoin cash address.~~
~~The app is lying at the *customer's risk* and fails to *explain what might happen* if you are holding bitcoin instead of bitcoin cash.  That is a scam trying to hurt bitcoin users who do not stay informed on the enormous amount of drama around bitcoin forks.~~
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:53:30
Username checks out ;)
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:47:03
Glad to hear it worked out! There is a lot to learn with using bitcoin and understanding the basics.  I have had a number of scares myself, and remember well both the panic and the relief when everything is back right.  Always make a backup :)
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:30:05
nope.  Bitcoin cash has the exact same scaling problem as bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:22:46


Man, I too wish this were the case but I'm not very optimistic that it is, lol.


It is so true, that each of these topics grants a fascinating and unique perspective of the technology.  Its the whole reason I went down the rabbit hole on the very first day I heard of it.  I have always been a serious nerd for all things networking. I started getting into philosophy pretty intensely in college, and then just my senior year of college I started digging into economics pretty heavily (my econ professor urged me to double-major in it).  It was right when my brother (he *was* an econ major) and I were trying to work out the contradictions we were learning in economics that someone messaged him about Bitcoin.  In about an hour we went from "huh, this is interesting" to "wholly fuck this is gonna change the world!!"
We literally didn't sleep a wink that night.  We were up for 8-9 hours straight getting less than sober and combing through the whitepaper, any explanations or websites we could find, and trying to figure out how to use it.  
I am right there with you.  The FUD can be overwhelming at times.  Whenever shit gets crazy though, I just step away and *read* as much as I can.  If I ever start to doubt whether I am right or not about something, I *read* every argument for and against I can get my hands on until I feel like I've come down solidly on one side or the other (or at least thoroughly understand the risks of both).
It can certainly be stressful, but the crypto space *never* gets boring.
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:51:20
I think worrying about the short term price shouldn’t matter for savings.  Only if you intend to trade.  Just start an auto buy and hodl (the economy needs savings more than anything else right now anyway).  It could drop to 6000s again or it could go to 10k. Either way you will have secured a piece of your wealth into an asset class that is truly independent and entirely external to the financial system.  Take the dips as a chance to motivate yourself to learn about *how and why* it works.  Then buy some more and remember to look back in two years when you have a clearer perspective about whether $8k is “a good time to get bitcoin.”
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:36:03
Can't find the other place it was posted but it says something close to this:




A few words might be inaccurate as I'm filling in from memory and cant see the entire paper in the video.
edit: made out a few more words and corrected.
edit: [found it] (
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:43:15
Exactly, and hence no rushed hard forks for bitcoin without extensive testing, thorough review, practically unanimous support, and lengthy time frame.
I would rather Coinbase focus on getting SegWit integration working *properly* than working *quickly.*
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:53:12
Silk Road?
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:50:56
Yup lmao! Flash crash over $1500 in like 12 seconds. Some much rekage
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:56:56
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested. The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both. Foot in mouth.


~~It doesn't generate for both simultaneously.  Technically the wallet would hold the keys for both, but generated addresses wouldn't be the same for both coins, they are split as separate wallets, therefore generating separately as well.~~
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:37:57
The good news is, Core Devs and a number of other projects along with Blockstream are developing under the assumption that a reality in which this occurs is possible.  That’s why we have Satellites beaming the full blockchain, and developers working on radio broadcasted transactions.  The more resilient the technology is, the less likely this issue becomes.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:50:06


Believing that "holders" aren't the whole reason it has value, is just a misunderstanding of basic and provable economic axioms. 
It is not the person "spending" bitcoin that gives it value, its the person who *accepts it as payment.*
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:40:25
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested.  The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both.  Foot in mouth.
~~If they send an amount from a bitcoin wallet, to a bitcoin cash address, it will confirm on the originating chain (in this case bitcoin).  If they are sending from a bitcoin address, then bitcoin cash will *not* show up in the wallet, and they will *lose access* to their bitcoin.  You cannot *send bitcoin to the cash chain* and the website is neither warning, nor distinguishing in any reliable way that this is a *huge* risk.~~
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:45:29
What was that like 10 hours? Maybe 12?  Hold onto your seats, this could be the peak of the bubble and we could see a doubling in just a few days.  During the last 3 bubbles we witnessed greater than %100 within a 24 period before crashing.
We could see 20k this week if that pattern repeats itself.
@_date: 2015-08-21 21:32:53
Someone has trouble with service... call them a fucking moron.  We should hire you to be the r/bitcoin greeter.
Sorry u/ewspringer for this dude.  Sucks that you had to sell your bitcoin low.  Hopefully eating the fee and possibly having to do multiple buys (due to maximum buy amounts) wont eat into the value too much and you can get most of them back.  
I've had good luck with Circle, but that seems pretty messed up that they have no copy of your conversation.  Sounds like a pretty major problem if there is no record keeping for support issues on an online bitcoin banking service.  Maybe Circle needs to call Factom and update their ticket/email record keeping methods a bit.
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:49:13
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested.  The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both.  Foot in mouth.
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:04:13


Did this work for criminalizing drugs?  Did it make drugs go away?  Or did it raise the price of them and subsequently both *support and bolster* the market and profit margin leading to increased violence and cartels?
Criminalizing a market generally has the opposite effect.  Its like this [unbelievable idiocy](  The government burned over **100 tons** of ivory as some "symbolic protest" of poaching when all this does is *drastically reduce the market supply* and therefore **increase the profitability of poaching.**
What they should have done is hosted a massive charity event in which they auctioned off all of the ivory, flooding the market to *lower* the price, and used every penny to increase the protection and conservation of the elephants.  Instead, they do the exact thing that probably made any active poachers jump for joy at their new profit margins.
edit: In my scenario the profit margins on poaching would have lowered, the funds for protection would have drastically increased, and there would be many owners of ivory who bought it *specifically* in an effort to *help fund the protection of elephants.*
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:53:56
I agree the wallet works fine, and have stated it.  I think I made myself perfectly clear, not sure why you keep diverting for the sake of argument.  If you want me to clarify something I will.  But I’m not going to repeat myself a hundred times and chase your thought process just because you seem to disagree (an assumption).
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:26:58
Reddit app for left, crypto pro on the right, pic stitch to throw them together and add a vignette.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:56:50
I’m glad.  My intent was to help, not to spread bullshit :(
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:30:35
I’ve followed Lombrozo for a long time trying to reach out to the opposition.  I specifically started because he seemed in a good position to bring people together and was one of the few developers on either side who cared about doing so.  He has tweets from meeting roger, Jihan, and many other miners and companies on many separate occasions.  Until recently,even when he got frustrated he tried to be personable.  It’s only in the last couple of months that he finally seemed to be sick of trying.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:27:10
There is absolutely *nothing* about this that has *anything* to do with a "trusted third party"
Is a regular node a trusted third party?  Because they relay your payments (aka, by your logic, not P2P)
Is a miner a trusted third party?  Because they confirm your transaction and do the proof-of-work to secure it.  Doesn't that make it a banking layer?  
I *urge* you to actually read and try to understand the thing because the idea that this is "facilitated by a trusted third party" is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:36:08
Ever heard of the Panama Papers?  What about the Paradise Papers?  What is it again that made Swiss bank accounts so popular with the wealthy as to become a Hollywood cliche? 
I don’t know what any of those things are so I can only assume this guy knows exactly what he is talking about. /s
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:01:21


Ah yes, the nuance and complexity of “let’s make it bigger” is very difficult to grasp without a solid foundation of decentralized application, network latency, blockchain consensus, and open source development. /s
The best means for getting supporters of a 2MB hard fork *from the very beginning* has always been to grab people the second they enter the bitcoin space while they still have no idea how it works, have no measure of how decisions are made, or how difficult consensus really is. 
“Make the blocksize bigger” is literally *the default* position for anyone who hasn’t spent very long thinking about how enormous the scaling problem is, or the challenges that present the largest threats to Bitcoin’s success.  
Edit: oh god I’m stupid, this is sarcasm. 
Edit2: In my defense, I’ve been responding to some pretty ridiculous trolls lately and sometimes it is very hard to tell.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:08:54
Liquidity trap.  There are hundreds of thousands of new buyers entering the market every few hours, but everyone else is a holder.  The massive imbalance creates an enormous market chasing a tiny amount of available bitcoin.  And moving bitcoin to the exchanges to sell take time to catch up.  
I think we will see a move to 15-20k very soon and then the crash we’ve been building up to for a year.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:22:37
There will be small corrections.  Today has been completely insane. But I don’t think we will have the “big” correction until somewhere near there. But what do I know?
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:26:54
Oh, sorry!  Definitely misinterpreted the comment XD
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:42:03
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:57:11
I agree, but that being said, Eric has been one of the best ambassadors for this entire fiasco for *years.*  He has reached out to so many people, on so many occasions, to prevent and/or stop so much bickering and infighting.  I can only imagine hearing an accusation that the implied "you finally got what you wanted you prick" would set anyone off.  He deserves to let off a little steam considering he has been holding it in for so long. Erik has done nothing remotely comparable in the way of helping this situation.
Edit: autocorrect screwed up my “Erik/Eric”
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:38:24
Edit: I am wrong, downloaded and tested.  The generation does occur simultaneously and no key exporting is needed. Addresses are the same across both.  Foot in mouth.
~~No, the problem is they are not distinguishing that these are separate networks and people who have bitcoin may literally *burn their coins* by sending it to the bitcoin cash address.  Few care about whether or not they *support* bitcoin cash.~~
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:50:11
The order book is going absolutely nuts right now.  I’ve had two bowls of popcorn already XD
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:46:09
I think this is good.  I would love to see them commit to calling it Bitcoin Cash, and betting on its success as a competing platform.  Not only would I not mind this, I would *love* to see a race to the most scalable, secure, innovative, and low-cost cryptocurrency.
If they leave Bitcoin alone and stop trying to steal the brand, I will gladly support their efforts and *might even* buy a little if they start to show some promise in their development.  Can't hurt to hedge.
That being said, I think they have no current or realistic prospects for a solid network that can either scale or do much other than basic, slow transactions.  Not to mention I still wonder how long it will take to fix the difficulty adjustment issues they created. I would love to be proven wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:55:27
Should have used bitcoin... smh
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:42:17
First, latency is already an issue with 1-2MB blocks.  Which is why miners use direct channels and trade the security of validation for expedience when they accept merely the block header, as enough information to begin mining the next block.  This gives them a head start on mining the next block before smaller miners, causing centralization and further worsening an already advantageous economy of scale.
With 32MB blocks this could get terrible and essentially eliminate anyone not mining in a large, centralized mining pool. 
32MB would also be easily filled with spam transactions.  Lets say there is 2MB worth of consistent legitimate use and fees drop to nothing.  As soon as there are no fees, satoshi dice (or the equivalent) start dumping all of their mixing and micro-payments back on the network because its suddenly cheaper.  Tons of people are using the socially paid cost of the blockchain.  Resource costs of running a node would increase 32X, and fees would slowly begin to rise again.  Then a $0.01 fee spam attack could easily fill the remainder of the block which will significantly increase latency and orphan rate (which has been falling consistently for years).  1 or even 2 confirmations would slowly become less and less secure, as the miner advantage and network latency would start to bring 2 block orphan chains back into the norm.  
Businesses who are already complaining about high fees do so because their model relies on them.  Meaning there are likely **multiple MB worth of consistent transactions that would be ready to dump if the blocksize was increased.** It would encourage business models that think fees will forever remain low (which is impossible).  All in all we would get full blocks again in short order, the spam attacks would have far worse effect on network operation, and the drop in nodes and miners would make further control or censorship of the network easier.  
TL;DR The problem would show up again almost immediately, and we would be right back where we started and arguing all over again.  32MB does *not* mean 32x the users.  It means far more transactions from less important or time sensitive use-cases, poorer network operation, far fewer nodes (due to both nature of HF and resource costs), much higher latency, greater centralization, significant 1-2 block orphan rate increases, and more security trade offs with the process of validation in the race to be first.  It is a risk to the nature of the network, because you want a higher price immediately.  You would get neither in the long term.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:49:08
this is not true.  Peer-to-peer is regarding the amount of trust, and these transactions are just as trustless.  In reality, the routing, relaying, and validating of transactions is anything but peer-to-peer in its architecture on Bitcoin (aka nodes, miners, SPV, and so on).  
This is no different, except rather using full node relays to transmit broadcasting transactions, they use multisignature channels to relay provably lcoked and owned funds to other parties by bridging laterally through channels, and now (according to this paper) also vertically through layers.  Never do you have to trust someone else with control of your coins.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:06:29
Cable and broadband internet is so bad in the US  *specifically because* of the government’s involvement.  In order to bring “high speed to everyone” the government subsidized hundreds of billions that they simply have to the largest broadband and cable providers.  Who, of course, used it to buy up enormous amounts of infrastructure and thousands of small competitors across the country.  
Forgive me, but the government *completely fucked* the market and network quality of US internet.  So I’m not really concerned with getting the government to “fix” anything else for us.
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:22:35


I have to also address this comment, as Ivory would still have a market without a single poached elephant.  Why? Because elephants also die of other terrible things like disease and old age.  The extremely high profit margins are what make the risks of poaching worth it.  If there was a large supply of ivory and portions of the sales were used for conservation, the risk would increase while the price would decrease.  I think we actually *could* eliminate the majority of poaching if we *decriminalized* the possession and sale of ivory.  It sure as shit would work better than the disastrous policies used today that have brought elephants practically to the edge of extinction.  It takes epic stubbornness to see a policy fail so miserably and double down on it just because it satisfies us *emotionally.*  That's caring more about our feelings than the actual lives of elephants.
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:59:56
I think it is best described as money betting against the current development roadmap and process.  Many people will say that "bitcoin would have this added value if not for these forks," but i disagree.  I think of it like short positions in a market.  Yes it is a lot of money, but I dont think it would be sitting in bitcoin because it is specifically money that *disagrees* with current development.  
So in my mind, this is money that *would* be betting for altcoins with a different development process, but instead decides to fork bitcoin with their bet, rather than jump onto a different project altogether.
@_date: 2017-11-08 14:43:06
like 4 out of 120
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:42:29
Learn how it *actually* works. Listen to a course that explains the details (coursera has a few). Read Mastering Bitcoin. Then ask to have any presents or gifts or special occasions be put on hold in place of getting some bitcoin. “No presents, only Bitcoin!” Direct them to where they need to go. (Reading suggestion: [lopp.net](
When they warn you against scams and fake money, have an explanation of *how it works and why* that is so thorough as to make them wonder what virus got into you XD.  That’s how I made my parents realize that this was the future. 
The most important thing you can do is simply be confident in your position, *don’t be defensive if they attack it* or worry when they think it’s a scam at first.  *They will*, expect it.  It is perfectly reasonable for their response to be words of caution or even anger sometimes.  Some people have real issues with this as a concept.  Digital stuff just “isn’t real.” But calmly address their concerns, seriously listen to them, and acknowledge their concerns along with why they would see them. (Reading suggestion: Never Split the Difference)
Otherwise, take your own money (whatever you have) and find a way to invest. Sell something on open bazaar if you can.  Maybe do some freelance work.  Bitcoin people love bitcoin stuff, I can vouch as a random bitcoin shit buyer.
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:08:50
The infrastructure to use it for common shopping payments simply isn't there and Bitcoin was *never* well suited for basic in-store purchases.  I have been using Bitcoin for 6 years and I [wrote an article giving my experiences with it]( and an explanation of why merchant adoption essentially halted in 2013 despite there still being essentially no fees to speak of.
It simply isn't a good payment network and never has been.  What we need now is to prove its *most revolutionary and historically important* innovation.  We need it to prove that it can withstand political attempts to alter or censor the network.  If we can do that, the payment network can be built on top using the many scripting and cryptographic tools at hand.  
The difficulty in finding consensus, the risks of decentralization, the *lack* of effect on scaling, and the susceptibility to spam attacks make attempting a blocksize increase now just a waste of time and worse, it won't fix high fees.  There have been consistent spam attacks on the network alongside increased adoption, there is nothing about 2MB or 4MB or 32MB that makes these spam attacks any harder, but each one makes the effects more damaging, the latency worse, and the centralization greater.  It is a fools errand that is focusing on solving a problem that isn't even the biggest threat.  The network is *already* massively centralized.  The *vast* majority of transactions happen through third parties already.  Coinbase has *12 million users* who aren't broadcasting to the blockchain.  If they moved their coins and started transacting on-chain, we would fill 32MB blocks *today.* 
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:55:44
I had never heard of this before. Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:22:49
Haha I totally did! 
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:02:01
And you have my bow.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:07:46
Yeah, if you are just saving and not using it anytime soon, leave them right where they are.  I would only move them if you feel the wallet or keys are ever compromised in some way, or if you wish to move to a safer wallet (aka hardware wallet).  I do recommend a hardware wallet if you have a significant amount of money in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:43:21
I think in reality Tether has barely any effect on the price in a volume/Capital sense, but it could definitely be what starts the crash.  I think people will talk and talk about the minor event that triggers the plummet, as if it was the “cause.”  
But understand, there *will be* a crash after the peak, and whatever event that triggers it could have likely been any of the bad news items we’ve gotten in the last 6 months (China, dimon, the fork, the hack, and so on).  The only difference will be the timing, and people will put *way too much weight* onto the event merely because it happened at the critical moment.  It will largely be irrelevant in the greater picture though. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:42:32
Not to mention the agent that was blackmailing and threatening users also had *administrative control* of the DPR account.  Meaning the evidence can only discern that it was Ross *or* one of the corrupt agents having those "murder-for-hire" conversations.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:25:10


If it *did* matter.  I would not be invested XD
This consensus mechanism is about getting 99% consensus, or getting no change at all.  Which is what makes it so powerful.  Think about a governance where even the smallest minority could prevent an unwanted change.  Democracy sucks because it enacts changes by whim, the current most popular bs, and political expedience.  Then those changes are nearly impossible to undo after they turn out to be disasters.  The idea of system that prevents any contentious change *by default* is a breakthrough.  As a side A is unable to force side B to pay for [insert super important "A" project] and side B is unable to force A to pay for [insert important "B" project].
Either we both agree (like when both sides want to keep *their own lives* free from control and coercion), or *nothing happens.*  This is a revolution in governance if I know **anything** about economics and history.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:10:20
(edit: lol, above comment is not sarcasm, what follows is entirely unnecessary)
I’m not treating it in anyway at all.  I have not given a review of the wallet and I have clearly stated that I think the behavior is in poor character and do not support it.  But I also do not feel sorry for roger.
You should put a sarcasm tag if you intend to be sarcastic. And I would appreciate it if you didn’t  equate me with behaviors I neither support, nor have engaged in.  I’m not being unfair to anyone, I’ve done nothing but give my reasoning as to why this response should have been an obvious expectation. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:21:45
So controlling the repository means unilaterally owning the opinions of all 120 developers?  You are seriously suggesting that because barely a handful of developers *started* a company to fund the work they have been doing for *years without pay* means they are immediately compromised? That their company goes from having zero influence to immediately having so much dominating power as to compromise *every developer* without **any protest whatsoever?** That developers who have been cypher punks and have been behind BitTorrent, Tor, Hashcash, Firefox, Linux, and nearly every other decentralized project on the internet go from being career decentralists to compromised corporate pawns?
Even ignoring the blatant dismissal of the *exact same principle* when judging Bitmain and SegWit2X, which both have far worse conflicts of interest and **no reliable expertise** to back up their arrogant opinions, it remains that the Core Devs aren’t forcing any change whatsoever and never even declare that their own code will be implemented.  The Core Devs have arguably the least power of any of the groups.  They make recipes, they don’t cook the food.  
Then when everyone doesn’t immediately fall for such a ridiculous claim your only fallback is that we “need to wake up?”  I’m sorry but this argument and narrative is so weak that it hurts.
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:27:06
Crypto pro
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:38:56
I think many see your argument as the emotional and irrational one.  There is always a way for Bitcoin to crash.  If the US outright banned or grossly overegulated Bitcoin just after the hard fork, with other countries following suit like a line of dominoes, we could easily enter a year long bear market.
“This time is different” is practically the mantra of the over exuberant who buy into the hype.  I would encourage avoiding those words.  
Exponential growth does not contradict an argument for a correction. Exponential growth, you could argue, actually tends to cause *larger* corrections. 
I do believe, thanks to vastly increased infrastructure and a gradual but solid shift in mainstream sentiment, that the crash won’t be as severe as the past (higher liquidity, more markets, more holders).  More people will likely see it this time as an *opportunity* rather than a possible “end of the line.”  I also think the bear market will only last a few months, rather than years.  But none of that would mean we would *avoid a correction* after shooting up 600% or more in a 5-7 month span of a crazy moon-hype-Lambo-fork-frenzy.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:00:39
Correct.  Transactions in LN are done in a decentralized way as well, the topology is merely more limited than the base layer as it needs a single *route*, rather than a single *connection* to the network.  That minor trade-off comes with the advantage of massive scaling, privacy, and instant exchange.  And nodes can just as freely enter and exit the network as at the base layer, not to mention the minuscule cost for maintaining one.
In the end the network decentralization of both LN and Bitcoin is dependent upon the number of connected nodes and both are trustless protocols.  LN only so because the base layer is secure.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:58:33
Right there with you.  I think we will see sub 9k again, but like I mentioned, we could see 20k *first.*
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:10:26
Correct. Trade is trade. It doesn’t matter if it’s being traded for time, dollars, labor, or a product. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:56:30
Irrelevant, I've made no judgements about what specific opinion anyone held, only about the statements and actions Roger has made in support of his.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:31:31
Whoops! There goes a big red candle.  How much did you sell, lmao?
@_date: 2017-04-07 18:00:55
Agreed, I'll simply copy my other post in response:


@_date: 2017-11-22 13:19:31
Consensus. If you run something other than that which has consensus, you won't be talking to the network.  That's the amazing thing bitcoin has solved.
@_date: 2017-04-08 14:07:38
Or maybe our problem is a bunch of redditors who judge entire points of view by a deliberately controversial and attention grabbing title without ever reading the article.
i implicitly address the argument that Bitcoin has no value because it isn't *currently* instant or free to transact.  Gold's market cap proves this without a comparison.  it proves that a decentralized, independent, and secure money is extremely highly valuable.  I would hope that you actually desire to know the truth and therefore would focus on the argument without feeling it sufficiently entertained because of a loose analogy.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:33:39
Hmm, good question.  Probably the best case there would be to just hodl.  Make sure you backup your keys and when we get the internet turned back on and spin our nodes up again all that sweet digital gold will still be safe.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:12:11
A minor problem is that they purchased a chinese patent on something they did not invent.  The big problem is that they were secretly using this and deliberately blocking SegWit, an upgrade to capacity and a fix to multiple problems in the Bitcoin system, *because it removed their advantage.*  They were deliberately blocking the software, and spreading lies and creating a campaign against it, to protect their profit margin at Bitcoin's expense.
@_date: 2016-02-02 15:26:37
It was, and I didn't mean for it to seem that MtGox was hacked due to TM.  Just that they passed the blame off on the TM problem. The truth was that there was clearly an internal hack but they had been victim to some TM fraudulent withdrawals and so pushed all the blame onto Bitcoin problems.
@_date: 2016-02-02 11:57:24
I'm not attempting to support either side here.  Personally I was first a BitcoinXT guy.  With all the shit throwing it got me worried about supporting somethings woot having the whole picture and I've tried to gather as much information about each proposal as I can when I have the time.  Since then I'm basically back on the fence.
This post is "pro-core" only in the sense that I think core has been missing a susinct breakdown of their proposal and it needs fair consideration.  So I wrote this from the perspective of the core idea as I saw it.  I'm not giving my vote here, but I'm also not against it by any means.
My only major worry now is to lose a big chunk of developers out of spite just because we wanted 2mb blocks and rushed forward to get more users.  I truly believe, however, that Bitcoin will survive either way and a lot of significant improvements are coming.  
@_date: 2016-02-02 15:52:16
Probably. Karpeles was an idiot.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:14:56
Current Sidechain development is a phenomenal improvement over standard third party custodial trust, despite a sort of federated network, but eventually it will be entirely trustless.  
Payment channels and lightning network, however, are almost completely trustless.  If there is any dispute, the blockchain confirms the true state of ownership.  We can build decentralized payment networks on top of a decentralized system, but we can't re-decentralize and centralized or federated underlying protocol.  We made that mistake with the internet and now it has horrific points of central control, spying, and censorship.  The idea is to *learn* from history and not repeat the same mistakes.
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:27:42
Crypto pro
@_date: 2016-02-20 15:44:53
On completely separate forums run by completely separate people, yes, a bad moderator was deleting posts that differed from their own opinion. The Core developer team was not responsible for this. 
 I think a lot of Classic supporters (not saying this was one sided) are really wearing out the "CORE DEVS PURPOSEFULLY KILLING BITCOIN, CENSORSHIP, CENTRALIZATION" rant.  The foolishness was clearly coming from both sides, but a significant portion of the "Hard-forkers" *continue* to rely on claims that the core Devs are evil and are trying to kill Bitcoin when I have seen absolutely no real evidence to suggest this.  It seems like nothing more than a cheap way to avoid the actual debate, the same thing the censorship was trying to accomplish.  
TL;DR Saying core Devs are trying to hurt Bitcoin has no greater depth or support as an argument than saying "Classic is an Altcoin."
@_date: 2016-02-12 16:59:27
You are applying his theory to one of the most heavily regulated, monopolized, and subsidized industries in the world.  This is not at all a natural process of the market, this is a result of bail outs, a horrific regulatory environment, and political capture by the big banks.  The crash and subsequent bail out is what led to such extensive consolidation in the industry.  The big players that received the subsidies bought out the smaller firms or merged with other institutions in order to spread out their liabilities.
@_date: 2016-02-16 23:40:55
lol, thanks for posting it again, glad you liked it :)
@_date: 2016-02-25 19:59:51
Been using it on iOS since I saw it available.  Love it so far.  Fast and truly easy to use.  This adds a level of security that I could only achieve with multiple plugins and seriously "non-noob" browser practices.  Yet Brave literally does it with ONE Shield button.
*This* is how you make Internet browsing secure for grandma and make the Internet safe and easy to use.  If their Bitcoin plans get implemented with the same degree of simplicity, the Brave browser could be a big deal.
@_date: 2016-02-20 01:47:15
They are implementing in coming upgrades a new micropayment system for advertising.  They will have 2 standard locations for ads on a website (as I've understood so far) and the advertiser will pay per ad.  The payment will be split between the website that hosts the ad (large payout), the developers (i think 15%), and the user (also 15%).  So if users allow ads, they get paid tiny amounts of bitcoin.  This can then be spent to support the websites you enjoy the most which allows you to experience them ad-free.  They apparently plan to have a "support top 20 visited sites" button and envision users getting tiny payments all month and then hitting the button to split it among the users favorite sites and thereby making their favorite sites ad-free.
Its not going to be implemented at the beginning, but they are trying to redesign how advertising works on the internet, and its only possible because of Bitcoin.  And if it's a fast, secure, private, and ad-free browser, people will download it for that reason.  Shortly thereafter, they will have the ability to earn bitcoin by allowing ads, which will likely be introducing Bitcoin to a huge number of people for the first time.  *That's* why this could be a game changer.  
@_date: 2019-04-11 03:24:43
That’s actually the brilliance of the 2-of-3 setup. Casa has a key (and I assume unchained does a similar model) but they have no control over the coins without your explicit signature using keys they have no access to. They are able to provide recovery service, but you never send them your coins. It’s entirely non-custodial.
@_date: 2017-04-08 15:21:32
It's a representation of what the market values and to what degree. Neither gold nor VISA is a very good direct comparison to Bitcoin because Bitcoin is completely different than both and entirely novel as an asset class.  But you are blind if you think gold's value proposition is for anything other than it's monetary independence, which flies in the face of one of the fundamental "big blocker" arguments.  That argument stated simply is: unless Bitcoin is fast and cheap right this instant, it is dead. Which...


@_date: 2017-04-07 21:52:56
yeah, I alluded to that in the article even though it is largely irrelevant to get into the specifics.  Decentralization is not really an on/off characteristic but more of a comparative degree problem.  Simply put, gold carries massive value because it remains *more* decentralized, stateless, and secure than all of the other options.
@_date: 2016-02-02 03:58:41
This likely isn't perfect because it is difficult to explain things you don't *fully* understand on some levels.  Some simplifications are inevitable, but I hope you can all point out any factual mistakes.  Any criticism by the developers who hang around would be good too.  paging u/nullc.  
I also did not include that Core admits a hard fork to bigger blocks would likely be necessary down the road.  I've simply listed the main changes on the official Roadmap, and their major benefits.
Hope you guys like it :)
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:44:27
It is simply representative of how much the market values decentralized, independent, and secure currency.  If this can be accomplished in a digital form, we can at least know that *even* as a slow and expensive payment system (which bitcoin will never really be for any length of time IMO) the market desire for state-independent money is in the *trillions* of dollars.
@_date: 2017-04-11 17:43:12
We need LN and SegWit now!
@_date: 2016-02-13 14:52:50


This is a consequence, not the problem itself.  The problem is that the entire job of keeping the banks in check has been monopolized down to a few government committees.  Making regulatory takeover literally easier than shooting fish in a barrel... More like shooting fish suffocating and immobile on dry ground.  Government regulatory monopolization is what has made banks so powerful, all they have to do is offer a few old guys some jobs and they can do whatever they want.  The entire regulatory infrastructure should be wiped out, fired and redesigned from scratch considering the mountains of violations, corruption, bribery, insane policies, anti-competitive support, and special privilege that is allowed to continue.  This mostly speaks to how fucking horrible government is at regulating practically anything.
@_date: 2017-04-04 17:29:22
Even *if* the network is not decentralized, what I was implying was that the *control* is astonishingly more decentralized using LN versus the current network topology.  Right now those giant centralized hubs have *total* control.  With LN channels those *same* hubs with the *same* topology have user-contestable agreements.  Their power over the coins is reduced to almost nothing.  
In addition, I disagree with the argument that the network will not decentralize.  Currently, I get no connected benefit because my friend has a Coinbase account.  However if he has a LN channel with Coinbase, then suddenly I can connect to him without ever needing a Coinbase account and yet *still receive the networked benefits of Coinbase's hub.*
In other words, those "Mom and Pop" hubs currently would be useless without bridging, but after LN they become beneficial to the network, and depending on users desire for privacy, there could easily be a vast network of "Mom and Pop" hubs whether or not many routes still go through Coinbase or not.  I absolutely think the LN will be far more decentralized than the current structure of industry interconnectivity.
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:38:16
Actually Lightning will decentralize the network *as is.*. Those problem 
S you just mentioned, of Coinbase and Blockchain.info holding other peoples' coins?  That problem could be fixed entirely with LN long term.  With a "hot wallet" made up with a Lightning channel as opposed to their custodial control, you gain the benefit of their network effect, *without* the risk of them stealing your coins or being hacked.  
So Lightning is actually the *vastly* superior solution to he problem you just called attention to.  
I recently wrote an article going into [detail of the effects of LN adoption.](
Edit: The use of LN channels versus handing keys over to another entity is more secure in almost every way, *and* gives the benefit of instant transactions.  So I unequivocally disagree, LN will result in immediate **de**centralization of the heavily centralized Bitcoin services industry.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:53:38




You do a good job of bridging the gap here.  I like your nuanced and humble approach to argumentation.  
I don't think anyone really cares about your "judgement" however.  Particularly since you have no understanding over the principles you think you are using to judge.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:42:20
The argument is that if Bitcoin remains decentralized and secure but temporarily has to deal with slow and mildly expensive payments that it will be detrimental to its success.  Yet gold is worse in every way as a currency for payment but nothing more than the independence and value security of gold is alone still worth *$7 trillion.*
@_date: 2017-04-07 23:25:48


These are tiny use cases for gold that come nowhere close to touching the $7 trillion market value of gold.  I address this in the actual article.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:55:40
I think many will survive but it is far more likely, at least when looking at the history of networks and protocols, that there will be a vastly dominant standard which thousands of other solutions will piggy back off of.  The same way TCP/IP is the main standard for the internet but many other exist, most still simply piggy back on IP.
Same goes for social networks.  Many exist, one remains the standard and *many* of the alternatives piggy back on the netowrk effect of the dominant player.  
Remember, money is similar to language.  It works better with interoperability and standardized communication.  LN and cross-chain transfers will undoubtedly leave room for many cryptos, but it makes little sense, in consideration of the network effect, that we would end up with 3 equally sized blockchains, much more likely that there are 4-5 huge players with a single, secure coin as the backbone of the a significant majority of the ecosytem.
@_date: 2017-04-02 16:53:45
roughly the equivalent of a raspberry pi in computing power... with a bitcoin mining chip on top.  You act as if the raspberry pi accounts for basically the entire cost of the device.  
That's like saying someone just scammed you by selling you 4 new tires for $20,000 and failing to inform people that there was a car attached to the tires.
@_date: 2017-04-08 16:33:31
Let's say I've got a completely new material that can be used as a building material as strong as steel, but *also* as an insulator as good as fiberglass.  So in deciding which to focus research and development on, I take market capitalization of the insulation market, and then the market capitalization of the comparable structural materials market.  If the structural materials market happens to be 100x the size of the insulation market, then it means I would be foolish to focus on improving its applications for insulation.
*this doesn't mean I'm comparing insulation to steel.* It means I'm comparing the market valuation of my product as an insulator, versus my product as a building material.
In the same way my comparison *is* accurate regardless of it being weak because *im not comparing VISA to Gold.* I am comparing Bitcoin's value as a payment processing network to VISA, and Bitcoin's value as independent money to Gold.  Bitcoin is *both* therefore I *must consider both* to get a reasonable value estimate for its market and for which should take priority.
Since Bitcoin is both a payment processor (which the only payment processors that exist today are companies) I can only compare it to an institution. And sense it is also a commodity and independent money, I can only compare that value to another commodity and money.  A commodity **and** payment processor does not exist in a single company or commodity anywhere in the world, *therefore I have to compare them individually.* your failure to understand does not mean I am back-peddling.
@_date: 2016-02-03 13:18:38
I did not intend to suggest that checkpoints were an improvement, in fact I pointedly added that they are already used.  I was noting that signature data can be dropped more easily while leaving the security of checking the transaction ID hash because that hash no longer hashes signatures with it.  If you dropped signatures before, you also remove the ability to verify the transaction hash.
You stated in your first post that old nodes would accept invalid transactions, which isn't true, they will ignore them.  I never said there wasn't a security trade off, I was just trying to explain why invalid transactions should not be a risk on old nodes.  
This last statement is basically true and maybe I should have put a clearer range rather than "close to 2."
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:53:53
OP does not speak for 200,000 people.  
I think extension blocks would be a great idea.  It means no one has to put their coins at risk unless they choose to move them to the ext chain.  There are certainly drawbacks, but I don't see how Bitcoins design can in any way prevent the use of such a system and don't think that it should.  I *highly* prefer the testing of BU as an extension platform if they simultaneously allow the implementation of SegWit.  I would hope we could have both, as extension blocks can be implemented cleaner *when using* SegWit.
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:05:38
Definitely worth the read.
@_date: 2017-04-05 22:02:49
Yeah but look at the number of transactions.  This would be under conditions where all transactions and far more reliant on second layer scripts and multi signature agreements and LN channels.  There are only 468 transactions so it just shows that there is a ton of witness data.  Could make for better LN scaling but not traditional transactions, 2MB worth is likely the best we will see.
@_date: 2017-04-04 22:18:22
Except that the discount is specifically to align resource costs with fees.  The discount is because the current transaction incentivize an increase in the UTXO set.  The discount actually isn't enough to fix it, but enough to better align costs and fees.   
The signatures can be dropped after validating, whereas all the other information has to be stored indefinitely.  Therefore it requires resources *only* when the transaction is added to a block and can then be safely deleted.
@_date: 2016-02-03 03:40:33
It supposedly does allow for blockchain pruning.  As I understand it, separating signatures would allow nodes to prune the sig data before certain "checkpoints" (which are already used) in the blockchain, assuming the the work done past that point is sufficient to prove its validity.  
Basically since the transaction IDs (which confirm the data inside) no longer hash the signatures too (they now have separate ID), you can drop the old signature data without sacrificing the accounting.  
This does mostly relate to SPV nodes.  But what I put in the graphic is actually true.  It cuts down on space and sync time without any realistic loss of security.


Segwit transactions are considered 'non-standard' to old nodes.  Old nodes will not mine or relay them at all.  They will however download Segwit mined blocks that contain them.  This is specifically to prevent old nodes from being confused by the new code.  They simply ignore them and you need SegWit miners and SegWit nodes to confirm SegWit transactions and old nodes will ignore them unless they are put into a block, at which point the fraud opportunity is gone.  Its actually really clever.


Yeah this was something I tried to figure out how to portray.  Technically 1.7 is a guess too, and I've seen many numbers around that.  My choice to say "close to 2X" was out of never getting specificity in the research either.  The 4X is purely theoretical and could only happen if all transactions were like 15 of 15 sig or something if I remember correctly.  Hard to explain simply in 2 sentences :/
Should have probably clarified better so ill take that one.
Hope this makes it more clear what I was meaning and where I made mistakes.  I admit to not having a perfect infographic, but a lot of the finer details are hard to get across.
@_date: 2017-04-11 02:19:34
Funny that all the cryptocurrencies implementing segwit have been undergoing enormous jumps in price.  
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:39:02
The comparison is regarding the value proposition.  If fast and cheap payments should be considered the absolute most critical component of Bitcoin, then how does gold maintain such a high market cap in the face of its terrible usage as a payment mechanism?
Decentralized and private payment systems can easily be built on top of bitcoin, lightning network has already been proving this in practice.  But there is no getting decentralization back if the underlying system needs a datacenter to verify it.
@_date: 2017-04-06 01:33:45
I didn't compare you, you compared yourself.  And I don't care about his analogy, I responded to the second part of your comment.  You *literally* implied that Nick Szabo doesn't understand what he is talking about.  I added nothing, I simply reiterated your implication that Nick doesn't know what he is talking about and you do... therefore using your words to make you look silly.  
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:09:40


As I understood it this would be based on the type of transaction and in theory could happen but was highly unlikely.  Though I could be wrong about this.  You are correct in noting the 1.7 being the most likely increase, I simply put "near 2x" because the estimates are not exact and refer to what it *may* be.


This is what I understand as well.
@_date: 2016-02-02 12:03:31
getting tips on the internet still blows my mind.  It like... Just shows up, lol.  thank you :)
@_date: 2017-04-02 22:28:53
Butterfly Labs took orders and then never delivered a product.  Paycoin doesn't have a product and takes peoples money anyway.  Both of these *stole* money from people. 
@_date: 2017-04-09 01:18:38


I definitely agree with this.  I simply think it makes sense for their to be a dominant standard.  There are tons of alternative systems/protocols being developed all the time with the internet and I see no reason this wouldnt be the same for crypto.  In addition, the fact that money (as the core technology) has barely seen even a wink of innovation in centuries suggests there may be an ocean of pent up demand and ideas that never had an avenue to be tested.  The paradigm has fundamentally shifted and that backlog will create an explosion (it already has in some respects). 
That being said, I think a clear winner regarding industry adoption will come out of all of this and my bet is that it will be Bitcoin.  Mostly due to the network effect and benefit of being the first mover.  However, only time will tell.
@_date: 2017-04-07 23:29:14
What are the limitations and patents regarding overt asicboost?
@_date: 2017-04-12 21:45:05
Except that SegWit getting implemented on Litecoin is a game changer for the data and real world proof of its value and stability as a solution.  It is, without a doubt, critical in determining whether SegWit is likely to happen for BTC.  
@_date: 2017-04-07 18:49:18
The fundamental question in regard to Bitcoin's value though is "if fees go up wont that mean Bitcoin is dead?"  And the subsequent assumption that we must immediately raise the blocksize to fix this "terrible problem." 
The value proposition of gold and its *$7 Trillion* market cap flies directly in the face of this claim.  It suggests Bitcoin has *vast* room to grow before we have to worry about inconvenience or high costs being an inhibitor to Bitcoin's success **as long as** it maintains a secure, decentralized, and immutable monetary system and unit.  My implied argument is that a contentious HF is *far* more damaging to Bitcoin's value proposition than a $1 transaction fee.
@_date: 2017-04-18 20:33:27


This excuse could have been made a few months ago, but since then the prospects and rumors of having SegWit activate on both Litecoin *and* Bitcoin correlate heavily with significant price climbs.  Litecoin is the clear and obvious example.  One would have be completely blind to not see the upward moves that come within minutes from tweets supporting SegWit and then the heavy drops when tweeting against its support from the large mining groups.  It's painfully obvious that they are just playing the market and trading on their own tweets.  Power is a disgusting thing that is universally abused.  These people have influence and a blatant way to make a ton of money very easily and quickly.... therefore they take it, even if they do so by screwing tons of people out of money and have to stunt the development of two major cryptocurrencies to pull it off.
@_date: 2017-04-25 02:46:58
People have been saying this for 10, 20, and 30 years because these trends historically have lasted decades.  You can see the policies well before they destroy trust in the entire system.  The point isn't when, but *if*.  These *are* the conditions and policies that *create* the build up to an eventual debt crash, and not once in history has a country been able to avoid it.  Doesn't matter if it takes 50 years or 100, it simply will happen sooner or later.  Never trust anyone who says its gonna happen this year.  I made the mistake of thinking we wouldn't make it out of the last crash, but the FED was able to reinflate the bubble again and push interest rates to nothing.  
As "dumb" as their economics is, the US has actually been very smart politically in avoiding the crash (they are obviously making the eventual crash even bigger) and since the 70s has pushed dollar pricing of oil throughout the middle east. It forces the bulk of the world's most influential industry, to buy dollars *before* buying oil.  And they wage wars accordingly, picking out media bad guys based on policy and to prop up dollar pricing of many major resources.  And the first thing they do in every one of these countries is set up a bank.  
Where other, smaller market currencies (Venezuela, Argentina, and a slew of other countries) see their imbalance result in collapse far sooner, the US dollar has such an enormous market breadth that it has to produce a comparably monumental debt to completely destroy the trust holding the system up.  This has been repeated over and over again throughout history.  The bigger the empire, the longer and more massive the debt that finally brings it down.
@_date: 2016-02-02 12:09:42
Thank you!
@_date: 2017-04-08 18:58:31
I think you are over simplifying by calling Bitcoin only a commodity.  It isn't.  It is also a decentralized network for payment processing.  It may also be a decentralize network for notary and proof of identity in the not to distant future.  It is a great many things.  The underlying *coin* derives its value "the same way a commodity does" (in terms of exchange markets) as you rightly point out.  But it is *also* a network that *takes in fees in order to process payments.*  Meaning part of its value is strictly in the network effect of its ability to process payment between parties *regardless of whether they want to hold the coins*.  It is, of course, heavily intertwined and codependent upon its asset value.  But you cannot ignore either.  Bitcoin is not *just* a commodity.  
If we end up creating a decentralized notary service on the blockchain, would we not attempt to derive the demand by comparing it in some way to the revenue of a top notary company?  Of course it isn't perfectly applicable, but it is *the most applicable measurement for singling out the value of that specific use-case.*. Can you give me any other way you would measure the potential of Bitcoin as a notary service (separate from all other value cases) in any other way?  There is nothing else to compare it to.  Similarly comparing to VISA's demand for processing payments, if we desire or intend for Bitcoin to replace it, the best, albeit weak, comparison to its value for accomplishing that is to measure the valuation/revenue of the VISA company.  If Bitcoin for some reason became highly centralized among a tiny group of developers and miners but was still able to achieve global, fast, and cheap payments, it could still threaten to dominate VISA's market, even without the underlying asset being very independent.  
As I've said a number of times. Bitcoin is *many* different things and saying it *only* behaves like, or *only* derives its value, as a commodity is not entirely accurate. If you have a better way of determining what Bitcoin's value potential is from an individual use-case, I'm all ears. But there is separate demand for bitcoin to process payments across borders, separate demand for it to be used as a confirmation of identity, separate demand for it to be used as a community records and title exchange network, and so on and so on.  There will be people who use it for one of these cases but not for any others.  
But until then, for the specific case of processing payments without holding the coin, the weak but best case comparison for market demand (or the sustained demand to pay fees for moving money) would be using VISA's market capitalization.  If we assume Bitcoin has the ability to make VISA obsolete in the long term, then we assume that value (or something moderately comparable to it) would move into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-02 18:42:23
This wasn't a debate about which proposals were right or wrong.  This is simply meant to ensure everyone has as much information as possible while this debate is still ongoing.  I'm not completely sold on any of the scaling solutions, but that doesn't mean I cannot understand the argument or logic behind them. 
I do not mention hard drive space needed with other block size changes for the same reason I would not mention what the default apps on android phones are if I was explaining iOS to someone.  It is not in contention or to claim one is better than the other.  It is specifically to make sure people aren't misunderstanding the Core proposal.
@_date: 2016-02-02 12:01:02
@_date: 2016-02-25 20:36:55
That's typically untrue that you don't get your files back from what I've read.  The most abundant cases of these are a result of automated bots.  The majority of people who have paid have had their files restored.  Ironically, if they didn't keep their promise, very few people would actually pay and the criminals wouldn't make much money.  It sucks but it will likely automatically send the key after receiving the Bitcoin. 
Side note: if the bot accepts 0-conf transactions this might be a use case for RBF.
@_date: 2017-04-05 05:16:09


LN is not a commercial service.  It is an open source system for secure, trustless channels and routing through the network between willing participants.  It can be operated by absolutely anyone.  


This is complete nonsense.
A better proposal would be proposed?  If you don't know anything about the current one, then what possible evidence or argument could you have for judging another better?  Do you mean a proposal that you supported despite your equal ignorance to whatever it would be?  
There have been multiple attempts to fix malleability, SegWit is the most thorough.  There have been many discussions about changing the weights of certain types of data since resource costs are not equal, SegWit was able to accomplish that with the block weight instead of size (which results in a discount).  AND they wanted a blocksize increase, and they could *also* make SegWit do that.  


Of course, that's why many developers don't wasn't a blocksize increase and some are unsure of the consequences of the increased costs with SegWit.  Though, in an effort to have a short term scaling solution.   And also to obtain real data on the consequences of a small blocksize increase before making some insane leap to no limit at all, they accepted SegWit as roughly a doubling of resource costs.


If I have a 15 of 16 multisig transaction in play that results in a single payout after some condition is met, there is a ton of witness data.  However, when that script is complete it *only matters where the bitcoin came from, and who it went to.* The other 15 signatures are irrelevant as they didn't receive the coin.  There all of the script and the many signatures are unimportant to the transaction.  The blockchain stores an immutable transaction history to secure the monetary unit.  Like a deduction from your bank account, you don't attach a list of the items you bought, they don't need the list if things you considered getting but decided to discard, and they don't need to know who you went to the store with.  
Your last paragraph just goes to show that you know next to nothing about how or why Bitcoin works, or what it does.  The script and signatures are used to verify the transaction, very little of that data has any need of being stored forever. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 13:43:12
Haha thanks! 
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:28:12
There were still 2 minor issues pointed out by Luke-Jr.  He was still a little uneasy about the use of "parallel space" to describe SegWit.  And he also informed me that there are multiple kinds of malleability attacks and SegWit specifically doesn't work for the kind I described.  It does however make possible new tools for wallet developers to protect against TM in many of its forms.  I changed the text after it to refer to that.
I also changed the house graphic, removed "bigger blocks or smaller transactions" which was technically false, changed to add that Segwit actually *does* increase the blocksize (it seemed as if it didn't with the original wording), I removed the "faster downloading and syncing" for miners (only actually applied to SPV miners), included the validation scaling fix that SegWit addresses, and I also made a few cosmetic and other minor changes.  
Thanks again to the developers for actually reaching out to me, which shows a lot about them, I think.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:48:35
Agreed, Bitcoin needs an instant, scalable payment layer yesterday if it needs to be an in-store payment method.  It has never been a good brick and mortar payment option.  Confirmations are just too slow and propagation is unreliable on the scale of seconds which is all people are willing to deal with when purchasing goods.  I still get infuriated at how much longer most of the damn chip readers take.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:48:45
Which is exactly why we need a layered scaling approach.  It grants us *instant* transactions and *privacy* that currently Bitcoin cannot guarantee. It broadens the use and scope of the technology dramatically without risking its core value proposition.  Bitcoin *is* the future of digital scarcity and all of this craziness is a testament to that fact.


And who, might I ask, is the Facebook that I'm not aware of?  The pumped and dumped Ethereum or the pumped and dumped Dash?  They have their use cases but neither has the stresses of scaling because *they aren't being used.* 
@_date: 2016-02-20 12:33:59
...except that it's not a secret meeting, it's to debate an relatively minor change, they are all open source developers, the protocol they are updating is completely open, and decisions will be immediately known to the public?  
Organization and discussion are not at odds with decentralization, they are critical to its survival actually.  If a group of people meeting makes something similar to the Fed then literally every organization and open source project *is* the Fed.
@_date: 2017-04-05 00:26:48
Is it not possible to make it such that all miners do not have to validate extension blocks?  Otherwise, that defeats the whole purpose, it is still forcing higher resources on the miners.  That's exactly the problem.
@_date: 2017-04-30 15:53:41
Yeah well, I wish people wouldn't use cars for drunk driving or to commit murder.  Still happens though. 
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:03:38
It seems more like a response to your implication that "Core is wrong and Classic is infallible."  You gave a rather adamant declaration as to your prediction of the outcome of this meeting which is anything but obvious.
The only real thing to be discerned from this meeting is that rather than shunning, ignoring, or attacking Coinbase, Adam is attempting to have a professional conversation.  Any attack of this very reasonable action is likely based on an already established choice to hate any decision or response by Core. (Yours seem to clearly fall into this category)  Not saying I support Core in every proposal or plan, but some of the comments attacking this simple gesture are ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-02-25 19:47:32
Wait... So you are saying the Halvening is going to happen at block 420 thousand?...
I'm gonna go ahead and call in to work and let them know I'll be feeling sick in about 19,980 blocks.
Awesome site btw!  I'll definitely be saving this for my celebrati.... *cough* I mean when I'm home sick from work.
@_date: 2017-04-07 14:25:48


Those are direct contradictions right there.  A patent is a government monopoly enforced means of controlling the use of an idea.  It has nothing to do with capitalism and everything to do with government force.
@_date: 2016-02-13 14:46:35
This is so pointless and only serves to obscure the real problem.  The US government and Federal reserve *openly* commit the exact same fraud and price manipulation as a form of "fiscal policy."  Having them prosecute the banks is beyond comedic irony.  It also ignores the horrible job of regulators who let it go on for decades, who should also be fired and prosecuted.  While simultaneously giving the ridiculous impression that the government has done something to prevent this behavior in the future, as if the environment they set up, the policies they enacted, and the infrastructure they monopolized weren't the exact reasons all of this was so easy to pull off without any resistance in the first place.  
It's such an obvious structural problem that is being covered up by a bullshit "prosecution" that will fine some abstract institution (paid for by consumer fees and legal counterfeiting) a tiny portion of their massive, government supported profits.
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:57:08
He specifically said *possession* (with asterisks) is not technically in itself a violation of someone else’s rights.  Of course the *creation* of it would be.  
Unfortunately when someone says CP on the internet even just in an argumentative comparison, everyone in the world is immediately triggered and reverts back to middle school squealing and “OMG THIS GUY IS TOTALLY A PEDO!”
I saw the whole thread go from start to the barrage of tweets, retweets, claims, posts, and all the other bullshit.  It was incredibly stupid to post it on twitter, but logically he is accurate.  Owning ivory earrings doesn’t make you an elephant murderer.  That’s the analogy he was making. He just forgot the internet was going to go all SJW and beat the shit out of him if he typed CP.
Have to admit, I’m getting tired of this sub and this whole debate.  I spend my nights reading about bulletproofs and payment channel rebalancing and then come here to find nothing but Roger Ver, Jihan, and Vitalik is a pedo.  I thought this would eventually go away but I’m *really* sick of this mess.  *There is nothing interesting being discussed here anymore.*
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:31:48
Too big to fail?  ; )
@_date: 2016-02-02 04:26:16
lol, I don't trust Google translate and dont speak Chinese.  But if anyone wants to assist in that I would actually be willing to give it a shot.
@_date: 2017-04-24 15:47:26


FTFY.  It's a very convenient platform that does exactly as advertised.  I've used Coinbase for a very long time without issue.  Their support however does not have the greatest track record and I think it is largely to do with the growth of the company.  They *constantly* have new users and I wouldn't go into it expecting them to have prompt and accurate support.  Otherwise the service is great though.  At least in my experience.
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:54:02
Very true, but cost for the vendor is largely irrelevant if we want consumer adoption.  The consumer doesn't see or recognize those costs.  I tell people all the time that they are paying a *huge* tax through inflation, but they don't care, because they don't see it.  In the exact same way Bitcoin is immune to "inflation" it is "lower cost." Both is ways the customer will fail to see any direct benefit.  Instead they look at it and go "why do *I* have to pay a fee?"
All they see is what they directly pay, therefore most wouldn't be likely to believe or care about either inflation or the fact that their merchant pays for them to use their credit cards.  
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:08:13
Is there a response for professional discussion that you would *not* interpret this way?  Seems to me a discussion is far better than alternatives.  I see no blatant or even subtle attempt to imply an insult.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:39:02
fair enough.
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:58:23
But it does reveal a lot about the value proposition.  In truth, there is *no* directly comparable asset or company.  Gold maintains $7 trillion in market value from *nothing more than a secure, decentralized, and immutable money.*  That is a significant reality that suggests Bitcoin could contend *even if it continues to be relatively slow and expensive versus VISA.*  At least for now, I think Bitcoin certainly *can and will* compete both in costs, speed, and reliability in the long run.
@_date: 2016-02-17 01:28:12
u/starcarrie u/poblico u/parabolik u/fluffy1337 u/okaycan u/289mp7363sdm4dm3q0o
You all suggested commenting on my past infographics that you'd like to see a monthly update.  I just finished the infographic for January and figured I'd let you know specifically. :)
@_date: 2016-02-02 12:00:30
I actually thought it seemed more pro-Classic honestly, and I kind of felt inclined to lay out the core roadmap because others thought that too.  I guess perspective is everything.  
Full disclosure: I probably was a bigger supporter of Classic during the first info graphic though I was warming up to the Core Roadmap as I read more about it.  Now I simply am on the fence.  Can't fully commit to either at the moment because I think there is good sense in both approaches. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:02:30
The last 15 years have by no means whatsoever been a natural market and have not seen what would be normal consolidation.  This has been a product of price controls on interest, the highest regulatory barriers of any industry, an astronomical amount of subsidy and government backing, and an overall UNnatural market.  
@_date: 2017-04-05 18:57:05
Ah yes, so exactly how many engineers who essentially built many of the underlying pieces of Bitcoin and even more so of the broader internet and encryption in general don't know what they are talking about?  I'm sure your opinion is far more nuanced and informed than Nick Szabo's inability to "understand"... /s
@_date: 2017-04-02 22:24:23
It's got nothing to do with how much it mines, it's that the chip mines *something* which allows developers to play with the code and have a small amount of bitcoins to experiment with without having to go through the many annoying steps of getting bitcoin.  Its value is that it is a ready to go product, very useful for developers, and has the entire bitcoin package in one, including mining hardware.  
This defense, however, is mostly irrelevant as you called the company a *scam,* which is the point I'm arguing, yet you have since moved the goal posts and only argued that their product is overpriced and have given not a grain of evidence that they are a scam.  The company is 100% open, [they even have an entire website dedicated to the parts, directions, and open source code *for you to make your own.*](  You are simply being loud and judgemental because you are rude and it feels good, and you think it's perfectly reasonable to accuse someone of dishonesty, fraud, and theft simply because you would prefer not to buy their product.
@_date: 2017-04-13 03:48:50
Very few people use Litecoin because there is currently little incentive.  If litecoin gets SegWit and lightning network before Bitcoin does however, there are going to be tons of people (myself included) using litecoin just to try out and play with lightning network.  LN is one of the biggest things to happen for Bitcoin in its history and it will be a game-changer for how the system works.  Its using a script inside Bitcoin, to make a live and update-able multisig smart contract, that builds a functioning, high ferquency payment network *on top of* a normal bitcoin transaction.  That shit is nuts!  I will have Litecoin in a second if LN is released because I want to play.
@_date: 2016-02-02 12:08:58
Thanks!  The more "efficient" transaction is to portray, in as simple terms as possible, that Core is attempting to update Bitcoin so we can do a lot more, a lot faster, with the same block size we have now and before we risk network consensus.  It's not perfect, but it's easy to understand using "efficiency" that there are ways of making things run better and have higher volume *outside* of just raising the block size, which at first glance isn't quite as obvious as "double the block size."  thanks for the input :)
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:16:31
I need more popcorn.  This is just too exciting.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:02:13
A minor problem is that they purchased a chinese patent on on something they did not invent.  The big problem is that they were secretly using this and deliberately blocking SegWit, an upgrade to capacity and a fix to multiple problems in the Bitcoin system, *because it removed their advantage.*  They were deliberately blocking the software, and spreading lies and creating a campaign against it, to protect their profit margin at Bitcoin's expense.
edit: responded to wrong post
@_date: 2016-09-09 18:37:26
I didn't see any major change with RBF, which the vast majority of retailers have no idea about anyway, and full blocks didn't make any impact either unless you can show that retailers were complaining about this somehow.  
Bitcoin was *never* good at POS purchases.  We got a few local businesses to accept it and it was a crappy experience every time.  It was slow, unintuitive, and always seemed to require everyone to stop, refresh their app, fiddle about with it, and then it would finally take.  Not to mention most of the cashiers had to ask us, the customer, if it worked or not.  There are plenty of things holding it back from being a good POS currency right now, I think you are just projecting a bias by claiming that RBF and "full blocks" were the deciding factor when I know of not a single retailer or business that stopped accepting Bitcoin for these reasons.
@_date: 2016-09-01 23:18:54
Yeah I think this actually goes back as far as 2010-11.
@_date: 2016-09-13 17:46:42
you just used a bunch of numbers about how a relatively free economy got more productive and claimed that this is somehow proof of a very specific economic theory without any connection whatsoever between the two.


I take back any idea that I thought reasonable discussion might be possible with you.  The number of assumptions here is pretty staggering, you ignore the topic for irrelevant data points that you somehow think is proof of something you don't even define, and you have spoken like a whiny 10 year old with cheap insults and name calling.  I don't know who shit in your cereal but you need to grow up.
I enjoy debating with people who can form a coherent argument.  You don't appear to be one of those people. If you end up responding to this I will go ahead and let you know that you will be talking to yourself.  However, that might be what you came here to do anyway, so feel free.
@_date: 2016-09-27 20:26:03
So you are saying that:
1)  A government granted monopoly on creating debt through counterfeiting currency
2)  A government backed central bank that has monopoly power of price manipulation over the interest rate, arguably the most important economic indicator.  
3) And a government partnership to monetize government debt and essentially fund whatever program the government desires through the hidden cost of inflation.
And when this results in bubbles, instability, ever increasing levels of debt, and both a fragile and unpredictable market... That this is somehow a problem caused by **capitalism!?**
@_date: 2016-09-02 23:00:48
This kind of thing could slowly spell the end of Blockchain.info.  I have really enjoyed the wallet and I still use it as a go-to block explorer on occasion, but it's mostly out of familiarity at this point.  
Their shared mixing was taken away, their explorer isn't even totally reliable at times, and to know that there will probably be someone examining every transaction from their wallet service... There just isn't any reason to use them anymore aside from the fact that they've been around for a while. 
There are too many alternatives now.  This would be a stupid move IMO.
Edit: *I didn't catch in my skim that this was so they could add the ability to buy Bitcoin with dollars, essentially becoming another Coinbase.  I would stop using blockchain for general wallet use, but if hey intend to be an avenue to buy Bitcoin and have to do the usual KYC stuff then more power to them.  No way getting around it anyway if integrating with the banking system.*
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:12:30


Serious word choice right there.  How about trying to explain his position face to face rather than through the political and public lens of social media and contentious community division? Adam has no power to "force" anything in this situation (especially not to "accept his rule...) unless you mean to suggest he is bringing a weapon to the discussion session.  Then I would agree with you.  Maybe neither one of them will change their minds, that's fine.  But to better understand both positions with less public fighting is better than the current status of debate.
@_date: 2016-09-06 18:37:22
Ok, in a nutshell:  They make some pretty wild claims about the cryptocurrency.  It is supremely decentralized, transparent, global, more secure, number *2* in market capitalization, can perform *more transactions than all major credit card providers*, and on and on.
Sounds great right?  Lets look a little closer:  
• "Where's your code?" - crickets (it is not open source, and as far as we can tell no one has seen it IRL)
• "How many nodes?" - bunches!
• "Where?" - crickets
• "Why do I have to buy it directly from you?" - it is a young cryptocurrency and not yet open for trading to everyone.
• "if their is no public trade, then how can you possibly claim its the second largest crypto without even have a market price?" - crickets.
• "Do you have a block explorer?" - crickets
• "Does anyone anywhere have an explorer or way to look at the data on this *transparent* blockchain?" - crickets
• "What mining algorithm is used what makes it better than Bitcoin's and other alts?" - a super secure and good one with powerful stuff and shiny thingies!
• "Where can I try mining?" - well you have to buy the coins directly from us and mining is only through *trusted partners*, in the future it will be open and available to everyone.
The list continues.  Basically, after months and months of completely ridiculous claims, promises of transparency, *deliberate* demographic focus toward the elderly and uninformed, and an *awful* snake oil/saleman style "its time to take your life in your own hands!" "who here would like to have a yacht?" sort of conferences.... if this thing *doesn't* turn out to be a scam, I would be outright **shocked**.
Just watch any of the youtube videos, they are all so sleazy I get nauseous watching them.  It *bleeds* pyramid scheme, there are constant appeals to authority, their "explanations" are just pretty sounding assurances, and there is *endless* talk about how much money there is to be made and taking back control of your life.  Its fucking embarrassing to be associated with it and it could cause a *lot* of damage to the public image of "cryptocurrency" when it finally goes under. 
Edit: Almost forgot the best part!  No one at these conferences who has "purchased" coins has received any as far as anyone can tell.  It appears they are taking money and promising coins, but there is no wallet or electronic way to receive coins "yet."
Edit2: [This video is great for showing how they respond to an actual question.](
@_date: 2016-09-05 05:45:58
Its amazing how fast Russia changes its mind.  
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:20:55
So did you have any posts regarding why the price went up $40 over a 6 day period?  Who is to blame for that? 
And what on earth does this have to do with Eth and Alts? Are you seriously suggesting that Bitcoin is too volatile and that's why people have invested in ETH? The crypto that has had massive swings for months, saw a hard fork and community split, a massive failure of their first DAO contract, and has yet to make a commitment to any particular proof of work/stake or whatever?  I have nothing against Eth, but your barometer is pretty skewed if you worry about a $20 correction and what is very normal volatility by Bitcoin standards, and think that this is pushing people to even more volatile, smaller market, and more uncertain alt coins.
@_date: 2016-09-01 00:57:00
So wait... By this same reasoning are you suggesting that had Steve Jobs had a term limit on how long he was allowed to be involved that Apple Inc. would have been better off?  What is the logic that makes you consider it beneficial to kick out highly productive contributors because "they have been there too long"?
@_date: 2016-09-13 02:53:45
I laughed, but honestly that's not very helpful. Read the rest of the thread if you want to know what a comment like that gets you in regards to level of conversation.
Edit: nevermind, I take it back, discussion with this person is like talking to a brick with an opinion written on it. Your comment was the proper response.  
@_date: 2016-09-28 01:21:09
Here is why I think this makes perfect sense.  The Federal Reserve is specifically created to manipulate prices in order to "prevent" recessions.  The problem is that recessions serve a real purpose.  It isn't bad to have contractions in the economy, in fact, one could argue they are critical to a healthy economy.  During a period of growth, even inefficient systems and businesses can be profitable. The recession is the point where the weak systems, poor business practices, and corrupt corporations are weeded out.  
How much quicker would Bernie Madoff's ponzi have collapsed had we been having a minor recession every year or two?  It is only because he was able to profit off a broad, FED manipulated explosion of new capital that allowed his scam to remain hidden for so long.  
Think about it like a forest fire.  You need minor fires on a regular basis in order to keep a healthy and resilient forest.  The FED is essentially stepping in and putting out even the smallest of fires and vomiting endless propaganda about how bad fires are.  Then the forest gets so crowded with brush and undergrowth that when a fire eventually hits that the FED can't stop, it obliterates the whole forest, and we spend a decade trying to recover.  Notice how those frequent recessions also resulted in stable growth, whereas the FED's "controlled" economy has enormous swings and much more damaging recessions, yet it *still* follows a very similar growth pattern.  
You also cannot forget the many other side effects of this kind of manipulation.  First it lowers the price of debt artificially and encourages the economy as a whole to get in over their heads.  Small, frequent recessions encourage frugality, give a predictability to the market, and remind people that they need savings for fluctuations in productivity and growth.  When recessions are much further spread apart through price manipulation, people get into debt to a *drastically* higher degree, making the recessions that finally occur *devastating* to the the middle and lower classes.  These periods of growth can go on for *decades* and whole generations can think that savings are pointless, and frugality is a thing of the past. It has painful and damaging financial *and* cultural effects.
Try to imagine the full consequences of this.  Entire generations of people who don't have savings accounts.  A culture that twists toward all purchases using credit, the death of thoughtful frugality and slow perpetual growth of consumerism, entitlement, and buy-now-pay-later attitude.  
In addition, creating debt into thin air greatly increase the amount of capital (false or not) chasing high priced goods.  Ever wonder why those things paid for with cheap, easily available debt seem to be so damn expensive and endlessly increasing?  [Higher education? Medical? Houses? Cars?]( Notice that the average commodities haven't changed drastically in price, yet the debt driven markets are shockingly higher.
Notice the correlation between [debt spikes and the broader economic downturns.](
It is also important to remember that these FED manipulated recessions are simply built up from smaller imbalances that are prevented, *pushed forward,* and then simply made *worse.*  That's why so many people today are aware that there is just another, even worse bubble to burst, right around the corner. 
TL;DR So in a nutshell, yes the FED prevents small recurring recessions through price manipulation, but it *does not* prevent the market from correcting imbalances (which is why a recession occurs in the first place).  Smaller, more frequent recessions are healthy in the same way small, frequent forest fires are.  Having the FED prevent these through price controls simply worsens the imbalance and pushes it further into the future.  It requires even more serious price manipulation (did someone say 11 years at zero interest?), it encourages poor business practices and fails to weed out corruption and inefficiency, and worst of all, it directly profits the wealthy, the banking system, and the government, at the expense of the average worker.
@_date: 2016-09-13 18:58:26
Not to mention this is charging interest to hold essentially database numbers that they created from thin air and loaned out to other people at exorbitant interest rates.
It never ceases to amaze me how people can so easily excuse the blanket creation of credit backed by nothing.  That because the manipulation is to "help them get a loan," (which is a liability) they falsely believe they are the ones profiting.  When in reality, the bank has just created themselves an enormous asset out of thin air (years of your labor promised to them), then charged you *interest* for Giving themselves that asset!  In return, they have done absolutely nothing for this power except bribe for the political protection to do so "legally."  That is a criminal system if I have ever heard of one.
@_date: 2016-09-07 14:00:28


A little condescending don't you think?  I didn't come here to comment to make myself feel better, the guy asked a question and I answered.
@_date: 2016-09-23 21:53:30
I don't have much time right now (at work) but the data here actually makes sense.  On the surface this may appear to be beneficial to the economy, but I would argue that this is actually pretty harmful.  I'll be back to post sometime tonight hopefully.
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:02:53
Exactly, but remember that the crash isn’t one of poor productivity or loss of technology or some giant storm that comes and wipes out all of our houses.  It is solely a *monetary* economic collapse, meaning anyone not exposed to the collapsing currency will basically not be affected by it. The reason there is a breakdown is because the ability to trade and communicate value falls apart, and therefore so do supply lines and production networks.  If they switch to a currency that does communicate and secure value, then the problem is solved.  So if everyone switches to something like Bitcoin, it will just result in a historically unprecedented wealth transfer, but it won’t cause a depression within the bitcoin economy, only the dollar economy.
@_date: 2016-09-06 19:05:57
np, glad I could be helpful :)
@_date: 2016-09-03 17:41:45
"This website totally sucks and they won't stop emailing me, plus they lost their customer info, therefore I have lost faith in the Internet.  Now I subscribe to a magazine that talks about how the Internet is nothing but spam and bullshit tweets."  
I can understand being mad with Bitfinex and not wanting to use their service, but if *this* is the reason you no longer think *bitcoin* will work then your cause/effect logic is a bit skewed.  Have fun over at r/Buttcoin though. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 04:42:01
I was onboard with your first sentence, but then your second sentence broadcasts your ignorance.  If you think Bitcoin has “a non-existent, unsecure, uninsured currency model” then either you know very little about Bitcoin, or very little about the currencies you are comparing it to with the presumption of such a statement.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 17:44:31
I would like to fork the shit out of that cheesecake.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:59:48
It’s a problem of liquidity. Just because the price hit 19k for an hour doesn’t mean there was $400 Mil worth of buying volume at that price. You sell $10 Mil and the price dumps all the way to 14k, then you wait for a bounce, and sell another $20 at 17k that drops it to 15k, then again at 10k, then again at 8k and 6k.  So you end up, by trying to offload more money than the entire market has in liquidity, with an average price somewhere in the middle.  Roughly 10k
@_date: 2018-03-03 20:48:11
Does it show any transaction history at all? Or is the wallet essentially blank? 
I had to download Multibit classic to get a wallet to show up properly in the past. Had some weird issues with old wallets before that aren’t very different from yours.  I was able to get access to it all again though.  Just make sure nothing is showing and transactions out, and it’s clear we have a syncing problem of some sort.
Which client again was used to originally receive the bitcoins, and what passphrase standard do they use. If you don’t know just post the client version and I can find the rest.
@_date: 2016-09-09 19:12:47
It appears, at least in my experience, that online services have mostly continued to accept it without much issue.  In-person POS stores seem to have dropped off heavily.  I think there is good reason for this:
1) Size of customer base. Online stores have exposure to basically the entire Bitcoin community.  Local stores could have as little as a handful of Bitcoin users in their entire city/town. 
2) Transaction time.  Even with 0-conf, transactions sometimes take time to propagate. In addition a slow cell/internet connection by either the retailer or the customer introduce a weakest link problem. In person transactions can sometimes take a minute or two to show up depending on the wallet, fee, connection, and so on.  Too many factors make it inconvenient.  Online however doesn't matter much, just don't ship until confirmation... Done.
3) lastly, educating cashiers. Every single person at a local storefront has to know how to accept Bitcoin and be comfortable with it or it's always going to be a slow and painful experience.  Online, as long as one guy gets the whole Bitcoin thing and can sort out any problems, this is usually enough.
TL;DR the delay in transaction broadcasting and propagation, the need to have all employees knowledgeable, and the severe lack of local customers makes Bitcoin a nuisance when it comes to POS transactions.  These same issues are either diminished or non-existent for online retailers.
@_date: 2016-09-13 16:06:42
How long have you been here? This is not even remotely out of the ordinary for Bitcoin price moves. Price went up $40 and down $20 over a period of around 12 days.  
I'm sorry that I'm not seeing this, but what on earth was strange about this move?  Maybe my 5 years in Bitcoin has made me desensitized to this sort of thing, but I genuinely didn't take even a few seconds of thought and I check the price casually 2-3 times a day.  I probably would not have registered the pullback at all if there hadn't been a few posts about it.  
@_date: 2017-09-28 18:04:07
That's under a situation with a single chain.  What happens is there are two chains.  For clarity we will call them BTC and 2X.
You are trying to send BTC to Coinbase for spending on your VISA card.  This gets picked up and propagated by both networks, as it's a valid transaction on both and do not conflict with any others.  
Problem is, you find out Coinbase is only supporting 2X in their wallets, therefore the keys to the BTC address were never created.  The address is only on 2X.  Therefore the BTC you sent are gone, and you have 2X coins in Coinbase (at whatever their valuation is).  So if you don't want to HF, it doesn't matter, the lack of replay will burn your coins on the original chain if they are ever spent to a 2X only address.  There is no getting them back.
On the other hand, let's say you spend from a 2X client to a 2X address, but you still want to retain your BTC because it either retains some of its significant value or is still the dominant chain.  You still end up burning your BTC as well. 
Same goes in the opposite.  If you spend your BTC to a BTC address/wallet, then you effectively burn your 2X at the same time.  Even worse, unless there are like 50 warnings and the company is extremely clear about it (which most have already *proven* they are deliberately trying to be sneaky) the vast majority of users are likely to not even know whether they are using a wallet that is 2X or BTC. 
So when you think about how difficult it is to understand the risks.  Now realize that you won't have the benefit of companies calling one 2X and the other BTC.  So the *actual user situation* will be like trying to understand this explanation except you replace *both* "2X" and "BTC" with the same word "bitcoin."
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:37:47


This is an incredibly important point that is hard to make people realize.  Just because you have an idea of what Bitcoin is, doesn't mean that it's correct.  The Edison and the phonograph comparison is very revealing.  We should all have a bit of humility in realizing that we have no idea what the true outcome of this technology will be.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:13:46
That would only work if they were getting you to send to a burn address.  However, if the malware attempted to generate an address that had the same 5 characters at the beginning and end as the one copy/pasted would take an extraordinarily long amount of time as I understand it.  Its essentially a vanity address with characters at both ends.
So yes they could just change characters in the middle but they wouldn't profit that way.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:38:14
Exactly, this is what I'm talking about.  For better or for worse, I'm not running a hard fork for political reasons.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:16:42
I totally agree, but its also very important to look at Ethereum's blockchain size.  They can't handle significantly greater amounts of transactions, have also had enormous fees during high traffic times, have had to change the gas limit, and are running into multiple issues because they aren't focusing on streamlining and making the underlying system as efficient and clean as possible.
I actually think Ethereum is a good case for why we should be extremely careful.  That being said, I totally understand the sentiment regarding shops accepting it and how it was 4-6 years ago.  It was a very different animal back then, but I think that change was inevitable when I try to see the real scope of the scaling problem.  [I wrote a short article]( that starts with how exciting it was to tell people about low fees and fast transactions and all that.  I could get into here but I think i said it pretty well in the article.  Read it if you have a minute or two :)
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:15:56
BIP148, or in other words, the nodes making the decision, is what brought us SegWit.  2X was a way to rush acceptance in a way they could save face and not have the HF they want so desperately to become irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-09-14 14:37:40
To stop saving or holding the currency of the central bank is actually doing the single action that directly affects their influence, its just at the scale of a single individual.  But I certainly wouldn't call it "passive." :)
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:15:11
Glad they are making extensive, frustrating and unnecessary work for themselves by being fools.
@_date: 2017-09-20 14:08:42
Not sure, but could have been users and businesses conglomeration coins in preparation for a fork.  
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:02:56
Their influence *over you.*
@_date: 2016-09-12 19:34:06
A major value of Bitcoin is that it doesn't respond to these regulatory dictates.  Similar to how Uber's and AirBnb's  true value is in their ability to route around heavy regulation.  That's why they are so popular, it opened up demand and supply that was inaccessible before.  Many have tried to make the Uber of food delivery, groceries, handyman services and so on.  They haven't "caught on" because there is no huge slice of demand/supply that can't easily met with the normal infrastructure.  This is the same reason for Bitcoin's continued success, IMO.  There is a large demand for privacy and personal control in the financial industry that cant be met in the current regulatory environment.
So on those points you listed, here's why i argue they wont make any real difference:
1) Data Privacy rules.  Bitcoin and decentralized protocols are built upon a foundation of putting the privacy and control of data back into the owners hands.  These "new" regulations will likely do very little to protect consumers data.  The promise of the Bitcoin blockchain and others is that the owner can dictate control over their identity, personal information, and financial data.  Regulation that attempts to protect how a company sells or uses its customers data will have far less effect on someone who never relinquishes control of it.  Where Bitcoin's security deviates from regulation is far more likely to be an additional failure of regulation to protect consumer data, rather than some limitation of decentralized blockchains.
2) The "Right to be forgotten" is a real issue, media and public misinformation can cause serious damage.  That being said, there is also no "right" to make other people stop talking, stop sharing, or force them to delete files from their computers/servers simply because it harms your goals or affects your poorly.  Another promise of the blockchain is to *finally* begin to plug many of the Internet's and financial system's gaping security holes.  The solution here is in protecting data, not figuring out additional layers of centralized control over devices or their users in order to manipulate data.  The internet itself is the major problem regarding the "right to be forgotten."  Blockchains are one of millions of reasons these regulations have little power.
3) As far as US Fair Reporting Securities and Exchange blah, blah.  These regulatory systems have failed miserably in protecting consumers, preventing corruption and fraud, and accrediting institutions.  The entire current regulatory structure is a catastrophe of historical proportions.  Where bitcoin and blockchain technology deviate and solidify an alternative to these many failed rule-sets can only be considered a good thing.  Yes, the Bitcoin blockchain will largely ignore the authority of committee decisions and the dictates of the SEC.  But considering the spectacular failure of these institutions and their governance systems, one can only support their "right to be forgotten."
TL;DR  These are legitimate concerns, but I think the overall result of these considerations is a net positive for technology and privacy.  Where Bitcoin's (and other) immutable system deviates from these regulatory controls will only be a net negative to the *regulators*, not to the consumers and users.  As far as creating a *new blockchain* that is alterable...  I see of no way to create this without massive counterparty risk.  This is at odds with the very core value of a decentralized blockchain.  I *could* believe that such a system may be possible, however, I don't think that these individuals or institutions have any significant concern over this matter.  User protection may be a small part of their goals, but I think their major concern is regarding their lack of influence over the network.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:39:35
I'd be curious too.  I wouldn't be surprised though if it didn't swing my way as far as sentiment.  People constantly paying high fees could easily be incentivized into a position that they think would fix that faster, without seriously considering any long term consequences.  
That being said I use bitcoin all the time just as you mentioned.  I've found coinmap not to be very useful unfortunately, but I still know many of the places that accept it and am always looking.  Much easier to use between friends and for shopping online however, which is the dominate way I use it today.  
@_date: 2016-09-13 02:45:18
Not comparing it to anything, simply measuring it by the results of its policies.  I don't have to compare a sinking boat to a floating one to say the boat that we are about to drown in is a piece of crap.
The current financial system is attempting something never done before in history.  Globally, every major currrency and central bank is pushing Keynesian policy to its logical end by holding interest rates at zero and fighting an inflationary currency war.  This will absolutely go down in history as a centralized financial catastrophe.  There is obviously another, larger crash coming, as the exact actions that created the bubble were doubled down on to get us "out" of the first one.  Meaning, the same imbalance we had before is simply bigger. 
There has never been economic manipulation on this scale before, ever.  Every single central bank across the modern world is creating credit into thin air at zero or negative interest.  If you think this is somehow regulatory "success" then I can't imagine what you are using for comparison.
@_date: 2016-09-13 14:03:13
We're going to be a busy damn community if every time the price retracts a few percent we go scrambling to figure out what happened and who was responsible.  
@_date: 2017-09-30 17:17:56
Agreed, I really don't like Roger Ver but he has agreed to many bets with other people, so the title is either derogatory (and dishonestly so) for no particular reason, or uninformed.  I strongly disagree with Roger's position and think he is very sleazy in how he goes about things, but he is betting hard on his altcoin forks.
@_date: 2016-09-27 23:54:58
How easy it is for you.  To simply explain away the outright central control of the foundations of our banking, financial, and monetary systems and prices as a "recreation" of capitalism and that "capitalism" has failed because their centrally planned financial system was a disaster.  The boom-bust cycle is created by not allowing interest rates to fluctuate based on market conditions, the exact monopolistic power granted to the Federal Reserve.
Government cannot recreate market prices by deciding what they *think* the market price should be.  Government cannot centrally plan capitalism in the same way it can't recreate freedom through a clever slave plantation system.  You either have market prices or you don't. Period.
Eventually the contradictions of socialism, that we can create market prices by having "really smart people" decide what those prices are (the epitome of hubris) will cause the system to overrun with corruption, special interest, widespread money creation, rampant price manipulation, and infighting.  The ultimate end of the pseudo socialist nonsense that promises to "fix greed" through staggeringly enormous systems of unrivaled centralized power is that it will collapse in on itself out of imbalance and corruption.
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:24:47
Unfortunately, this isn’t the case.  Swedes have a huge problem with supply, as any system that claims there should be no price would have. The USA is not even remotely a free market comparison either, more of a crony socialism. More than 60% of every dollar in healthcare is spent or directed by the government, customers are forced to buy a product regardless of whether they want it in many circumstances, there is a government granted monopoly on medical licensing, and the last 40% is often both subsidized and indirectly pushed into certain areas or businesses.  We have expensive healthcare because of the 80 years of government “fixing it.” 
FYI the reason the American Medical Association demanded government require a license with their organization in the late 1800s was because they were *losing* profits.  Prices in medicine were falling very fast as alternatives and competitors entered the market.  They literally campaigned that prices were falling *too fast* and the government needed to step in and stop it. History teaches many lessons, one of those that is that monopolistic and centrally planned industries always fall apart. Some take longer than others, but they have the same basic economic imbalances that are *specifically address by market prices.*
I understand this topic is heated and people get very emotional about universal healthcare because “lives are more important than economics.” I even agree, but economic laws are not suggestions anymore than gravity is. If you want to deprive as many people as possible from growth, availability, innovation, and access to healthcare, then just take away its market price, put a monopoly in charge, and it will eventually collapse.
All this being said, I really didn’t want a lengthy debate about how “this time” we don’t need prices to allocate resources and we can just get a bunch of “experts” in a room to divide up the scarce resources and it will work out fine. I don’t have the time to attempt to condense the enormous number of economics books I’ve read on the topic into a few reddit paragraphs.  I appreciate your comment, but don’t have the time.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:44:13
Beanie babies don't have real utility.  Bitcoin has incredible utility just today and an astronomical *potential* utility.
@_date: 2017-09-19 20:31:02
That sounds great in theory but in actuality it will just create 3 coins where there was one.  It would do the exact opposite and simply divide the community another time.  
Hard forks simply don't work that way, that's what makes them *hard forks.*  You are deeply mislead if you think the 2X HF is what could "bring us back together."  
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:46:50
Yeah it could definitely be a cluster
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:30:06
Whether you are a miner or not is irrelevant, BIP9 upgrades were clearly a bad idea that is rife with political vulnerability.  With BIP8 you are a node like everyone else and nothing prevents you from participating in the upgrade.  It just means no one is going to wait for you, or any other miner, to signal for it first.
I really don't know why you are getting all offended like someone insulted you.  Taking his statement personally makes zero sense.  If you supported SegWit then great, you should know just as well as the rest of us why BIP9 signaling was a terrible idea.  Aside from your perceived insult (which I don't see at all, but let's assume it's there), can you show anything else wrong with the comment?
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:01:21
It is absolutely what set a deadline for them and the commitment to going through with it regardless of what miners did is exactly why they rushed an agreement. You say it provided a deadline, yet believe it may have been inconsequential.  If that was the case then why did they even bother meeting it?
The simple fact is that there was massive support for SegWit and people were sick of the delaying for political reasons.  That support was so significant that a small subset of those in favor were willing to let the miners kick themselves off their network by implementing it on their own nodes and essentially saying "you can accept our SegWit blocks or not.  It's your decision to make, but we are running the code on Aug 1st."  
BIP148 was the leadership and confidence
In a direction that forced everyone to pick a direction.
@_date: 2017-09-09 06:59:47
This is why the miners can't be allowed to just decide on changing the rules.  If it worries you, run a node ;)
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:15:56
The idea is that we need to get used to high fees now and build in layers first.  Eventually we *have* to. There *will be* high on-chain fees for standard transactions.  The only way to avoid that is if we offload transactions onto other layers.  So do we want to get used to that reality now, and focus on decentralized layers while we are still small, agile, and a developing market?   Or do we want to get ourselves stuck in a series of buggy, reckless hard forks that make a bunch of bitcoin copies with tiny and pointless differences?
We will need enormous amounts of time to build, test, and deploy all of the code and infrastructure.  There are serious upgrades already on the table and we *don't even yet know* the extent to which they can expand the ecosystem when deployed.
Do the hard work now and keep the base layer solid as a rock.  On-chain transactions were *never* going to handle mainstream adoption while maintaining a decentralized network.  Decentralization is our  priority, so let's start with every option that doesn't send us down the bigger-as-needed road.
@_date: 2017-09-17 04:38:42
Wait, do you think I support Trump? Trump is a complete idiot. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:56:38
It doesn't have to affect the central bank, its only to protect yourself.  If it does make some difference on their balance sheet, good, if it doesn't, then at least you aren't subjecting yourself to their policies when you know an alternative exists.  Nothing is a perfect solution to a financial monopoly, but the one thing you can act on now, is refusing to hold the currency that props up their behavior.
@_date: 2017-09-26 12:51:13
It won't make the fee anywhere near $5 per input.  I think they misunderstood the fee problem while fees were high and this was the result.  
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:54:48
John Newbery*
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:48:10
The client is called btc1 and I'm honestly unsure where to get it.  I think viabtc links to it and has information on their site.  
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:05:05
Lol, do you think Craig is Satoshi?  Makes the most sense that most big blockers actually believe Craig is Satoshi actually.  For someone to believe such an obvious load of nonsense from a scammer, they first have to be ignorant of literally everything Bitcoin is. What other possible explanation could there be for accepting that someone is Satoshi who did not once, in anyway whatsoever, provide even an ounce of proof for this claim?
Keep in mind he has blatantly dodged the easy to produce and *only* true means available to cryptographically prove that he is Satoshi. So why would someone who doesn't know one iota about technical anything want or even care about technical proof? 
@_date: 2016-09-15 01:58:00
Noted.  I try not to rely on icloud for anything as a rule, but thanks for the warning anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:02:49
I have seen this many time but it was actually turned into an acronym *after* it became a meme.  Was around due to a funny misspelled post on bitcointalkforums.  Similar origins to the "this is gentlemen" meme.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:26:48


Are you seriously claiming that when people become part of the government they no longer have their own interests in mind? 
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:02:50
I would argue that the fact that there is a listing of weed is actually a testament to its potential disruptiveness, rather than a problem.  
That being said, I like seeing projects compete.  A clear mission makes everyone stronger.  XD
@_date: 2017-09-13 04:32:22
Those systems are likely to change drastically.  The question is why do banking services have such a disconnect from customer desires?  The banking system is in many ways based more on an authoritative relationship than a customer-service one.  That is because of a century long, severely neutered environment for competition and the self granted (the major banks all got together to draft the Federal Reserve act that allowed them to loan money they didn't have) to issue the very currency people used *as a loan.*  
Think really hard about *issuing* money in the form of a loan.  
1 - Before the transaction the bank does not have the money
2 - Then they write a loan for $100,000, 
3 - 'poof' they immediately hold an asset worth $100,000 that also pays yearly interest (so the more they loan the greater their income... again they have no capital to back this)
4 - The bank has offloaded the responsibility to produce the original necessary capital to the debtor and then *pay it back to the bank.*


5 - The saturation of that capital dilutes all of the currency being saved through eventual inflated prices (lagging consequence makes it hard to pinpoint)
6 - Bank gets extraordinarily wealthy by essentially pulling small amounts of value from every savings account and paycheck in USD, they put the obligation to earn the capital on the debtor, and *all* of the final balance (or the confiscated property) ends up in the hands of the bank, *plus interest.*
Don't forget, the bank started with *nothing* to back the loan (that's the definition of fractional reserve, not enough to cover) and used only the government issued right to counterfeit the currency in such a way that created *enormous* profit for the banking institution.  There is no situation where the process I described (partial reserves, fancy-legal-excuse, or whatever) isn't simply fraud and outright theft through counterfeit. 
All of the fees, restrictions, and arrogance are merely long term consequences of them slowly believing that "the world would collapse without them," and "we will always be the giants of finance, you can't disrupt 100 of market dominance." So they stop caring what their customers want (to a degree), because it mostly doesn't change anything.
This, at least as I see it, is what OP was referring to.  A market where the banks have no authority over the currency rule set and therefore have no derivative ability to manipulate the interest rate, will flip the current financial hegemony on its head so fast they'll all get whiplash.  The legacy banks will be offering everything they can come up with not to lose customers to the cryptoconomy.  
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:56:37
And how many big blockers called the Blockstream satellite stupid and wasteful?  I guess they never though it might be needed literally *weeks* after it was announced.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:02:56
Their influence *over you.*
@_date: 2017-09-26 15:50:23
This is out of context and it is explanatory in nature.  I don't think this necessarily means Vinny wants to "fire core" despite the assumption of the paragraph.
WhalePanda points this out in another tweet actually and Vinny seemed pretty upset at the implication.  He seems to generally be a big blocker though so its hard to say his intentions.  Jumping to conclusions after a segment from the middle of a conversation is a little unfair.  
I.E.  There is no doubt you could find multiple out-of-context quotes from my recent conversations or articles that make me sound like a Bcash supporter, despite having no interest in it from an investment standpoint.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:42:00
Don't stress about it, right after my purchase (all of my savings at the time) it literally spent the next month falling 90%!  not joking.  I watched $1000 go to just under $100.  
You are buying into a very long term game here.  Literally none of the major use cases for this technology have even been partially realized, the vast majority of which don't even exist yet.  There is absolutely nothing *late* about getting in today regardless of what the next few weeks hold.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:57:26
I got a wallet.
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:46:04
Seriously though.  To call open information about actual events a crime is ridiculous IMO.  The fact that our government may consider  what Charlie Lee did a "criminal offense" isn't something that lowers my opinion of Charlie, it further lowers my already low opinion of our government.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:16:11
The "greater good" is a way to excuse a bias.  It's how government justifies its actions which are based on the same bias and ignorance as everyone else.  Power and authority is sought after for selfish reason, the "greater good" is how they buy votes and convince themselves they aren't bad people.
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:31:21
... wut?  I'm talking about using government as an excuse to claim Coinbase is somehow legally obligated to agree with the no-fork camp.  This has been suggested multiple times recently and I think it's in poor character.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:37:17
Even if this scenario plays out to be true, McAfee will still have to eat his dick.
@_date: 2016-09-28 17:21:55
This is why I could empathize with the anger, but was literally pulling my hair out when people were screaming that Bitfinex needed to be shut down, go into bankruptcy, and have all of their assets divided among the customers. Legal proceedings like this are *never* the best option if you actually want your money back this century.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:13:56
A policy does not have "motivations," it is paper.  The writer has *intentions* for the policy, and then those who later apply or enforce the law has their own motives or selfish reasons for themselves.  
Government doesn't get a pass on reality.  People are self motivated, whether they work for a business, themselves, or the government.  The idea that government is "different" and that the people in the market are "evil, selfish profit seekers" but the second you vote them into government office they are "altruistic humanitarians" is a fairy tale.
@_date: 2017-10-07 17:23:39
I actually tried to do this the other day but couldn't source the bitcoin.conf file.  Can I just create one in the "Application Support/Bitcoin" folder and it will refer to it?
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:31:09
The likelihood of a completely dead network is slim to none though.  There are literally thousands of altcoins with barely any nodes or active users and many can't even be used for anything.  Yet they remain.  
I don't think Bitcoin, no matter how many times it is forked, and unless there is a critical vulnerability found, will ever have to worry about having a "dead network." 
@_date: 2017-09-20 13:58:46
Excellent! Closed process, no peer review, no proposals and debate, no testing, just good ol "take-what-we-give-you" development process...  can't wait /s
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:01:22
i actually agree, i think it would be more significant to have the single, more contrasting, Bitcoin around his neck. 
... that being said I didn't do any artwork, but I thought I might spend some time criticizing ;) 
The art is awesome u/crayon_smell.  Keep it up, this has a neat "samurai jack/secret of the kell" style that I've always enjoyed and it is very clean as well.  I can already imagine an animated film with these characters.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:58:26
Wow, thanks for posting this, lol.  I'll be sure to add u/BoatyboatMcBoatface to my list of users not worth responding to.  
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:26:55
Nah, I don't see how this was going to be avoided honestly.  There is a massive influx of new money and ignorant users who will inevitably have their own opinions.  Bitcoin was always going to have to survive a number of forks before we honed it down to something that could reach mainstream adoption. 
At least that's what I think ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-09-13 03:35:52
You are conflating unrelated things.  You can loan Bitcoin just as you loan anything else.  You would have to do so in a market where the interest rate can't be manipulated by issuing currency, however.  The financial landscape would look very different than it does today.  
There is no reason to think loans would somehow not exist.  And it is also misguided to presume our current horrible dependence on new debt (fueled by an entire century of manipulation and inflation) would even be applicable in an economy based on sound monetary protocols.
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:59:01
Got Blockstream satellite just in case.  Call the Core devs stupid and you probably have only a matter of days before their stance is justified by actual events.  If China blocks the P2P access to nodes, the satellites will literally be one of the only avenues available to sync with the network.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:39:44
Yeah I'm having trouble following his point there too. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:55:37
Yes it did.  You are missing the point.  Obviously BIP148 wouldn't have had a great affect had no one else upgraded with it.  But that's exactly why they pulled NYA out of their ass and rushed to get it done in under two weeks.  And notice the 2X didn't even have a client and no one upgraded with a SegWit2X client (it didn't exist), they *signalled* for SegWit2X and then just downloaded the normal core client.  
BIP148 forced them to make a decision and drop their political BS that "SegWit dangerous," "SegWit too complicate!," "SegWit backdoor for banks." Realizing that there was a subset that was not interested in putting up with their delaying anymore and the understanding that the code had been thoroughly tested and worked absolutely perfectly forced them to get it done.  
I'd ask what made it such a rush and why did it matter whatsoever to get it done by August 1st?  
BIP148 success was never about a majority of nodes running BIP148, it was about proof of significant and obvious community support for SegWit, a small subset of that willing to implement regardless of miner support (BIP148), and miners and businesses running out of excuses to refuse adoption.
That is why we got SegWit.  
@_date: 2017-09-05 20:20:56
That's very true, I'd like to see data on the correlation.  Maybe the number of transactions hasn't even changed drastically, but the differing block rates has simply removed the backlog?
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:57:03


So this is just another website that has no differing value proposition other than you can use cryptocurrency? 


So where OpenBazaar doesn't have any control over my funds, I would have to give my bitcoin fully over to the site and trust that I can withdrawal later?
If amazon starts accepting bitcoin today (or anytime) this website has no real value case.  OpenBazaar, being decentralized, can accomodate markets and products that no centralized service would be able to, meaning it will still be around.  
*Edit: didn’t realize this was currently digital goods only. This is a specific value case that cryptocurrency applies to very well. So on that note there is a notable advantage.*
Honestly, I don't even see a reason to compare CoinMall to OpenBazaar at all.  Seeing as CoinMall isn't trying to be decentralized or secure in the same manner or for the same reasons.  They are just building a website to buy/sell with crypto, which is great and all, but comparing the two is just pointless imo.
@_date: 2018-03-14 19:48:33
Be socialist with your family and friends, be liberal with your local government, but at a federal level even the tiniest of government should be treated as suspect.  Socialism is a great idea in theory, but it doesn't scale worth shit. The further removed from it the average person is, the shittier and more destructive it becomes.  Republicans, despite their enormous flaws, usually distrust the government involvement in personal lives and *some* realize how moronic the government is from a fiscal and monetary perspective.  This is all trashed though as soon as you get Republicans talking about war.
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:57:59
This just in!  All researchers, investigators and/or lucky persons who discover important information before others are hereby punished for their opportunity to capitalize on the information prior to the average individual.  This is irrespective to whether they actually *did* profit from it or not, as it was possible to do so, and we cannot prove that it didn't happen.  Carry on please, land of the free, home of the brave, god bless America the great America of USA, America I believe in.
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:20:26
I don't know, I never had anything against him.  There were times where he seemed like a genuine guy.  This blocksize disagreement and how he has handled it has certainly lowered my opinion of him personally.  But, it has lowered my opinion of many personalities and developers in the space, but that doesn't change how I judge their development improvements and decisions.  
For instance, I think Luke Jr is very abrasive, has said some things I absolutely don't agree with, is pretty arrogant, and is super stubborn which I think doesn't help the debate.  But that's completely beside the point that he codes like a machine, is an insanely talented developer, and holds an extremely conservative approach to securing the value and security of Bitcoin. 
So I would say Garzik should just be pushed to the fringe in regards to Bitcoin.  I have no problem, however. still following his involvement in the crypto space and still would like his input (unless its just personal attacks) regarding changes or improvements.  It will be interesting to see how it turns out and what the consequences of his thinking actually are.
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:24:35
I'll put it as simply as possible.  Here are the widespread and very common reasons that policymakers and/or regulators in the Chinese government have decided to involve themselves:
1) I don't want to have to deal with the load of blame and complaints when people start losing money.
2) People keep looking at me like I'm supposed to do something, I should probably release a statement... god I hate Mondays.
3) Jesus, look at all this money being made, somebody *must* be breaking the law.
4) I can't believe people think they can just create securities out of thin air without asking my permission, these idiots don't know what they are up against.
5) My boss is eventually going to come to me and ask what I've done about this, I better have something to show for it if this blows up in my face.
I'm saying, and have continued to try to explain, that these are the likely reasons.  The package will *always* come wrapped in "financial stability" or "consumer protection," I simply think it is naive to look at the wrapping and assume you know what's inside.  
You keep harping on "government jealousy" (which my claim was actually hubris) as if it started the discussion.  The original comment (which wasn't even yours) explicitly stated...


... my retort (about *hubris*) was to offer an alternative motive because I think the idea that Chinese officials care even a little bit about some random crypto investors, who they likely see as idiots investing in scams (hence they are *banned*), is naive to an enormous degree.  I think every above listed scenario is far more likely than the given reasoning.
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:58:05
For all those who aren't totally engrossed by Bitcoin drama and don't know what to do: All this just means is we should run our own node.  If you want to protect your money from any unwanted changes, or alterations in the process/governance of the protocol, running a node is how you do it.
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:56:38
It doesn't have to affect the central bank, its only to protect yourself.  If it does make some difference on their balance sheet, good, if it doesn't, then at least you aren't subjecting yourself to their policies when you know an alternative exists.  Nothing is a perfect solution to a financial monopoly, but the one thing you can act on now, is refusing to hold the currency that props up their behavior.
@_date: 2017-09-21 00:29:30
I would very much like to know as well.  This should probably be posted in r/cryptocurrency too if you haven't already. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:23:38
Quit trolling.  This is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:38:55


Not sure how I missed this.  I thought digital goods were just a piece of it, not the entire focus. 


I assume though that you don't have anyway of limiting your own ability to censor?  Governments are very keen on getting services and businesses to do their policing for them. 


Good thing to focus on.  Hopefully we get a payment layer system like lightning very soon and a marketplace like this can become a substantial hub with basically no fees and a vast array of connections.  Could be very valuable in that sense alone if it takes off.
Good luck with the project.
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:55:38


I'm not trying to make anyone feel guilty or anything because it is inconvenient or near impossible for them to run a full node.  I only mean to point out the importance of not trusting someone else, and not relying on throwing one up as a temporary defensive measure.
If that is your situation, then yes, taking advantage of this makes a wonderful opportunity and is certainly helpful.  Thanks for running a node and supporting the network in whatever way you can.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:23:03
Nope, just telling you what my node is doing.  Did I ever say that means the network decides the same? Nope.  Did I say that we made an agreement and now bitcoin isn't going to run 2X? Nope.  Did I say anything about anyone else's decision or actions? No I did not.  
All that happened was that I told you what I was doing with *my* node and you seem a bit salty about it is all.
Edit: And for me, that is "all that matters." I can point my wallets at my own node and can ignore everyone else if I so choose.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:58:39
But that makes him a Criminal!!  There's a law and some stuff, and permissions you have to have to say things!  /s
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:07:04
I like this idea better actually.
@_date: 2017-10-25 18:21:23
Does BitTorrent need a political lobby?
I think there is decent argument in giving vocal or monetary support to those friendly and accommodating to bitcoin regarding regulation and rules.  But I don’t think, and don’t want to rely on needing government approval for Bitcoin to succeed.  If it does, I want it to be *despite* government bans and controls.  The whole point is to design a money that is immutable, we can’t know if it works, and can’t design solutions, if we don’t have tests to learn from.
@_date: 2017-09-08 18:27:41
Lightning is complex but it's a new layer.  It doesn't risk any security of standard transactions, and it's complex simply because it has so many mechanisms in place to ensure there is no third party risk.
I disagree however, that SegWit is complex.  SegWit is a more versatile data structure that's more secure.  It is faster and cleaner in its operation.  Signatures are now more secure and faster to validate, and the new address format will make more sense as well.  Peter Wuille does a great talk just breaking down the new address format for like an hour.  From a human standpoint it might *appear* "more complex" but the computer sees it as easier and faster to deal with.
The complexity is inevitable if the intent is to encompass an entire ecosystem.  The approach to implementing that complexity is what's key.  The complexities are being added one highly tested, peer reviewed script at a time.  And the scripts have been allocated and designed in such a way that people who ignore them aren't susceptible to any problems.  
Ethereum on the other hand just had an enormous surface area to be attacked of hit with bugs. I agree none of this is straight forward. But I think your concerns with Lightning and SegWit complexity and the subsequent risk introduced are misplaced.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:24:23
Agreed, either way this crazy thing always stays interesting XD
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:42:00
Don't stress about it, right after my purchase (all of my savings at the time) it literally spent the next month falling 90%!  not joking.  I watched $1000 go to just under $100.  
You are buying into a very long term game here.  Literally none of the major use cases for this technology have even been partially realized, the vast majority of which don't even exist yet.  There is absolutely nothing *late* about getting in today regardless of what the next few weeks hold.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:46:45


Both coins will have hashing power if it comes to a split.  And I highly doubt a full 90% will jump to yet another hard fork, but I could be wrong.  If it did happen at all, I would expect some would back out when it was obvious there were just going to be two chains again.  And understand, there *will be* two working chains if it comes to a fork.  
The block time will just fall, more for one chain than the other (whichever has more hashing) but there will be two coins. Hashing power will probably jump back and forth based on price fluctuations.  It will be a shit fest for a little while until one side finds a soft fork solution, or a hard fork solution, and/or replay protection is established.
Hardly any of even the most terrible altcoins have *really* died.
Your narrative seems really confident but neither of us have a clue what would come of this fork.  I had this same conversation with a lot of people about Bcash.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:36:19
Just download the bitcoin core client and let it sync.  Then keep it running as often as you can.  If you want to wait until the official release of 0.15 (which syncs much faster) it looks like its only a few days away.
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:10:50
The security is based on an entire connected history.  You can't just drop "expired" outputs without severely compromising how the system guarantees the supply of coins.  Any client that did so would immediately no longer be a full node and it's validation would practically be useless.  
You can't just say "we can prune," and then think you've solved something.  You have to figure out a way to prune that *still verifies all of the pruned data.*. Which means you would likely have to change how the blockchain is aggregated and hashed, because I don't think the headers alone would do the trick.  But that is beyond my expertise so I honestly have no idea what all would be involved in attempting to get the same historical and monetary guarantee, while only storing and verifying a fraction of the data needed to prove the currency's history.
@_date: 2017-09-14 15:48:46
10,000 bitcoins for two pizzas, first known public trade where bitcoin was used as money.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:44:11
It was a very significant portion of the individuals making those claims about SegWit when they wanted a 2MB hard fork instead.  If you didn't see that those came almost hand in hand then I can only think you weren't following the discussion for the nearly two years it was going on.  
SegWit2X came into existence just before the beginning of August.  It's brand new, the many people who supported it quickly were those that had been rejecting SegWit as a political maneuver to attempt a hard fork.  
BIP148 was a non-event *because* the hard forkers In opposition were forced to decide whether they would accept BIP148 SegWit blocks or split the network.  It was a non-event specifically because it succeeded in laying the options on the table, and making miners choose one or the other.  They chose SegWit because they knew it was a significant improvement with significant community support.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:56:56
I agree, and that's what I'm trying to point out with this post.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:03:39


my thoughts exactly, lol
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:01:46
I think this just makes us look like the surprising number of ignorant and painful conspiracy theorists in the “other” sub.  There are a thousand reasonable explanations that don’t include some conspiracy.  Literally anyone who supports 2X would like that tweet, and I almost even liked it because i agree BTC will likely drop due to uncertainty. 
Just read all of this user’s comments in the post and ask, how would *you* respond and comment if you were here trolling and wanted to make everyone look dumb?
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:56:27
They seem to be focusing on digital goods which I think is a really smart way to begin the project, as its perfectly applicable to cryptocurrency technology.
The market certainly isn't perfect and has weaknesses/trade offs in the centralization and trust sense, but it also isn't worthless and therefore doesn't deserve outright dismissal either.
@_date: 2017-10-02 05:08:02
Agree with the sentiment that running to the government is in poor character.  
Strongly disagree with the equating a few random tweets you disagree with as a hammer to judge "all the former cypherpunks."  What possible logic makes sense to judge an entire technical and economic argument because of an opinion unrelated to the argument itself.  There would be little difference in believing the world must be flat because you once saw a rocket scientist be extremely rude.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:20:52
He... liked a tweet.  
Are we really extrapolating all of this, including his trading positions, and then the motives for blocksize decisions inspired by these *assumed* trading positions... because he *liked* a tweet?
@_date: 2017-10-05 01:17:16
It's obviously in jest, but still in bad character.  Bitcoin is broken if it can't survive Garzik.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:34:05
I Agree with the concept.  But don't rush to call it a "lie."  While I do think there are clear malicious actors involved, I also think the vast majority simply don't understand why Bitcoin is secure and have falsely equated that security with hash power.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:22:37
I wouldn't say permanent.  BCH has actually given a lot of insight into the consequences of losing 90% of the hashing power.  If it happens it will be a crazy ride, but I've been here a long time and have grown too accustomed to the swings anyway.  They just aren't as exciting as when Bitcoin was nothing and people called you an idiot for being invested.   I think its time for Bitcoin to have a significant player challenge it and see what happens.  Gonna happen sooner or later.
In the end, this is a technical experiment in programmatic consensus, a technology that undermines the concept of monopoly law as a legitimate tool of governance.  I'm here because of the promise of replacing hierarchical authority with decentralized and distributed networks.  Whatever happens along the way, I'm investing the bulk of my capital into that long term goal. 
Hopefully we will only need keyboards and terminal windows to win this battle.  But its good to have your axe just in case ;)
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:44:48
I saw the same, however the crossover between differing opinions and viewpoints is really bad on Twitter.  Meaning the completely lack of 2X support is unlikely to actually be representative of the community.  It doesn't suffer as bad from spam and vote manipulation, but it does suffer pretty heavily from selection bias.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:38:49
Calling him a “douche” because he disagrees with you isn’t going to make any productive headway whatsoever.  I think is fair that he has his position and I have mine.  I will call him out on supporting the lack of replay protection and on believing he has the right to attack the current chain in order to encourage or even force others to use B2X when we don’t agree with it.  
But I don’t think calling his a douche does anything to properly address these concerns or make him anymore aware of his mistake.  And it certainly wouldn’t make him take my opinion with anything but blanket contempt and dismissiveness.  I almost don’t blame his stubbornness considering his perspective.  I wouldn’t want to listen to people who called me a piece of shit the very second they heard I supported bigger/smaller blocks either.
@_date: 2017-10-05 04:04:05
It's a pretty funny comic though.  Clearly it's no brilliant argument (or any at all), it's just demeaning joke.  Typically I don't support being mean just for the sake of being mean... but I definitely chuckled at this.
@_date: 2017-10-27 00:40:05
I think we will see fees that high at times regardless of blocksize.  Do you literally think 2MB will prevent such fees? 
So not having to trust the rules and securing in a decentralized way isn’t a reason to run a node? Independence isn’t a reason to run a node?  Why hold your own keys?  It is *far easier, cheaper, and more convenient* to just just store your keys with Coinbase or MtGox... why would you want to hold your own keys and have to pay *any* network fee in order to spend your bitcoin?
Do you truly not see any risk in trusting any and all monetary policy of Bitcoin to only a few, very large, well-funded, and extremely visible institutions?
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:50:26
Ugh, it can really be a pain.  The full release is just around the corner it appears though.  Give it a few days
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:23:56
Not yet, but it's very soon now.  I think on the matter of days last I read.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:37:08
Unfortunately it appears that it is becoming a rather regular thing.  
To answer your points:
• Coinbase is still a great service and I've been using them forever, but I might finally have to find an alternative if they support something as reckless and foolish as a HF without replay protection.  It risks *everyone's* funds who make a transaction on either chain regarding what the dominant coin comes out to be.  Essentially the lack of replay is saying "there will only be one coin, no one cares that you disagree, we will destroy your chain, any bitcoins you send will be burned on our chain or vise versa, and you will have to use our 2X chain regardless of whatever you believe or want."
• Coinbase merely was invited to and then made an agreement with a bunch of other mining and business interests.  There were zero developers, there were zero proposals for discussion, there was no testing or discourse, there wasn't even *any fucking code.*  their entire upgrade process is get the perceived "legacy power" in one room, and we can just tell everyone what is going to happen.  Then we will act aghast when the whole community doesn't just accept our declaration.
• There are a number of them but [here is one I read last night.](
• it's pretty serious, but this kind of behavior and threats has been going on through multiple avenues for nearly 3 years.  This is the second time it's manifested as a pointless hard fork, and would be the first time it was done without replay protection.
• welcome to Bitcoin.  This is how shit happens.  I don't think there is ever a "good" time to get into Bitcoin.  There has always been drama, there has always been FUD, and there is always a big risk.  I think it's the nature of undermining the very way people think about decision making power and hierarchies of authority.  This shit is inevitable because even some people who believe in Bitcoin clearly don't understand that just because a handful of big companies lead an industry, that doesn't mean they control bitcoin.  Those companies and their followers are having an *exceptionally* difficult time understanding that they aren't all that matters.
TL;DR  If you don't move your coins after/during the fork or until this issue is resolved, you are fine.  I would wait it out and buy popcorn.
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:02:19
Wikileaks didn't take any side in the election.  You should take a long hard look at your opinion on the matter and ask if you assume that just because you heard it a thousand times on all the news media... or if you actually have any evidence or actions that say they wanted Trump to be elected.  
FYI, Hillary being a corrupt piece of shit is not evidence of Trump support.
@_date: 2017-10-15 13:54:57
Most people are debtors because our system rewards debt.
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:23:17
This narrative is just so silly to me.  There are thousands of competing altcoins with bigger blocks, faster confirmation times and all the special sauce hard forkers want.  Yet many think Blockstream somehow has the power to make everyone use a more expensive and slower option by not “upgrading it.”  Such a business plan would be the absolute most absurd means of flushing $100 Mil downthe toilet imaginable.
If you truly equate Bitcoins value as solely based on low fees and easy payments, then i guess this would be the only narrative that made even minor sense, but I want you to see it from my perspective...
*This, to me, is like saying Kleenex is going to start charging $50 per box of tissues and everyone will be forced to use it still because it’s got a known brand and is recognizable.*
Why on Earth would companies start using and making the massive investment and cost to adapt to cryptocurrency if they only valued it because it was cheaper to send payments than a bank?
True value independence and immunity to political monetary destruction is worth *tens of trillions* at an absolute minimum.  And that’s entirely regardless of the fees.  Monetary debasement is the most destructive and wealth killing mechanism in the world. It starts Wars, it wins Wars, it wipes out life savings, it corrupts, it bribes, it cheats, it starves, it steals, it centralizes power, and it impoverishes people for centuries. 
This narrative doesn’t add up, and I think you should consider very carefully about [why bitcoin is valuable in the first place.](
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:45:02
Not the biggest problem by far, caused in large part by the spam attacks from the very people campaigning to exaggerate the problem, and is by no means (as is quite obvious) a killer of Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin is about the ownership of money entirely independent from the state, any company, or even a conglomerate of "industry leaders."  High fees are a temporary problem soon to be fixed by *actual scaling innovations.*
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:30:23
When the world has always been a certain way you rarely think about what it actually means objectively.  It's just "the way it's always been." In regards to "digital" money, it was in the bank when they were born, and it's still in the bank today, it's just easier to spend.  No one spent 6 seconds wondering what that actually means.
@_date: 2017-09-29 05:20:17
Just because I might laugh at a BitTorrent or file-sharing ban doesn't mean I don't want to use BitTorrent or share files.  It means I'm laughing at the governments arrogance in thinking they can, or have any right, to prevent others from using it. 
This, I think, is what they are getting at. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:28:12
As long as the protocol stays secure it won't matter. Third party institutions will always require trust.  It's the **money** that must absolutely, unequivocally be resistant to control.  If the protocol is independent, then their manipulation only happens on the fringes and makes them no different than MtGox running a fractional reserve... powerless to change reality and just waiting to die. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 22:15:52
I left out "no matter how benevolent their intentions" not out of any reason other than the title was too long and wanted to fit as much of the substance as i could.  I dropped "upon the network" as well, since it was implied.
edit: I also want to say I do think the intentions are benevolent.  I don't believe most have any ill will toward the mission of a decentralized future (well, almost all).  However, having a handful of companies able to force a contentious change does nothing but scream loudly to governments that "these 12 guys are all you need to worry about if you want to kill/control Bitcoin."
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:35:08
I disagree.  I think that's being unfair.  There are a lot of people who clearly just think that somehow having miners in charge of the protocol aligns incentives for them to protect it.  
I think they are seriously mistaken and miners and business incentives are no different from that of a business benefitting from their continued position as intermediary.  The whole idea was to have the individual, down to every user who wished to run a node, decide what rule set they wished to follow, and have them able to guarantee those rules through their own node.
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:39:14
Seriously though.  This kind of crap just makes me shake my head.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:22:35


I can see that being very useful but not groundbreaking as far an normal online shopping goes.  *(edit: meaning I think this could help but not solve most of these problems.  Still need solid identity management and with pseudonyms fraud will always exist from merchants or customers.  escrow and reputation is great at limiting it as the darknet proves, but it isn't perfect.)*


Yes of course, but I see that specifically as a limitation, not a feature.  If they could provide the service without controlling my funds, it would be groundbreaking.  


Very true, but this is also just a technical limitation (in other words, solvable) and a derivative of Bitcoin's limitations as a payment network.  Using a myriad of cryptocurrencies on the platform can mitigate much of this problem.
Good point regarding digital goods, I didn't think specifically about that issue.  IMO this ought to be a key focus of the platform if it isn't already (if you can become the most secure digital goods provider, the rest will follow after building the network).  Cryptocurrency and digital goods delivery definitely go hand in hand.  Provable from both directions and therefore, truly trustless (aside form needing to deposit coins of course).


This is good.  What ways do you have to separate your liability if someone is selling something "questionable" on your site?  Not collecting user data is by choice, not design, correct?  If police come knocking at your door, what guarantees of privacy/independence are there?  Is encryption done locally? Is coinmall open source to see how this is accomplished?
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:46:32
Well my node isn't running btc1 and there's nothing you or the arrogant NYA people can do about.  I wish you luck.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:13:37
That's probably true.  Even if it was 2 years down the road like they had planned all along, as long as it had a plethora of important changes it would completely kill B2X
Edit: autocorrect was incorrect.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:37:56


I have to disagree intensely with this statement.  Tyrants **love** religion, as it provides an avenue and doctrine that sits willful listeners in front of them, an excuse for their teachings to "never be questioned," pushes the blame onto a higher power "these are God's rules not mine," and gives them the perfect "in" into ever persons overton window.
Religion has been the most massively tyrant coopted institution in the history of the world *specifically because* changing a few pages of a book (bible or other religious text) and re-releasing it can have an impact for *thousands* of years thanks to the unquestioning, zealot-like loyalty that is unduly given to religious text.  Ask yourself why so many significantly powerful kings insisted on writing "their own version" of the bible.
I don't mean to dump an enormous poop on that statement, but history shows tyrants latch onto religion specifically because it is such a powerful tool to use *against* the people.  And up until *very recent* history (between 100-150 years) *every* powerful government was still based off the dominant religion, as it was extremely difficult to control people without it.  The United States was one of the very first with a strict separation between the religious doctrine and the law.  Granted, the state just became its own religion in short order... always has been really.
@_date: 2017-09-14 15:58:46
...The last few times the exact same FUD came around.
We have had Jamie Dimon call Bitcoin a scam like 3 times publicly now, and China has banned bitcoin *at least* 20 times already.  I think he has a point.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:18:58
I totally believe most of the people who want the government to "fix" things have perfectly good *intentions,* I simply think the system of incentives is horrible, and will never produce the outcome they desire.  It rewards more heavily those simply tell people what they want to hear, regardless of whether it is true.  No honest person telling hard truths *will ever* get elected.  Our current financial, medical, student loan, inflation, and economic situation should make it rather obvious that the status quo has been going about solving problems the exact *wrong* way.  Voting for more government power to do "the greater good" and not caring what that actually means hasn't been working out so well.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:46:33
That is my initial thought as well, but they repeat it so many times that they either mean exactly that, or do not fully realize the difference.  Or, of course, they could just be assuming too much in their statement such that their wording ends up being unintentionally ambiguous.
@_date: 2017-10-05 06:58:07
They wouldn't have to work around.  Adding protection would be easy from their current position, but they specifically don't want it.  They  want to kill the "minority chain" as they see it.  Replay protection doesn't assist in that goal.  So that's why it looks like this.
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:01:11
It was really just the arrogance, I think.  That they could make a decision and everyone would just follow.  It was a slap in the face to the development process and a massive disrespect to the community and users by saying "you don't matter, we won't invite you or even let you be part of the discussion. We decided and we're sorry but if you don't upgrade, we can't help you..." so we just wont "upgrade."
They just thought they were important enough that no one else mattered. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:40:43
I think this is someone here to drum up and make r/bitcoin look like a bunch of idiots.  The sheer idiocy of the post along with the number of all caps EXPOSED, proof he is EVIL, bullshit makes it poorly disguised (if they were even trying to hide that is).
But yeah this whole thing is crap and just trying to stir up the 12 years olds in the sub.
u/healingpainter has 2 posts prior to this one and 165 karma.  This is some spam if I’ve ever seen it. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:02:56
Not a huge fan of the OB1 guys stance on 2X and a number of other issues, also seems a little belligerent about it at times (granted so am i in the reverse opinion).  But those guys are doing solid work, have been focused on a better future with their project, and I do not question their motives at all.  I just think we disagree on how best to accomplish them.
Why must everyone who disagrees be a "teet sucker"?  Think seriously about whether or not there is any real principle that could apply to him being a "teet sucker" of DCG while you or I *wouldn't* be "sucking core's teet" by the same measure?  
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:07:50
First, You seem to be equating an economy with normal market loans to one with money *issued* as loans without realizing these are polar opposites.  No one is arguing loans shouldn't exist.  There is nothing wrong with voluntary loans or the normal fluctuation in the value of money.  These are responses to market changes, meaning the *price is responding to real changes in available resources or needs.* I would never argue that the price of electronics shouldn't adjust to the market, but I would absolutely find it ridiculous to think the government can decide the "correct" price for smart phones and then declare it by committee.
What most here (at least myself) are arguing against is *price manipulation.* And most importantly the manipulation of the most critical and foundational price across the economy, the interest rate.
Second, you greatly discount the power and privilege of printing money.  It sounds as if you think there is no greed behind someone's desire to print money, allowing them to covertly spend other people's saved capital on their own goals or aspirations. 
Consider very closely what is happening when you have the political permission to **issue money** *as a loan.* The best way to paint this is using you and I.  I'm the bank, you are the consumer.  You need a loan to buy a house, I have zero savings in reserve.  You come to me and thanks to the extremely rare and exclusive permission from the government, I *loan* $200,000 to you out of thin air.  I have just created for myself, with *nothing* to back it, a $200,000 **asset** in exchange for giving **you** a $200,000 *liability... plus interest!* I now own your house without paying a dime for it, and you will work for the next 30 years to make sure I'm paid.
Many people see and are angry at inequality and at how the rich seem to get richer while the poor get poorer.  Many people will tell you how hard it is to get by and how they feel like they are spinning their tires going nowhere.  People see how bad consumerism has grown and how horrible it's gotten.  People see how wasteful much of the economy is.  People see that healthcare and schooling are horrifically expensive and a simple broken leg or 4-year college degree can ruin you financially for the rest of your life.  People see that the banks seem to have this massive wealth and don't understand why literally every working individual seems to be hugely indebted to one.
People see all of this and fail to realize that these are all the *first and most visible results of widespread inflation, the political control of money, and issuance of debt as currency.*
Third, don't forget why counterfeiting is illegal and clearly fraudulent.  It allows people to spend without producing. Inflation through manipulating supply is no different.  It just means the banks, privileged financial institutions, and the government get the money before its value is lost to inflation, and then it makes it into the hands of the poor after it is already worth less than the last dollar they received.  
Thanks to how the value of money depletes and the time it takes to permeate the markets, the poor are having to produce *more* than the value they consume, while the wealthy are able to *consume* more than they are required to produce.  Counterfeiting because you are a bank or a criminal is irrelevant, and it makes no difference how good an excuse someone has.  Counterfeiting is theft, plain and simple.  *Nothing* changes that.


Please, don't be patronizing and assume everyone here is retarded.  Credit and loans are a natural part of the market and always have been.  The government power to counterfeit has absolutely nothing to do with that.  Equating them only goes to show how entrenched the fallacy that "inflation is healthy" has become in our economy that's leveraged itself so massively that we make the Roman Empire look like a trial run. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:34:04
I little harsh maybe, I don't think we have to get urine involved in this debate.  The node by itself will do just fine XD
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:39:08
The more I think about it, the more I like the idea.  It is seriously difficult to navigate this sub sometimes and funny memes consistently get upvoted faster than technical discussions.   
I could see this idea being very beneficial to this sub.  
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:32:07
^ this
There are already I think 7 different implementations of LN now (is that right?) and the fee structure will be a race to zero. I can understand entertaining the “blockstream small blocks for money” narrative at first glance because I did until digging into it.  But I just can’t believe how many people have thought that for *years* with such a mountain of evidence and ecosystem growth/change to make it so obviously absurd.
Maxwell, I think everyone here knows you built in a secret fee-stealing back door into LN commissioned in secret by Blockstream.  I know you can’t say anything publicly, but just blink twice if it’s true.
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:38:52
Yeah this is dumb.
Edit: sorry unclear.  I'm agreeing with the fact that attacking Coinbase as if the Bitlicense is worth anything more than dog shit and attacking Coinbase's right to list both coins is dumb.  I think it's in extremely weak character and makes anyone suggesting it look kind of cowardly. 
Disclaimer, I disagree with B2X
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:10:32
Who wants MAST, Schnorr, and Lightning?  "Not me" says B2X supporters.
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:08:15
Specifically: “Money by decree.”
Fiat is the term used for money that is used and valued by a market specifically because the king, government, congress, or whoever *declared* that everyone had to accept it.  Shows that they don’t want the market to have the choice to let it compete. With competition, they have to prove their currency has reliable and secure policy, and they are unable to print or distribute power as they see fit.  If they decree it *must* be used, they suddenly have the greatest economic power known to man.  The power to print/Control money at their own discretion. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:11:49
The funny thing is, if they don't implement replay protection, it *won't* survive.  The very means they want to use to kill the "legacy" chain, will be what kills their chance of even having a coin.  You reap what you sew I guess.
@_date: 2017-10-25 21:48:15
clearly it isn't easy to do, and in addition, full blocks should not be a measure of when or by how much to increase blocksize.  The greater the blocksize, then the more problematic the effect any DDOS or spam attack is on the network.  Transactions are not really any slower, and as a payment system, Bitcoin has always been slow.  That's why the Core devs and many other teams are all working on multiple designs of payment layers with instant transactions and exponential scaling.  
If they released a core client tomorrow that accepted 2MB blocks and someone started mining it, 100,000 nodes would be immediately kicked off the network.  Nearly all SPV nodes would be affected, the security of the network would plummet with only a handful of validators, services relying on their own nodes wouldn't be able to transact or accomodate their customers without moving to the new client and shutting everything down, updating, reimplementing service features, testing for bugs, and renewing the service.  This takes *months or years* to pull off safely with consensus based crypto without putting a ton of people's capital at risk.
It simply *isn't* easy, and to do so would only encourage the idea that whenever we have full blocks, it would be time to update.  Which is a reckless way of decision making, dependent upon conditions that could be easily faked, and would quickly begin to show serious long-term and irreversible consequences with node count and large institutional mining advantage.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:12:07


I'm not sure this really makes it any more reliable, just ensures that more people will believe it.
@_date: 2017-10-19 16:56:41
"better currencies" in only a single way, slightly cheaper transactions.  Worse currencies in less reliable monetary policy, less secure network, less resistant to influence, less accepted and recognized, less tested, and less development work for improvement and advances.
To be a currency there are 7 key characteristics, none of them have to do with cheap transactions.  Services and payment networks are the hinge regarding transaction fees, and there are many networks, third parties, services, and additional layers either already existing or soon to be operational that solve this problem in a myriad of ways.
@_date: 2017-10-25 06:54:40
“... force never change”?
Schnorr isn’t a change? SegWit isn’t a change? MAST isn’t a change? The Lightning network isn’t a change? The only difference is that all of these don’t break the network in two.  Maybe *thats* why most of the developers seem to agree on the issue.
And just in case it isn’t obvious, there is no “forcing you not to change.” There is no one stopping bigger blocks, there is no one stopping competition, and there is no one arguing to attack other coins.  But *not* changing Bitcoin if the network doesn’t agree with the change is *by design.*
I’m sorry if your opinions aren’t shared by the rest of bitcoin network and community. But there is absolutely nothing to do with “force” or “centralized control” because the Bitcoin network won’t break consensus just because you want it to.  
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:15:03
Ignoring this arbitrary debate might :)
@_date: 2017-10-12 22:49:29


We are literally going to get Schnorr, sidechains, LN, and MAST on Bitcoin before Bcash or B2X even finish dealing with the problems of hard forking.  Not to mention, before they implement anything unique or interesting into their protocols.
Great developers with an open, collaborative, and thorough process of testing and implementation will win every time.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:33:29
Here voorhees gives due consideration and agrees with the fair points and you come in and tell him to "fuck off."
Seriously why?
u/evoorhees please don't think we are all this guy ^
Edit: I just don’t understand the problem with treating people respectfully?  Why does it get downvotes? Why on earth would we want to give the perception of higher value to those being assholes? If you think you are being wrongfully attacked or demeaned, there is nothing wrong with recognizing or addressing it.  But try holding yourself to a *higher standard* than the person you are criticizing. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:40:00
Max is acting like a moron in this video and doesn't even really have good points to make.  He is just emotionally babbling pro-bitcoin stuff which his pro-bitcoin audience likes to hear.  
I consider myself a die hard bitcoiner, but i would never show this as an example of Max successfully debating any point with Peter Schiff.  I actually have more respect here for Schiff debating in front of an audience that's clearly against him, and sticking to rather reasoned (albeit flawed) arguments.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:13:43
The issue with Bcash began around a difference in terms of priorities. The “big blockers” favored adoption as fast as possible with the dismissal that we can “figure out the network security later” or that Moore’s law will make our problems go away. Where the small block camp wanted the network to be indestructible and unchallengeable under all possible circumstances.  In other words, even in the worst of conditions, even if bitcoin had to run entirely over Tor and secured in secret, it *must be able to survive and remain independent.*
Essentially the big blockers are planning for the best case scenario, while small blockers want to build in preparation for the worst case scenario.  With this disagreement a minority of the community broke away and created a fork (one of a great many). Despite their claims of Satoshi’s true vision, they have actually made a great many changes that no longer align with the consensus of the original chain. 
Had they merely made an altcoin and gone on their merry way, I think this would have fallen into obscurity pretty fast (the debate I mean). But instead, bcashers lean almost all of their value case on the claim that thy are the “real bitcoin.” They call it bitcoin, and advertise it as bitcoin. In addition, I rarely if ever hear anyone in the bcash camp talk reasonably about the debate.  It’s never “we had a disagreement and we think our method is better,” instead it’s almost invariably, “Blockstream is evil conspiracy, Bilderberg taking over, they lie about everything, go to Bitcoin.com and buy ~~my altcoin~~ the real Bitcoin.”  
So, the expected tribal response to such ridiculous claims is that Bcash is a scam that has no interest in building anything themselves, because their entire value proposition relies on the fact that Bitcoin is dead or just a trick of the banks... which just makes them look foolish when the developers keep building incredible stuff that turns out to be the opposite of their “centralized, backdoor, banking layer” claims. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 17:02:32
Can’t say I haven’t seriously considered this perspective, but I don’t think it’s realistic.  Plus, every empire has essentially thought this despite eventually collapsing.  The bigger the economy gets, the bigger the imbalance gets AND the more it increases over time.  Its not just the same percentage imbalance of a larger economy, the ratio is increasing as well.  The simple truth, regardless of how long it takes, is that pressure must eventually swing back the other way.  
The easiest way to picture this is that the *parasite is growing faster than the organism.* So yes, the fast growing organism is helping to prolong the life of the parasite, but if the parasite growth rate exceeds it, there is still only one eventual outcome. We just haven’t reached the tipping point yet. When we do it will happen insanely fast.
The last point is that up until very recently, there has never been a realistic escape pod from exposure to the parasites consequences.  With control over every significant financial instrument in the world, and complete control over the world reserve currency, where does everyone go when they disagree with the policy, or fear its outcome?  
That’s why Bitcoin completely changed the game.  It’s an exit strategy.  It presents a way to protect from exposure to the legacy system, without traveling 50 years into the past.  Instead, its a way to escape it while *moving forward* into the future.  That’s why I think the shift is inevitable. Very soon Bitcoin will not only be secure and independent, it will also be better/cheaper/faster/and more inclusive than any of the old alternatives. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:09:08


This is like saying, "we totally support freedom as long as it agrees with our tyranny."  Your sense of the Chinese government caring about Bitcoin and investors I think is a bit naive.  
I find it more likely that they are annoyed that this behavior is going on, people are making lots of money, and no one really asked their permission.
@_date: 2017-10-10 04:22:04
I'm pretty certain he means the former.  If he thinks LN as well as the other dominant second layer proposals rely on third parties, then he doesn't understand them.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:06:03
Sigh... I’ve been here for 6 years and post daily and don’t support 2X.  I guess the issue with history and reputation is no one checks before coming to s conclusion.  I *was* trying to keep people from looking stupid over an obvious troll.  
Oh well, good luck finding the tweet likes that explain your conspiracy. “PROOF he is EVIL.  MUCH EXPOSED.”
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:15:12
These are just a few off the top of my head.  There are tons out there though, I would just go exploring.
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:52:19
Bitcoin isn't a business.  It's an open source communication protocol.  There are changes a business can make that aren't feasible with Bitcoin.  If the network becomes centralized, there is truly no going back.  We either get it right the first time, or we start over with something else.
Edit: and also, I don't think low fees are a big part of the altcoin versus Bitcoin dynamic even though it is a big part of the rhetoric. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 04:29:43
The merchant's *acceptance of risk* made it instant and merchants *still do this* today.  There is nothing about empty blocks, or full blocks that in any way guarantees or secures against a competing transaction (double spend).  


Nearly every merchant still immediately accepts a transaction broadcast with a reasonable fee as final.  This hasn't changed at all and is only part of a narrative.  
Source: I've used bitcoin regularly years ago when fees were near zero, I've used Bitcoin regularly during times of high fees, and I continue to use bitcoin regularly today. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 20:37:53
But I thought we wanted bigger blocks only in the non-compatible, don't worry about testing it, politically motivated, we hate the developers kind of way. /s
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:02:50
Title is purposefully dishonest. "Shitcoin" is definitely not the ticker for 2X.  Bitcoin Core = BTC and SegWit2X = B2X.  OP is trying to cause market confusion by tricking people into searching for "Shitcoin" when they go to sell their B2X, therefore OP will get a better price, as they are the only ones aware of the real ticker, B2X.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:44:13
Beanie babies don't have real utility.  Bitcoin has incredible utility just today and an astronomical *potential* utility.
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:15:47
This guy puts his foot in his mouth so often it embarrasses me for him.  He seriously *is* intelligent, he is just so arrogant that he justifies or explain away massive contradictions in his own arguments.  
Honestly, of course he thinks Bitcoin is evil.  Bitcoin means that "average people" get to decide for themselves most of the rules that Krugman insists "the experts" **must** decide or society will collapse.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:07:29
Fingers crossed for $499,000 in 1000 days.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:58:02
The development process should absolutely be *philosophically motivated.* 
Anyone can program Napster, or BitTorrent.  The skill of developers has little to do with one or the other.  The *philosophy* of those two are polar opposites however.  
The philosophy of Bitcoin is specifically what makes it valuable.  Without that philosophical focus from development, it *would be* just a Napster.  The very nature of Bitcoin is philosophical.  If you try to divorce that from the development process, you divorce the reason it is valuable in the first place.  
Keynesian economists who desire central points of control can develop a crypto currency same as Austrian economists who want distributed control.  Doesn’t mean they will be valued the same by the market. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:50:43
This is the quintessential and ever present argument of... “you did something that displeases me/them therefore I/they beat the shit out of you.  If you hadn’t displeased me/them, I/they wouldn’t have beaten you senseless with a wooden club... so this is basically your fault.”
@_date: 2017-10-07 07:34:31
If you have a substantial amount, absolutely buy a hardware wallet.  Ledger nano or Trezor.  Super happy with my decision to do so and I put it off for way too long.  
If you only have a little, just use any local wallet.  A phone wallet is fine, like Mycelium or Breadwallet, just make sure you have a secure backup of your mnemonic.  
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:16:50
We are *always* going to be hitting the ceiling in regards to blocksize.  The problem is that the larger the blocks, the fewer, and more easily controlled the network of nodes becomes.  There is no way, shape, or form of Bitcoin that could allow even a mildly significant volume of transactions on-chain to scale for mainstream adoption.  
Many people mistake the problem as one where Bitcoin needs to serve all customers as a payment network, and that not only is infeasible, but impossible without aggregation.  Just to get to VISA (which in my mind is like using fax message volume as a barometer for measuring future email use) we need *every* block to be *at absolute minimum* 300MB.  Meaning we are **adding** 16 TB every year to the blockchain.  And remember thats *only to serve VISA card purchases.*  We are already leaving out atomic swaps, decentralized stock markets, decentralized storage networks, decentralized marketplaces, notary services, legal contracts, any and all smart contracts, computatioal micropayments, the need to also accommodate Mastercard, Discover, Swift, and on and on.  There are *so many* different uses that trying to even reach the legacy use cases for the ancient credit and banking system is so far out of the reach for on-chain that its almost laughable.
The concept is that with a decentralized and independent blockchain, Bitcoin is a near **perfect arbiter** but a *very poor payment network.*  So instead of just scaling on-chain like a bunch of fools trying to cram a 48-cylinder engine into our Honda, we can build networks and layers that are tied together and secured through smart contracts and privacy enhancing aggregation that don't compromise the underlying technology, only add a tiny fraction of the burden onto node operators, and scale *exponentially* instead of linearly... all while managing to avoid a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-10-13 03:32:02
wow, that's rough.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:20:20
I disagree, I think we will see a bounce from around 5300 or so and then continued downward trend due to uncertainty about the fork (pending any crazy significant announcements related to it).  I think we will see the 4000s again (likely around 4500-4700 but we could retrace into the 3000s for a candle or two if this corrects fully).  After a harsh correction it won't be long before this whole thing turns into another bull run and my price target is around 10k for the next peak... but that's just my opinion.
edit: I am inclined to think we wont trace all the way below 4000, historically as these bull runs occur, they seem to set steeper and steeper upward trends as we reach the peak of the bubble.  That's why my target for a bottom is in the high 4000s as a 20-25% correction.
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:44:42
True.  Fee pressure is a real thing, I just don't think its as detrimental as many think it is, and I disagree with the method that the change was implemented.  A bunch of major industry players got together and are literally angry that some people aren't agreeing with their decision, and suggesting that their decision has confirmed that bitcoin is going to change.  I'll believe it when the nodes update their clients.
I put a lot of weight on the proposal - discussion - code - peer review - extensive testing - then slow and steady deployment process.  Anything outside of that is immediately red flag for me.
@_date: 2017-10-05 22:35:16
1) A lot of us did sell our BCH, that's why the price is mid 300s.  We can't sell our B2X yet and thanks to no replay protection, we risk burning our BTC if we try to.
2) Who called anyone names in this post?  You were the only person who jumped in and angrily told everyone to "shut up."  I don't see anyone else acting like a fool or calling names.
@_date: 2017-10-05 04:11:03
Seriously? I'm NO2X but not with this guy ^
@_date: 2017-10-25 05:12:21
I would, just to see, but also because it will likely have fewer issues during the fork. Might not make much difference but worth the upgrade imo.
I didn’t think it would make any difference as far as resource costs would go but it definitely correlated with my Netflix and Plex viewing (my computer literally runs all of our media as well as my node) improving.  I can’t be certain that it was the cause of the improvement, because I thought my bandwidth was causing the problems and couldn’t see how that would have changed.  Now I wonder if it was just a resource allocation inefficiency (whether processing or RAM) related to my node.
Edit: initial sync is way faster though.  I didn’t mention it as you already have a node running.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:42:33
Correct, this is just about the usage of the word. Just FYI so you understand the difference in the future:
I was using exploit as a *verb.* (i.e. “exploited”)


It is also a *noun*. Which is how you were using it.


We are both correct, just using different words.
@_date: 2017-10-05 18:33:44
It protects the *rules* that you accept for your money (i.e. consensus rules).  There has never been, and by definition cannot be, any tool that protects a market *price* from market fluctuations.  
The price over the long term, will always find equilibrium with the rules that hodlers value most.  
@_date: 2017-10-26 23:14:35
it isn't about "optimal."  It is about what is breaking and keeping consensus and how those changes are decided.  There is very little problem caused by 2MB specifically (which is why SegWit was altered to allow for 2MB blocks), but that is irrelevant.  What is relevant is whether or not a change occurs when the change isn't widely accepted.
If the 10 largest businesses and miners can come together and decide a change, then force that change on the network despite *enormous* contention and opposition.  Then Bitcoin has failed.  It immediately paints a massive target with a banner that tells governments and/or banks to "put pressure on these 10 guys and everyone else in Bitcoin won't be a problem."
In addition, raising the blocksize does absolutely nothing to solve the scaling problem.  The scale needed for this to be a widely used *cash like* currency is astronomical.  The idea that we can just raise the blocksize whenever fees start increasing is extraordinarily reckless and counterproductive.  First, it means a cheap spam attack is all thats needed to politically pressure for a consensus change.  Second, it means without an immediate solution people will kick the can by wanting to continuously raise blocksize out of sheer reactionary fear.  And Third, every single fork will massively weaken the network by knocking thousands of nodes out of consensus.
After doing all of this we will constantly spend our time trying to *rebuild the foundation of the network* while the big blockers are already calling for the *next* blocksize increase.  And even better, this will never end, we will *always* need bigger blocks, we will still have high fees, the foundation of the network will get smaller and smaller, the distribution more centralized, the flexibility will fall substatnially, hardly any new nodes will spin up (initial sync will be measured in weeks or months), and **we will still need layered scaling solutions and sidechains to get low fees and instant confirmations.**
A blocksize increase doesn't even begin to solve the scaling problem while it simultaneously puts at risk the most critical value proposition of Bitcoin in the first place, independence from political manipulation, and resistance to censorship and arbitrary changes in monetary policy.
Bitcoin should be a stone mountain of monetary policy that is indestructible.  It will be worth trillions entirely regardless of the fees if that trust can be sustained.  2X is in direct opposition to that security.
@_date: 2017-10-12 04:54:58
Dont worry, it isn't all of them.  I'm subscribed to that sub, but certainly not to support the r/BTC narrative.  I just like to keep an ear out for any reasonable opposing arguments... unfortunately there's a ton of nonsense to filter through.
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:54:03
So true! They really did their part and it’s important to thank everyone involved.
@_date: 2017-10-06 22:20:24
I am absolutely running a 0.15 node and staking my bets on Bitcoin... but these personal attack memes are really obnoxious and self-righteous.
It makes me chuckle on rare occasion, but most of the time I'm cringing and wish we wouldn't act so childish about all this.  There's no way obviously to stop people being people, but please, try holding yourself to a higher standard and don't be demeaning just because it makes you feel good about yourself.
@_date: 2017-10-13 03:05:22
Absolutely agree.  The keyword in the quote is "If."  I think the answer is that they won't succeed.  That's why I run my node. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 22:48:11
Thanks for the clarification Bitfinex!! It's absolutely critical to be as open and clear about how these changes will be handled with the community.  Too many people have no idea what is happening and will get furiously burned if exchanges and services are not clear.  
Lying to the customers (or simply picking which you *think* will succeed) and finding out later that you were wrong could very easily poison the name of Bitcoin worse than MtGox and put us in another 3 year recovery.  Not to mention you may very well lose an extraordinary amount of trust and risk driving your business/exchange into the dirt.
@_date: 2017-10-07 18:29:43
Of course not.  That is stealing, I'm not talking about hypotheticals that haven't happened.  I'm referring to their decision regarding listing altcoins whether they fork from Bitcoin or not.  
I've not said anything about if they or anyone else *stole* coins and that wouldn't have anything to do with the Bitlicense or some other regulatory agreement, that would have to do with the fact that theft is wrong and always has been.  Fining or suing them for *listing* B2X would be exactly that, theft.
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:10:09
That's exactly what I was meaning.  Running to the Bitlicense to suggest Coinbase has "broken the rules" when they have every right to list both coins "is dumb."  
Sorry, I was agreeing, I just didn't do it very clearly.
@_date: 2017-09-14 15:35:33


I'm arguing against the philosophy that is the foundation for your position, whether you are aware of that philosophy or not, it's definitely there and is the only argument that matters.  You are personifying law and equating a group of diverse people.  You cannot claim a policy or law "wants" a certain outcome.  The outcome is always dependent on the interpreter at the time it is enforced.  
The second thing I was addressing is that people in government, regardless of what the law was intended for, will use it to make their own position better.  Whether that is to gain more influence, a more permanent position and income, or the feeling that they are important and people have to listen to them.  
To use this principle to address your claim of "ensuring financial stability," I'll ask, what is the definition of financial stability?  So they interpret that as meaning stability for the currency that *they* hold and banning of the currencies that their citizens are purchasing?  Is that not bias and self-interest?  The interpreters of the policy are not worried about protecting the people's interest in cryptocurrency, or desire to invest in an alternative hedge.  
The interpreters of government power almost invariably use it to protect the status quo, because the status quo is where they have built their lives and what has given them their position and influence.  That is self-interest.  
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:15:03
Ignoring this arbitrary debate might :)
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:38:37
"Dumb" doesn't factor into the decision.  It's merely a measurement of the rules you decide to enforce and which you are willing to compromise for the sake of expedience.  We differ on those principles obviously.  If 2X splits the network again you call me or anyone stupid all you want, and 2X may even have the economic majority.  That's fine too, but I will hodl the network with strict, unwavering decentralization and consensus rules and whichever has the longest term approach to ensuring an indestructible and resilient network.  
I'm not worried about what happens in the next two years.  I'm worried what happens with a network that can is subject to decisions by a handful of large corporations making "official" decisions.  If it seems that the network must follow their proposed change for the lack of technical means of opposition, then I don't want to be a part of that network.  That's a network that a government scoffs at, I want one that makes government authority fear irrelevance.
In addition, my money will always follow good developers.  That is the only metric that truly separates the men from the boys in the crypto space.  
Marketing and participation are great in the short term.  But this game is about survival while disrupting the most significant institutional power in human history (the monopoly control of money).  I am not so naive to think such a fight means we just need a bunch of big businesses on our side to succeed.  The nature of distribution in these networks is the factor that makes all the difference, and big business doesn't decide what nodes do.
I am not on the fence in my conviction about this.  Nodes matter, or the currency doesn't matter. That is the long bet I am taking.  A 2MB HF is irrelevant in the problem of scaling, pointless and reckless from a technical perspective, and its sole value is a tiny *political* value.  I just don't care what they say, I'm running Core. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:07:23
That's fine, I don't mean any ill will.  I'm also not FUDing, the developers are amateur and do practically no coding anyway. That's why so few people are actually running the client even considering the supposed support for it.  I honestly think a lot of people are waiting to see what happens.
I'm not worried if you find it "cringy" or not.  I see nothing valuable in following a politically decided client, the sustainability of whatever code
that is run will be in the competence of the developers.  I think this whole mess will only prove how ignorant and foolish political decisions are and that the end game is won by the superior technical solution.  This isn't a government or a foundation, this the Bitcoin network.  Too many people think they can treat this like a congress or business cooperative, it just isn't. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:24:20
Except that if we all ran btc1 or bitcoin unlimited nodes, they wouldn’t have any power whatsoever.  And if we all forked with replay protection, we would have the greater economic backing.  The Core Devs have zero real control over what the network does.
On the flip side, However, we *are* all running 100k core nodes, and the miners think they can *attack* our network, *trick* our nodes, burn our BTC for their B2X, and force us to use their network which they absurdly believe they have the right to dictate the rules of, despite an enormous majority in opposition and *deliberately running* a different client.
You need to get this through your head. **valuing someone’s opinion over another’s is not centralized control.** I’m *constantly* bombarded with people telling me the Core Devs are “evil,” “stupid,” “attacking bitcoin” and an ocean of other wildly ridiculous claims with the most inane or semi-maybe-related “evidence” that basically amount to biased and over zealous subreddit moderation (gasp).  Yet no one has spent **even six seconds** trying to explain why I should trust the whole protocol to Garzik by himself and not worry about having *zero* other developers.
You could make the same claim that Neil Degrasse Tyson had a “monopoly on science” because r/BTC gave some argument about how he doesn’t understand stars... and then no one believed them and still retweeted what Neil says.  That is literally what happened here and the claim that Core Devs have Control is as dumb as claiming Neil Degrass “controls science” because people won’t stop agreeing with him.
People don’t buy their “Core is evil” bullshit, because the arguments for it are weak at best.  That doesn’t make Core “central control,” it makes the anti-Core bashing *weak and unconvincing.* 
I’m sorry that the vast majority of people don’t believe you.  But Core has zero control over bitcoin or even development if the majority of capitalized nodes decide not to follow them.  It is *only* the miners who think they don’t need our consensus and that the network “belongs to them.”  Im confused that such an action surprises you that it makes everyone angry and tell them to piss off.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:34:47
That’s actually not true, everything the UASF code did was enacted.  The UASF software was never, and hasn’t been incompatible to this day, specifically because it did work, not because it failed.  Run a UASF client today and you will notice, it doesn’t fork the network and runs just fine, because everybody accepts SegWit blocks now.
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:29:19
Legacy chain users have to bloat their outputs with an additional custom address (all software and wallets will need upgrades for this to be automated or done simply).  Users will have to send their transaction with standard output address, change address, and a small amount to address 3Bit1....
This will signal to the 2X chain that the transaction is invalid.  In my mind, this is just a middle finger that they think legacy chain users should pay a fee (albeit any amount it seems), update all the wallet software, and bloat their chain to get replay protection.  
If you don't run a node, now is the time to start one :)
@_date: 2017-10-25 15:35:23
Why? Counter productive.  Makes us look childish.  Doesn’t do anything for 2x.  And outright denies them the right to compete freely. 
I don’t think doing that would have much effect either way outside of making another fork of a fork,
But it sounds a lot like a pointless attack.
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:02:49
Practically all online polls are easy to game or have some sort of selection bias based on the type of media, forum or platform.  That doesn't make them useless, it just gives them a large margin for error.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:06:26
Also note that these are only the public nodes, anyone who spins up a node purely for personal security or defensive  purposes without port forwarding doesn't show up on this graph.  That number is currently hovering between 95k and 100k nodes.  Both are growing in number.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:29:39
Not everyone keeps their own keys either.  But the more people who do, the more secure the bitcoin ecosystem is.  Same applies to running a node.  It doesn't have to be everyone, just everyone who is very security conscious, understands the significance, and can spend the resources to maintain it.
You are making a rather large assumption from something not actually in the comment.  The exact line is "many learned" and you have replaced it in your mind with "everyone absolutely must."
@_date: 2017-10-02 03:49:11
Then they should use Bcash as it is literally the perfect coin from their value concept.  Why, if they didn't like SegWit, would they fork *with* SegWit code... hence, SegWit2X.
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:32:18
So, are you saying that this poll, requesting the opinions of this subreddit, has absolutely no correlation to the actual  dominant opinion here?  That the reality of opinions could just as easily be 1% against SegWit2X and 99% for?  That this poll is 100% useless and we can't even suggest that this sub is mostly against the HF because it's possible some of the votes are fake?
@_date: 2017-10-06 03:53:32
Good. Stand by it if you really think it will work.  I'd ask you to support replay protection to prevent risking funds of those who aren't aware of the coming fork.  
I have nothing against you running a node under different rule conditions and blockchain parameters, I ask that you return the favor and not support an attack against mine.
@_date: 2017-10-08 17:45:23
But it can Tumblebit.
@_date: 2017-10-16 02:46:18
This is mostly in jest.  But it does show that their problem has nothing to do with a technical limitation.  They aren't even concerned with their supposed "solution" as far as it keeps them from having control of the Bitcoin brand.  Without the Bitcoin name and image, they could care less about larger blocks. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:41:16


There is absolutely nothing “aggressive” about my comment and I was one of the first to congratulate r/BTC when the fork happened.  I loved when I *thought* they had their own coin and could go their separate way. 
That being said, If somebody spends months and months screaming that they are “the one true bitcoin” and then screw up a multi-billion dollar cryptocurrency with crap planning and poorly thought out alterations, their mistake is *severely* public, will make them look like fools, and **they or anybody else will absolutely get called out on it.**. 
BCash only changed 2 things. The difficulty rules, and the blocksize rules.  And now they are talking about changing *both*... **again**... in order to fix the problems they created.   That is pretty damn embarrassing if you ask me and *deserves* a response. 
If my comment is too much for you, then “the r/bitcoin community” isn’t your problem, you should probably stay away from all of the internet. This is open source, open participation, and open discussion.  There are no safe spaces in crypto. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 22:44:08
While I can get behind setting up a node during controversial times for the sake of defense.  I would rather see it done in a more permanent manner. 
Many Core devs have worked their asses off to make running a node easy on bandwidth and computation.  (I can now run one on my connection while still watching Netflix on at least 2 devices) There are also a plethora of examples to make it obvious how important running a node really is.  
So yes, do this if you have no other option.  But please do it *after* you download and setup a node on your own computer and try to keep it running indefinitely. Monetary sovereignty is worth the cost. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:23:13
That's the biggest issue right there.  The consistent bandwidth requirements make Netflix function poorly.  Which results in the vast majority of new nodes never being spun up, or being cut off periodically/indefinitely to restore normal internet reliability.  
I actually used to cut my node off to watch Netflix at night and then cut it back on before going to sleep, however with 0.15 it doesn't seem to be a problem anymore.  Im not sure what changed because I didn't think bandwidth needs were specifically improved, but the reduced drain on my network has definitely correlated with the recent update whether or not that's the actual cause.
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:07:32
This is both a well written argument and a very considerate one.  They are hard to come by in this debate.


Absolutely, without question.


@_date: 2017-10-27 01:23:32
“The only reason its contentious is because you guys won’t agree with me.”  
Isn’t that funny how that works.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:07:38
And the security of that network will ultimately be determined by how independent it is of change by any small group of actors.  If those who own the currency cannot feel as if they are in control of the rules that govern it, many will eventually leave it.  
If they actually don't have any power, or if they merely accept what benefits the larger businesses in the short run, then the currency will eventually be no different than one run by a collection of private banks.   
You forgot a really important number on your list.
**5)** experienced, dedicated, and extremely thorough development team
Many of the traders, miners, businesses and users (large investors most of all) will not so easily risk all of their capital on developers who barely do anything.  Pull me together a competent team that busts out code like a machine, and I might even be willing to reconsider.  
Right now, btc1 appears to have  and  (though some parts of those are questionable).    and  are either looking very weak, or are yet to be determined.
*edit: And I will run whatever node I like and that's what I love about Bitcoin.  We can argue all day but all i have to do is run my client and everybody else can run theirs :)*
@_date: 2017-10-07 22:52:05
Sorry to break it to you but if that was how it worked this would already be over. But it isn't, even remotely, full nodes are validators and distributors.
@_date: 2017-10-15 05:37:53
While many have made it clear that fees will fund the miners, I just wanted to add that there will *always* be a new coin payout.  Technically we can never mine all of the coins.  The amount newly mined simply continues to halve to an infinitely smaller number.
You may already know that, but just in case. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:05:37
Exactly the opposite actually.  If we aggregate transactions it means node resource costs don't go up at all for foundational nodes.  This has been the philosophy of the Core devs for quite some time.  Costs, validation times, syncing times, and nearly every other metric has dropped significantly with each new version of the core client so far.  The idea is to make a network that is extremely agile, can migrate quickly and without hiccup, and can be run entirely over Tor in countries with hostile governments.
Scaling on-chain is linear (layers provide exponential scaling), requires extremely difficult to coordinate forks (evidenced by this whole fiasco), and doesn't do anything to improve the speed or reliability of normal transactions.  
On he other hand layers can scale us to 100x or even 1000x without decreasing the underlying node count that keeps the currency itself indestructible and immune from central influence or manipulation.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:05:03
Not in volume of payments, but bitcoin has surpassed them pretty substantially in volume of capital being moved.
Transaction volume for bitcoin transfers are currently around $1B per day.  Volume for American Express is around ~~$7B~~ for the entirety of 2015.  *(edit: looks like maybe that number is actually $266B which would be much closer to Bitcoin's current volume, but I'm having a hard time finding a full aggregate number rather than specific merchant/consumer breakdowns)*
Bitcoin is very different from Amex and is used for a ton of things rather than just one.  You can send a $100 M transaction with ease on the bitcoin network, thats impossible with an Amex credit card.


I agree, but don't agree that it isn't a comparison of an individual use case.  For instance, if a company that does notary services by fee has a certain valuation in stock, then it would make since that Bitcoin, used only as a notary service, could reach the same market cap as the company by measure of that single use case. (in a sense, the stock is a token, and the business is the network access+infrastructure, so in Bitcoin, bitcoins are *both* the stock and the network access in one)
In that way we can compare to VISA or other credit card companies in regarding how much value potential there is as a payment mechanism.  
The disparity comes when we realize we are comparing the hundreds of use cases of Bitcoin (as well as future potential) in aggregate against a company that does *only one thing.* 
@_date: 2017-10-06 01:54:22
Maybe its more prevalent in the libertarian subs.  I've seen it many times, but it is very easy to miss stuff on Reddit, even if its been posted 100 times already.
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:41:37
Better to attach to an identity or specific user.  The hashing thing I think is decent but only really helpful if you have tens of thousands of votes.  If you've got 1000 participants, faking 100 isn't much of a task despite heavily influencing the outcome.  If you have 100,000 participants however, spamming it will be incredibly difficult.
@_date: 2017-10-26 23:51:02
If you think this isn’t contentious you are blind.
@_date: 2017-10-15 13:57:38
Compare the price increases of those items purchased almost entirely with credit (I.e. Houses, medical, cars, schooling, and so on) with items usually purchased with actual saved funds if you think this trend isn't actually accurate.  The 99% cheaper maybe not so much.  But inflation in credit heavy markets (because the fractional reserve system issues new money *as* credit) is absolutely an order of magnitude worse than in non-credit heavy markets.
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:51:53
I've been watching it so often I swear I can see Bollinger bands and moving average lines.  I'm not sure it works like that but it certainly looks bullish either way.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:08:41
Troll: “hey everybody I’m selling MAGIC HEALING WATER!! It’s the best and DOCTORS HATE IT!”
Fool: “Hmm you are right, doctors *would* hate magic healing water.”
Me: “dude, this guy is peddling bullshit to make you look stupid.”
Fool: “OMG you must be one of the doctors, this shit is REAL!”
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:19:58
Because the EDA (new difficulty scheme) is a broke disaster, they rushed it to code as a "backup" with out realizing what a *huge* change to the game theory it was and how obviously it would be exploited.  What's hilarious (sad really) is they are trying to force another HF in just 2 weeks and [still arguing about how to fix it](  The people that have screamed for years about how stupid core is now are finally learning they should listen when 100+ core devs have concerns with their approach and warn again and again [how hard consensus is.](
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:45:33
He believes (as many of us do) that the scarce and incredibly difficult to reliably secure mainchain bitcoin transaction is worth the fee.  Using Bitcoin as an arbiter and ultimate immutable judge in smart contracts allows for the possibility of a decentralized, lightweight payment network that has extremely low or near zero fees.  Leaving it possible to have both incredible resistance to censorship or control as a money, **and** instant transactions with low fees on a payment layer. 
Endlessly bigger blocks only works to trade away the strength of the network’s ability to resist control and censorship in exchange for *temporary* low fees that will find themselves back in the same situation in short order.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:22:42
Seriously thank you for someone else having a level head.  I couldn’t believe how many post agreed that this assessment of a “liked tweet” meant ulterior motives, insider trading, causing forks for personal gain, and on.
@_date: 2017-10-26 03:05:31
I’ve just read my comments and am missing this somehow.  When did I apologize and what for?
@_date: 2017-10-27 06:14:56
Capitalized nodes are what matter.  A capitalized node is one that a user, business, or service runs in order to secure and/or use their node as security for holding or guaranteeing value held in Bitcoins.  
A Sybil attack would represent an increase of nodes without the subsequent increase in capitalization.  It’s easy to spin up nodes but it still only represents one person’s (or small groups) bitcoin capitalization.  
Capitalized nodes are exactly what builds and supports the network. When value is held in coins *not* secured by a full node, or trusting in someone else’s node, then that coin is only as secure as they are able to secure/guarantee the authenticity of the node.  So if 50 people are using one node, that is essentially a single capitalized node, and those 50 people give only a single, and likely poorly secured (as many likely can’t guarantee legitimacy) capitalized node.  As in the case of Coinbase, we have 11 million users on essentially a single capitalized node, as it is all under a single point of decision and control.  Clearly that node can’t be considered secure or guaranteed, as those customers may not be able to trust which chain the Coinbase node chooses to capitalize.
TL;DR. Your thinking appears to be that nodes don’t matter *because* of sybil attacks.  This is a misunderstanding of the concept.  It’s that *sybil attack nodes* don’t matter.  Capitalized nodes (backed by individual choice and bitcoin holdings) however, are the foundation of the network security, the market price, and the system’s consensus rules.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:09:42
But Coinmall isn't decentralized at all correct?  It's just a marketplace online, which is fine and I would encourage to support CoinMall if it turns out to be trustworthy and of solid/reliable design.  But that's mostly because I like crypto (though I don't like frivolously spending my preciousssss).
Having an ICO or coin that's "decentralized" to represent a business/website doesn't protect or add anything to the marketplace if the actual site/servers are still just centralized.  Its just a way to issue an independent "stock" of sorts that is outside the normal exclusionary barriers and financial regulatory entanglement.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:06:52
Doesn't work like that.  If your transaction gets broadcast to *any* node that doesn't distinguish between the two chains (which would be tons of them) then it is going to burn the coins on the other chain.  It's an incredibly difficult problem to fix and essentially requires a hardfork.  So they are saying Core has to hardfork to fix the huge coding vulnerability that they will purposefully implement in their "doesn't even exist yet" client and network.
Edit: not to mention it was revealed recently that they are disguising btc1 nodes as normal core nodes currently, which is extra work specifically to ensure users cannot take this precaution to secure their coins.  
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:32:27
Honestly, if I thought it was the answer to our problems, I would probably do the same.  Probably not at all to the degree because I would support having both coins exist simultaneously, but I don't blame him for not seeing it the way I do.
I think the goal is not to get him to change his mind regarding the hard fork, but with respecting the right to continue with the current chain.  He can have his 2X, but he sure as shit better support my right to have the current Bitcoin chain (luckily it isn't up to him, its based on my --and everyone else's-- full node).  But I will still try to be respectful even though he can be a belligerent ass at times and fails to understand where we are coming from.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:34:06
Well said :)
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:28:24
Agreed. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:48:07
Somebody pooped in your corn flakes didn't they?
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:05:30
95%... or like 12 people.  Miners are in the vast minority of network validators.  Hash rate doesn't decide the rules.  Users decide the rules by which node they either run, or which network they connect to.
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:23:23
If somehow the 2MB (1+SegWit) chain actually dies, then I will certainly follow the 2X chain, but I will think very very differently about the long term security of the currency and will be looking for alternatives to move my money into.  
If on the other hand we end up with two chains (which is far more likely) I will hodl the 1X+SegWit chain indefinitely and see how things go with 2X to find an exit point. 
If it is clear that 2X is the dominant chain.  I will hold my 1MB+SegWit chain indefinitely and reassess the development focus, and long term prospects of 2X.  
Either way I think the smallest and most secure blockchain with the most adaptive and offloading means of scaling will succeed in the long term.  It would not surprise me if Bitcoin wasn't the top Player for a span of time either.  But if it remains the only one holding strong to those principles, then I'm not worried.  It's why I believed in bitcoin when every person I talked to thought I was an idiot, and it's the same today.  A cryptocurrency that doesn't keep that goal in mind is one that is going to have problems in the future.  That's what I think.  
We can talk again in December ;)
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:09:29
War with North Korea... war with Russia... hmm?
I wouldn't say we really saved ourselves from much, we just got an orange problem instead of a blonde problem.  Either way we ended up with more problems.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:38:54
I'm sure there is an easy way to find out, I just haven't looked into it.
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:52:32
This statistic is not "debunked," it is basic math using VISA's average volume.  I didn't grab it from an article, I used a calculator.


That would be great!  So... when we figure that out and are able to heavily prune the blockchain without risking its security, we know it's safe to increase the resource costs of running a node proportionally. Until then, only a fool would increase costs every time we have a full block by pushing it aside with "we will probably fix this issue later." 
As Bitcoin is currently designed, and how it has always worked, is that the blockchain gets bigger every time we add a block.  This isn't a "maybe" or a "could be" consequence of new blocks, it's a hard coded reality.  Find out how to do it otherwise and let us know when you do.  
Edit: how many volunteers do you think will be willing to store the entire blockchain, adding 7TB a year and consuming probably 2-3X that amount of bandwidth, that would make running a node quick, reliable, widely distributed, and easy to setup?  When was the last time you downloaded and cryptographically verified say... 21TB of data?  You dismiss 7TB as if that makes *my* stance look foolish. When in reality I think it makes your position even more uninformed if you think 7TB a year is a reason to "go ahead and do it."
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:01:02


*Or,* you can choose to see and understand value in something that everyone else scoffs at, dismisses, and throws away like trash.  Then you stand to profit when it grows out of its short term problems and all the ignorant masses come back wanting a piece of it... like greedy capitalists.
You can frame that however your bias pleases.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:50:05
Yeah, OB isn't a company and he supports 2X because he actually thinks it is the way to scale bitcoin, not because he is evil or anything.  OB is open source so it cant really "fail" as long as it remains a useful value case.  Which I think it very much does.  
In addition, Open Bazaar's value proposition is based on *needing* a decentralized **payment system** which Bitcoin (really blockchain) isn't currently very well suited for (high fees and slow confirmations) in a highly scalable endeavor.  It follows that he would want low fees on chain asap, OB has a far better value case when fees are low.
The software can be easily forked to setup another one for whatever reason.  These guys are doing good work and I don't think they deserve to be shit on just because they support 2X.  If you want to call them out for not supporting replay protection and desiring an attack or refusal for the current BTC chain not to exist alongside, then he absolutely deserves to be called out on that.  But this is open source, we were always eventually going to have seriously divergent opinions and plans about the means to scale or update this system.  It doesn't make anyone evil.
*disclaimer: very much against 2X, think high fees on mainchain are inevitable due to scaling limitations regardless of blocksize, i think openbazaar will benefit long term far more from censorship resistant money than big blocks.*
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:14:54
I tried to help dude, but I don’t care anymore.
@_date: 2017-10-08 17:44:36
Yes, but there is no blockchain history with those amounts to check by, therefore the amount is largely useless as a data point for connecting identities to specific addresses.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:25:41
This guy is crazy trolling and this is about the completely worthless pressing of the “like” button on a random tweet that went through his feed.  
This whole post is ridiculous and OP is just throwing shit and is probably a 2X supporter from how moronic his/her comments are.  (Edit: just to clarify, I’m not equating general 2X supporters with being morons here, I mean that this post is clearly trying to create shockingly stupid “evidence” to make everyone here look foolish)
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:38:59
Don't stop reading.  I understand your annoyance, as I cringed at the same spot, but there are literally millions of smart people sucked into that stupid economic falllacy.  Doesn't mean there aren't excellent points elsewhere in the article.
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:46:05
Completely agree, but Coinbase has clarified that they aren't doing that.  If they did, then you are right, that is certainly fraud.
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:32:34
Just discovered this, lol
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:20:31
They do however, represent an access to the network's use cases and future potential.  They are like a company's software API, business model, and stock wrapped into a single unit.  Like a share of an entire network (access to the product, account creation, stock value, and infrastructure) as a bundled token and system.
So "shares" of Bitcoin do represent a stake in the network, a sort of pre-sale to its potential or real use.
I only add because I think market capitalization can be decent comparisons against company stock despite many people's intense opposition to the idea.  It is very hard for most to understand why Bitcoin has value and incomplete analogies do still shed light on it.  
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:57:02
Here, I would actually disagree.  Take a second to think of it like this:
• *Trading* is gambling. Always.  It has skill to it, and you can do it for a living, but it is gambling.
• Investing in a startup with incredible promise is *very risky* but also a smart investment decision if you are careful with the amount.  
• Investing in an open protocol that can potentially create the same disintermediation of finance that the internet has done for communication and media.... is stupid and risky *not* to have a little skin in the game.   
Advising that Bitcoin is completely unpredictable and a gamble fails to take notice that Bitcoin's success would risk challenging all other financial instruments.  i.e. while the internet is blowing up and you have all your money in major media incumbents and journalism, you **better** put some of that into "the internet" as its success results in destroying the markets of your incumbents.
That goes the same for Bitcoin, it threatens the entire disintermediation of the current financial system and also broadcasts with a bullhorn the massive global imbalance the financial system has burdened us with.  If you *don't* have at least a *little* money in cryptocurrencies... you are definitely *gambling.*
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:18:55
Excellent post!  When I have time I'll definitely look through the data and information you linked to.  
@_date: 2017-10-10 04:19:50
I don't think they know how to definition.
@_date: 2017-10-05 03:55:18


FTFY, lol
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:12:52


Right now many large miners use direct channels and rely only on block header communication as a means of accepting a valid block.  Because of *1MB* of data, miners compromise validation (in albeit a seemingly minor way) in favor of expediency and begin mining the next block *before validating the previous one.* 
This already puts large miners at an advantage if they can communicate internally.  Maybe it is only a 1% cost advantage, maybe its 5%, but every single time we raise the resource costs, the gap is worsened.  Wal-Mart may only have a few percent advantage in their economy of scale production and distribution efficiency, but that small advantage puts *tens of thousands* of competitors out of business. 


Or maybe they don’t want to change the network rules. I am aware you didn’t argue that point specifically (that loss of nodes is more secure), but you completely ignoring that this is a result of the change being made.  Then go on to even get accusatory at node operators as if their “not-upgrading” is the *cause* of the security loss, and **not** the act of deliberately splitting away from them. 


If t was a single and straight forward 2MB proposal that had remained perfectly consistent, seen extensive testing and consideration of its effects, had a live test net for 2 years with constant DDOS for measurement, and had seen broad community and business support, then no.  But what we have had is an extended political campaign selling code that doesn’t exist, a new and untested or developed proposal every month, direct opposition to the open source dev process, and blanket dismissiveness toward the *entire current development teams* concerns and opposition.  
NYA was decided *before any code existed.* Btc1 didn’t have a client until very recently and has barely been “agreed” for a few months.  It didn’t go through *any* open discussion or decision making process, it resulted in the NYA backers accusing normal users like myself for not immediately following “the industry leaders,” and was rushed from plan to code in something like two weeks flat with zero testing or peer review and has essentially **one** developer.
That in my consideration is the *vey definition* of reactionary.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:42:08
I think that was the case regarding bitcoin gold, but i don't suspect it will have the same affect with B2X.  No one is worried about the outcome of bitcoingold, with or without replay, probably no one will notice.  B2X on the other hand will throw massive confusion into the market if it goes as planned, and *if* you can sell one coin without accidentally burning the other, you could likely still end up with 2 separate bitcoin forks of a combined value less than pre-fork Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:46:05
To be fair, a lot of this sub behaves the similarly at times.  But they have run out of arguments it seems.  Many have been falling back on the "you agreed, we all agreed, and now there is consensus," argument which just baffles me.
This obviously couldn't be anymore contentious, and no one agreed to anything except all the players *still holding to the NYA.* Many seem to be super butt hurt that we didn't just listen and install the client they decided we were going to run.  They are realizing that because we didn't follow, their agreement doesn't mean crap.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:52:27
Wouldn’t your post be hyperbole and lies if he didn’t say anything at all about 2MB needing a $20k node and was regarding the consequences of a way of thinking?  Because in reality, you added those words to his argument, no one said a thing about the costs of a 2MB blocksize.  Way to dodge the principle of the post.
What if it’s a 10MB to 20MB increase?  Or a 100MB to 200MB increase?  These are all “changing just a number and it only doubles the blocksize.” If it became the norm, and the only agreement needed was a handful of the biggest companies, the numbers discussed for blocksize would get as quickly out of hand as the price.  Everyone thinks 20 is crazy today, and then 6 months later people are talking dismissively about 300.  
@_date: 2017-10-05 07:04:00
If judging the quality of one comment from one person on one subreddit makes you "figure out what side is the real deception," then you are doing it wrong.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:48:01
Don’t buy into this guys trolling.  I like stupid and random tweets *all the time.*. Look at the all caps and the wording, this whole thing is dripping with sarcasm.  
The post is worthless, the “liked tweet” is a joke at best and not worth talking about, and u/healingpainter is here to try to make this sub look like r/BTC.  Granted, sometimes they are like twins who are convinced the *other* one is stupid. 
Either way, this post is here only to troll and make r/bitcoin look dumb by upvoting nonsense and stirring up the naive.
Edit: guy has like 2 posts prior to this one and 5 comments over 3 months.  Then suddenly comes in brigading about EVIL Coinbase because he liked Selkis tweet.  
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:47:59
Rereading my comments and I've been too demeaning for no reason and I'm sorry for it.  That being said, the scenario you described, and what I've tried to explain, is that this doesn't lower the burden or necessity for fully validating and storing nodes.
You said you can download and prune in the same stroke.  Yes, of course that's possible, but who are you downloading them from?... someone who *is* running a full node. 
The reality of the scenario is that the burden on the full nodes is actually worsened rather than reduced.  Imagine we have 10,000 pruned nodes and only 50 full nodes because the blockchain is enormous.  Those 50 full nodes now need the bandwidth to propagate to *every* new node as well as every pruning node. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 07:35:00
Shortest boycott ever.  
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:43:44
Yes, I know how BitTorrent works, but Bitcoin has a very different type of security challenge than BitTorrent does.  BitTorrent is designed simply to ensure the information *can* be propagated.  It very often has problems with far too many leechers and few seeders specifically because the risks and costs often out way the benefits.  
Even considering that, we aren't just trying to ensure all the information is there.  Bitcoin is securing *capital* from third party risk and counterfeiting.  It does so by securing a set of rules that are only enforced through a distributed set of full nodes.  BitTorrent doesn't have a recorded history that needs to be 100% incontestable.  Bitcoin is a ledger of provable history and verifiable rules.  Security is directly related to how distributed the enforcement of those rules are, and how easy and quick a new participant can validate for themselves.  The only situation where Bitcoin is *actually trustless* is when you are running a full node.  
@_date: 2017-10-26 02:34:02
Yeah maybe.  Should I assume that though?  It crossed my mind but why should he care to even comment?
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:12:22
I had this problem with Multibit in the past, take a deep breath and don’t freak out. 
When you move your keys, make sure the wallet you import the seed phrase to has the same derivation system, otherwise it won’t work. I see you used Exodus in a previous comment and would advise against that one for key recovery.
Download an electrum wallet and import your seed words. Let it sync and see if it shows the balance. If I’m not mistaken that’s what I did that finally gave me the correct balance. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 23:47:54
Agreed, that's what I was trying to illustrate when I said the miners were in "the minority of validators." Should have made that clearer.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:20:50
In my mind that’s the same thing though.  I’m talking about the institution of religion and the idea that we should be subservient to a higher power.  
I guess if that’s the argument though then I can understand it, I just think of it differently.  If they want to “be the religion” then they are still embracing and using religion as a tool. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:25:00


Here is where you are simply not stepping back and looking at the real Bitcoin network and how it works.  This is clearly not the case as community and node support is critical in either splitting or maintaining a blockchain.  
The simple matter is that miners pay themselves tokens.  It is the community and ecosystem that makes them worth something.  There isn't a clearer example of hashpower following value as the BCH/BTC relationship.  Miners pay themselves the tokens of whatever chain they mine.  But that is completely irrespective of the tokens value.  Otherwise we could make a new coin into thin air, mine it indefinitely, and be rich forever.  But in the end it has to be used, the network has to be strong and trusted, and the community has to be broad.  Tokens are worthless in and of themselves.  95% hash makes one decent statistic of security out of many with poor security.
Nodes are paramount in the measurement of security, decentralization, and resilience of a blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:21:36
Coinbase is fine, just move them off and don't leave much on their platform unless you are specifically using it for your debit card (like myself).
Seriously I have used Coinbase forever and they are a good company.  Have done me solid for a very long time.  and their stance on B2X, *despite signing the NYA,* shows they are here to make their customer happy and feel secure.  That's all i need in my book.
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:16:48
Using *difficulty* as their measurement will be really interesting actually and could likely swing back and forth as this all plays out.  Imagine if 80% of hash power moves to 2X, then att adjustment they will have roughly a 20% difficulty decrease.  Whereas the bitcoin chain will have a very lengthy span of time producing blocks every hour specifically due to the continued *higher* difficulty.  Then when the difficulty finally adjusts (assuming bitcoin remains at a higher price than B2X), a lot of the hash power may jump back to bitcoin, seeing as if the price is anywhere comparable, the BTC chain will be much more profitable to mine until the following adjustment.  And that adjustment would make it likely the highest difficulty chain yet again, *even if* the market begins to favor B2X, which i don't think it will.
In other words, depending on their time frame, when/if Bitcoin loses 80% of its hash power, it remains the one with the higher difficulty, and when it finally drops, it will likely only be below the other chain for half a week or so. And then we could see a prolonged trend of hash power swings like we saw with Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2017-10-08 05:57:01
Bullshit, math is real!
 RemindMe! 6 months!
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:24:45
To the point and pretty thorough.  Well done
@_date: 2017-10-27 00:13:02
This subreddit represents my “world view?”
The number of assumptions you have made while entirely dismissing the problem of knocking out well over half of the network foundation as if it isn’t even a part of your contentious hard fork just shows how emotionally motivated your position is.  You aren’t even looking at the network or what is the real effect of the change.
Second, explain where else it isn’t contentious?  R/BTC?  Twitter?  Facebook? Which social media is the “real” one?  
How can you not even *admit* that people disagree with you?  That is a monumental level of blindness.  It would be the equivalent of Democrats literally saying “republicans don’t exist” to avoid having to mentally deal with them.   I have never claimed 2X supporters don’t exist, or that they are an insignificant portion of the community. 
As far as the 10 businesses point, the claim by nearly all hard forkers is that “hash power decides” and that is final.  It has been repeated over, and over, and over.  If that is the case then government has to put pressure on 6 miners to unequivocally alter bitcoin in such a way that no one *can or would* challenge them(based on your idea of bitcoin that is).  I only add the 4 top businesses in order to change the “brand label” alongside the miners and done.  I never said there were only 10 players in the NYA. I said by the typical big block logic **only the 10 largest players are needed.**
I hope you don’t get burned for a lot of money when the fork happens.  I really hope both chains just spot and can continue independently.  There is only one side working to oppose that option.  Where is your is the principle of competition?  Where in your argument is the right to choose?  Where is the freedom bitcoin supposedly brings to disagree with authority if you think disagreement deserves attack and encourages annihilation?
@_date: 2018-07-25 21:50:37
This is the beginning of seeing releases for multiple privacy projects I’ve been following for over a year and longer at this point.  So excited to see these things in action!! A shout out to the Stratis team for staying on this project just to push forward privacy for the whole ecosystem. 
Bitcoin privacy may soon no longer be the hope for a distant future, but a basic and unstoppable right. Happy days ahead! Will continue to watch this very closely XD
@_date: 2015-09-23 15:00:59
No single standard is going to be implemented.  Many will want to own theirs, many will want the same car to wait until they finish their errand or whatever.  Self-driving cars will in no way eliminate the need for parking and an automated parking fee marketplace is actually a really clever idea.  Imagine a car that could take into account changes prices on the market.  Imagine it can calculate that leaving the space and driving around the block until its owner returns would be more cost effective than waiting the last 15 minutes in the now more highly valued parking space.
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:51:34
I just have an even lower opinion our government if sharing what someone believes to be correct information could be considered a crime, regardless of how it affects the price.
You should stop hanging on the judgements of government as if they are the ultimate arbiter of morality and just ask yourself if you think him sharing the information was worthy of hurting him physically and taking his right to live freely away?  What if it had been a news report?  Maybe the news outlet shorted Bitcoin?  What about the government that issued the ban?  What about the retweeters who acted on the information before others?  At what possible *objective* point could you discern between merely propagating information and "criminal insider trading?"  Is it literally just how close to the original event they are?  How does knowing information make you a criminal?
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:32:01
I’m referring to simply the word “exploit” here without making any specific technical statements . In other words, I’m not claiming it’s an unintentional bug, or some weird flaw, the EDA was entirely intentional.  I’m meaning they failed to entertain the game theory and obvious consequences of their “upgrade” (as you noted) and therefore, the people who weren’t so short-sighted took advantage of (aka “exploited”) their bad economic code.
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:05:13


You mean... they want to hard fork to fix all the problems they just hard forked to get?...  can’t wait for BCash Bills and BCash Classic!
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:17:05
They aren't contentious when you and your buddies all agree with yourselves.  I swear I've been told a thousand time, like 20 CEOs in the Bitcoin space agree... isn't that all of us?  Isn't everything else just fake trolling?
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:07:00
Thanks for this, I actually only saw the screenshot and posted the image, didn't go hunting for the actual comment.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:36:54
A node backed by economic assurance is indeed a significant security characteristic of the network, but more importantly it is the best achievable monetary confidence for the one running the node.  A node ensures the operator that are not being defrauded by a forked chain or third party service that has attempted to alter the rules.  Running a node guarantees your bitcoin will not follow the 2X chain, whether your 2X coins are burned or not (replay protection) is up to the 2X developers.
Running your own node means you can be certain that your bitcoin are safe, that the rules securing your coins have not changed, and that you are communicating with only the Bitcoin network which you have actively accepted.  
If ~100,000 nodes talk and maintain value on one network, and ~300 talk on another, the first network is vastly more valuable than the latter.  The price and hashrate of those 2 networks, after reaching equilibrium, will correspond to the same truth.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:06:10
What magic metric do we have?  There are many measurements of support and consensus but every one of them is incomplete or have margins of error.  It seems so ridiculous how many people come charging in to call everyone stupid or FUDing by using the only numbers we have available to us.
I urge you to just tell us the answer then.  As I understand: node count is fake, twitter polls are fake, Reddit accounts are fake, the market price is fake, and general sentiment is all fake.  They all seem to support that 2X has *far* from majority acceptance. But luckily we know that's all fake, as the internet has been overtaken by Blockstream. /s
If you have magic numbers that tell a different story, then please share them.  
Edit: and don't answer with a "soon-to-be-hash rate" that isn't doing anything, is based on a "promise" that many have already backed out of, has not even installed the 2X software, and has nothing to do with user consensus.  If consensus isn't remotely measurable with any of these other numbers then you certainly can't claim that "hash rate promises" are a measure of anything.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:27:13


I disagree that they would have to be an authority of any kind.  You could just have anyone wanting to be a node, do so through the open bazaar platform and OB1 would never have to be involved unless they wanted to be.  And being a node isn't a position of "LN authority" anyway.  Its more like "staking" bitcoin for use on a payment layer.
That being said, you are absolutely right.  I think LN will be a massive boon for OpenBazaar and is by far the best way to have a sort of trustless means of "depositing coins" combined with essentially little or no fees.
@_date: 2017-10-05 22:39:19
It's been *whole days* since I have seen this meme.  I was beginning to get worried... like maybe it had been *deleted from the internet*!  XD
@_date: 2017-10-07 20:06:24
This is actually spot on, lmao.
@_date: 2015-09-23 13:18:34
So true, if we didn't have automobiles, then no one would ever die from automobiles.
@_date: 2017-10-27 01:19:27


Oh good, so get more users dependent and used to the way bitcoin works, set the precedent that a handful of miners get to arbitrarily decide the rules, and that any fees whatsoever are horrible.  I’m sure when the fees get there again *everyone will surely not want to blindly increase blocksize the next 30 times we have full blocks.* 
I’m sorry, but you have said twice that high fees make running a node useless... what are you equating that makes fees have anything to do with running a node?  Running a node is to secure the monetary rules, fees are entirely separate.


So you admit blocksize doesn’t solve the scaling problem, admit that layered scaling and payments systems will be necessary.  However, somehow focusing on exponential scaling using layers will never accommodate a global payment system?  But the pathetic linear scaling of an immediate, rushed, no-developer-client blocksize increase will somehow make this within reach?


I’d rather have bitcoin be available to the entire world while still decentralized.  Otherwise who cares how many users we get if it’s controllable by 6 mining companies?
We will have to see whether nodes or miners determine the full validation of the network.  I’ll keep running my “useless node” and you can invest your money in trusted miners.  I hope you don’t burn your bitcoin due to the lack of replay protection.  I would highly suggest caution in picking a winner before the smoke clears.  My node will be running the whole time, we will have to see what the other 98,000 do.
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:23:50
[facepalm] you are talking about pruning *after* a full download.  I'm talking about pruning and maintaining prune across every node on the network.  
In your explained scenario everyone still has to download the entire blockchain, which means *we still need full nodes to make the pruned nodes worth anything.* that's isn't a solution to bandwidth, storage, or security.  It's nothing more than a way to have "half" nodes that are easier for some users.  It does nothing at all to remove the necessity of full nodes for security and decentralization. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:18:00
Bigger blocks are not as practical as you might think.  I’ve read tons of articles (including the one you linked) about the limitations of the lightning network and current payment layer tech. The risk of high fee/backlog causing LN channels delays or difficulty in closing was actually first brought to light  by Adam Back.  They are developers not dogmatists. 


Your first point is totally opinion regarding a new technology.  You could have argued the same about the IP4 address cap limiting the number of devices on the internet and would have been wrong. 
Your second point is demonstrably inaccurate (edit: autocorrect didn’t like “provably”). It is just what you would like to think. Multiple altcoins prove this isn’t the case, and so do any and all centralized services with many users.  There is no direct or reliable correlation between number of users and security. It is *completely dependent* upon the network architecture and nothing else.  2X will knock 98,000 nodes off the network immediately if they don’t upgrade to new software. Arguing such a thing is “more secure” makes zero sense.
TL;DR   I’m perfectly aware of the drawbacks of the current and best payment layer options (LN included).  I am also aware of the drawbacks and risks of having a reactionary hard fork to increase resource costs whenever we have full blocks.  I will gladly take the challenge of the former, to avoid the risk of the latter. 
@_date: 2015-09-24 18:56:17
its a direct line from the original post that bitcoin software doesn't need any special hardware.  It does in fact need computer hardware however.  Just making a play along the same lines.  A normal computer disc drive plays DVDs, no additional hardware needed
@_date: 2016-10-07 12:42:54
True, but you do so by punishing criminals, not perfectly legal avenues that criminals happen to use.  They can also make sex slavery difficult by catching the actual criminals who traffic in sex slavery, rather than imprisoning website owners of sites that the criminals happen to use for communication.
Never forget, you can also make terrorism more difficult by completely eliminating monetary privacy.  Just because someone has hindered a criminal doesn't mean their actions are justified.  There are plenty of horrific and immoral things that inhibit criminal activity, but they remain horrific and immoral regardless.
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:00:17
I disagree with both B2X *and* think leveraging the state is dirty and in very bad character.  So who's "side" do I belong to?
This is a collectivist and very ignorant equivocation.  You see someone who supports Y say something mean or stupid, everyone supporting Y (side Y) must be mean and stupid.  
Equating many with the actions or comments of one is an enormous and widespread fallacy.  One that if you use for judging, your opinion will never be rooted in any kind of fact or truth, and will instead just blow with the wind of other's perception.  This is the exact reason I worked very hard not to judge (and still try not to) he arguments or intentions of big blockers just because I have seen hundreds of them make completely inane comments, ridiculous and outright evil personal attacks, and just completely foolish behavior.  But I don't equate everyone's big blockers with the last one I argued with.


@_date: 2016-10-22 00:53:15
Not directly related but Assange/Wikileaks is a big supporter of bitcoin and the discussion of bitcoin is very intertwined with freedom on the Internet.  
It makes sense that the bitcoin community would be wary about such events, and rightly so.  Bitcoin kept Wikileaks operating while all of their bank accounts were shut down due to government pressure.  It is foolish to assume the political atmosphere has nothing to do with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:37:39
How many times did I say I don't have to keep *someone else's word* in my post?  This is *exactly* what I'm talking about.  I absolutely do keep my word, and I am not breaking any promises because i never made them.
If my post didn't make that clear (maybe you just didn't actually read it), then I have no better way to phrase it.
@_date: 2016-10-07 01:07:26




This is ridiculous.  Here we have a paramount level of hypocrisy as "Attorney General Paxton" claims to be *aghast* at profiting from sex trafficking and his "solution" is to shutdown a website that holds *classified ads.*  They have done *absolutely nothing,* not a single damn thing, to prevent sex trafficking, to stop sex traffickers, or to help anyone who has been enslaved or trapped in the sex trafficking world.  
Yet! Here they beat their chests like dumb fucking gorillas (unfair to gorillas really) as they shutdown nothing more than a classified ads website that probably just doesn't bother wasting the resources to invade their customers' privacy and needlessly *police* their own ads outside of an outright scam being reported.  And to imply their own heroism at preventing "exploitation and trafficking of persons" is almost a laughable level of hubris.  They have gone after the *easiest, weakest, most pathetically irrelevant link in the human trafficking market and claimed justice.*  
All I see is cowardice.  They are ignoring the real criminals, and refusing to help the real victims because its too difficult and comes with *actual* risk. 
@_date: 2015-09-24 19:18:28
Is a DVD player and this Bitcoin Computer supposed to be the same price for some reason? So i guess I'm *not* interested in buying your DVD player for $400.  I can get pick one up at Target for about $20 I think.  Thank you for the offer though.
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:25:41
Yeah probably.  Definitely took the bait
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:26:16
It is really obvious that the recent hard forks have brought massive attention to the importance of running a node.  I think that is the entire point of the post.  
I can also personally say it is absolutely true for my experience.  I put off getting my node back up for almost 2 years simply due to the hassle and apparent lack of necessity.  But the discussion and risks of the recent/ongoing hard forks convinced me it was time to permanently add another one to the network.
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:28:58
1 - Not a **single** person here agreed to *anything.*  You can't hold us to somebody else's BS promise.
2 - Core is not one person.  The community is not one person.  Quit being a collectivist.
3 - Miners do not get to change the rules because they feel like it.
@_date: 2017-10-07 17:30:34
This is completely at odds with what we have witnessed.  *Thousands* of alts have Lower fees.  
I actually [summarized my thoughts on this in an article](  It's short and I think responds well to this comment. 
Edit: and wouldn't that mean BCH, by default, would absolutely *have* to have more usage and higher market cap already?  It has 4 times the block space, why isn't it more valuable?
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:05:16
That's a good point, but considering Bitfinex volume I would say it probably doesn't make a massive difference.  And technically *any money* sent to Bitfinex would "price in" that risk.  Meaning the BTC price would show the same gap across exchanges.
@_date: 2016-10-07 16:05:49
I completely agree.  I am making no defense to the insane person who murders because they can't control their anger or whatever reason.  My only argument was that someone who casually murders with complete disregard to the reasons simply to make an income should be treated with lower regard.  They simple have zero regard for human life and should be put away for as long as possible.  
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:21:40


Changing consensus rules is a fork.  Leaving consensus rules the same is not forking.  B2X is the only thing that is forking, and that's by definition, and also the very foundation of the disagreement.  
When you see anyone say "Core Bitcoin is forking," understand that this one sentence expresses both the fallacy of composition and a complete lack of knowledge of what a fork is.  Keeping bitcoin the same is not forking, and Core devs are many people with differing opinions and don't control bitcoin at all. 
The argument is between many hodlers and a large swath of the community, most of the Core devs (not all), and many of the businesses and developers in the industry who think we do not need a consensus change now, it's far too risky, and we have many alternative ways to scale without altering consensus that we haven't even begun to realize.


Another mistake you made we thinking that many are just following Core (it's extremely common wording so I'm not attacking you here, just pointing it out).  The simple fact is that *tons* of us don't agree with this *including* many of the Core devs.  That doesn't mean the Core devs currently have decision control over the protocol.  They don't even remotely, which is one of the points they keep trying to reiterate.  They cant just decide to break consensus and expect everyone to follow.  Which seems to be what many big blockers and the NYA signers don't understand.


It isn't really about efficiency, it *was* originally about fees.  But since those have dropped that talking point has been much less prevalent.  Basically many big blockers think that Bitcoin is dead if fees are high, and they have always used and thought of Bitcoin as a payment network.  In truth Bitcoin is a really bulky and slow payment network.  There are many ways we can create networks for aggregating thousands of transactions together and receive instant confirmations, but these have to be done with new network layers (see Lightning network).  
The critical factor is decentralization and censorship resistance.  If blocks get so big the nodes cost heavy resources to validate, then the network stops being P2P.  It loses independence altogether.  It becomes whatever the largest miners desire, or whatever a state actor can "encourage them" to desire.  Breaking consensus rules under clearly contentious conditions is essentially step 1 in bringing that future into reality.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:59:32
Agreed, if we equate Brian's support of B2X as "Open Bazaar's" stance, then we would have to simultaneously say "Core believes in 300Kb blocks" just because Luke Jr does.
It isn't a fair accusation despite disagreeing with Brian on an unrelated position.


Beautifully and succinctly put.
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:04:54
You are doing god's work sir.  Keeping the dream alive
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:00:22
Of course I don't have anything other than what was in the article and never claimed to... and *neither do you* I'm betting.  So you defend them and I find their actions without enough evidence to be warranted.  We are working from exactly the same amount of information, so get off your high horse.
Edit: I actually stated my reasoning for not agreeing, where is yours?  Or is "teenage butthurt" all you had?
@_date: 2018-04-22 01:04:59
I would bet there is always a small group of people who upvote/downvote with just reading titles.  Maybe somebody has a few accounts and upvotes themselves, but I think it would be just as likely (and also about as equally influential) if it’s just an ADD subset of people on social media who rarely explore the links to remotely time consuming content and even less to anything that requires real reading.  
If it had 100 upvotes and no downvotes, then I might be suspicious. 
Edit: also link doesn’t work for me either.
@_date: 2016-10-20 20:56:54
I didn't realize there was money coming out.  Only "tokens" that were worth *millions.* if they are paying old investors directly rather than old investors simply selling their "tokens" to new ones, then I guess it would be more of a ponzi from a technical understanding. 
Either way it's just putting a label on rotten food.  It's a scam no matter what kind it may be.
@_date: 2015-09-10 23:33:48
He never said or suggested Bitcoin would solve its own problems. He said, 


There is nothing unreasonable about this position and it makes no claim of magic or honeybadgers.  How often are leaks in a roof found when its *not* raining?   Seeing these attacks in action on a network that isn't going to suddenly shutdown is actually pretty valuable in my opinion.  Particularly when the party that perpetrates the attack did so: 
* in the open 
* announced it was happening 
* clearly won't continue it indefinitely
* and are giving away free bitcoins
Developers might be able to think around certain problems pretty well but watching in real time and seeing one take place might make a problem more transparent and also might lead to a different or more economic solution that was difficult to see without real data.
@_date: 2016-10-28 14:36:09
lol didn't read it.  (Also, staffers is not a name so no capital needed)
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:19:35
Technically it isn't a Ponzi scheme.  He is correct.  But that doesn't make it *not* a scam... which it obviously is.
@_date: 2016-10-05 13:59:51
Not really.  First, the English language isn't massive. Second, 2048 variables at 12 words is 5.4445179e+39.
Or 5,444,517,900,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 different possible combinations.
@_date: 2017-10-25 15:05:55
Agreed.  But if a group of companies or miners think they can trick tens of thousands of nodes, want to make the chain those nodes are managing unusable, and fail to properly put code in place to make users aware of a split and alteration in the protocol so that they can *choose* to follow or not, I have a disagreement.
If any NYA signers come out and announce they are supporting both chains and will let the market decide, I applaud. It bothers me how many people attack over silly wording or even because of support for 2X.  Honest support and competition with a competing client doesn’t bother me at all.  What bothers me is when 2X supporters casually talk about wiping out the current chain, and tricking users onto 2X, **specifically because** they know they haven’t convinced the majority of users to accept their client.
@_date: 2016-10-29 05:16:03
I have disagree with the premise, that people don't want the freedom Bitcoin grants and don't care about liberty.  Therefore, bitcoin will not get mainstream adoption due to its power to grant liberty. 
The first point I can agree with, the second I'll argue is flatly wrong.  
Bitcoin and all technology is about freedom for *one's self.*  Political beliefs (article references Trump supporters) have little to nothing to do with that.  They *all* want freedom for themselves to believe and live how they desire, it's *other people* they are reluctant to grant freedom to. 
Adopting bitcoin in the liberty sense will be analogous to bittorrent.  No one wants someone else to illegally download *their* content, but that doesn't mean they wouldn't use it to download *other people's content.* it is the nature of the system that to get the freedom for themselves, they have to accept that other people will get it too.  
The writer is correct that no one cares about liberty for others, no one will be educated on principles of freedom and become evangelists because of bitcoin (well maybe a handful), and mainstream adoption will have nothing to do with the desire for equality and freedom...
But those same people *will* use a decentralized internet protocol because it grants *them* incomparable freedom of information and content.  They *will* use BitTorrent if it lets them get *other people's* content for free.  And they *will* use bitcoin it if protects *their* money from taxes, inflation, and prying eyes. 
If his premise were accurate, the internet would have failed because people didn't want others to have the freedom of information it granted.  
But the internet did succeed, and so will Bitcoin.  Because people are more concerned with gaining freedom for themselves than they are with preventing others from obtaining it. 
@_date: 2016-10-07 15:27:46
Says the corrupt officer who created an accounts (including the hired guns) using administrative privileges, used them to blackmail and extort multiple users for money, and had control over the DPR account?  
There is a reason charges were *never* brought against him.  The corrupt officer had full control over his account and could have *easily* had a conversation with himself.  Which would explain the change in language usage and bizarre conversations, and also why much of the DPR conversations showed seemingly no knowledge of these things later on.  If someone had a conversation with your account while you were sleeping, how long until you knew it happened?  
If he is proven guilty, then yes.  If it is used, as it has been, as a bludgeon against his character by a corrupt agent found extorting, bribing, blackmailing, and stealing... I call bullshit.
Edit: in addition, *he* did not murder someone for money.  Ross *allegedly* (at least his *account*) hired to have someone killed who was threatening to have him outed if he didn't pay extortion money.  Even if he did do it (which I honestly can't imagine there was reliable evidence and then was not prosecuted for it) it was a desperate response to threats, still horrible but not my example from above.
@_date: 2015-09-24 19:20:53
I just kept typing.  I didn't know what to do.
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:54:23
I actually did some elaborate crap similar to this back in the day just to use it.  Did all kinds of gift card buying and complex account funding puzzles.  I actually had to get cash and take it to the bank to deposit into a random account (with some random amount of change added to differentiate user deposits) which was to fund a service account (can’t remember name, it was before Dwolla) that then allowed me to do a slow transfer (measured in business days, was shortened to a few hours soon after) to my MtGox account that then let me buy Bitcoin.  Everything about using Bitcoin then was the definition of confusing.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:02:28
I personally have been using PNC for about 4-5 years and have had numerous deposits and purchases regarding or written checks (yes i actually wrote a check not too long ago, lol) with the word "bitcoin" on them. I haven't had any issue.  
Did they actually give you a reason or are you assuming?
@_date: 2016-10-15 18:12:38
I treat it as my long term savings.  I would never sell all of my Bitcoin no matter the price for the same I would never dump all of my savings on anything.  The only scenario that comes to mind would be needing it to recover from some terrible tragedy, but that's much of the point of savings isn't it?  
My goal it to make a high return, and take portions of it throughout my life for large expenses like a house and the like, but I fully intend to still have a significant amount of Bitcoin to leave to my children when I am gone.    
@_date: 2016-10-29 14:06:59
The nightmare of figuring out whether or not I would be breaking the law.  Not doing something hurtful or scamming, but failing to comply with thousands of pages of crap I don't understand.  I have seriously considered doing this many time, but even starting the task of compliance just seems insurmountable... I guess that was the point of it anyway.  (In the States, North Carolina, approx 3 levels of sometimes contradictory and redundant regulation, including NCs "special" digital currency rules)
@_date: 2016-10-14 02:17:01
Like Linux in that it runs as the foundation of a significant majority of the internet's infrastructure?
@_date: 2015-04-15 21:34:42
Yeah I think OP has made a mistake.  I don't know of any places that refund giftcards for cash.  Even if they did I would *highly* doubt they included egiftcards as well.  I might be wrong, but it seems there wouldn't even be a market for discounted giftcards or reselling if you could just go to the store in question and turn it back into cash.
@_date: 2016-10-27 00:11:59
Exactly.  The same goes for a 2mb hard fork which comes with even greater risks and possible problems, particularly without first fixing the quadratic computation of larger transactions.  
What does a 2mb and 4mb HF get us?  A *single* large company or bank using the Bitcoin blockchain for every transaction *immediately* has it full again and everyone rehashing the same arguments.  And the cost is the decentralization of the networks very foundation.  
Bitcoin's success will not hinge on a 2x or 4x capacity increase.  It will hinge on the *first* layer 2 solution that grants a 1000x or 10000x increase.  
I consistently hear the argument that HDD and bandwidth will increase to offset the growing blockchain.  But you also have to account for how much more the new technology *will be used.*  Right now there are a lot of credit card transactions, but today a computer cannot freely open a bank account and get a debit card.  A computer *can* create and operate a Bitcoin wallet.  
The Bitcoin network will ultimately have to handle a number of transactions that will make VISA's capacity today look like AT&amp;T phone call volume from the 80s compared to the number of current, active Internet connections.  
The blocksize is largely irrelevant in the long term for scaling.  We don't need a network that can "eventually handle VISAs capacity," we need one that can handle *thousands of times* what we consider "normal transaction volume."  A 2mb HF isn't even a drop in the ocean.
@_date: 2016-10-14 16:15:54
Adoption life cycles depend on a lot of factors and are ever decreasing in timespan.  The adoption of Bitcoin will naturally be much faster than email because you do not need to buy additional devices or build a cable/phone infrastructure to support it.  Bootstrapping the user for email required massive investment by both large companies and the user themselves.  Making someone Bitcoin ready only requires the internet connections and computer or smartphone that they already own. 
It will be more akin to the adoption of social media than of email if Bitcoin is to go mainstream.  It will likely reach a tipping point where getting involved seems less costly than ignoring it.  Facebook happened *far* quicker than email did.
@_date: 2018-04-23 05:33:25
I don’t think I’ve ever heard anyone, least of all Maxwell, claim Schnorr was right around the corner. If he actually said that, I can only imagine he was being sarcastic. 
If unaware, *two weeks* is sort of a crypto meme like Hodl, thanks to Butterfly Labs back in the day.  They were notorious for having given an official announcement that their miners would be ready in “two weeks.” Only to have their first batch of high percentage faulty hardware deliver like a year later.  Obviously I know nothing about the context, but if he was asked how long it would be and responded with “two weeks,” he could’ve meant that to mean “not very soon.”
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:14:03
I don't disagree with the underlying principle, the scaling and security trade-off is in the exact same boat.  I have no blanket assumption that all of Lightning's tradeoffs will be easily fixed, some are literally inevitable consequences of its architecture. But that doesn't mean they are all impossible problems either.  Many *do* have solutions and are likely solvable with more exploration and development. 
@_date: 2016-10-29 14:00:58
Just saying.  I expected a Bloomberg article about the Yuan and Bitcoin from the title.  Got just the Yuan.  �� ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:43:49


Very possible.  I just get really annoyed when someone makes the high and mighty claim that they "cant stand for sex slavery" and pretend they have done something by shutting down a classified ads website.  There are actual sex slaves and human trafficking rings out there and here are millions of dollars wasted for posturing. 
Maybe an analogy will better explain my annoyance.  It frustrates me for the same reason as if we had people starving in the streets and someone was arrested for throwing out leftovers rather than giving it to the starving people.  Yes, it is a waste to throw out food, but arresting that person does nothing to help the suffering, it just ads to the list.
@_date: 2018-04-23 05:39:53
Ok good. I didn’t want to assume you were super naive but it kinda sounded like a serious question, lol. It’s so hard to tell sometimes. XD
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:51:09
Yeah, that's not how it works.  I hope you are being sarcastic.
@_date: 2018-04-13 03:37:53
If it was someone within the company or institution responsible for the decision then it would be considered insider trading.  That being said, I personally don’t have much concern with insider trading, and find the idea difficult to define criminally.  A vast amount of trading happens on knowledge with limited knowledge. And most of that is perfectly acceptable. Politicians and the wealthy get around the legal restrictions regarding the practice with very easy routes through friends, spouses, and trusted associates making trades on their behalf.  It is used far more often as a political tool to attack anyone who poses a threat or opposition.  
Clearly this isn’t always the case, and often the advantage is quite blatant and would be considered ethically reprehensible.  But it isn’t unheard of for a political institution or special interest to want someone out of the way and it doesn’t take long to find normal behavior that turns out to be a felony when it’s convenient for those in power.  
So in the majority of circumstances, plenty of people get away with it.  Technically, however, it is a crime. Though the average person commits a felony 3 times per day. So it should be taken in context, we are all criminals if someone with the right authority wants us to be. 
@_date: 2016-10-29 01:09:01
Thanks for shedding light.  It's easy for people to get over excited here.  Have any other details you would like to share?
Aside from bitcoin though, well done on the growth of the party!  I don't agree with everything the Pirate Party represents but your success throws a huge wrench in the established way of the world and it's satisfying to witness.  Trying new ideas and experiments in new and more open forms of governance will be the only way we can make it out of the mess this system has buried us under.
(Edit: also, not to be picky, but any evidence to prove who you are?)
@_date: 2016-10-29 17:47:58
That's just profiling.  And profiling is wrong.
@_date: 2016-10-07 17:18:28
Stockholm syndrome is not a reason for illegality.  I know *relationships* that can be most accurately described as a case of Stockholm syndrome, that does not mean relationships should be illegal.  You received downvotes I'm betting because it appears you are equating all voluntary sex workers as victims of Stockholm Syndrome, which is as accurate as my claiming of all bad relationships being the same.  
Maybe you aren't, but it appears as a defense for their reasoning, which is a weak categorization of a socially unacceptable line of work.  Meaning they allow themselves to believe every member of the industry is a victim of Stockholm syndrome (because it is a comfortable explanation for them), therefore imprisonment and violence is justified.  
I agree that this is a known problem for illegal human sex trafficking victims.  But it does not mean everyone who posts an ad for sex work is a victim of it.
@_date: 2016-10-27 04:07:17
A blocksize increase is definitely needed in long term.  I just mean to address the few who think it's critical that it happens immediately while opposing segwit.
@_date: 2016-10-14 16:18:35
Holy Crap, I can get 300MB for just $20,000!?  What the hell would I do with all of that space?  With that much storage I could receive email *with attachments!*
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:41:05
Haha, from my concluding paragraph -  




This is why I only bothered with the dominant and most obnoxious claims and basically left it at that.  I'll keep exploring and discussing Lightning for a long time to come, but likely won't spend so much time on FUD after this. XD
@_date: 2016-10-27 03:26:56
True, but it makes sense to roll out segwit first to solve the hashing and malleability problems and as it is a capacity increase in addition. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 03:17:46
Essentially if you made a 1mb transaction by creating excessively large signatures it might take 20 seconds (just a made up number) to validate, but doing that same thing with a 2mb transaction would take 80 seconds.  
Quadratic meaning *four* times the computation every *two* times the size.  Essentially someone could spam large signature transactions and cause serious lag in the network.  It was why the 1mb limit was put in initially if I remember correctly.
Segwit has, as part of its improvements, a fix that makes large signature hashing scale linearly instead of quadratically.  So a signature that is twice the size takes only twice as long to validate.
@_date: 2016-10-08 04:07:53
If you are ignorant to how the LN actually works, I would advise not spouting off centralized conspiracy FUD.
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:41:57
An internet with only a few hundred servers, initial dial-up connections and few available routes is also very unreliable.  
We are in the bootstrapping phase, both major clients are still *in beta.* This isn't the product launch phase yet.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:38:49
How does a silver ETF not fulfill every last aspect that you have just used to explain that Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme? 
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:47:45
I can agree with this sentiment.  But I think it is dangerous to do a HF before we have a fix for the quadratic signature hashing problem, as it opens Bitcoin up to a new attack vector.   I absolutely think we need a blocksize increase, but it makes a lot of sense to activate segwit first.
@_date: 2016-10-24 01:54:03
Well said.  As I've thought for a long time, the blockchain both *cannot* and *should not* have to confirm every single transaction.  Imagine if everyone on the internet had to verify all traffic?  The *blockchain* isn't the payment network, it is the *consensus layer* that makes a payment network possible.  One that is instant, independent, stateless, impossible to counterfeit, decentralized, and infinitely scalable.  
Boring, slow, bulky, privacy killing main chain transactions are there for immutability, security, and decentralization.  Those three things should be prioritized absolutely and undeniably without compromise.  The rest can be built on top of it.
@_date: 2016-10-07 15:36:08
Oh I think you misunderstood or I didn't clarify.  I wasn't saying the person who *hired* the murderer, but the murderer who is *hiring himself out* should have a worse sentence.  The person who *performed the murder* simply because someone would pay him/her.
@_date: 2015-11-12 19:28:17
When was the last time monopolistic control of an industry seemed to work in favor of the customer?  Better yet by an institution that if you refuse payment to, will send enforcers to your door and punish you for refusing to be their customer.   So let me answer with another question.  If their was a monopolistic government institution in control over food or technology and decisions were all made by committee where they taxed customers without choice to the service they wanted... Would innovation be faster and would we have better or worse service?
Would you feel better represented if you had to pay a tax to Apple even though you chose to be a Microsoft customer?  What if Apple decided to outlaw Microsoft and then allowed to to vote for board members?  Would this suddenly be preferable?
@_date: 2016-10-14 02:13:47
Eh, technically the combined value of both coins is greater than the original, single chain.  And the hit in price was not very great.  Admittedly this is not a robust argument, but neither is ETH being "worthless" because, in truth, it is worth quite a lot still.  
disclaimer: against hard forks whenever another option exists, very skeptical of ETH system of control.
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:12:19
If you are using US VPN's possibly, but the whole idea is jurisdictional arbitrage.  It would require having no country available to get this done.  And the more of a problem it is, I think the greater the pressure to find a solution or maybe even to use the Tor network.
You are right that the RAM hog for routing in the Lightning network is going to be a difficult challenge, but I don't think it an insurmountable challenge.
All in all it clearly isn't a problem yet, and we don't know if it will be. We have no idea how the government is going to treat this, and we may end up in a situation where agencies contradict and fight each other over who does or doesn't police the network.  It is all far from certain, and I'm neither convinced they will respond in such a regulatory manner, or that it will be quite as detrimental as you seem to think.
@_date: 2016-10-09 23:45:50
You might just be stupid.  Sarcasm and stupid are equally possible scenarios for such a contradiction.  It is very dangerous to Sarcasm without a "/s" at the end.  XD
@_date: 2016-10-14 14:30:38
There is also a big difference between wealth created through a successful investment in an efficient technology, and wealth attained through political privilege, market manipulation, and the legal authority to counterfeit.
@_date: 2016-10-08 18:30:13
Yeah that's a real problem. The issue is how to get USD to the seller.  I'll do a bit of looking today and msg you if I find anything that might be viable.
@_date: 2016-10-24 05:35:27
So when people built Tor, BitTorrent, HTTP, Google, SMTP &amp; POP, Maidsafe, IFPS, Bitcoin and a million other software and services on top of the Internet at what point did it not become the Internet anymore?  
@_date: 2016-10-15 02:15:13
It certainly solves losing all of your money to inflation...
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:06:52
Holy crap! I was wrong about the English language, I somehow imagined maybe in the tens of thousands.  A google search taught me I was very wrong:


My favorite thing about this estimate however is the ".8" at the end.  I *really* want to know what that .8 of a word is.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:44:38
Yeah maybe, but baseless narratives get thrown around so much from so many people that it just seems like no one even tries to think. We just immediately jump onto any possibility that reinforces what we already believe, without the slightest attempt to observe or think that *maybe* our first ignorant assumption isn't an automatic truism.  
Maybe my frustration with it shows a lack of patience, which I can say was true at the time.  But regardless, the very often repeated position of the first comment is nonsense pulled from thin air.
@_date: 2018-04-13 03:55:24
I’m glad I could inform.  People don’t realize that trading with $1000 isn’t even remotely the same as trading with $30 million.  Strategy is completely different and so many people make the ridiculous assumption that if your wealthy you just get to decide whatever price you want it to be and can put in an order and *poof* you have a bunch more money.  The reality is that very wealthy traders have to be far, far more methodical and careful with their trades. Entering and exiting markets very slowly, building and decreasing positions over time.  
An example is when the MtGox coin sellers recently announced they had started selling around $19k and exited with a $10k average. There were people on social media claiming what idiots they were for getting such a weak price (it was around 11k at the time I think). While I was amazed they had pulled 10.  When you dump millions on the market you might cause a %20 move in the orderbook just trying to find the volume to fill the sell, and worse is you *invite other sellers* to the market and liquidate longs at the same time.  This seriously *worsens* the price because it precipitates the fall and scares out the buyers they desperately need.  It makes guaranteeing a good price extremely difficult, and it’s exactly why they “manipulate” the market with large orders the get withdrawn or sharp, but short term, dips and spikes. Because otherwise their full order would have two to three times that effect, and they are trying to trigger volume into the market *in order to prepare buyers/sellers for more volume.*
In short, their “manipulation” does the opposite of what people think it does. It cause a larger number of *smaller moves* when they enter or exit their positions by giving time for other participants to respond and move capital.  Otherwise we would see astronomical crashes or a quadrupling of price that would occur when they threw it all on the table at once.  
@_date: 2016-10-24 01:58:52
Looks great! Trailer definitely grabs my interest.  
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:02:36
I'm glad its appreciated.  While its gotten quicker over time, it takes a surprising amount of time to put it all together.  For years though I've wished there was something like it available for me to listen to... then one day I thought, "fuck it, I'll make one."  Oddly enough its actually been very valuable to even me.  It is easy to think you know somethings but then realize that there are a few nuances or missing pieces when you have to explain it to someone else.  I've actually learned a lot doing the podcast that I thought I already had figured out.  
Let me know what you think after you get a chance to listen.  I always appreciate feedback whether positive or negative :)
@_date: 2016-10-09 23:38:19
I had this exact same issue recently.  The support at multibit gave me a quick answer and you don't have to mess with private keys. 
Simply download the newest version of Multibit *Classic.*  it's a few years old but it has the ability to change the fee.  The transaction will be reset after install/sync and you can just resend the TX.  It took a little time because the old client took forever to sync on my computer.  It definitely worked for me though. Just had to wait a bit.
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:41:45
I certainly hope so.  There is enormous promise and I'm going to have a very eager eye on development.
@_date: 2018-04-18 19:50:51
So going through a few of your additional points and I've noticed that I actually did address some of them in my podcast.  I'll go ahead and answer a few here.


Lightning actually has worked for me for regular payments and has been fun to experiment with.  Due to the lack of current adoption, I can't do much with it as far as service options, but I don't see how that means the protocol itself doesn't work for payments, when it has worked in practice for me.


As I stated in my podcast episode, the fact that you have to be online is absolutely true.  I didn't even contradict this.  I also noted that to receive credit card payments, you also have to be online, which hasn't prevented their use. 
For the watchtowers, you say you have to "trust" them to stay online and watch for you.  By the same measure you have to "trust" network nodes to propagate your payment even though they have no financial incentive to do so.  Your transaction may never reach a miner if nodes didn't do this.  You seem to think there will be some enormous fee for what seems a simple, low cost job.  The equilibrium price for such a service would undoubtedly be extremely tiny, as the cost is almost negligible and there is practically no market barrier to entry.  
The watchtower doesn't need any personal or identifying information, and doesn't even need your transactional data to do this job, and it is *only needed* if there is ever a dispute.  I don't see how we would consider that an enormous degree of trust.


This would mean that the users taking advantage of it were spending additional funds rather than less in order to do so.  Use of the network would by definition mean the burden was less, otherwise people won't voluntarily spend extra money to do the same job.  This is a really silly hypothetical.


I did address this point.  You can use a tool like Bosworth's HTLC payments to create liquidity in your own channels.  Its point  in the podcast/article.


Why would she be forced to receive her salary over LN? And if she so chose, she could have the $5000 salary received as the opening of a lightning channel with her employer, use an HTLC payment to send whatever she wants to savings (giving her liquidity), spending the rest, and having the entire channel open for her next paycheck.  I don't see how this is an issue.


Trying to control who can or cannot connect to a widespread lightning network seems like an extremely difficult job.  And trying to segregate your little corner of the network with only "whitelisted" participants is more likely to just make lightning payments to your store very unreliable, as opposed to spending at competitors who don't care.  Such a tactic would likely hinder themselves better than it would limit/control others.


As I said, bankers will always have the ability to do this with software.  But they won't be able to do with with lightning or bitcoin, arbitrarily creating coins isn't compatible with either protocol.
your third from the bottom point considers the privacy of not knowing whats going on (privacy) is bad, then your very next point says you might be able to destroy the privacy in some hypothetical spook scenario (privacy good)... which is bad.  Is privacy good or bad? 
Also, in my podcast, I didn't make any claim that Lightning had perfect privacy, I stated multiple times actually that is was merely *better* than bitcoin payments at the core layer.   is very short.


I did address that finding a route was done by the node sending the transaction rather than controlled by other in the network, which is part of what actually makes the protocol censorship resistant believe it or not.  To claim dealing with every single transaction, the entire history to the genesis block, and broadcasting everything to all nodes on the base layer is somehow an *easier* task than just tackling the routing data and node states for a large network is kind of obviously wrong.  Raw Bitcoin has vastly larger data/resource costs than a Lightning node.  
I find it ironic that you posted on r/btc as if this "debunked" my podcast, when none of these were the points I answered, except of course the watchtowers and always online elements.  One I still think you are wrong about, and the other I didn't even disagree with.  If you even played the podcast episode, I'm not sure you actually *listened* to it.  
Either way, is it really "debunking" something if you aren't even talking about the arguments they made? 
@_date: 2016-10-29 01:19:47
Thnx ��
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:52:37
And there are a handful of very easy and low cost ways to protect yourself from that.  As we see since Bittorrent continues to work very well despite many institutions working against it.
Nodes on lightning are likely to be very agile, much more so than full bitcoin nodes.  I do have concern about the legal crackdown that I think is inevitable on Bitcoin, but I find it highly unlikely it will "break" the lightning network in a significant way.
@_date: 2016-10-19 23:35:37
Either you are being sarcastic or have no idea what you are talking about -_-
edit: After reading the other comments I at least get what you are saying.  The original made it sound as if you were equating the blocksize with slow block times.
@_date: 2016-10-27 17:25:24
That's crazy, albeit I was pulling numbers out of my ass just for example.  Had no idea it was that extreme though.
@_date: 2016-10-25 21:31:26
Meaning fees might be high right now and therefore a quicker transaction requires a higher fee.  You aren't even trying to be helpful.  
If someone is having problems with their businesses local network because they have too many devices, I would suggest creating a different subnet.  If I just said, "you have too many devices and IPv4 is stupid," guess what, I haven't done anything to *help* them.  I just wanted the satisfaction of complaining.
@_date: 2016-10-07 16:21:16
You deserve my upvote.
@_date: 2016-10-22 01:04:43
This isn't exactly true.  What made the gains so massive in the past was that the chip size essentially had to catch up with 20 years of manufacturing in an industry starting from zero.  Now that we are hitting the same chips size of the rest of the processor industry you will see speed differences similar to next gen computer chips.  Yes it will be better to get an i7 but your i5 isn't immediately so out of date to be useless.  
The often 100x and even 1000x capacity increase from newer chips is what resulted in heavy centralization.  If you think centralization is worse *now* then you have not been paying attention at all.  One player with new chips could dominate the market in a matter of weeks.  That simply isn't the case anymore.  And as all manufacturers roll out 16nm chips and saturate the market, the price will come down and people won't *have* to have the next gen the second it hits the market.  It will continue to decentralize and *has* been decentralizing for the last 2 years or so.  
There will always be performance increases, but they will no longer change the entire mining landscape like they have in the past. 
@_date: 2016-10-14 02:07:44
Very true, but "customer research" and "customer *experience*" are not the same thing.  Just because they didn't directly ask customers what they wanted doesn't mean they didn't focus their products on a customer goal and a simple, intuitive solution to accomplishing that goal.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 17:32:04
I get the cheeky note but that doesn't apply.  Paper money has many benefits over carrying gold coins in the economy of the early 1900s.  Paper money has arguably little to no benefit over digital money today (referring to Bitcoin here).  There are many surer solutions to transaction volume than switching *back* to paper.  
While Bitcoin paper notes may always be a novelty and definitely have their place in cold storage and long term savings protection; I don't see them ever being realistically used for general exchange.
@_date: 2016-10-15 21:45:40


First, let's take your definition as correct and look at Bitcoin.  Bitcoin has a price determined by buyers and sellers interacting on exchanges.  The price only increases when more money is closing trades to buy than to sell.  This money is not funneled to early investors.  If the price falls, they garner no special privilege or interest.  Anyone who invested in late 2013 can tell you that.  There is zero guarantee of make a profit and unless they are selling for dollars, they don't get any money from anyone.
An increase in demand is the *only* thing that can raise the price, and this *may* grant profit to early investors.   Please explain the difference between how Bitcoin achieves its price against gold, silver, cotton, USD, Yuan, or how any other commodity or stock does. 
Second, I have a problem with your definition of a ponzi.  A ponzi is a system that promises gains and pays money *directly* from new investors to early investors through the illusion of high interest rates or dividends.  This does not happen in Bitcoin, at all.  There is no interest paid, there are no dividends, and there is certainly no promise of making a return.
In addition, the ponzi is insolvent by default because it is *using* the new money to pay early investors.  There is a point where it absolutely, *must* run out of money because the "profit" is imaginary.  Bitcoin cannot be insolvent.  The only way investors lose is when the price falls, which is solely due to falling demand and has nothing to do with Bitcoin "running out of funds." 
The definition of a ponzi you provided is weak and your logic is simply wrong.   Bitcoin is not a ponzi scheme by your own definition *or* the actual definition of a Ponzi scheme. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:43:20
Just like Bittorrent ;)
@_date: 2016-10-29 22:08:02
It's ok. I was lucky enough to hold over 500 at one time in my wallet when it was under a dollar.   Can't imagine the regret of making 60-70 Bitcoin purchases and seeing the tiny amount left from the amount I once had. Just remember that you are *still* early to the game.  Just start a savings account with what you can afford and keep putting change into it.  I've done this for 5 years and every day that goes by makes the decision look smarter and my "smaller" balance continues to reward my devotion to savings.
Everyone beats themselves up about missing a "get rich quick" opportunity.  But never forget that virtually no one keeps wealth that they achieved in a single lucky break. Play the long game and be smart with your money, it's highly likely people will kick themselves for missing the chance to get in *today.*
@_date: 2015-11-30 03:39:56
*facepalm* 
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:38:58
That's not what makes it not a crime.
@_date: 2016-10-07 16:17:41
Only that the ability to empathize suggests less likelihood to murder and that the murderer would be able to feel guilt for his/her actions.  
Someone who cannot empathize with their victims is only deterred from murder by their risk of getting caught.
@_date: 2016-10-29 04:47:15
This is kind of misleading.  The article says nothing about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:04:12
I used to call this "ignorance," but I'm so sick of the endlessly repeated load of crap that has been proven wrong so many times with numerous active tests and videos of LN *being used live* that "outright, full-of-shit, liar" is far more appropriate these days.  I'm really running low on patience.
@_date: 2016-10-15 15:39:36
Upvote because I want to hear his answer.
@_date: 2017-05-21 17:01:00
The data is not fully accurate and therefore must be taken with a grain of salt.  But to say having 80% of nodes running a particular client, alongside seeing the entire community supporting that client, and a twitter storm discussing that client is *completely meaningless* just because someone could spin up a lot of nodes is both purposefully dismissive and frankly unrepresentative. 


Yes, without a doubt it is important to remember that there could be variance and a margin for manipulation or shilling, but it is far from meaningless.  That same caveat is also true of miner signaling (demonstrated with Litecoins massive swings), of Twitter or any online poll, of Reddit discussions, any and all online forums, and is practically universally true of any attempt at measuring human opinion whatsoever.  That makes it *vague* and *non-concrete.* But that data also happens to be the best we can get, which makes it *far from meaningless.*
Calling it meaningless is simply the age tested method of discrediting the measuring stick for support to avoid having to argue the point.  Not saying this is what you are doing because I don't know your stance, but the node count, alongside a ton of other information, discussions, development, controversy, polls, and other pseudo-measurements for trying to put a number to a subjective opinion, is absolutely a useful (and entirely necessary) data point.  If this wasn't the case, then it suggests you or anyone would readily believe the community supported a certain client as long as the three largest miners signaled for it, *even if there wasn't a single additional node running it.* In practice, no one would believe something so ridiculous without a significant percentage of nodes *also* showing support.  
TL:DR  No single measurement represents the full story, and there is essentially no way to get totally concrete data on a subjective measurement like opinion anyway.  Node count falls under that same truth of being only *partially representative* of support.  But using the word "meaningless" is simply inaccurate. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 03:28:36


Structure does not equal monopolistic government.  Liberty has nothing to do with being anti-rule.  Rules are simply a standard of interaction and they develop naturally where ever people communicate with each other.  I am not against rules, I would argue I believe in far stricter rules than you do, I am anti-authority.  I do not believe in some arbitrary group deciding the rules for everyone else under the ridiculous assumption that "they are smarter and better and we can either do what they say or receive the blunt end of there sticks." 
@_date: 2015-11-17 03:19:10


Price controls don't work because prices are specific economic indicators that tell us about the cost, supply, and demand of a product or service.  A price "limit" isn't some special case.  Controlling a price is like shortening the length of a meter to get a bigger house.  The market will still respond to the forced lower price.  If you lower the price allowed for selling bread, the demand for bread will increase, while the people looking to start bakeries decide to go into a different industry instead with a higher profit margin.  There isn't just some endless producer of any of our goods/services.  No one will provide a service if they can't make a profit, for the same reason you wouldn't go to work if it costs more in gas to get there than you make from your salary.


This is assuming a fallacy that is widespread but entirely false and obfuscates the solution.  The word "we" is a dangerous way to hide the fact that you are suggesting that a minority group of politicians will decide and enforce through violent compulsion the manipulation of an economic indicator.  You say "we" should do these things and yet that isn't at all what is happening. 
Here is the opening of ["Anatomy of the State"](






@_date: 2015-09-18 12:04:48
Isn't it nice to have multiple government institutions tell you something you already know years after you knew it, lol?  
However, "proved it" is a bit off the mark.  They never bother to "prove" anything.  They just declare it as such in order to enforce the punishment they want.  IRS declares it taxable property, CFTC declares is an exchanged commodity, SEC claims its a security... odd how they all declare it to be something under *their* control.  /feigned shock
@_date: 2016-05-11 14:45:15
Says the guy who is holding out hope that a network that has done nothing but grow in usage and accessibility, seen constant development, expanded integration for 7 years straight, and is valued in the billions of dollars must clearly be on the edge of certain, swift death.  
At least history is on my side.  My only argument is that Bitcoin will very likely be much easier, more valuable, and more widely used in 10 years than it is today.  And that international payments will rely on it to make quick, secure transfers.  If that isn't the case, then I can only imagine it's because a different open, distributed ledger replaces it... But I doubt that a new project could surpass the development and growth of Bitcoin at this stage unless an enormous flaw is found.  Either way, if you want to take that bet I'm willing to make it.  
@_date: 2016-05-12 15:18:54
I disagree, there were many different protocol standards competing to be the "dominant" network at the internet a inception.  Nearly all the major competitors were closed source, proprietary standards however.  Xerox's actually required people to pay royalties just to use it.  I'm more inclined to think the open source solution with the highest degree of customization and the largest development community is positioned to take the cake in a battle of digital currencies.  That's why I'm invested in Bitcoin, granted I have ether, lite coin, doge, and dash as well.  Just not nearly to the degree as Bitcoin.
Obviously I could be wrong, I just can't find a good reason, despite actively looking, for Bitcoin to be replaced by anything currently available.  And starting from scratch also requires starting the network effect from scratch, which is extremely difficult.  The competition doesn't just have to be better than Bitcoin, they have to be *far* better and introduce a significant advantage to really change the game.  I've not seen that happen yet.  Time will tell.
@_date: 2016-10-29 20:27:59


Maybe he delved into the explanations and upgrades that have been planned.  It took me a while to fully grasp the idea and importance of second layer scaling versus the simpler hard fork option but after extensive reading I reached the conclusion that it wasn't as foolish as I had initially thought.  No one paid me or intimidated me into changing my mind, I just learned and did not negate either viewpoint outright due to bias. 
Not everything is a conspiracy.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 14:35:51
Wealth distribution is irrelevant as everyone takes different amounts of risks and makes different choices.  The monetary system being *fair* is what matters and makes a lasting difference in quality of life for those using it.  
@_date: 2015-11-12 15:19:07
It's an interesting idea but a it still remains another government monopoly solution to a government monopoly problem.  For instance, this is only valuable if everyone does it.  If the prosecuted is not forced to get this insurance, then it helps no one.  Which immediately puts another burden on the entire process and makes the already astronomical prices go even higher.  
I do understand the sentiment, but I still think it's missing the core problem and trying to repair a symptom at great cost.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:06:49
This is such an absurd and ridiculous claim that I fail to comprehend how so many continue to be so ignorant about this.  The side chains are for *instant* settlement.  Bitcoin and the block chain in general was *never* fast enough and optimized properly for their use case and business needs.
@_date: 2017-05-07 22:25:07
This Bitcoin system is an ongoing agreement between *all* participants.  Developers, users, nodes, business/services, and miners all agree on the Bitcoin system constantly.  Miners are useless in forcing a change that the majority of the community doesn't want.  They will mine on their own unsupported coin.  And simultaneously the developers cannot force anything or make any changes without widespread support and voluntary updating across the network.  
To have one side literally flex their power, claim they "hold the law" in their hands is a rather blanket dismissal of anyone's opinions other than their own.  I have been reluctant to push a UASF because I still think we could get the miners to agree.  But, I'm beginning to think it might be healthy for the broader community and industry to show the miners that they rely on us as much as we rely on them.  Bitcoin is not a system where "the biggest computers make the decisions."
@_date: 2017-05-08 15:26:32
hashpower *secures* the rules.  ViaBTCs claim both implicitly and rather explicitly is that haspower gets to *decide and implement rules* which is absolutely incorrect.  I addressed it in my comment above:


Miners cannot decide that the rules are different because they have a bunch of hash power.  They can *fork* the network but if every business, user, wallet, node, and developer doesn't follow their 60% hash power network and instead stays on the other, then their network has *secured rules that no one chooses to use.*  
It is the choice of the network and community that assigns value to the ruleset and therefore is responsible for applying software *changes*.  The hash rate is there to secure the change from cheating or manipulation.  
TL;DR Analogy: The hashrate is like a cryptographic police force.  The police do not get to *change* the law.  The police *enforce* the law agreed on by the population (the network).  If the police decided tomorrow that sitting on your porch came with a $5,000 permit or imprisonment...  You can bet your ass the network (population) would fire every one of them before morning.
@_date: 2016-10-15 16:44:51
I'm curious, what is your definition of an investment Ponzi?  And how did speculators "hijack" it?   
My take:  A ponzi scheme is a very clear system with specific characteristics, none of which exist in Bitcoin outside of an indirect consequence of "some investors make a lot of money."  But this is true of literally any investment or commodity, *particularly* during its introduction into a market.  You are likely a much better computer scientist than I, but I have delved deeply into the study of economics for a very significant portion of my life, and I think you are deeply misguided in your assessment of its economic merits.
As far as it being a currency of crime.  By what standards and measurement?  And what crime do you refer?  The act of buying and selling drugs?  This is present in every monetary system and also is not always a crime.  It is not an act of aggression or theft toward anyone.  I would hope that inconsistent and frivolous state legislation is not your barometer for what is moral. 
Outside of drug markets, the only other recurring crime I see often is hacking, which has always been a crime.  This hasn't changed since the inception of Bitcoin.  I see no fundamental difference between hacking into a Bitcoin wallet or stealing credit card information and/or committing identity theft.  Do you have anything to add regarding this?
The debate regarding decentralization versus network congestion is one that is interesting and has worthwhile arguments.  But I think your arguments of bitcoin being a Ponzi scheme and "currency of crime" are based on little more than a personal image you have built for yourself rather than on any technical, economic, or moral understanding of it.
@_date: 2015-11-15 01:22:52


Think about that."
That analysis would clearly show the effects of a government run monopoly in arbitrage.  Why would it, in anyway, present information relevant to a decentralized market in arbitrage when that is so clearly not what we have?  I would like to see that analysis actually, would be wonderful data for proving how unfair government monopolies are.
If you find it please post it.  And I'm not being cheeky either, If you find it please link.


It does no such thing.  Freedom to associate and assemble is crucial.  It means you cant bargain using *other people's resources.*  Which is necessary to protect those people.  I ask you how well is that going now?  Is the common people's bargaining power running this country?  This is what centralization and monopoly gets you.


Again, you choose an industry with high amounts of legal protections and monopoly privilege.  Do you know how many permissions, regulations, and nonsense prevent people from setting up new networks in competition to these companies?   Its so complicated for the sole fact that regional rights are bought out by these huge corporations.  In addition, the FCC has monopoly regulation and control of wireless frequencies.  The TV white spaces have a completely untapped ocean of long distance high bandwidth traffic that is *illegal* to use.  Signals on the same frequency have the ability to be bent and twisted to get around interference and distortion, yet it is *illegal* to do so, *and* prevents any money spent on advancing the technology.  This is another great industry to use as an example against government monopoly.  Source: I work for one of those companies in that very industry and maintain their network.
@_date: 2016-10-25 21:18:26
Well otherwise we have absolutely no evidence as to why the Tx is taking so long.  Maybe there was a small fee, maybe he is using an old client, maybe the transaction hasn't even been broadcast.  
In what possible way does having no information give a better assessment?
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:45:05
Much appreciated!  Just trying to be useful :)
@_date: 2015-11-23 21:48:59
Funny thing, If I hadn't been following on Reddit, I would have known about *none* of your mentioned items, and yet bitcoin continued to work for me normally all year and I even earned profit on my holdings.  I'm wealthier now than I was (not much unfortunately), and it has gotten far easier to spend them during the same time period. 
First, I disagree completely with your premise that this was a turbulent year.  This year has been largely boring and uneventful in comparison to [Bitcoin's history](  Notice there isn't a single hack listed in your comment.  That is a miracle in and of itself if you've been here for any length of time.
Second, your argument, even assuming the false premise, still doesn't add up.  It basically amounts to, "Things were stressful and there were problems that had to be fixed (which is on par with any given weekday in bitcoin), therefore Bitcoin will obviously fail and you guys are dumb."  You have made a baseless logical jump from having problems to failing at a goal.  A problem with a clean, perfect, first time, cure-all solution is called a fairy tale.
If you are spending your life looking for something that works perfectly the first time, you will be sitting around cringing at folk who build things until the day you die.
@_date: 2015-11-30 03:22:39
This is the most convoluted and ridiculous hypothetical excuse of why a monopoly on governance is a good idea.  
@_date: 2015-09-11 22:20:33


I would bet the reason there were downvotes had more to do with your tone, rude comments, and general "go fuck yourself dummy" attitude.  You started your comment with "do you believe that nonsense?"  You referred to them believing in some "magical honeybadger powers" that auto-fix bitcoin.  And you finished it off responding to me as if I clicked the down arrow (which i didn't even do) because i want to pretend everything is positive and stick my head in the sand when something bad happens.  That's not nice.
There are definitely people who will downvote you because of your opinion, but for the most part, sensible arguments are not generally downvoted heavily no matter their position.  At least in my experience.  Its when someone follows that reason with "you idiot" or "why would you believe something so stupid?" that it seems to get out of control. 
I *was* disagreeing with you, but only because i didn't think the situation was as bad as you seem to think.  I genuinely think this, my bitcoin are still in my wallet, there is some neat new information and discussions about the attack that wouldn't have happened otherwise (this one included), and Bitcoin still seems to work.  I didn't mean any ill will toward you.
I would love to hear a nice, detailed argument about why this is bad.  And I would like to know how most of the developers feel about this.  Its interesting to me and i want to learn about the consequences.  I *really* like bitcoin and want to learn about it, attack vectors and all.  I kept using bitcoin as I normally do and everything seemed to work fine.  But I certainly don't know the whole story.  
All that aside, I think the reason you got downvoted was not your differing opinion, it was that you kinda had a bad attitude about it.
@_date: 2015-11-16 04:41:17
Is it easier to refuse to give Wal-mart your money or the US government?  If the government does something with your money that you don't agree with, how easy is it to get them to stop?  I love how you think I'm brainwashed but would never even entertain the idea that the monopoly institution controlling your education would ever tell a version of history that would make them look good.  I wonder if you could find *one* government that *didn't* tell its citizen's that it was responsible for everything good that happened in its history, and that it saved them all from the evil, scary, monopoly-dominated free market.  Actually read about these companies histories sometime that you mention, read about the laws they got passed and the politicians they bought.  Read about the endless barrage of lawsuits At&amp;T had against competitors and customers.  


I am under no such illusion.  This is a ridiculous assumption based on your inability to even understand my argument.  There are plenty of natural barriers to entry in a market.  Reality makes all kinds of shit hard.  I know exactly the costs that go into setting up an internet/cable network, far better than you do in fact.  But the government cannot undo this, all they can do is increase barriers and costs *artificially*.  Big companies constantly support these new regulations because the larger corporations can easily absorb these costs while it cripples a startup.  [Taxi companies are trying to force new requirements on Uber to eliminate the low cost entry for their drivers.](  They don't just want regulation, they beg for it, they pay and [fight for it.](    
There is no net gain to *anything* the government does.  If I take $5 from you, pay myself $2, give $2 to my friend's company, and give $1 to some poor guy, I've done zero net gain for the economy.  There is tons of information to show that [natural monopolies]( are short lived and largely a myth.  There have been no monopoly in history that didn't sustain its market share without heavy government partnership.
And FYI, there has never been a significant example of successfully eliminating a competitor through [predatory pricing]( in all of American history.  In fact, there are multiple examples of it failing miserably.  Yet this is repeatedly crammed into student's minds in *middle school.*  
**TL;DR**  Do you really believe it is easier for a company to control hundreds of millions of free people individually by constant price manipulation in a geographical area (that they first have to grow and dominate), but somehow *harder* for them to bribe like 100 greedy, lying politicians with an unchallenged, violently imposed, geographical monopoly to use those millions of people's tax money for their own interests?
@_date: 2015-11-19 04:16:25


Classic, ignoring the argument and attacking both me and my sources. 


You completely do not understand.  A person who thinks the whole world is too stupid to run their own lives and needs to be controlled is someone who has lost faith.  I actually believe people can run their own lives, and if left to their liberty, will actually prefer to get along instead of murdering and raping their entire town. 
It is the faithless who thinks people are too stupid to spend their own money.
It is the faithless who thinks people are too evil to do what they want with their property. 
It is the faithless who believes people need to be punished for exhaling and destroying the planet. 
It is the faithless who believes theft is the source to curing poverty.
It is the faithless who believes anyone successful is an evil exploiter to be torn down and stripped of everything they've built.
It is the faithless who believe a class, race, or income bracket can be summed up as a single personality, or moral temperament.  And therefore should be punished or rewarded for the sheer sake of existing.  Collectivism at its most idiotic.
And it is the faithless who believes the State must beat everyone into conformity.
You have a sad and twisted set of beliefs, and worst of all, you think its correct because others believe it.  The very core of your philosophy suggests that social reward equals correctness.  You think freedom is evil and control is justice.  Your economy, your money, and your authority will reflect this (and does, you have no idea that you've gotten everything you've asked for), and history has proven time and time again that you are the one that will get fucked in the "arse."  I at least see it coming, shit I saved all of my money from the 2008 crash because any Austrian economist with half a brain could've seen it screaming down the tracks like a herd of bulls.  
The dumb shit you believe is what murders millions of people all around the world and you don't have enough self reflection to stop and look at it outside of your own perspective.  Please invest in your centralized, government cure-all society.  I'll be buying put options and soak up all your money when the shit hits the fan and you act surprised.
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:41:59
np :)
@_date: 2016-10-28 13:48:18
Her *lack* of control is all she is worried about.
@_date: 2016-10-26 02:42:33
Keep beating that horse.
@_date: 2016-05-11 02:56:44
RemindMe! May 10th, 2018 "Is Bitcoin Dead yet?  What's your excuse?"
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:45:41
Because they had already set in their minds that there was going to be a block size increase and that we could get block size increases continuously to have practically free transactions forever.  
In addition, both SegWit and Lightning are really difficult to imagine.  It took myself a *lot* of reading to get a really clear image of ithem both.  The subtle changes and subsequent massive consequences are as difficult to picture as Bitcoin originally was for many people.  And when some already have a built in resistance to it ("its not the bigger blocks I wanted") they never take the time nor the energy to properly assess or understand it.  Compaints and anger are *far* easier and more emotionally rewarding in defense of their desired "bigger blocks."
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:33:28
I'm forming an opinion under the claims given:  
- They have a very popular classified ads website with posts for escort services.
- Some of these escort services may be involuntary. (maybe they found specific involuntary sex trafficking, but they make no claim to have either discovered or arrested these *actual* criminals)
- They have arrested the CEO of Backpage and shutdown the site, claiming they will never allow "sex trafficking" and that this is abhorrent behavior.  
- I don't think running a classified ads page is a crime.  
- I don't believe posting escort ads *should* be a crime.  
- I don't believe they have made the least progress toward preventing sex trafficking or sex slavery by shutting down one of thousands of avenues for classified ads... which practically *all* have sex services in some form or fashion.  
- They haven't given any evidence to suggest Backpage committed a real crime. Only that other people did, and used the Backpage website to advertise.
This is my attempt at an "angst free" version of what I got out of the article. Maybe there is terrible evidence that makes this guy look like a freaking monster.  But I haven't heard anything yet, and considering speculation of guilt and alleged criminal activity is almost never treated with constraint, I'd be willing to venture there isn't much else.  This guy was probably arrested because there were classified ads for escort services, and the words "sex trafficking" and "sex slavery" were used over and over in an effort to distract people from the fact that they just arrested a guy for running a classified ads website.
You are absolutely right however, I'm not giving them the least benefit of a doubt.  Too many government agencies have long abused away any benefit they ever deserved.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:18:31
Yeah, could definitely be a good learning opportunity.  If it wasn't signed publicly and posted on the blockchain, then it isn't legit.  Plain and simple.  Bitcoin continues to show its insane utility. Satoshi, dead or alive, is still the only person who can prove who he is.  That's just awesome.
@_date: 2016-10-05 16:38:42
I can feel gravity releasing its pull on me as we continue closer to the moon.
This is gentlemen.
@_date: 2017-05-05 18:03:00
You obviously don't understand how it works.  Saying you are "locking bitcoins" by putting them in a channel makes about as much sense as saying you are "locking people" in a car.  You put coins in a channel so that you can send them faster, more securely, more privately, and far more cheaply than if they are an old wallet using normal transactions. 
To get instant, secure, private, and near free transactions, while simultaneously scaling for 100 + million users, there is absolutely, unequivocally nothing that currently holds a candle to The Lightning Network in accomplishing that as quickly and cleanly as possible.  Having 20MB blocks is practically a joke in comparison and will take longer, fix far fewer things, still have stupidly slow transactions, will scale to 1/100th of LN capability, and cause far more problems while the network experiences a heavy drop in node count.  
You call LN "a nightmare" because you have put as much thought into it as the people who dismissed Bitcoin at $1.
@_date: 2015-11-13 01:26:22
How do free people pick a common moderator, an escrow agent, or an adjuster?  Not only is this task not difficult, it happens all the time.  Choosing a dispute arbiter is the same process. 
I'll give a simplified scenario regarding how a private court system could work, but keep in mind that this is a non-argument.  Neither of us know exactly how one would work but this has no influence over whether or not its possible.  In the same way that I might not know how to make an insurance agency works or the intricacies of an ipad, I would be foolish to claim they cannot exist or would fail miserably simply because i don't understand them.
That being said, a private court system would largely be nothing more than a contract enforcer.  Punishments and/or dispute recourse are detailed in open contracts between parties.  The courts would succeed based on how well they do this.  Both parties to an arbitration (just like an adjuster or escrow) would pick a court based on reputation.  If some rich corrupt guy picks his buddy corrupt court, then the other party says "no, I want trustworthy court 2."  if they cannot come to an agreement, then no trade or contract is signed.  Done.  If they can come to an agreement, then a contract is signed and both parties will resolve any future dispute using the court they mutually agreed to trust.  If one party does not fulfill their side, then, according to contract, the court has the right to enforce the decision.
Under this system an untrustworthy or corrupt court would last about as long as an ebay seller that never ships packages.
Law is slightly more complicated but still not difficult to grasp and history is full of naturally arising common law standards.  Law would be far simpler and would arise based on common practice and behavior.  Too many people make the mistake that a free society is somehow one without rules, this is the exact opposite of true.  Rules are the foundation of society itself.  It's a standard of behavior.  A free society is one with open rules but *no authority.*  There is a lot of history of [law without government monopoly.](  
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:35:45
How is every bizarre move immediately manipulation and why does such a claim never require any evidence, but instead is just obvious, because someone doesn't understand it?  Nobody has a fucking clue what's going on, that isn't evidence.
What is actually happening is that shorts reached huge levels and when the price started ticking up it created an avalanche essentially.  If someone came in to buy and pushed the price up $30, it may have hit enough short liquidation points that they had to close their positions, dropping leverage from the market, and raising the price another $30, which triggers and even larger pool of shorts getting rekt.  This continues until market participants soak up the volume and try to regain some stability by closing profitable long positions.
Understand, none of this is manipulation.  And even if someone came in with $2 million and saw the opportunity of possibly creating this cascading effect, **that's also not manipulation.**  This is simply how price discovery works in a speculative market.  *every* participant has access to this information and the order books. Buying/selling based on what that information indicates is *exactly what all traders do.*  The fact that a wealthy player is able to cause a greater effect also makes it *equally more difficult* for them to *exit the market and keep their profits.* But these are inevitable consequences of normal trading behavior, *not* manipulation.
You only broadcast ignorance by jumping in here blindly claiming someone is committing a crime because the price made some crazy volatile move like it does practically once a week.
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:19:50
No, using decent data to combat baseless claims and massive logical leaps. 
@_date: 2016-05-05 18:17:08
This ^ 
A much more succinct and nicer way of putting it than I did.
@_date: 2016-05-18 14:01:50
I guess you are referring to SHA256 since you didn't specify.  So yeah, it's a widely used encryption algo known to be secure which the core Bitcoin protocol uses.  It happens to be one of multiple different cryptographic methods and systems used in the Bitcoin space.  in fact being a good cryptographer means you are *less* likely to try and reinvent something that works perfectly fine.  It means you are discovering new, secure ways to apply that tech.  Any elementary cryptographer knows an encryption scheme is only proven secure by years and years of trying to defeat it and many different minds working on it.  Creating a new one where the standard isn't broken is a foolish endeavor.  This was exactly the concern raised when debating the new libsecp256k1 validation from Peter Wuille.  People feared messing with known, secure cryptography.  Their fears were quelled after thorough explanation showed the underlying security was not changed, but the process of verifying it was just made far more efficient.
I've not heard anyone, anywhere in the Bitcoin community claim that Satoshi invented asymmetric cryptography.  I've even done a search through the entire subreddit and bitcoin talk forums and can find no mention whatsoever that even remotely resembles such a claim.
@_date: 2015-11-12 13:15:34
If I cannot fund my defense, then im astonishingly more likely to lose the case.  Then their "freezing my funds" is justified by default.  Such a system would be using authority to prove the power of authority and little else.  Justice or correctness would have nothing to do with it (as if it has anything to do with it now).  Being "maybe" guilty is beyond irrelevant, in fact it should be purposely NOT taken into account because they are innocent until *proven* guilty.  
A serious case, take Ulbrichts for instance, can cost along the lines of $30,000 a month or more.  If there is any suggestion that even "part" of a persons assets can be frozen, such a power would be so brazenly and disgustingly abused that it would obliterate the last remnants of any kind of justice system we still have.  
I genuinely mean no offense, but giving the government (check that, letting the government *take*) that power is a terrible fucking idea.
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:58:54
So I just went to r/Buttcoin for the first time in about a year.  Still covered in ponzi scheme comments.  The post linking back to this thread is pretty telling in and of itself.  It's full of nothing but responses of how unsuccessful I am, "omg the cable guy has spoken," "lol worthy," Worthless tulip butts, "these retards," "butters gonna butt," and so on.  The whole thing is nothing but jeers, I don't quite get what discussion you are defending.  
My flair on my other account is actually "warning I am dumb" and not "dumbass" as I thought.  I must have simply remembered this incorrectly because I am pretty sure the multiple times the moderator altered it that he used the same wording each time.  I don't see any reason why he would have downgraded the insult.  And after reading the posts again I'm very reluctant to post anything as I'm sure it will just get linked to and I'll get downvotes for pages and pages of unrelated comments.  Which has happened before.  
I seriously cannot see how I would benefit at all by posting comments and giving an avenue to be linked to, downvoted, and jeered at some more.  I certainly won't make you believe anything if half of the current posts on r/Buttcoin isn't evidence enough.  And honestly I'm not that worried if you believe me or not.  R/Buttcoin has rarely ever believed anything outside of what it wanted to.  
So yeah I'm not linking to anything.  If that means you don't believe me then whatever.  I'll survive. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:11:52
I'm aware of all of that.  As I said:


I know all about Federal Reserve requirements, how money is actually created and the fact that the vast majority of what's in circulation is essentially counterfeit currency.  I know the history of it, the reasons for it, and the many many times it's been attempted and wasn't successful.  I would argue that I know far better than you do the reality and extent of it.  None of this is new to me and it's not an argument against using a payment network, no matter how intrenched it is into that broken system...
... Which is exactly why I value and use Bitcoin all of the time.  But I'm not going to pretend that this huge network, fundamentally broken or not, doesn't exist.  I have to use it, so I use it as sparingly and little as possible.  My Bitcoin debit card makes that possible.  If if collapses, I won't have my money tied up in it.  If it doesn't, I'll still be able to buy whatever I want with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-19 12:30:03
Ideology.  People have always been vocal and "proud" I guess you can say about their ideologies and worldview.  And no matter how many people scream Bitcoin isn't ideological, it was deliberately built and inspired by the sort of "crypto-anarchy" ideology.  To see the failures of our current monetary system is a very Libertarian thing.  So like any political/social movement, it is typically highly promoted by the surest believers of the change they are hoping to inspire.
It's far more akin to putting a  bumper sticker on your car, constantly talking about being vegan, promoting environmentalism, and so on.  Bitcoin promotion could generally be better described as belief in free-market digital hard money and pairs nicely with the views that inflation is theft, taxes are a net negative, and so on.   so it really shouldn't be that surprising that someone might wear a Bitcoin hat but would be unlikely to have one promoting their toilet paper ;)
@_date: 2017-05-20 03:04:07
... you literally could not have more imaginary and nonsensical criticisms.  I don't know what made up code you are talking about but if you want to run off and make your dumbass Trumpcoin go right ahead.
@_date: 2017-05-25 20:54:43
If a user or business running a node felt a recent client version introduced a change they did not agree with or felt was harmful to the protocol, then they would not go out of their way to download and install the updated version.  Doing exactly that, updating their node software to support SegWit, is implicit support for that software. Otherwise there is no reason at all to install a new version, as the old versions are not incompatible in any way.  
Put simply, installing SegWit software absolutely implies SegWit support.  Believeing otherwise makes no practical sense and requires searching for an excuse.  Occam's razor (the simplest explanation is generally correct) suggests a person that installs software neither hates, fears, nor opposes such software.  The only reason to dismiss such an obvious and simple correlation is because it doesn't fit a desired narrative.
@_date: 2015-11-13 23:03:12


This is untrue.  A single large buyer is far less influential to a market than millions of small buyers.  This is why the vast majority of the market is catered toward middle class.  Apple hasn't become the biggest computer company by selling $50,000 computing machines that can blow everything else out of the water.  They sell $400 and $500 devices that millions of people can afford.  
This is also assuming the market will be similar to today's.  You make the mistake of taking the current legal insanity and bad culture around it and applying it to a different incentive structure.  People are not rocks, they adapt their behavior to different environments.  The number of lawsuits in big business are a consequence of terrible copyright and patent laws, high amounts of contradictory legislation, and complicated regulatory processes.  People don't want to spend their money and lives fighting bullshit claims in court.  The market would be incentivized to make the process as quick and efficient as possible so businesses and people can deal with their shit as fast as possible and get on with life.
You also seem to assume prices, wait times, paperwork, fees, and lawyer structure would remain the same.  500,000 pages of legislation = expensive, complicated, and unbelievably slow.  What company would spend the years it would take to write that much crap, while their competitors open their doors by the way, just to make it too complicated and confusing for anyone to understand?


Why?  This is what happens in our current system yes, but this is where the customer *legally* does *not* have a choice.  A market has absolutely zero incentive to abandon the largest demographic of normal people from accessing a service.  Do you regularly get turned away from a store? Why would contract arbiters not adopt largely the same practices as insurance adjusters or mediators?  The insurance company cannot force an adjuster on me, I can even hire my own if I wish to dispute their quote.  What keeps this from being the simple truth of an arbitration market as well?
@_date: 2015-11-30 03:51:36
Under my belief, I have extended you every freedom.  You have the right to your opinion, you have the right to fund or help the poor in however *you* see fit, and I will do the same.  I am not so arrogant or insane to believe that I have the best and only way to help others, or create a better society.  It would be ridiculous for me to believe that I can spend or build better things with your money than you can.   
Your belief on the other hand, extends no such courtesy to me.  I have no freedom to believe in a different means or way to help others.  I'm assumed to be dumb, greedy, and undeserving of freedom or ownership.  And you have *eagerly* supported stealing and coercion to take what I have earned under my own labor.  
If we disagree under *my* belief system, I can either keep trying, or must walk away and treat you like a human.  
If we disagree under *your* belief system it makes no difference.  Because I don't have the right to my own opinion.  And if I believe differently, well I can just go fuck myself because you have *explicitly* indicated you are willing to treat me like *a slave and your property* in order to accomplish *your* goals.
Which means that this is not a debate, this is you claiming you are right, and irrespective of my argument, you will force me and everyone else who disagrees to pay for your ideas anyway.  If you take the key words away this is the same argument for every religion, prejudice, and tyrant throughout all of history.  You are no different under the surface, you have just painted yourself a different color.
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:36:39
Haha, my friend said it made them have to pee.  I've had a few people mention it so i might scrap it.
@_date: 2016-10-07 01:44:25
Tomorrow we will just arrest the CEO of Craigslist!  Stop all the crimes!
Edit: &gt;“It is currently the single largest purveyor of Internet sex ads in the United States, and Backpage.com’s profits from this line of business register in the millions yearly.”
This is the claim they repeatedly make, which I don't doubt for a second.  *Of course* they have sex ads on their website, they run *classified ads.*  If Backpage was secretly trafficking and funding *actual* sex slavery, (which i unequivocally find immoral as Im sure you do too), I bet it would be so plastered throughout that article it would be impossible to escape.  But that isn't the case.  They simply try to equate, through repetition mostly, ads for escort service with *sex slavery.*  Which is such a logical leap that it is not **my** responsibility to prove, it is *theirs* to claim violence is an acceptable course here.  I don't have to prove anything.  Where is *their* evidence that Backpage.com has acted to directly fund or cooperate with sex slave trafficking?  Because all I read was that there were ads for escort services and "some of them might be involuntary."
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:08:16
InB4 "Without government who would do all the research and science in Bitcoin?"
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:14:53
That has not at all been my experience.  Nearly every interaction I've had in the past at r/Buttcoin was full of insults, mountains of downvotes, and unbelievablky snide jeering and demeaning comments.  And I wasn't rushing over there to be all high and mighty either.  I went in with excitement to explain simple statements that were just inaccurate  (like how coins could just be wished into existence among others) and hopefully answer questions.  Then I was immediately bombarded, not for speaking down to someone, but for the sole reason that I said some thing that wasn't outright negative about Bitcoin.  
Maybe it's different today.  But that place was poisonous for sensible discussion the times I was there.  In fact, after trying to correct someone on a simple inaccuracy the moderator changed my flair to say "warning: I'm a dumbass" and trying to change it back didn't last long.   I literally never once insulted anyone in any of the discussions I had up there. I tried hard to be calm and accurate which clearly didn't do much good.  So forgive me if I don't believe you.
@_date: 2016-10-14 16:58:49
So weird to see a desk without a screen and a keyboard.  Looks empty.
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:03:33
There are 33 connections on the Paycoin network.  A distributed ledger only needs one person to exist and two people to make transactions.  There will likely be tens of thousands of worthless distributed ledgers that exist all over the world within very small communities.  The comparison could be made that a sharing network can be as small as 3 friends sharing media or have hundreds of millions of devices on a BitTorrent sharing network.  But the existence of a really small network with little value does not mean Apple's network is "fake."  
So Paycoin versus Bitcoin existence is as irrelevant as my LAN versus Google.
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:08:12
Ah, didn't read the article regarding the degree of integration, mostly responding to the title. Still pretty awesome though, big step in the right direction.
@_date: 2016-10-24 15:21:06
If you could even apply that analogy this specifically, which I don't think works at that level.  But if you are, Sidechains and lightning network would in no way be a form of LAN.  Both would create open global networks just like bitcoin.  LN has a routing layer to bridge across the internet. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 17:36:23






If  is true and VISA owns the network then  is only as final as VISA says it is and transparency is *highly likely* to be about as reliable as the promise of transparency from every presidential candidate since forever. (aka horseshit)
For  signed and cryptographically linked transactions are not what grant immutability.  They make up one part of a three part system.  And apparently those other parts are not there.  And again  makes the promise of immutability no better than VISAs current promises of secure transactions with the credit card network.  
And  should be largely self-explanatory to most in the Bitcoin space.  We have literally millions of *trusted* networks.  Who cares about another one?  The entire banking system, the credit card system, the stock market... it is *all* trusted networks.  The value of blockchain and Bitcoin is the ability to create open access and transparent *trustless* networks.  If they still have to vet every user, then businesses are just signing up for another VISA service and nothing has changed.
@_date: 2017-05-11 18:24:28


In other words, I fully expect Bitcoin to do what it has literally always done.  Massive run, big fall, another run, another fall, rinse and repeat.  I agree, your prediction is historically sound. 
@_date: 2015-10-10 11:48:53
This is not so at all.  The escrow agents have to be picked as well.  OB1 as I understand will start out offering themselves as an escrow agent until others join the market.  But it will be a service like any other with a small fee.  Only the most trustworthy and highest rated agents will find success in such a trust dependent situation.  The merchant is *not* the escrow agent... well unless you want to use them I guess, but then you've not really got "escrow."
@_date: 2016-05-20 18:20:36
In my mind limited supply and scarcity are the same thing.  im not referring to it being temporarily illiquid in a market or in high demand.  I simply mean the economic usage of being finite in amount.  The degree of that scarcity (amount) is easily predictable.  There are many factors however outside of simple supply, that have a far greater effect on market availability and therefore the price.   These are factors that markets in general have to account for and have little to do with Bitcoin having minor supply loss from dust being left in unused accounts. 
 This is what I was trying to explain if I didn't do it clearly.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:34:24
Yes they are, but due to first mover advantage this would likely be adopted relatively quickly.  It allows for confidential transactions which are *massive* data hogs on the Bitcoin network for achieving privacy but are far more easily managed on the side chain.  It is critically important to consider what this offers when making the simplistic and honestly rather silly claim that the size of Bitcoin blocks has anything to do with the use case of Liquid side chains.


This is an instant settlement layer between exchanges that creates an additional advantage for users to have significantly improved security and essentially a "partially hot" place to store coins that doesn't have *anywhere near* the risks of leaving them on exchanges, and yet can be near instantly sent to or from any participating exchanges without slow block confirmations or fees.  
The layered approach has always been the most secure and viable for scaling, decentralization, and an insanely broad range of features or specific use cases. Consider that if *anything* goes wrong it is isolated to the liquid chain, like sand boxing on your computer. Whereas the reckless model of Ethereum, (the DAO) literally resulted in a *fork of the entire network* when a serious bug arose.  The layered approach prevents this from *ever* being necessary while simultaneously taking the biggest Network hogs off-chain with the added benefit of broad new feature sets limited only by the imaginations of developers.
This is a seriously exciting development IMO.
@_date: 2016-10-27 19:31:33
Stop remembering!
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:08:26
Actually there is a ton of evidence that much of it was fabricated. For the absolute most critical piece of the puzzle, the agent who was embezzling, extorting, and threatening other users to get Bitcoin, had **full administrative control of the site, including the DPR account.**. This was considered by the judge to be "inadmissible" because the case was not about the corrupt agents, but the admin of the site.  Which either shows the judge is the biggest idiot on the planet, or is as corrupt as the police agents involved.  The fact that there were thieving, threatening, violent criminals in control of the entire website and the investigation, means the entire case, by any reasonable consideration, literally *could not conclusively be judged.* There is no way to prove one way or the other because of the actions of multiple corrupt parties who had access and control equal to Ross Ulbricht.  So unfortunately, you assessment is entirely incorrect.
@_date: 2016-05-10 18:00:38
These guys are persistent.  I can't believe r/Buttcoin is still a thing.  In another decade what do you think their excuse will be for Bitcoin still existing? Will it just be that the whole world is so stupid that they just unknowingly give value to worthless tulip butts?  The power of stupidity and all that.  
I imagine it will be like the 80 year old customers I deal with who endlessly spout the worthlessness of the Internet as I troubleshoot their VoIP landline phone service and refresh the IP address on their cable box to get the Free On Demand to work again.  Then they pay for the call using their credit card.  
Any given call has a customer indirectly using the Internet like 6 times, lol.  I imagine buttcoiners doing the same thing in 10 years.  Grumbling about how their debit card holds *real money* and how he will never use that stupid Buttcoin... As their card sends their purchase to the overseas account of their local grocery store via a web of global Bitcoin payment channels.  Then that transaction clears in about 5 seconds and sends him/her a coupon on their smartphone that's actually a counterparts token so they can ensure only loyal customers get discounts and the offers can't be counterfeited. 
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:16:32
The key is that there is no value lost.  The value is simply shifted to medium still in circulation.  So the only actual cost is to those who abandon/lose the small change in old wallets or accounts. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 03:02:50
Well I guess I can agree with that.  The card is stupidly expensive after looking into it.  I think I have like a .5% with the card I use but nothing else.  Certainly not a monthly fee just to keep it.


After many many trips to r/buttcoin, sensible arguments have been *very* hard to find.  It's been a while since I've made a visit I guess so maybe its changed.  But the vast majority of what I've read in the past was even worse than some of the most religious pro-bitcoin circlejerking that you can find up here. 
@_date: 2016-05-13 13:45:30
And yet you give no reason that this isn't the case.  Look at their records, look at their past work, the improvements they've made across the board in software and tech.  Do some actual research if you disagree with that statement and give a reason why.  You make the claim that what I've said is clearly crazy and yet you seem to know nothing about it.  Saying "Jesus" like I'm nuts isn't an argument.
Who are the Devs currently contributing the most to cryptography right now?  Who is developing multisignature validation?  Who is speeding up the process of encrypted validation at a 2x-5x rate over current Internet wide implementation?  Where is private accounting reserve verification made possible?  What companies in the mainstream economy have cryptographic security that even compares to the standards in the Bitcoin space?  For fucks sake Google, Yahoo, and Hotmail got hacked for 242 million accounts that were saved in*plain text* on their servers.  These are industry leaders with pathetic excuses for security.  Where are these wonderful cryptographers if not here where advances, new techniques, and better systems are *actually* being developed?  Please point them out to me.
@_date: 2016-10-29 20:36:34
I assumed sarcasm at first but also realize that many people don't spend the 4 hours per day reading about Bitcoin and all of its many ongoing debates and upgrades like I do.
A good overview of it [here](
Segwit = Segregated Witness.  Basically it is an upgrade that takes the signatures connected to every transaction, and allocates them separately. Signatures separated aka Segregated witness.  It allows for a much broader scripting capability and changes how blocksize is measured, essentially giving an increase to a 1.5-2mb blocksize as far as transactions go.
The page I linked to spells out the many other benefits it grants and/or that come with the upgrade.  It mainly sets the stage for an ecosystem of second layer scaling and privacy solutions, as well as more complex smart contracts and the like.  Exciting stuff IMO. 
@_date: 2016-10-07 12:33:34
Truly sorry, no offense to you and your kind :(
@_date: 2015-11-17 00:44:38
I read the entire post and it works under the foundational assumption that telecoms are somehow in this "free unregulated" zone that is causing their monopoly, not once does it discuss the effects of the current state and federal government partnerships that cause the problem the commenter suggests is fixed by larger government power.  And then does so with explaining why incentives would encourage higher bandwidth and lower prices.  Price controls have historically never led to a higher supply of the service or product.  Yet he says this exact thing, that if they enact price controls (without using those words of course) the service will be cheaper and more abundant.  Yet we have example after example of the exact opposite occuring.  
Trust me, I've heard the argument that without government the world would be in chaos a million times from a million different perspectives.  The comment you linked has no information I've not heard before, and yes I read the entire post.  Re-learning the mountain of history that is simply ignored by school was the first thing that began to make me realize government has not been the savior it has claimed to be my entire life.  I recommend reading Henry Hazlitt's [Economics in One Lesson]( for a place to start.  Simple and intuitive foundation for thinking about how price manipulation or printed debt affects a market.  
Maybe read the first 6 pages of [Anatomy of the State]( if you just want a no nonsense argument investigating what is the government actually is.


There is no silver bullet, but there are fast and slow ways to solve problems, and then there are ways to make them worse.  It is always dependent on the incentives and rewards of the system.  And no matter how you cut the cake, government has a disastrous incentive structure.  As anyone with a pair of eyes can see, it benefits big business and gives [impossible returns on investment for corruption.](  It rewards the powerful and fails almost universally to punish the corrupt.  A "better" president cant do shit to fix this without a torrent of backlash that will end their career overnight.  Corruption has grown and gotten out of control in this country for a century running.  Where are the CEOs in jail?  When the country is leveraged to many multiples of its productivity, where are the incentives to save and be frugal?  The government has worked tirelessly to worsen the problem at their benefit and our cost.  These are vast foundational problems that take decades to come to fruition and cause societies to collapse.  Something that so many fallen societies in history would teach except that our schooling ignores the monetary causes and policies that destroy countries... likely because they look so much like our own.
Government has wrapped its fingers around every facet of our lives and culture.  So many people focus so much on authority rather than argument, on position rather than morality.  The frightening majority of people excuse horrible abuses by police or politicians and chastise the average citizen for being rude or challenging someone in power, as if it warrants a vicious beating or having their rights ignored.  It has been co-opted by every big corporation because it is designed to be bought, and it created a culture of vicious backstabbing businessmen that focus on a game of debt trading, political power, lobbying, and lawsuits.  All a result of the incentives of the system.  There is no special fix to *any* of our problems, which is exactly why government is a fraud, because *every politician promises you that more government power, whether for war or social control, is the solution.*
@_date: 2016-10-12 15:44:15
You must mean *Gina
@_date: 2015-10-10 15:05:07
This was my **exact** statement:


I never called Ebay decentralized, I said it competed **in** a decentralized market (*the internet*) where anyone can start a website and anyone can visit whatever website they wish.  And it had to compete with all the other online retailers for proof that they were trustworthy.
The word "IN" is a preposition.  The word you are are thinking of and keep saying is "IS."  "IS" means "to be" in third person singular.  I said Ebay was IN a decentralized market.
@_date: 2015-10-10 13:59:43


Yet Silk Road itself and Ebay/Paypal both have to independently build trust.  You cant just assume because there is a website that you can trust it.  Not to mention you can't rate the "Silk Road" its completely based on word of mouth and other forums describing their experience that the trust in that market was built.  Being centralized doesn't lend it anything in the way of trust.  In fact it leads to shit like the "exit scams" you mention.  Which can't happen in OB outside of individual transactions.  The incentive to do that when you have direct control of millions of bitcoins is **Way** worse under centralization than decentralization.


This would be true of all marketplaces, but is not the case when buying online.  I buy from sellers all the time with 10s of thousands of good ratings.  That's how i choose my seller.


Scenario.  I suggest escrow agent   Rating is 98% positive, a few disgruntled buyers some have low ratings, some are normal buyers.  Seller disagrees and suggest Escrow   No rating, no history.  I refuse and suggest escrow  with 99% rating but fewer transactions.  Seller refuses and says will only go with Escrow  *then I wont buy from him because he is obviously scamming me.*  People actually agree on mediators, escrows, and middle men *all the time.*  It is a perfectly simple thing to accomplish and both sides, *if they are there for legitimate buying and selling*, will easily agree on a trustworthy agent.  If they are trying to scam then there will be a conflict... but that's because they are trying to scam people and then *they wont sell anything.*  At least I wont buy from them.  
There are literally countless examples showing that markets work just fine.  ebay grew huge because it competed in a decentralized market against other online retailers.  It proved to be good for both the merchant and buyer and a simple reputation system kept independent agents in check.  There is no reason to think a more decentralized system wouldn't work even better. 
**** Edit TL;DR  Saying a decentralized network for merchants wont work because incentives will tend toward scams without a central authority is comparable to saying the internet won't work because there is no central authority to say who can or cannot make a website.  There are plenty of online shops competing with each other on a decentralized internet to be a trusted middleman.  OB is a decentralized network to directly connec buyers to the merchant without middlemen fees.  Merchants will compete to be the most trusted in order to obtain success.  It will likely work as well as the internet did except that it gets the added bonus of a decentralized and independent reputation system for every merchant. Something the internet wasn't lucky enough to have.  We had to *hope* websites were trustworthy and had to give them all direct control over our credit card info to make a purchase.  It was just anarchy!! ヽ(｀Д´)ﾉ
@_date: 2016-05-06 20:04:04
True you can use budgeting with multiple bank accounts but how long does t take to set those up?  Actually lets race, I'll set up a new wallet, you set up a new bank account, lol.  Obviously it's possible with banks i personally just find it super annoying.  
Also anytime I'm buying at a company that accepts Bitcoin directly I always use that too.  Most of the time, unless it's over $100 or so I have it right in one of my phone wallets.  So freaking easy to buy using Bitcoin that way.
Here's to positive price swings so we can both get decent vehicles :)
@_date: 2015-11-04 17:14:54
I was just thinking this before reading your comment.  Why the hell, if you were insolvent, would you pump the price higher with a fake bot that would encourage people to withdraw an even greater amount of money when you already can't cover deposits.  That whole Willy stuff faking the price increase just never made sense to me.
@_date: 2016-05-18 14:06:27


I agree :)
@_date: 2016-05-12 12:11:51
Of course the underlying algorithm is the same.  The network itself is actually much more optimized, has seen a significant decrease in orphan rate, (which is exactly what's needed to make larger volume possible), has a huge improvement in the math needed to validate both blocks and transactions, (one that makes SSL look slow, which the rest of the Internet uses) and has the foundation in place for higher level scripting... All of these improvements have taken huge amounts of time and extensive testing before they can be rolled out into a live network.  None of this is visible in your wallet, but they are huge improvements that make a significant difference with how efficiently and effectively the protocol itself does its job and has decreased the work it takes to do that job well.
It's not nearly as hard to use, because 2 years ago I probably used it for 2-3 things in maybe 6 months out of frustration.  While today I *literally* use it 3-4 times a week.
It's not as risky to the user either.  Just look at any chart that measures volatility.  Volume is much higher and price swings are not nearly as violent as they were in the past.  
Half of those buzzwords take many many years to build the underlying technology and then they have to find a proper implementation *and* be specialized to a market.  That's like saying "decentralized BitTorrent style media sharing" has failed because someone thought it up in 1995 but it wasn't implemented yet in 1998.  Lightning, tree chains, side chains, tokens are all decade long development projects.  And the foundations that those systems need are being rolled out as we speak.
I think you are just not looking very hard because it's very easy to kind of glance at something and pretend you know exactly what's going on.  There are literally thousands of people, arguably some of the best cryptographers in the world, working their asses off to develop for this technology.
Edit: spelling, words
Removed 'facepalm' because patronizing and unnecessary. Sorry
@_date: 2017-05-25 00:48:35
I would consider *Covert* ASICBoost a vulnerability but not necessarily ASICBoost in general.  Specifically because it results in an advantage (a likely copyrighted one) while  the network *does not know* that they are using it.  The whole concept of Bitcoin is about open consensus in that all players know everyone is *playing by the same rules.* Covert ASICBoost represents an undermining of the "even playing field" and should be fixed. Particularly if it results in incentives to not include or verify transactions in your block. 
@_date: 2017-05-20 03:29:46
This is absolutely no different than claiming "satoshi can just come back and make a billion coins!"  Lightning is **just a multisig address!** What do you not get about that!?  It is beyond simple and your claim is so absurdly impossible that I don't even know how to respond.  There is no way to confirm a transaction with fake bitcoins.  That reality is not changed, altered, or even *remotely touched* by how lightning works.  It **never** uses some new token and it is absolutely **impossible** for it to do so and for the exact same reason you cannot send fake bitcoin to me.  
Making Trumpcoin is certainly possible, but it has not the slightest thing to do with any code of bitcoin, SegWit, or the lightning network. 
@_date: 2016-10-16 16:35:15
I can say from experience this is the case.  The best approach for me has been to simply show/tell people that I use bitcoin regularly and have a debit card that I can simply fund with BTC like a bank account.  *Then* talking about the technology and what it could mean *only* if they inquire further.
Another fun thing I do is offer to give them some bitcoin if they download mycelium or bread wallet if they are interested.  But more importantly, after I send it, (let's say I give them $5), while standing in front of them I open my Circle app and buy another $10 to replenish ;)
@_date: 2015-10-12 04:30:17
Starbucks coffee, about 5 hours ago.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:39:36
In other words, withdrawal everything from Coinbase or you might lose all of your coins if it turns out they follow the losing chain.  At the very least you will be giving them *your* coins on one of the two chains.
Edit: also need a clarification. Are they referring to BitcoinABC or BIP148 as a UAHF?
@_date: 2016-05-14 13:26:18
Who the hell asks how to earn 3 cent?
suspicious look
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:55:56
The point of the anti-FUD episode was specifically to hit the points that are extremely common and still repeated despite being nonsensical.  As I stated, addressing any and all concerns is beyond the scope of a single article or podcast and wasn't my intent.  There are clearly a ton of engineering challenges to overcome for a fully fledged protocol, and as the network becomes massive, routing will indeed be a serious hurdle.  That's one of the benefits of internet routing, is that routers do not need to know the full path, just the routes immediately connected to them.  With Lightning, in its current implementation, each node needs to see the entire network, or at least the vast majority of it.  Which despite scaling vastly better than information and transactions stored in the underlying blockchain, still hits a serious wall as it requires a ton of information.
I still intend to address many more immediate concerns and considerations that Lightning has to face in future articles/episodes, but this was meant to be an introduction and to clear the most basic and ridiculous claims against it that only require an overview of how it works to judge their merit.
I'll keep this post for later as I collect other arguments to address further down the road.  Thanks for the criticism.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:39:52
The entire cryptocurrency market cap is currently at $69 billion.  That is the number I am referring to.  IMO, Every coin will fall if Bitcoin splits.  
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:07:13
It's only been petering out to someone who isn't using it or hasn't heard about it on the news.  Bitcoin is insanely more useful and is working wonderfully for me.
Not an hour ago I sent money from my mycelium wallet to my coinbase account and then spent it on Chik-fil-a for my lunch.  2 years ago I would have had a hell of a time doing that.  I do a quarter of my finances entirely in Bitcoin specifically because it *has* grown, it *is* easy now, and it works just fine.  Hasn't "petered" at all for me.
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:51:38
Not Gavin's fault Australia steals from them ;)
@_date: 2015-10-25 16:44:59
I can only see that being the case if another trustless, decentralized, and open source digital money takes its place.  Which would only take Bitcoin's place, not be co-opted and controlled.  
There will be innovation that happens on an open blockchain that simply cannot be done on a closed, proprietary system.  You can't get around that.  And there is no centralized system that can compete with an open network of development.  If this wasn't true, the internet would never have succeeded.  The internet has forced change and new competition into nearly every industry in the world in the last 3 decades.  The amount of wealth that had interest in keeping the internet from growing was astronomical.  If there *was* a centralized way to out pace decentralized networks, it would have been discovered by now.  
Bitcoin may not succeed.  But there *will* be a dominant decentralized and open value transfer protocol on the internet, and it *will* force as much change in the financial system as the internet has changed for phone, fax, and media.
@_date: 2016-05-11 03:09:17
The shift card has a $10 initial fee but no fees on any transactions.  Looks like this card is pretty ridiculous.  Not worth it at all, there are definitely cheaper alternatives.
@_date: 2017-07-05 05:23:39
Sigh... and yet they have zero control over coins so what "power" do they gain?  If "banks" did something as ridiculous as setting up thousands of Lightning nodes, it only results in them *having* to provide a service for a tiny (and extremely competitive) fee, without the ability to loan, manipulate, chargeback, have fractional reserves, cook the books, or make *any* change whatsoever to the multisig script unless the user *wants* and specifically requests them to. LN does *not* introduce any mechanism for control, it *increases* privacy through default onion routing, and there is *no third party risk.*  
Take a minute to read about how Lightning actually works.  It is an extremely nuanced technology with a great many benefits and is elegantly defended against any third party control or risk.  It is as complicated to grasp in full as Bitcoin was the first I heard of it.  You are doing yourself a **massive** disservice if you continue to believe something so horribly foolish and uninformed as "LN will lead to bank takeover."
[Short article to get you started.](
@_date: 2017-07-17 21:17:57


[No it isn't.](


Then they don't have to use them, that's the nature of an open network implementing backwards compatible and opt-in upgrades.


An "URGENT" problem that suddenly vanishes after thousands of transactions per block disappear from the network within days of a scaling agreement?  Call me skeptical.


[• Instance of LN actually running and alpha release in January.](  
[• And here's another on Litecoin.]( 
Lightning has actually seen *far more testing* than the very HF you are pushing.  So the false appearance that your principles include "giving even a partial rat's ass about how thoroughly code is tested" puffs into a cloud of vapor when you turn around and support **a completely untested and blindly rushed HF that doesn't even have code yet.**  So I know you actually don't care at all about how "tested" LN is.  It is simply an argument to support your bias, that you abandon when judging software that strokes your opinion.
@_date: 2016-05-06 21:48:03
Came here to give an explanation, but I think u/Elder_Yautja did a pretty good job of it so I'll just say welcome to bitcoin!
@_date: 2016-05-12 12:22:57
Because this is r/Bitcoin and Bitcoin is not broken.  It has always been scalable and a huge number of developers are finding many different ways to accomplish that scaling.  Bitcoin is not any harder to fix than any other digital currency.  There is nothing about ethereum, lite coin, or dogecoin that could fix bthe most problematic scaling issues.  The scaling problem is a huge and multidimensional problem.  A shorter block time or larger block size would have just as many problems As Bitcoin if we tried to dump current volume onto those other chains.  The orphan rate would skyrocket, it could cause unintentional forks in the network, and even transactions that see 2 or 3 blocks might get dropped and have to reconfirm.  Scaling a huge distributed network is not a simple fix.  The current roadmap is actually a brilliant solution and allows for many different solutions to be tried at exactly the same time.  Which is how and why it will likely succeed.  In the same way the Internet and the Web did.
The supply of digital currencies and the supply of fiat currencies and the supply of networks in the world can always be unlimited because anyone can start their own.  It's the nature of the foundations that build hem, they are open, available, and can be copied.  This has nothing to do with the scarcity of the currency units within those networks. 
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:36:01
How did I compare anyone in the Bitcoin community to Craig Wright?  And what on earth does my response to what I considered to be a misplaced and arrogant judgement of someone who was scammed have to do with conspiracy theories?  
Edit: rereading and I think I get what you were trying to say but it sounds like you are reaffirming that point I was trying to make.  Maybe I wasn't clear.  I completely agree that "many people in the community have shown their working in the most public way."  That's what I was getting on the original commenter about.  Suggesting that he is standing on their backs and yelling at Gavin like he's the idiot, when it was other's due diligence and expertise that allowed the poster to even know CW was a scam artist.
Or are you saying my appeal to authority comparison isn't exactly accurate?  I guess I could maybe agree with that.  Trusting one dude who is deliberately secretive about his "proof" versus many articles and many peoples contradictory evidence about something might not be the same.  But there is little fundamental difference and certainly not infallible.  I'd argue there are millions of people today who vehemently boast and have plenty of poorly sourced statistics and "science" or hundreds of articles to support an opinion that is provably wrong. 
An appeal to authority is just as easily committed by one as it is a million. And appealing to many authorities versus just a few is still an appeal to authority.  
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:26:53
 I was referring to what *buttcoiners* might argue in the future if Bitcoin continues to be successful.  The line you quoted was largely sarcasm and I was not making an argument for how many people used Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-24 13:27:35
This is actually untrue.  For multiple periods during American history our money was in very limited supply and experienced price deflation.  Technically we still experience it a lot today in industries with incredibly high rates of product improvement.  Technology being the most obvious.  The effect of a computer losing 80% of its sale value after being 3 years behind current models is effectively the same thing as your money becoming more valuable over time measured in computation.
The period from around 1870 to 1900 was actually thought for a very long time by mainstream economists (those who grew up on the "inflation is good" mantra) to have been an enormous economic depression.  Because in their minds price deflation is a bad thing and only comes during a recession and the subsequent credit crunch.  Yet this only became true *after* the fractional reserve system, when money began to be issued as debt.  Suddenly there is more debt in the economy than actual monetary reserves and the consequences of deflation (when money can actually evaporate suddenly through a market wide default) are multiplied to a dangerous degree.
However when you measure the standard of living of the average person, the working productivity, and the cost of essential needs... The 1870-1900 period could arguably be considered the single highest period of sustained growth in American history.  Standard of living has never before or since increased so rapidly.
It is not radically new because it was how currency was naturally adopted into the market.  The whole point of it was scarcity and limited supply so it could actually measure the value of the economic trade rather than having to adjust to changes in its own value due to counterfeiting.  It was governments, banks, and other centralized parties who saw how easy it was to cheat, what unbelievable power it granted them, and how easy it was to justify while being incredibly difficult for the average people to see or understand where they were losing purchasing power.  The people just blamed the store owners for raising prices, and thereby granted the government more power to stop the problem they were creating.
TL;DR This is not at all a new thing in history, limited supply is something we have many examples of, and markets have again and again been able to easily account for change in monetary supply, either increased, decreased, or fixed.   
Unfortuantely, nearly every historically significant shift in monetary control and the rise and fall of national banking systems is universally ignored in the American education system.  It's all replaced with dates, names, and locations of the wars and conquests fought by *_insert political figure here_*. 
@_date: 2016-10-07 14:48:45
I don't know if I agree with the "for money" sentiment here.  I kind of think that it *does* make it worse.  Think about it, murder in a moment of passion or due to an intense sense of revenge for a perceived wrong-doing is at least an attmepted justification in the mind of the murderer.  Still terrible, it shows they have a reason, no matter how poor, for feeling death is suitable response. 
If someone is killing for hire, it suggests they have no moral code or consideration for their victim.  This will not be fixed by a 10 year prison sentence.  They have no regard for life in general.  I feel that should get a harsher punishment, because we want that person removed from society for as long as possible.
Clarification: Referring to the individual who *sells* their services for murder and commits the actual murder. 
@_date: 2015-11-19 16:43:51


Thats exactly what an economy is.  Coordination through voluntary exchange.  Government is only "coordination" for the people who agree with what they are doing, for everyone else it is force.
If I threaten you, forcing you to give me $1,000 and then I spend it on my own goals or projects, I have stolen from you correct?  What if I get 20 of my friends to threaten you and take your money?  If you refuse we gather our guns, break down your door, slam your face into the ground and then cattle ranch you into a caged building where you are numbered and punished for your insane idea that you own your money.  This is still stealing is it not?  At what point does that change?  A hundred people?  A thousand?  At what point does it become "government coordination" instead of outright theft?
The contradiction that you so blatantly excuse without any basis whatsoever aside from the number of people involved in your criminal ring is pretty glaring.  


What!? No it's not, fraud is a crime. It's stealing from someone through deceit rather than direct violence.  Liberty isn't an excuse to steal from people, its a foundation for voluntary interaction and requiring that if you want to do something *you **cant** steal or defraud someone in order to pay for it.* which is the method *you* support, not me.


Exactly, it's a result of a vast, immeasurable cooperation between people who voluntarily work toward bettering their lives.  It's because I built a desk using the traded talents of the guy who invented the bearing that turns my saw, the steel beam that held the roof of the shop, the stove that cooked the food I bought, the skills, talents and hard work of literally millions of people going back centuries are required for me to do everyday tasks.  It Requires an astounding cooperation between millions of people just to get me to work every morning.  *the prerequisite to this trade however is **property.**. You cannot trade something if you don't have some form of ownership.  Without it there is no care to maintain it, and no incentive to trade the labor required to make it.  To eliminate trade is it destroy the very foundation of that economic system and subsequently destroy the wealth and comfort that accompanies it.  Look at a wealth, health, life span, and standard of living chart and the correlation with the Liberty index.  There is no clearer trend to be had in how society is organized.
You are exactly right that the system creates wealth, but that system is not government.  Government doesn't create anything.  When it takes my money it doesn't do so with a voluntary trade, I am thoroughly hurt and my life is basically forfeit if I refuse to give it to them.  Then they use the vast majority of those funds to bomb and hurt people elsewhere in the world.  People I have no quarrel with and would never voluntarily use the funds to go murder.  The government doesn't trade anything, they *take it.*


And here is the foundational problem of your belief.  You don't know what a *right* is.  A right is not *granted.*. A right is something you have until it is taken.  It is what you have when you are naked and alone in the woods.  What reality gave you when you came into this world.  You have Liberty, life, your own labor, your body, and your mind.  you do it have a right to water, it is something you have to search out and acquire, you do not have a right to shelter aside from your own arms, you have to build it.  A right is not something you desire or need, it is a foundational aspect of being a living autonomous organism.  


Says the guy who has done nothing but call me hypocrite, ignorant, foolish, and closed minded.  You have extended neither a branch nor a piece of bark.  You keep telling me that it's voluntary coordination to be forced under threat of pain, humiliation, and violence to fund the things that **you** think is important at the expense of **my** labor and life.  I have suggested no force or coercion in return.  I simply *dont want to pay for the wars, the economic disasters, the criminal corruption, the money printing, the fraud, or the bankrupt programs of the political class*.  And your explanation is that "we are all getting together and being happy and coordinating things."  And your final excuse for the theft is that I'm not smart enough to spend my money for myself.   You claim that because you believe the "correct" belief, the theft is justified to further *your* goals.  This.  Is.  How.  Every.  Tyrant.  Ever.  Justified.  Their.  Rule.   it is a logical fallacy that creates a ruling class that subsequently beats into everyone's heads that they are the source of order and cooperation in the world.  That without the government forcibly taking our money, we would have no rights and all the dumb people would be wasting their money.  Who are the dumb people?  Everyone who doesn't believe what the political class believes, that's who.  you feel as if it's cooperation because you don't disagree with it, it is tyranny to anyone who sees the money, the labor, the time, the sweat, and lively hoods of good people being squandered on endless wars, financial cheating and manipulation, corruption, and a massive never-ending political game show to convince the people that it will change *next year.*  That is *not* Liberty and it is *not* where rights or security come from.
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:13:46
The judgement of Gavin is ridiculous.  No one is immune to Being scammed.  In fact, the more trusting and honest a person is, typically the easier it is to scam them.  Specifically because they are likely not to judge someone just because they are awkward or go about things differently than they themselves might have.  
Gavin saw someone sign a transaction in private with a known Satoshi key, albeit a fake one, but to him it likely looked fully legitimate.  He didn't have the time or the information to even check it until CW posted later the falsifiable version on his blog.  Someone asks him what he thought and he said, "yeah it looked legit, I think he is Satoshi" and the whole community destroys the guy.
It's super fucking easy to judge someone when you have days to let *other cryptographers* pick apart CW's "proof" and then so cleanly explain in simple terms how and why it should not be trusted.   The mountains of arrogance of some of this community who not only would *very* likely have been scammed themselves, but stand high-and-mighty on the backs of other people's skills and diligence to catch the scammer in his lie is embarrassing.


I love how you say this while clearly not realizing you are relying on others authority and nothing but their word in your belief that CW was a fake.  Unless of course you took his signature, cryptographically found the trick he applied, and proved for yourself mathematically that he never had the keys... Or maybe you are just repeating what a bunch of *other people* commented on the Internet as if it's your own opinion.  
@_date: 2016-05-14 20:05:39
Whew.  Way too overdramatized for me.  The video is well done, but a bit too "forced importance." Bitcoin has grown a lot, and is indeed an awesome technology. But I don't see the banks scrambling to figure out how to deal with it.  I still think we have a few years before the time comes that Bitcoin really poses a risk to legacy systems.  
The market for Bitcoin is not having much effect on other currencies or threatening bank profits as of yet.  I see it as more that the banks are slowly bleeding out by their own actions, but they are injecting themselves with so many drugs that they can't feel or figure out where the damage is coming from or how to fix it. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 14:37:19
Did I say something about r/Bitcoin subscribers only making sensible arguments?  You are arguing against a position I don't hold and did not intend to imply.  I just said r/Buttcoin has a *lot* of nonsense, it is comparable (arguably worse) to the religious devotion to Bitcoin being the cure to all economic ailments, and yet almost universally thinks that they are "so much better than those stupid Bitcoin idiots."
The vast majority of the discussions I had on the subreddit never received a more complex response than a cheap insult, passive aggressive sarcasm, or "Bitcoin isn't even real you stupid libertard." 
@_date: 2016-05-20 16:37:44
If the loss is from normal dust transactions then it shouldn't see huge shifts, and the scarcity as a whole is perfectly predictable by the protocol.  This makes accounting for Bitcoin in circulation not incredibly difficult.  Price deflation on the other hand will likely move far more due to other reasons.  Therefore any long-term contract should have something in place for such adjustments.  This is done sometimes with insurance contracts already.  If it's expected, it isn't hard to adjust for.  
@_date: 2017-05-06 12:22:19
So 6 *whole* people made an agreement and that wasn't enough to change the whole bitcoin network? /s
Fun fact, the soft fork SegWit blocksize increase *was* them holding to that agreement.  They found they could accomplish the same increase as a soft fork instead and it had overwhelming support from the development community.
@_date: 2016-10-27 04:15:36
To be fair it isn't all a bunch of altcoiners.  But there definitely are some who seem to want to feed the division, possibly in hopes of having a HF undermine the mining hashrate and community of bitcoin.  Thereby making altcoins appear to be more valid as an alternative.
@_date: 2017-05-02 18:54:46
By no measure of the word can you call the data presented as "misleading."  It *may* not present the entire picture, but it absolutely reveals a *critical* inaccuracy with the Disney-cartoon-level Blockstream narrative.  The data presented isn't the whole picture but it is not even slightly misleading.
**The claim is that the Bitcoin Core client and software is controlled and has been taken over by Blockstream,** yet looking at basic commits to the software and the work that has been done on it shows that a majority of improvements come from people unrelated to Blockstream.   
In other words: the claim is stupid, baseless, and false in every sense. You only reveal your own stubbornness and bias by trying to nitpick at the data which does nothing to back up your absolutely absurd belief, but only aims to try and limit the damaging effect of the data, which proves the claim wrong whether it be a perfect or *even mild* representation of the truth. 
@_date: 2016-05-07 17:14:56
This is beautiful!  It shows that communication in network is more streamlined and better optimized than it ever has been.  And that it continues to improve.  This IMO is a very significant measurement in regards to the stability of Bitcoin as a whole and can lower the stresses or uncertainties during future improvements.
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:20:25
yes, but it does this the same if the adjustment is down or up. 
Bixin is claiming that the difficulty adjustment will *decrease* immediately upon loss of the hashrate, but will only *increase* once every two weeks.
Meaning, Bitmain can pull their hashrate for 10 blocks so that the difficulty drops by 80%, then jump back on and be making 8MB blocks every 2 minutes until the difficultly adjustment.  
This screws up the inflation schedule, it screws up mining incentives, and creates a way to game the system.  Which they can do again right after the next adjustment.  I did not know this until this post and haven't confirmed, but its pretty horrible.
@_date: 2017-07-22 02:44:22
I told you that saying "look, VC funding" isn't nearly a base for an argument, which is what you just did again.  There are *tons* of excellent companies with VC funding.  And I think trying to work off of "fees" by holding back Bitcoin is stupid, short-sighted, and any real businessman with even an elementary glance at the cryptoconomy would know it would be hilariously ineffective.  There are *a thousand* cryptocurrencies, and you think some evil VC funders think they can stop this entire industry from scaling by preventing 2MB blocks on Bitcoin?... really?
PS, I've been in Bitcoin since 2010 too.  That's also not an argument.
@_date: 2015-10-10 14:38:42


no they aren't because there is less incentive for profit.  The darknet markets had exit scams because there was so much bitcoin under their control.  stealing $50 is generally not worth the risk.  Stealing 1 billion is a bit different.  Not to mention OB isn't anonymous so you can just report them.


I could make the exact same argument for centralized and decentralized money.  Decentralized means there is no direct access for corruption. Do you think counterfeiting is more of a problem with dollars or bitcoin? 


Ebay has to compete with Amazon, Overstock, and a million other ratilers.  It is smack in the middle of the largest decentralized network (we call it the fucking internet) and it competes with every other merchant in the world.  The fact that you cant see that comparison is mind boggling.  Either you are just being willfully ignorant or you are insanely foolish for somehow believing all trade will collapse unless there is a guy with a stick sitting in the room.


Its ok I'm done too, you have been rude, stubborn, insulted me multiple times, and ignored a million examples of decentralized competition on the internet that works just fine.  Your bias that trade is evil and markets are shit unless centrally controlled is all too obvious.  Not even sure why your on r/bitcoin.  I tried to be civil with you and actually just explain my position but your insistence on being a fucking jerk on top of the fact that you are an idiot makes me not give a shit anymore.  You don't deserve a reasoned explanation.  Please god, don't use OB when it comes out.  I'll be glad to know you aren't up there.
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:17:30
My flair on my other account is still "warning I'm a dumbass" because I moderator changed it after I corrected someone on an inaccuracy.  Forgive me if I don't believe you.
@_date: 2015-11-12 17:06:40
The risk of corruption and tyranny of the former is far greater if anyone has ever read a history book.  There are plenty of thieves and crooks on the loose already.  Hell, many of them are probably influencing the decision on whether they should have basically full financial control over anyone they seek to prosecute.  To have a few guilty fall through the cracks is a far better outcome than a government that can pick and choose who can use their money and who can't.
@_date: 2015-11-30 03:37:22


No it's not.  It's done at the behest and desire of the political class, who picks their enemies, and then convinces the eager and gullible public that country whatever is the bad guy and to preserve our way of life we must go destroy them.  


Oddly enough this ridiculous argument is almost *exactly* the kind of scenario you claimed would occur under some "free" society.  But it seems like it was a *bad* thing under freedom, while here you use it as a means of beating your chest by not so subtlety telling be to "continue licking their assholes and doing what they say or get the fuck out."
Here my property rights are expendable and irrelevant to support the political class, and you say it proudly.  You will create exactly the society you don't want, specifically because *you* ignore that which *actually* helps people.
Liberty, by nearly any standard, has the absolute greatest result in helping the poorest people, and there is literally no exception to this.  The more free the country, the better off the poorest are.  
@_date: 2016-05-06 21:53:38
Just nit picking but he typically goes by "Bob" Murphy not "Rob."  His name is in fact "Robert" so you aren't actually wrong.  I just thought I'd say something in case you didn't know.  Good talk though, I've not heard it before. 
@_date: 2017-07-13 21:19:25
90% of hash power and ecosystem both explicitly states and signals support for SegWit.  Jihan absolutely, unequivocally refuses to implement it in the fastest, safest, and most compatible way, instead stubbornly wasting two years of our time and requiring that if the whole ecosystem wants an upgrade, they are going to get his useless hard fork shoved down their throats... 
So yeah, without question, this entire mess is Jihan's fault.
@_date: 2015-10-10 12:40:18
He is comparing it to Silk Road specifically because your first claim that it wouldn't work was about buying "from anonymous sellers without charge backs?"  He was addressing the clearly demonstrated fact that, with reputation systems, anonymous markets can work just fine.  He never said anything about the merchant being the escrow agent.  His only other claim was that (again by Silk Road's example) we can see centralized escrow services work despite being more susceptible to corruption, therefore a decentralized market for escrow would likely work even better.
Disgruntled customers *always* leave bad reviews... why would this make reputation based escrow not work?  If your claim is that scammers will just spam bad reviews, well buyers will have ratings too.  It will be pretty obvious if someone is just trying to scam everyone.


Random people can't review, you have to engage in a transaction first.  


What the other user and myself are trying to convey is that we have witnessed a healthy and trusted market develop from an escrow service that is closed, centralized, and completely anonymous.   So why do you believe, as I'm understanding it, that it will turn into scammer paradise when the OB market is open, decentralized, and escrow agents are in *direct competition* with each other under an even more secure reputation system? 
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:05:17
lmao, will do.  I had a few other options in mind anyway for an intro tag.  The reason I chose that one was to coincide with the coffee mug I had in my icon.  
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:31:58


There was nothing unclear, you are stretching for a reason to see the commenter as bashing poor people to support your desire to see the entire r/bitcoin "character" as lacking empathy and good will.  You do so because if those who disagree with you are just evil assholes who laugh at poor people you already know their arguments are invalid. 
This would be referred to as 'ad hominem.'
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:12:59
There is zero way to prove he was behind those chat logs, his language use was very different, and the corrupt agent who had been doing that very thing, threatening, extorting, and stealing from users had administrative access for months to the entire website, including DPR's account.  There was no other time in which DPR showed any similar behavior.  If you believe he tried to have someone murdered based on the insanely unreliable and contaminated evidence presented, then I'm a bit at a loss.
If it had been so simple and straight forward, with provable logs, then by what possible sense does it make to drop charges and not even try him for it.  It was used as a political bludgeon because of how difficult it would be to prosecute him to the full extent simply for a website.  If they could make uninformed people like the general public, and yourself, believe he tried to murder someone... then no one would give a shit that he was put in jail for never having harmed a soul, and never having held an illegal substance, and never having trafficked in any product whatsoever. He created a *network,* and *other people* used it.
@_date: 2015-10-07 02:20:07
And... what would you compare it with?  They are all open source, decentralized protocols.  
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:34:40
Ok let's look at their points:
A) buttcoiners are euphoric
false, this thread is nothing but negative drivel about how debit cards are the devil dragging us into the past and Bitcoin is freedom.
B) free, yeah right, what about all these fees.
Well duh, it's a service, but generally, at least with all the debit cards I've seen so far, you have to pay around $10 to buy the card.  In this case you don't have to.  If it's a bad deal then who cares, it's just a bad deal and alternatives should be used.
C) not sure if there are any other points being made other than Bitcoin is dumb tulip mania.
Literally no explanation could move them from this view of Bitcoin. So any explanation I construct or analogy I present would be an infuriating waste of time and energy.
All the debit cards I know of basically sell Bitcoin and act as a fiat card for the customer.  This has never been something that is a secret or even confusing to me.  I don't understand how people act like this either wasn't the case at some point or is somehow a revelation.  And honestly I don't care whether they hold Bitcoin or fiat in my "debit account."  As long as I can withdraw Bitcoin into a personal wallet of my choosing in the time it takes a transaction to confirm, and I can send Bitcoin and spend it in the time it takes to get 3 confirmations. Then I'm happy.  How they make the backend work is irrelevant to me.  I'm using Bitcoin on *my* side of the equation and that's the only functionality I want or care about.
@_date: 2017-07-17 06:47:52
He was probably busy shitting his pants.
@_date: 2017-07-07 12:13:37
That's such a horrible analogy.
@_date: 2017-05-03 03:08:48
Doesn't matter if you are on any side because I'm debating your claim of "flawed logic," which is inaccurate.  You evaluated the post's logical assertion by pointing out the obvious caveat that commit *number* doesn't necessarily equal commit *significance*, thinking you've revealed something that refutes the point.  But that complaint is almost entirely immaterial in the debate, because it does nothing but represent the always existent margin of error.  It doesn't change *what the data means*, it affects the *degree* to which you can apply it.  So it isn't "flawed logic," it is merely *an obvious lack of specificity built into the data.* 
@_date: 2017-07-22 18:45:34
I don't doubt there are plenty of completely genuine people who have the "big block" mindset.  I had it myself for a while until I decided not to believe the opposition was just a bunch of evil tards. So I agree it is unhelpful to just think an opposing opinion is malicious.
I don't think a majority of big blockers have any ill intent whatsoever.  My curiosity is why there seems to be an orchestrated and consistent campaign for competing clients that don't have much logical thought process or even consistency in methodology.  It just seems random for the sole sake of getting rid of developers and little else.
The fact that there is a global effort by drug enforcement to involve themselves in and infiltrate the darknet simply worries me.  And prevention of anonymity measures has always been a key goal of security agencies and law enforcement.  So it seems perfectly reasonable to wonder what exactly they are up to and who they may be seeking help from. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:17:35
They key is for businesses to use a federated system that doesn't require very much trust between participants and can achieve confidential transaction for large exchanges plus instant movement between exchanges.  
Not to mention that it comes with the added benefit of being more secure and less centralized than the current alternative of having your funds entirely held and secured by the exchanges.  Instead, users can hold their own funds on a sidechain wallet that can instantly and privately swap between all participating exchanges and know there is no single point of failure to worry about.  It could take a significant portion of purely speculative Bitcoin transactions and trading and keep it from bloating the block chain until users/businesses want to integrate it back for normal use/spending.  If they are only trading however and trying to arbitrage between exchanges, they get a more private, federated sidechain with instant hops to and from major exchanges.  
If you aren't speculating and/or trading regularly, there is neither any reason nor any use of Liquid designed to benefit you anyway.  So it makes sense that you wouldn't want to use it.  If you *do* have a bunch of money on exchanges, then this is a serious step toward *better security* and *less* third party risk.  Right now if Bitfinex goes down (and you hold Bitcoin with them), you are screwed.  With liquid, that's no longer necessary.
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:43:41
15-20% efficiency increase is the estimated benefit of ASICBoost.  Therefore, that's the number I used and can assume.  It would be dumb to assume any other number seeing as it's the only data point to work with and the nature of covert ASICBoost is *covert.* 
For your second point, I use Bitcoin daily, have been doing so on an increasing basis for years.  I have two separate debit card accounts, I have hundreds of wallets and a plethora of Bitcoin software on 3 different computers.  I've setup both a Monero and Bitcoin node in raspberry pis despite them not currently running. I've tested every single wallet on iOS and still have about 8 of them on my phone. I still have not purchased a trezor despite wanting one.  I have 5 different USB sticks that keep encrypted backups. I put a set percentage of every paycheck into Bitcoin and have paid many very high fees to continue using it.  In the recent run up I've made a great many purchases with Bitcoin which I will not go into detail on Reddit.  
I bought my first Bitcoin at $1.72.  I have read near 30 or so white papers for crypto proposals and probably have watched/listened to 1000+ hours of podcasts, debates, and explanations of Bitcoin related topics over the years.  I was once a big blocker and both supported Bitcoin Classic and for a while thought the basic idea of Bitcoin Unlimited was a fantastic solution (until I learned specifics of how it works and now consider it the worst Bitcoin scaling option to date).  I have made multiple infographics to explain different proposals in simple terms, SegWit included.  I write articles and do audio reads of other articles in the cryptocurrency space and have kept up with news and development across the ecosystem almost every day for 6 years.  I literally use Bitcoin everyday in some form or fashion... So I hope I didn't make you look like an idiot by destroying your ignorant presumption that I don't use Bitcoin or know what I'm talking about because I support SegWit.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:42:04
I'm curious what you imagined... was I yelling loudly and fist bumping in the air when I finished typing my comment? Lol.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:24:09
True, but clearly no one has his keys yet.  If you protect them, they are yours.
@_date: 2016-05-10 15:32:22
Well yeah but no one should be looking at a ten day chart to decide whether we're in a bull market or not.  Looking at the last 6 months tells a very different story.  Which I'm inclined to think that's where the "bull market" sentiment is coming from.
@_date: 2016-05-24 15:41:36
You are not misunderstanding.  This is true but in comparison it happens to be one of the periods of the tightest monetary supply in recent-ish American history.  I say "fixed" as a simplification because in comparison to what we think of as limited supply today, it may have well been.  There were multiple avenues however that money was technically being issued into circulation, just at a historically low rate.  


Absolutely, the Federal Reserve wasn't a new thing from that point of view.  It was simply the most bold and thorough takeover of the national currency.  There of course were the First Bank of the United States, the Second Bank of the United States.. and on and on.  This is a small part of a multi-thousand year old feud between money as a tool for the user and money as a tool for the issuer.  Sorry to so simply pose the Federal Reserve as some singular historical event.  That's my bias against what stupidity they do today coming out.  You are right, and i am grossly oversimplifying it.  I can list 10 or so off the top of my head to make the implication untrue.  money has for as long as it has existed been in some degree a form of tokenization.  Gold and silver are hard to carry around, it's why fiat still largely resulted in a net benefit despite the myriad of new risks it posed. 
I've not heard of the Paupan Moka exchange before but there is apparently a documentary about it.  Thanks for the tip I might take some time to watch it this week.  
in a simplified case, the money of the late 1800s was relatively stable and very limited when comparing to other significant periods in American history.  This resulted in higher predictability in economic calculation as well as having price deflation giving a more accurate measurement of increased market productivity.  But the detailed truth is, as you suggest, far more nuanced than such a simplification.  All history generally is.  
The broader point I was making still stands: the market adjusting prices to meet a shift in either increasing or decreasing supply is not something that is new or unfamiliar territory.  There is always an adjustment period, but I see no historical examples (except under *heavily leveraged* economies or monetary systems) in which limited supply and price deflation would be a net negative.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:32:56
Holy shit... this is big news.  Legacy investment service doing direct integration with Coinbase.  This bubble is going to be absolutely insane.
@_date: 2015-10-18 23:22:56


So much of this article is operating under insane assumptions.


Who is fighting OpenBazaar?  OpenBazaar is not a drug market, its *just* decentralized.  Not to mention is completely open and has done nothing even remotely illegal.  This article literally equates 'decentralized' with evil, illegal, and "hazardous."
@_date: 2016-05-06 19:18:12
Control, speed and versatility (after you learn it of course), easy and automated means of saving, and that bull market.  
These are the reasons I do about a fourth of my finances in Bitcoin and use my Bitcoin debit card on a regular basis.  I have different wallets to budget for different things.  I have savings wallets for future purchases I intend to make with different difficulties of access.  I intend to buy a car in the next few years and whenever I feel I have a few extra bits, I'm throwing them in there. I have a strict "lunch money" budget that is a coinbase wallet linked to debit card.  In addition I have a frivolous expenditure wallet, also in Coinbase. Bitcoin is useful as shit if you learn how to use it.  Doing the equivalent with my bank is largely a pain and saving in dollars feels pointless... Or at least not nearly as satisfying as with bitcoins.
(Husband tip: It's also how I buy birthday and Christmas presents so that my wife can't see how much I spent or where when checking the bank account.  Otherwise she can guess what present I've gotten her. Her birthday is next month and I'll likely be spending $600 at Apple.com... Not that hard to guess if I used our joint checking account)
@_date: 2017-07-22 01:49:08
• Because some of them have been cypherpunks and cryptographers since the internet became a thing.  
• Because some of them literally worked on, built, or were heavily involved in many internet standards that we use today. 
• Because most worked for free, without any paycheck, for an incredibly long time on making bitcoin more secure, private, and efficient. 
• Because none of those priorities have changed, and their main method of scaling adds in onion routing by default and essentially hides *each individual transaction* from *everyone* but the immediate person you transact with.  
... and most importantly
• Because there are a lot of people and policing agencies right now who are extremely concerned about *stopping* financial privacy more than anything else.  
• Because Jeff Sessions just had a huge press conference and in just the last few days there has been a massive global police effort in taking down and infiltrating the darknet markets.  The *top 3 sites* were all taken down in the last week and Hansa had been used as a honeypot for over a month.  
I have to have an actual reason to think they are compromised or working against what Bitcoin stands for and "look, VC funding" isn't one.  To me it looks like they have worked diehard to ensure security, privacy, and independence are the *only* priority.  
In contrast, from the "big blockers" I see *nothing* coming from them or "alternative" developers that even show they care one iota about privacy, *one of them owns and operates a blockchain identity analysis company,* and the only scaling they are even willing to *consider* is if it is directly on-chain which will ensure addresses can retain their ability to identify and link users.  If we scale in layers and in application specific sidechain/drivechain networks, that connection between user and specific addresses will become murky.  
TL;DR  I think the major players pushing the scaling debate were interested in slowing down or stopping privacy measures, and merely used the differing opinions on scaling to lure support.
@_date: 2017-07-16 23:57:36
I believe both would occur probably within 3 months of the event itself. Either a split or normal activation.  I honestly think the entire market could triple the recent peak if SegWit simply gets activated by majority hash power and remains compatible with BIP148.  
And at the same time, if Jihan remains belligerent and refuses to activate SegWit "his way," we will see the entire idnustry market cap plummet to under $40B or possibly lower before beginning to recover. 
I honestly think we will just get SegWit, mostly because I think anyone holding or mining Bitcoin would be a complete idiot to risk the latter scenario over *which client* activates the same damn software that almost everyone is signaling support for right now.  I guess we will know in a few weeks how stubborn some people can be.
@_date: 2017-07-10 19:24:09
[Btcdrak github contributions](  
He may only have "zero legitimacy" in your mind for the simple reason that you believe anyone who disagrees with you has "zero legitimacy."  But you might be sitting by yourself in a little world where all value is measured by its proximity to your own probably ignorant and highly over-valued opinion.  Btcdrak writes code and contributes to projects on a very regular basis. 
I can safely assume you have no idea what you are talking about if you think Peter Todd and Btcdrak have no value in the Bitcoin space.  Both of them are highly skilled developers who are responsible for keeping your Bitcoin on a super low latency, and highly optimized consensus network that has had essentially zero down time for the last 4-5 years.  No doubt the clients I assume you support can't boast the same accomplishment.  SegWit2x actually bugged out *today.* So I would say btcdrak was just validated in his opinion.  So how much should I value yours?
@_date: 2016-05-12 12:12:29
Omg I've eaten so much popcorn in the last few weeks I'm having digestive problems.  I'll definitely concede that point.
@_date: 2016-05-12 18:45:12
I guess we are talking about different things then.  Centralized currency has been the cause of so much distrust, corruption, manipulation and control throughout history that I don't see our current system as CDs while trying to replace it with VHS.  I see it as the telegram network being replaced with a young and not yet scaled for mass adoption TCP/IP.  A closed, permission based system changing to an open, decentralized one.  If you can't see that value in Bitcoin then I can clearly understand why you see no value at all.
That is a much different and far longer discussion so I guess we can just agree to disagree.  If you are interested though you might enjoy reading about the history of currency manipulation and how it corresponds to historical wars.  A fascinating image of history appears when you realize all of the largest wars could never have been funded with taxes and ultimately were a battle between central banks/governments printing their currencies for greater control. There is no control in human society like the monopoly power to *make* money.  It is the means to all our ends and I don't think you should so easily be complacent with unlimited power in the hands of a tiny group of central bankers.  But that's just me.
@_date: 2017-05-20 01:55:42


Except that it doesn't at all, because Segwit increases the blocksize, and making a claim that smart contracts, and payment layer scripting "resembles the fractional reserve system" just shows you know absolutely nothing about how it works.  Let me put this simply:
Fractional Reserve requires a third party to act as mediator and to hold the funds.  LN keeps funds totally in the hands of two agreed peers with neither able to take the others coins and all updates mutually agreed upon.
Fractional Reserve runs on debt assumed to be paid back with no Reserve to fully cover it.  LN is **unequivocally and fundamentally the exact opposite of this.** A LN channel is essentially a contract with absolute *proof of reserves,* of an *already confirmed multisig transaction,* with a pre-signed *insurance* transaction exchanged that upfronts the **entire balance** of the channel (both party's coins) as collateral against any attempt at fraud, with a built in time lock to challenge any one-way broadcasting to close the channel.
So LN is Blockchain pre-proven reserves, with **no** intermediary whatsoever, peer to peer, open source, *insured,* instant, nearly zero cost, chained, decentralized payment network.  Your completely and embarrassingly incorrect claim shows how little you know about either the problems of Fractional Reserve or even an elementary understanding of the technical workings of the Lightning Network.
TL;DR You clearly have no idea what you are talking about and are merely repeating what someone else told you. The "fractional Reserve" claim is the most blatantly and provably false FUD nonsense you could have come here peddling. 
@_date: 2016-10-29 15:05:32
Here you go kind of proving his point lol.
Don't assume what kind of person someone is because of their politics.  For example: I spoke with a 60+ year old man just yesterday who was a Trump supporter and he asked who I was voting for.  I said I don't watch reality TV and he laughed pretty heartily.  Then I casually asked why he supported Trump and his response was, "because he is an asshole."
I paused for a second and said "is that a good thing?" 
"Absolutely, because he isn't going to listen to a damn thing Congress says.  He is definitely a jerk, but that's how you know he isn't just a puppet like everyone else.  With Trump as president, nothing will get done, because Congress will hate him and refuse to pass anything he wants to do, and he hates Congress and won't let them just pass whatever they feel like."
I was actually kind of floored by his argument. Because it was perfectly sensible.  With Trump as president, we might actually get a standstill government, which is, honestly, exactly what the country needs.  A government that can't get anything done.
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:49:54
helpful... the intent was to get a discussion going because I'm curious if anyone has additions or arguments against any of the points.  
@_date: 2015-10-10 20:46:49


This is actually a really succinct and good explanation of the business cycle.  And its just 3 sentences... I'm probably gonna use this later.  
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:40:02
The usability, number of users, and integration of Bitcoin is a measurement of its success and growth.  Not how much you've heard about it on the news.  
You said "adoption has been contracting," "petering out pretty hard since its inception," and "the market itself is shrinking."  There are easy to find indicators and charts that show the exact opposite of all of this.  Not to mention you are referring to *only* wide consumer use as general payment, which I don't even think is Bitcoin's major use case.  Maybe in the distant future but it's a waste of time trying to sell it as an everyday currency despite the fact that I personally like to use it that way.  The dominant use case right now is a hedge against economic problems and investment.  
My thinking is that the next major use case will be international transfer and eventually large settlement.  Again, none of this would be easily visible to the average consumer for the same reason there is a multimillion dollar settlement company your bank uses that I've bet you've never heard of.  The fact that average consumers don't show much interest is not an indicator of its success or failure anymore than Its an indicator for Linux's success.  If you didn't know a majority of the Internet runs on Linux.  
I think your view of Bitcoin dying or "petering" is simply a result of not knowing where or how to measure it.  To me it's far more robust, can handle a far greater number of users, has far more services built on it, has continued investment, continued transaction growth both on and off chain, has broader development, and is still widening its practical uses from merely sending money over the Internet.
This was always a long haul technology.  adoption was never going to be fast because the thing can't even handle a huge number of users as is.  But the foundation is still there and is being prepped for serious growth down the line.  It may still be a few years before a significant use case sees very wide implementation, but just because a technology's potential hasn't been met doesn't mean it's dying.  I seriously can't think of one indicator that suggests Bitcoin is in a worse situation than it was 2 years ago outside of falling from the price spike.  If you have some statistics or charts that show something different I'd be very interested to see them honestly. 
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:42:32
Good point. I'll work on the intro to shrink it down to only what's needed to make it recognizable and give some sort of context for new listeners.
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:57:47
In reality, the debate was about a hard fork or a soft fork, which are two different ways of implementing the same thing.  SegWit is a blocksize increase, a 2MB HF is also a blocksize increase.  One doesn't break the network, one does. 
It started as if the debate was, as you show, about a 2MB blocksize and scaling.  This suddenly changed when some core devs figured out how to make SegWit into a blocksize doubling *and* do it as a soft fork.  Suddenly, the same people who loved the idea of a 2MB *hard fork* (Bitcoin classic), were angry that we could get the same scaling (in addition to other improvements) but would instead do a *soft fork.* (SegWit)
It then just went from one crazy proposal to another and the only requirement or consistency in the proposals were that it breaks entirely with the current consensus rules.  
In short, it seems much of the "big blockers" didn't care what kind of hard fork they got, they just wanted a hard fork.   
@_date: 2017-05-02 01:33:37


There are plenty of funds tied up in altcoins, roughly 40% of the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem.  Much of that money could flow back into Bitcoin if a clear path for massive, global scaling was established through SegWit adoption and its implications.  
In addition, there is a constant flow of new money dumping into the entire ecosystem at a steady (and increasing) rate.  A serious Bitcoin rally would divert away from altcoins, taking the new money that may have found its way to ethereum/dash, while simultaneously creating another round of media hype as people are baffled by the fact that the stupid Bitcoin thing is still around.
Honestly, I think the adoption of SegWit could easily double the price of Bitcoin.  And it could likely do a lot more seeing as this debate is literally holding Bitcoin back from an ocean of scaling and many other added benefits.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:56:42


If you think people aren't trading around this protocol change, then you are blind.  


Traders care about the price.  Investors care about long term scalability and security.


Core is literally one of the only teams right now making layered, decentralized, and secure payment systems.  The bitcoin industry is asbolutely full of off-chain, centralized payments.  An estimated 80-90% of transactions happen in centralized databases on exchanges and wallet services.  That means that making the blocksize 5 times as large only allows them to dump some of those transactions back onto the chain and we are right back where we started.  But that comes at a massively increased resource cost to secure the network from cheating and censorship.  So instead, most of the core developers have been working on payment channels and layered scaling approaches that will accommodate *all of the current* off-chain payments **and** put the control of the funds back into the users' hands.  
Understand, if lightning becomes the norm within exchanges, between cryptocurrencies, and throughout bitcoin services, [we could likely see the end of Mt Gox level hacks where enormous amounts of bitcoins are stolen.](  Those "off-chain solutions" that you scoff at will be a greater increase in privacy and decentralization than 10x the blocksize could ever be.  In addition, it can continue to scale for years with a massive theoretical volume that buys us tons of time to find an even wider array of new solutions to the scaling challenge.  LN is clearly preferable to the centralized services that dominate the industry today. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 16:28:33
Jesus dude, have you no sense that your worldview isn't the only one that exists?  I completely agree that the federal reserve/fiat system is fundamentally flawed, but if it vanished tomorrow the whole world would be in turmoil, Bitcoin wouldn't even come close to making up the difference.  It would almost be laughable to watch people try.  Guess what happens to be the only network big enough, connected enough, and with enough volume to be accepting for general purpose transactions all over the world?  VISA! 
You seem to think that integrating a tiny growing network with the largest payment network in the world is "reverting us back to slavery."  In truth, there is no other way to use Bitcoin for broad, general use and anyone looking at what reality actually is versus what they *want* it to be would obviously see that.  I can only conclude that you have a stunningly narrow and unrealistic view of the world.
Bitcoin is tiny, but growing, and its potential won't be realized by making it an island with no bridges or airports to connect to anywhere else in the world.  I personally love my Bitcoin debit card because it DOES allow me to use Bitcoin for everyday purchases.  I keep far more money in Bitcoin specifically because it's so easy to access it wherever I need it.  Without it I would essentially be locking my money in a barely useable medium.  This way I can keep $100 or so in a fiat/Bitcoin online bank while keeping the vast majority of it in separate secure wallets just minutes away from being spent at any store of my choosing.  
I promise you won't convince anyone screaming about fiat slavery and bragging about the size of your tinfoil hat, no matter the degree of truth your arguments might have.  In the real world, the Bitcoin Debit card is ridiculously useful and it happens to be the only reason I can *easily* protect myself from "VISA, fiat and bankster slavery."
@_date: 2017-07-06 21:05:25


I beg to differ. And by your own logic, why on earth would running a mining farm make you an economics savant?   
I would argue that some of the most influential core devs understand economics very well.  They are far more concerned with safety, reliability, and unwavering core security of the protocol, as it is obvious fees can be mitigated with off-chain, secure, decentralized, and more private payment layers that also are able to provide a broad range of extra-Bitcoin features and speeds without increasing the underlying system's attack surface.  Seems like a incredibly intelligent and not immediately intuitive approach.  There is nothing subtle or intelligent about "consequences, shmonsequences, lets just make it bigger."
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:45:47


Then you shouldn't think that because it isn't true.  You can achieve excellent security with layered solutions.  In fact you can maintain and benefit the security of the base layer... But only if the base layer is decentralized and broadly validated. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 19:14:00
@_date: 2017-07-07 16:48:03
I'm not sure if this is sarcasm or not, because the last 30-40 years of interest rate manipulation is what created the imbalance that *caused the 2007/2008 collapse.* and it's exactly what creates the massive boom/bust cycle.  The Fed has also destroyed nearly 99% of the value of the dollar since their inception.  They have also plunged the country into so much debt as to rival the Roman Empires financial meltdown.  They also *put into law* the exact fractional reserve system that caused bank failures in the late 1800s. They also are the *sole creator of inflation.*. They also act as a lender of last resort by lending money that doesn't exist.  This results in inflation of the money supply, control over who receives the newly created wealth, skyrocketing prices of all things paid for with credit, and puts millions of people into indebtedness to an organization that gained trillions in assets without a single dollar earned in reserve whatsoever.  Any consequence in the financial system cannot be disconnected from the foundational manipulation of the time-cost of money (interest rate) that the Fed engages in.  
Our financial bubbles, and the current financial disaster as we sit on the edge of a cliff is 100% caused by the persistent imbalance purposefully created by the price controls of the Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:55:53
At least there is data to support the logic, despite it coming with an obvious disclaimer that it's not a perfect measurement.  But there is zero data, a long list of baseless assertions, claims of knowing other people's intentions, allegations of corrupt takeovers, and declarations of "killing bitcoin" without any real data, agreement, or even a single line of code to support any of it.   
So considering the opposing argument has not even an ounce of evidence in support. One solid meseasurement with a disclaimer is really all that's needed to destroy the entire "core=Blockstream= AXA=evil=destroying bitcoin on purpose" logical spaghetti ball.
@_date: 2017-05-04 13:08:10
yeah, this (LN) will pretty much end Shapeshifts business model altogether. 
They have been an awesome company during this development and I hope they adapt to stay relevant going forward.
@_date: 2017-05-26 12:08:24


So it isn't a vote until enough people vote?  I want you to think really hard about that statement.  Are you suggesting that the decisions of a few large mining pools are actually *leading indicators* of the opinions of all node operators?  Your logic literally suggests that the tens of thousands of people running nodes aren't actually expressing an opinion by installing the software, but that suddenly they *are* when a few large mining operations *allow them* to express support. 
If installing and running the software for the change *isn't* a vote from the thousands of node operators... then please explain what *does* constitute an expression of their support.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:21:32
Good read.  Hopefully the video will be online within the next few days.  If anyone finds it I would like to know.  Interested in watching any videos that come available from the recent conferences.
@_date: 2017-07-09 03:14:35
Your entire post simply details the consequences without having any attempt at understanding or finding the cause.  You have explained that there was high leveraging, low quality loans, mis-rated securities, packaging and selling of mortgages and so on.  These are *all results of a change in the market* and have nothing to do with the root cause.  The only attempt you make at sourcing the problem is a loose avoidance by stating:


Which is of course, completely untrue.  Household *debt* had been consistently on the rise, had been *peaking* in the 2000s and continued to increase with barely even a break during the 2001 market correction.  Not to mention, high savings *only* means low interest rates *while savings are available.*  In other words, the interest rate should steadily increase as savings are used up to purchase housing, which would prevent a buying frenzy and put downward pressure on the market.  And yet this simple, always present, price mechanism of the market was neither restraining the market, nor adjusting as available funds dried up.  Your post failed to explain or even address why that would be.
If there is a bread shortage, prices go up as demand out weighs the supply.  if there is a massive surplus of bread then every store has 70% off sales in order to push it off the shelves before it goes bad.  The price is a *response* to changing conditions.  So how on Earth could we have simultaneously had no savings, massive loan creation, frenzied house buying, seemingly endlessly increasing prices, market-wide buying and selling of mortgage backed securities, and *somehow the interest rate doesn't rise!?*   
The simple and obvious truth is that the price was openly, and clearly manipulated.  No one was even trying to hide it, they were *literally bragging* about it every time they could get on TV.  If there is an institution with the monopoly power to create money, the ability to loan endlessly on a blank balance sheet, and able to directly set the price of borrowing future resources to the tune of trillions of dollars... then there is a high chance that *they may have some connection to a decades long credit bubble.*  
The interest rate is the price of spending money today instead of waiting until tomorrow.  It is as foolish to think a committee of politicians can tell us what the price of credit is, as it would be to have them dictate the price of TVs, cars, oil, aluminum, dog food, or a loaf of bread.
You have a bunch of details correct, as everything you described certainly occurred, but you do not seem to realize that none of these things even begin to address an actual *cause* of the behavior.  
@_date: 2017-05-06 04:02:06
Core didn't block anything.  Show me a *single* computer or user who was forcibly prevented from updating their software because "core wouldn't let them."  
You are mistaking the voluntary choice of the vast majority of the bitcoin businesses and community to trust the developers as those developers "having control."  Your problem is that you are mad that *you* don't have control over the people who disagree with you.  That most people chose not to risk a break in the network by running software from amateur, untested, and unknown developers simply because those developers copied the code and increased the blocksize.
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:49:02
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:17:43
It's not about being ok with [inseert arbitrary node number here]. It's about a user being able to independently verify all transactions and blocks themselves.  It's about each participant not *having* to trust any other peer on the network if they choose not to.  They can validate every single bit of information independently and with a commonly available computer and internet connection.  If that means 100,000, then great, if that means just 1,000 and the rest simply choose to trust e network, that's fine too.  
The key is that it is critical to not impede the ability for the average user to validate by increasing the cost of doing so outside a reasonable threshold.  Otherwise you end up with *a federated server system,* which is decent, but far from a decentralized, independent, anyone-can-validate monetary system.
@_date: 2017-07-09 12:56:57
My God, the legal system moves like a glacier.
@_date: 2017-07-07 16:48:47
It's a system implemented and written by the large banks in order to enact monopolistic control over the entire banking system.
@_date: 2016-07-13 18:03:54
Something to keep in mind: check shorter charts when a long chart begins to show a trend.
Example: let's say we see the price beginning to rally up on the daily chart and indicators show upward pressure.  This will be used as your decision making chart.  As soon as you decide to get in a trade, immediately move to an hour or 2-hour chart (any significantly shorter but not so short that it's irrelevant).  The shorter chart will almost universally be peaking when the longer charts look like they are making a move.  So you go to the shorter chart and wait for it to pull back and begin indicating an upward movement again.  
When this happens, (the *short* chart lines up) this is when you actually buy.  Then leave the short chart and never look at it again and watch the decision chart (one that first setup a move).  When it looks like it's losing momentum then exit the trade.  If it turns around and breaks through any indicators against your trade, get out immediately.  
This applies to pretty much any length trade.  If trading the weekly, daily is entry. If trading the hourly, 15 minute is entry and so no.
**important**: day trading or just heavy trading in general is a huge learning process and requires a lot of fear/greed self control.  You *can* get good at it, but you must immerse yourself in trading in general *as well as* the subject of your trading.  Learn how Bitcoin moves, the community responds, watch for Bitcoin mentions and views as much as you can.  The biggest mistake is to learn something about one stock/community/commodity and think it can be directly applied to another.  Read technical books and money management books and know that it is truly more of an *art* based practice and not *chart* based.  Charts and indicators are great assistance, but only in the sense that good movies have similar structures.  They are never the full story.
My best advice if you want to trade:
1. **Always** use the same amount of money for every trade and do so with unwavering strictness.  For instance, if you have $10,000 for trading, every trade should be $500 or less.  If you make a lot of money using all of your money, you will *never* keep it.  I promise. Anyone foolish enough to go all in will keep doing it until it's all gone. I know a guy who was successful with turning $20,000 into $315,000 after 6 all-in trades and then had one bad trade and watched it go to zero.
2. Constantly set profits aside into savings.  The worst thing you can do is think you are good and will never lose because of a winning streak.  You are what puts your money in harms way. Remove profits from your trading accounts regularly.
3. Be happy with small profits and take them as often as possible.  After you get out of a trade, the price should continue to move in the direction you were trading. It doesn't matter where the money goes afterward, that's for your long term savings to worry about.  If you make $50 in a trade good job. If it goes up another $100 then who cares, you made $50.  Be happy with profit, period. 
4. Trade with fake money or simply on paper for a long time before putting any money at risk.  Practice, practice, practice.
Be in this for the long haul and know trading is a bitch and requires as much work as any job or business to truly get skilled at.  It's worth it if it interests you and excites you.  That's why I've dabbled for almost 10 years and have probably consumed 1,000 hours of media, classes, and books on the topic.  But if you just want to get wealthy, it's probably a really bad idea.
@_date: 2017-07-10 01:08:05


I believe you are mistaken if you think that we have somehow "fixed" the problem that caused the crash.  Two things have happened, interest rates were forced even lower despite the economy having nearly 500% household debt to GDP.  The economy has been "revived" with this new credit, credit that has no productivity to back it up.  Second, due to the European crisis and multiple foreign currency failures, uncertainty has sent capital rushing back into the dollar, due to its reserve currency status. This has put downward pressure on price inflation, obscuring the consequences of the continually bad monetary policy.  
The actions taken by the Fed have flooded the economy temporarily with additional money, borrowed from even farther into the future, to prop up the market today.  But the market is not even remotely back in balance and the cause of our troubles has not been corrected, it has been worsened.  We merely have to wait until the influx of borrowed capital from the lowered interest rate runs dry again.  Historically, and depending on the size and breadth of the market, these credit cycles will run between 5-12 years.  
If you think central banks do a good job, then I'm not even sure why you are here.  As Bitcoin's entire purpose is to create a hardened, unchanging monetary policy that is separate from politics.  Without a central bank to "fix the market," The Bitcoin economy should simply die from endless market crashing according to your logic.  Your interest in Bitcoin seems like a contradiction or misunderstanding. 
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:56:29
It certainly *was* part of the boom/bust cycle. Credit based booms typically concentrate in particular industries, as the new money essentially has the effect of exaggerating the perceived resources available to that industry.  In the 90s it was the new and exciting internet industry. In the 2000s it was housing. The new money saw a chance to profit with increased housing prices (actually credit based inflation) and it began to get out of hand.  As the prices rose, in a natural economy, the interest rate would have risen as well, seeing as the saved resources would have run out.  The result would have been an immediate correction and nothing to come of it.  Instead, the Federal Reserve pushed rates lower, the government inacted lower lending standards and began purchasing loans of all sorts, encouraging banks to make high risk loans because there was a guaranteed government buyer.  This meant the banks could offload the risks almost immediately by simply selling he loan.  The availability of incredibly low interest funds at a time when savings had completely dried up, worked to pour gasoline on the fire. Causing a frenzy of lending, borrowing, buying, flipping, and out of control price rises.  Inevitably, even with artificially lowered interest rates, it becomes obvious the resources were never there to begin with, the price collapses, as does the over inflated loan market.  
Then to fix the problem, the Fed pushes interest rates to zero, giving the false signal that there are vast pools of stored resources and savings to encourage investement and retail expansion.  The bubble has concentrated in the financial markets this time.  Sending stocks for companies that don't even meet earnings higher and higher.  The Social Media IPOs are a great expample of this.  Nearly all of them are running on barely any profit, some actually losing money.  Yet they pull billions in stock valuations and the price rises when they lose less than they expected to.
The fact is, the economy is running on yet another artificial high as if there are decades of saved resources ready to be spent.  But none of those savings or resources are actually there, meaning we have entered yet another bubble, and will eventually experience another steep crash.  As we have already spent the next decades worth of productivity on frivolous investments today.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:17:24
no, but now i want to XD
@_date: 2016-07-02 18:04:36
I completely feel you and the history and wars over currency control is one of my favorite things to learn about.  Unfortunately, since US schools never even suggest currency as being a part of history or of any consequence whatsoever, "conspiracy theorist" is literally the only likely response.  Talking about wars that they *think* they know about already and suggesting they were actually fought over the control of money sounds like aliens building the pyramids to most people :/
@_date: 2017-07-26 16:18:40
This is shockingly early in the game.  Ask your neighbor if they have heard of Bitcoin or own any if you think you have somehow "missed the boat."  I invest $100 of every paycheck and will probably be increasing it.  Keep in mind that the *vast majority* of possible applications haven't even been *built* yet and even the ones that have been are at the very birth of their markets and network growth.
Thinking you have missed the boat at this point in the game is thinking you missed the internet in the mid 90s.  Before YouTube, Google, Facebook, Github, Amazon, EBay, smart phones, and essentially every other major network/service online.  There are going to be computer networks that share and exchange resources by the millisecond using their own cryptocurrency wallets.  There are going to be autonomous networks that essentially hire people to fix bugs.  This is going to infiltrate every single financial market in the same way the internet became the backbone of every phone on the planet.  
Cryptocurrency is a *fundamental change* in how we determine value in the same way that packet based open protocols were a fundamental change to how we communicated.  Rather than a closed centralized network owned by a company/government, we have an open and decentralized one that *anyone* can develop or expand on.  We have not seen the end game of this technology until *government currencies* encourage adoption by advertising that they are backed by secure cryptocurrency. 
Government run money is an antiquated, inefficient, and destructive system that results in horrific resource waste and needless political battles.  Centralized control over the money supply is the ultimate power in the economy, the power to take labor hours and the value of production from the entire economy without trading anything but the political permission to cheat the money. 
TL;DR You haven't seen *anything* yet.
@_date: 2016-07-02 23:08:45


Divisibility and supply are absolutely and unequivocally different things.  You are misunderstanding the nature of scarcity.  Being able to cut my pennies into smaller pieces has nothing to do with fractional reserve or the expansion/contraction of the money supply.
@_date: 2016-07-02 04:00:01
That *sounds* like good advice that I wish I could follow... but I don't know how it would apply.  Any examples you might have for what you are thinking?
@_date: 2017-07-06 20:49:19


You are right it would... when we have so many LN channels and so much usage that we are trying to accommodate 1000x the transaction load.  And amazingly we can get to that point without a hard fork and while maintaining a small and easily verifiable blockchain.  In truth, there will be so many sidechain and offchain options by then we may never need a basic blocksize increase.  I have no doubt we can get near 4x or 5x on chain with SegWit, Schnorr, and a few additional upgrades. (And those are only the improvements we know of today)
We can achieve all of that scaling just to get back to the fees we have today *without making any significant increases to the bandwidth needed to secure the entire network.* that makes an indestructible, perfectly decentralized network that turns a government or large orchestrated attack into a tickle.   That's not to mention the endless opportunities for privacy and additional features with making the base layer a currency security architecture and leaving payments to higher, faster layers.  
If you are suggesting that 1GB blocks, an unbelievable amount of required bandwidth, a blockchain measured in hundreds of terabytes that grows out of control every year, and a network validated by on,y a handful of massive data farms where every last coffee can be traced to an address and linked to its owner is a preferable future... then you are entirely missing the point of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-12 13:42:29
Maybe that's why they have to carry it around in a truck.  Bunch of off-chain coins and bills are needed for transactions.  It might imply however that fees are so high it is cheaper to print the coins on a bill and ship them across the country :O
@_date: 2015-10-26 00:31:30


Access.  Anyone can freely access the Bitcoin network.  Closed source development didn't stop the internet from progressing.  The problem would have been closed *inclusion* in the network.  I can't just create a bank and have anyone use it all over the world.  I *can* (if i could code worth a shit) make a website on the internet or an app for bitcoin that anyone can use.  The financial system is a closed network, Bitcoin is an open one.   This is the same critical difference that allowed the internet to succeed over proprietary alternatives.  Now that independent value transfer over the internet is possible, I find it far more likely that a permission-less and open standard will see faster development and more activity than a proprietary version.  Doesn't seem like a radical statement to me.  
@_date: 2017-07-01 00:12:18


Lmao, by hard-forking at all costs no matter the consequences, no matter how shitty their code is, specifically to take over development, and maintain an unfair mining production and hashing advantage.  All this in spite of how many people, users, services, and developers are against it... Why?  "Because we are the miners and everyone else can go fuck their mothers if they wanna fuck." The fact that you think *anything* they have done could be considered "cooperating" is hilarious.
@_date: 2017-07-08 14:59:28
The important take away from that event is the complacency of the population.  Ignorance and complacency are our greatest enemy.  Centralized attempts at control are an inevitability.  They are truly a part of human nature and no influential system in human history has been immune to it.  Bitcoin is a new player in that fight.  To sit back with your profits, to focus entirely on how to get millions of users immediately (the centralized option will *almost always* accomplish this faster) and completely disregard that Bitcoin should be built to be resilient to centralization.  Little else really matters as it is an open protocol.  Scaling, sidechains, and payment layers can easily be built on top of a decentralized and secure system.  But no centralized system can gain back the security, reliability, and censorship resistance of a distributed one.  If we lose it, then it's gone.
We must not forget what the real promise of this technology is, because we will certainly lose it if we do.  It isn't about millions of users immediately, it's about an open protocol for value exchange that is *completely and unequivocally immune to censorship.* That is priority number 1, the rest is a walk in the park in comparison.
@_date: 2016-07-19 14:47:28
That's pretty astoundingly critical to call the first program designed to organize a community that turned out to have a flaw, "crap code."  It was literally the first contract of its kind.  You call him a "swindler" because it wasn't perfect and *other* people overzealous oh dumped millions into the project?  Something tells me you've never written a line of code or done anything to speak of in any area of work. I don't care or claim to know anything about Vitalik, but your comment makes you sound incredibly ignorant.
@_date: 2016-07-03 17:30:38
And here no one probably cared whether this person was male or female, but at least we know what filter by which you view the world.  Sex and race first, then all the other less important measurements like character and honesty.
disclaimer: I am making no comment in regards to this podcast, I have not listened to it.
@_date: 2016-07-03 22:40:36


Same thing happened to me.  It was likely due to the transaction wait time for a Bitpay invoice.  They have the coin and probably made the deposit already.  They just need to confirm to NewEgg that payment went through because the invoice timed out.
@_date: 2016-07-19 17:23:47


Just following your example.  Btw, It's an open cryptocurrency.  The word "allow" does not apply.  
@_date: 2016-07-20 20:51:21
This is the cost of dealing with credit card fraud and not connecting a bank account in order to make a purchase.  I highly doubt you will find better at least in the brief searching I have done.  Not a big user of quickBT, but this is very likely a factor of the *way* purchases are allowed.  No business runs at a loss, this is simply the cost of convenience.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:36:10




This is all blind speculation and you present no evidence for any of this one way or the other.  You are telling me what the price is doing, telling me what it "was gonna do instead," and then you are telling me a narrative that *you just happen to believe.*  Frankly, you don't have the slightest clue what the price is going to do, would have done, or ought to have done.  And your entire argument hinges on the fact that I assume you know what the price *would* have done... which just means everything you say after this point is useless.


Again something that you think, and yet there is no evidence, set of surveys, strict correlation, or anything else to prove such a claim.  Most bitcoin usage is through businesses.  A vast majority (estimated between 70-90%) of transactions are off chain already, done within a company's own ledger or between companies with payment channels.  And the majority of those happen on exchanges.  Again, you are just repeating your narrative and hoping to be correct without anything to support it.


Core didn't put anything off.  They coded, tested, and deployed a soft fork measure to increase capacity and start exponential scaling by building secure, decentralized layers for instant, private, and cheaper payments.  That code has been ready to deploy to lower fee pressure for nearly a year.  That code had been tested for more than two years, and has been activated and used live on at least 5 other cryptocurrencies.  That code is also backwards compatible, for the explicit purpose of being *uncontroversial.*  By making it backwards compatible it doesn't split the network, doesn't force anyone to use it, and doesn't require everyone to run it in order to gain its scaling benefits.  
Sounds to me like some stubborn, ignorant miners blocking an increase does in fact delay an increase... since that is what blocking things does... it delays them.  Your story contradicts itself and only works under assumptions that I cannot believe without support.  You are extremely unconvincing.
@_date: 2017-07-06 16:31:30
I'm talking about the *safest way to implement SegWit.* And yes, a soft fork that fixes multiple problems, makes futures upgrades that once needed hardforks, to now be available by soft is far and wide a safer and smarter option.  Not to mention that changing "one number" only cheapens the obvious spam attacks that have plagued the network that will fill up blocks just as easily at 2MB as they did at 1MB. 
The layered and sidechain approach to scaling is the only long term, sensible approach that maintains a secure and decentralized main chain. It already takes nearly a week to download the blockchain and anyone who says just because we get cheaper hard drives next year that a 6TB blockchain isn't a massive barrier to securing the network is being willfully dismissive.
Clearly changing that "one number" also causes massive disagreement and contention since it *causes a hard fork and will, without a doubt, split the network.  *It is, without question, the very reason a fork is at stake* right now.  If scaling is the goal, being horrifically stubborn to do something recklessly with untested alternatives because of misplaced anger over a safer and backwards compatible option is foolhardy at best.
@_date: 2016-10-27 03:24:11
Agreed, I just think it is important to get segwit activated first.  And there does seem to be a vocal *minority* that thinks any second layer scaling somehow immediately means centralization and destroys the true nature of bitcoin.  I have had multiple commentors tell me that using LN transactions make it "not the same bitcoin anymore."
I know that most big blockers probably understand this, but i felt it needed addressing for some.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:09:09
All of them.
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:00:36
It has nothing to do with shareholders.  In every company shareholders want the company to do better.  There are plenty of companies that don't rape their customers blind but have shareholders all the same, who intend to profit from owning part of the company.  This kind of behavior is a result of needing an investment in the tens of millions, multiple state, local, and federal licenses, multiple years-long approval from redundant regulatory agencies, and having to follow a strict set of this-is-exactly-how-you-will-run-your-bank rules that leave barely any room for innovation.  
You add this barrier to entry onto *any* industry and you will end up with decades of stagnant innovation, a nearly complete loss of startups and new competitors, and a small groups of large corporations that think they simply *deserve* their positions in the market.  That is why massive companies forget that they shouldn't screw over their customers.  When the customers dont have a small competitor to turn to when the incumbents start pulling shit like this.
@_date: 2017-07-17 01:34:10
This is nonsense. The fees were higher and the backlog was many multiples of what it is now while the price was skyrocketing.  There is neither reasonable causation *nor* even a correlation that would suggest the crash has anything to do with a scaling problem.  It may certainly have to do with the protocol change, but that is an entirely different problem than "too many transactions, Bitcoin is crashing."  
Not to mention that you have said twice that this is because of money moving to altcoins, and yet Bitcoin's market dominance has been *on the rise* during the crash. The altcoins have seen a far greater percentage drop than Bitcoin.  Meaning *everything* is bleeding money.  It is not currently bleeding from Bitcoin to altcoins.   The opposite is actually true right now.  The correlation between transaction fees and price is actually *the exact opposite* of what you claim. The simple explanation is that neither the price move upward nor the recent crash had anything to do with a transaction backlog. 
TL;DR  You merely have a narrative that you are looking for evidence to support and drawing upon nothing more than a correlation that you fail to even check if it exists.  The market dominance of Bitcoin has increased during the crash, altcoins have been hit worse, and it has completely occurred during very low transaction backlog and a period of very low fees.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:59:11
That sounds about right.
Although, I'm honestly inclined to think we might see sub-$1000 if there is a persistent split.  I just don't think the alts will fall with it indefinitely, and "both bitcoins" will eventually find some stability, and I think that added together they will remain above the $1000 mark. This is all purely speculation obviously. 
@_date: 2016-07-26 20:20:29
Yeah that's not how scams die.  You report scams, you post about them, your share them, and you let everyone you know what they are and why.
@_date: 2016-07-12 17:23:29
Except that he was never even charged or sent to trial over it and a known corrupt DEA agent and thief had administrative access over every single user/pass on the site *including* DPR's.  There is absolutely no responsible way to make the claim that he did it.  Based on actions, the voice of the speaker, the control, and the content of the character, everything screams that this was the DEA agent posing as him.
 This was a way to demonize him by the agents investigating him in order to have no one care when he is put in jail for life.  Because as you say, "conspiracy to murder is what got him."  It's why there will be no retrial, no outrage, and no one who desires to work for his freedom.  This was calculated by multiple corrupt people who had every access necessary to make it happen.
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:02:22
Yes, but the writer is assuming that the channel with the coffee shop is connected to no one else.  If it's connected to their fiat exchange, which is then connected to thousands of other branches, users, and businesses, then the user isn't "locking" bitcoin. They are merely putting $1000 "on the Lightning network," and are able to spend it at essentially any location connected to the network.
A good way to think about it in my mind is like roads.  You can't get to *every* location by a street.  But there are thousands of side roads and parking lots that get you close enough to walk.  Therefore you aren't being "locked" in your car, you are able to use a network that simplifies and significantly lowers the cost of moving extremely long distances.
Edit: in addition, if you have multiple channels open from multiple locations, there is no reason they can't be used in aggregate, and being connected to each other means you can balance or refund channels evenly if or gets low with others full (because you buy more coffee with one channel than another).  But there is no reason that the movement, balancing, and finding can't be managed by software.  It's just multiple layers and years worth of optimizations.  Lightning, entirely regardless if it's hub and spoke, is a *massive* benefit and remains censorship resistant, private, trustless means of on boarding millions of regular Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2016-07-28 17:14:18
The issue is that the institution was privately owned but has received a government protected power.  Making it an institution with specific government powers but no direct means of oversight.  The government likes the agreement because they Basically receive unlimited loans whenever they want to pay for something.  
People who dislike the "free market" like to point out exhaustively that the problem is the profit incentive with it being a non-governmental institution. People who dislike government, on the other hand, note that it would be no threat at all without the cooperation and monopolistic authority given to it by the state. The disagreement over why the central bank exists and where it's power comes from creates a lot of confusion.  At least those who understand its nature, whether pro or anti government, mostly dislike the institution.  That's a good sign in my book.
@_date: 2016-07-26 23:36:19
Maybe you haven't been here very long.  But every time a scam becomes obvious and the fallout appears rather larger, it gets talked about *a lot* on r/Bitcoin.  The issue with this one is that it appears to still be sucking people into it and it's specifically targeting a demographic that likely doesn't hang out on Reddit.  It's sad to see people getting screwed out of their money and there is little to no legitimate reason to believe OneCoin is anything but a blatant scam. 
This is nothing special, and it isn't getting any unexpected levels of discussion.  The only significant difference with OneCoin is that they seem to be targeting the elderly.  Ranking them at a special level of asshole.  The more awareness of this the better.
@_date: 2016-07-25 00:11:05
The larger credit cycles happen on a rough 6-10 year time frame.  The previous major credit crunch was in 2008.  2015-17 was always the most likely time that the next deleveraging would occur and it appears to be lining up to do just that.  
The reason you've heard about it for 5 years is because its obvious that current actions *must* result in another correction.  Government policy is simply shifting the consequences into the future.  
If you apply certain economic thought to government/Fed manipulation of interest rates, the results are rather simple to understand and see coming, timing however, is generally a shot in the dark.  Ron Paul spoke multiple times between 2001-2003 on the Congressional floor regarding the growing and inevitable housing bubble that was brewing and that government actions would result in a major credit crisis.  They kept doing the same things to escape the 2008 bust, another crash is inevitable.  Hence, 5 years of discussion.
TL;DR  When? Who knows, markets change constantly and there is not exact science regarding what sets off price corrections.  But thanks to basic math, we know there *will* be one.
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:11:36
Social media attacks are not war and the incentives within the cryptocurrency world are to hodl forever.  It is incredibly difficult to get them to give up their coins for any reason whatsoever, but you think it might be possible to get long time bitcoin holders to spend *billions* on open warfare?  Do you think we can get even a *few dozen* hardcore bitcoiners to purchase guns and ammunition, stop everything to get a year or so of military training, and then travel across countries to hunt down and murder the Ethereum developers and major stake holders?  You think you can get them to risk their own lives, completely obliterate their reputation, commit murder on a large scale, and pay out of pocket to do so?  
National wars are *never profitable.* They incur insurmountable costs and are committed largely for the simple reason of propping up the war lobby and expanding the economic reliance on a specific currency.  The only benefit to politicians is the expansion of the tax base and continued spread (and therefore obfuscation and limit) of the surface area of their monetary power.  War is about politics and power because when you literally hold the power of money, profit is irrelevant.  The only ambition is power over other people after you own the means to creating money.  But if you take away the power and authority of centralized money, you threaten the very existence of the political structure.  
@_date: 2016-07-28 14:23:23
I literally no zero an caps who are military supporters and/or neocon war supporters.  In fact, literally all of the a caps I know, myself included, began moving that direction from an anti-war sentiment.
I have nothing against people in the military or veterans.  But I openly disagree with military interventionism and our horrific foreign policy.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:38:59


First, I never said lending would not exist.  Such a claim would be idiotic.  It would be equal to saying that in a debt based economy, savings wouldn't exist.  Does savings exist?  Then so would lending in a deflationary economy. Lending simply would not be the dominant means of spending, and it would account for a far smaller fraction of economic activity.


Don't you think this is an incredibly short sighted claim?  You know how large projects have gotten built throughout the history of the world?  Investment.  Lending can be a part of it, but by no means *has* to be.  Instead, people with large amounts of saved capital are desperate to put it to good use earning a return.  How does that happen? by investing in productive projects, and purchasing or owning shares of productive enterprises.  You can claim that this wouldn't happen, and yet during the industrial revolution we were experiencing the worst deflation in the country's history.  So much so, that for a long time historical economists mistakenly thought there was a depression during the 1870s.  Come to find out there was more growth, investment, and a greater increase in the standard of living than in any other period in American history.  All because prices were falling, and there was very little debt fueling the economy.
The next few claims that you make are all based on the same fallacy.  They are each pointing out conditions *which exist in today's debt based economy*, and then claiming out it would be really bad *in a deflationary one*.  Except that in a savings based economy the conditions would be entirely different.  The reason we get ever increasing prices is because there is new money chasing the same number of goods.  Loans are created without reserved capital to back it.  Meaning the economy effectively produced a number of homes (lets take 2 for example) but then loaned enough money into existence to buy more than were built (lets say 4 homes).  This causes ever higher prices and starts a bubble if the money spent **is not constrained by the economy running out of savings.**  That is how a natural economy keeps the bubbles in check.  When there is nothing left to lend out, the prices (and therefore the supply) rebalance.  But when the government and financial monopoly just pushes interest rates to zero and loans the economy into the negative trillions of dollars and savings dry up across the country... suddenly *all economic activity* that is left is completely reliant on new debt.  
The problem with your understanding is that you are looking at an economy that has made this horrible miscalculation through 4 massive decade long bubbles and pushed interest rates to nearly *negative* territory... then you pointed at the insanely poor conditions and far reaching consequences and said, "see, how would you deal with this in a deflationary economy?"  The point is, nearly none of it would happen, the conditions simply would never exist, because prices adjust *in order to make sure imbalances are corrected, and not prolonged indefinitely.*  
**TL;DR**  If loans are allowed to extend past the savings in the economy, then you begin loaning out years of capital that hasn't yet been created.  That results in vastly increasing prices, provides the illusion of growth, and eventually results in an enormous crash.  In a balanced and sound money economy lending would exist to a smaller degree, representing a fraction of the saved capital, and the economy would have plenty of investment and growth, without constantly being on the edge of complete catastrophe.
@_date: 2017-06-16 15:27:53
"Nobody goes there, it's too crowded."
Everything is a trade off.  Lower fees are pointless if the network is not independently verifiable and secure from centralized manipulation.  I don't care what country, institution, or network the control comes from.  If there are only a handful of federated, extremely expensive nodes/miners securing the network, then it will, absolutely, eventually be abused and over taken in a political mission to "save it from black markets and horrible people."  And sadly, as made clear by the r/BTC and big blocks crew, many will not care, most will not even see that there is a massive risk until *way* after there is no chance of fixing it, and some will even applaud when the 3 largest miners insitutute criminal blacklisting at the behest of some legacy monetary authority.
If you think that is *not* a huge risk, and one that Bitcoin will *inevitably* face, then you have not learned a thing from history.  Without question, this attack is what Bitcoin should be designed to defend against *right at this very minute and for every minute going forward.*
@_date: 2017-06-01 14:08:05
Onion Routing is actually embedded by default, it was an early agreed upon standard with all the core devs.  So essentially unless your payment is only going directly to who your channel is open with (meaning no chaining at all) can the other see what your address is.  If you bounce through 3 or 4 channels, the receiver will never know your address or balance.
@_date: 2016-07-21 01:48:35
Thanks for the reply and it actually was pretty confusing.  For someone who signs up for services as if its my job, particularly in the bitcoin space, it should be more obvious.  That being said, after I cooled off from promptly receiving three "better luck next time" responses in a row, I figured out what I had done wrong and came here to correct my mistake when I read your comment.  I received a confirmation regarding my signup for the card a few minutes ago and am excitedly waiting to hear that everything worked out and that I'll be receiving it.
So far, albeit I was slightly mislead by poor clarity is site design, the fault with the Bitpay card was truly my own.  I intend to write out a full review of both the Coinbase and Bitpay debit cards when I have received and used both pretty extensively.  Thanks for being a company I can count on :)
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:08:49
It has nothing to do with the number of deaths.  The quote is referring to the capital wasted on persistent, never-ending war.  In that, war is far more constant then it was in the past.  It's cost was *actually paid* by citizens and was visible before central banking became the dominant source of funds.  War was terrible and resulted in increased tax levies and they were typically short because of this (devastating, but short).  People tired of war quickly.  
Today, war is merely an occupation.  It is paid for and maintained indefinitely, the enemies are just sorted, manufactured, and found in new places and under broad or vague concepts (terrorist!) to keep the industry running strong.  The cost is taken incrementally and subtly by inflation across the entire economy and an invisible decline in living standards.  
Just because fewer people are killed as a result of violence and war, does not mean more capital isn't being wasted in attempts to violently enforce authority throughout the world. There is nothing inaccurate or stupid about the comment, only your interpretation of what he means.  
TL;DR Your refutation is accurate (violence is declining), but it is regarding a claim that was never made.
@_date: 2017-06-18 19:16:12
Majority of *hash power,* not majority of miners.  The people involved with the agreement doesn't even amount to the number of developers they have openly said they want to "fire." 
@_date: 2016-07-28 17:23:35
"The people," of which I assume you equate to "the government," gave it every monopolistic power it has.  By that logic wouldn't it be doing exactly what "the people" asked it to?  It's either that this has been done *specifically* by "the people," OR the government and "the people" have very little to do with each other.  These ideas are mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:28:02
You got a lot out of my comments that I never suggested, hinted at, or even partially claimed.  My claim is simply this, eliminating the power to issue money (and challenging the foundations of taxation in general) into existence removes the single largest incentive and means of funding for open warfare and military conquest. 
That doesn't mean violence disappears and we hug each other three times a day.  It doesn't mean there aren't murders or persistent rivalries.  It doesn't mean there aren't gangs or poverty.  These things exist because people exist.  But the systems and rules we use to organize society have incentives.  War is almost universally undesirable, but is an inevitable consequence of the incentives of a monopolistically violent authority.  If the main incentives are removed, so will the vast majority of the consequences of those incentives.
@_date: 2017-06-03 16:11:23
Lol, can confirm.  I just checked and am indeed a male.
@_date: 2017-06-30 05:47:47
I meant "Nicholas is the only reason I'm in Stratis" because it was through following your work that I was led to Stratis.  I have since continued closely watching Stratis for many reasons: 
1) I think Stratis is smart with taking the BaaS approach 
2) this ecosystem will have tons of room for moving productive enterprises from the old systems to the ones better managed by the blockchain
3) A full block SPV wallet
4) I want to see someone make a decent identity management sidechain and I'm eager to see their PoC 
5) Would like to see what they do with the academy and consultancy sides of their roadmap
6) And of course the Breeze wallet and TumbleBit.  
As I mentioned, I have always been an altcoin skeptic.  Seeing your name on one and knowing you were actually involved is the only reason I took another hard look.  Don't worry, I'm very interested in the Stratis project itself.  
Edit: Also, thank you endlessly for your work.  It makes an enormous difference.
@_date: 2017-06-10 15:29:52
The TLDR version:
"The text of the bill is to exempt “persons conducting business using transactions conducted in whole or in part in virtual currency” from the state’s money transmitting regulations."
Apparently it was a pretty heated debate and many of the banking regulators were very unhappy with the bill.  It ended up passing with 185 yes to 170 no with representatives and 13 yes and 10 no in the senate.
@_date: 2017-06-02 14:04:14
Hey, is that in Raleigh?! I always stop by that thing and check it out even though I would never pay the premium to use it.  It's been there for quite a while actually.
@_date: 2017-06-28 04:25:59
Throughout all of history, there has been no means of funding war that holds a candle to central authorities debasing the national currency.  It is a delayed, obfuscated, and silent means of robbing the entire country of enormous amounts of purchasing power.  
Yes, some people make it sound like Bitcoin is going to turn the sky to rainbows �� and fix everything that is less than perfect.  But truly, if Bitcoin and cryptocurrency threatens the authority to politically issue purchasing power across the globe, I absolutely believe such a technology has the power to eliminate the single greatest incentive for military conquest and empire building. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:58:45
You have to think of this in terms of actual, real world things or the obfuscation of money is going to make it appear as if nothing went wrong.  Can I lend you 30 boards of lumber that I don't have?  Can I let you borrow my car and drive to work if I don't have a car?  And yet a bank can essentially do this.  But that doesn't mean we suddenly have an extra car to get an additional person from point A to point B.  It means **there is more money chasing the same number of cars.** More money chasing the same number of goods means higher prices. Period.  Any consequences of "increased production" or "they'll invest" or whatever are entirely tertiary and only account for *redistributing actual* resources from *other* projects or industries.  
In the example I gave, the indebtedness *definitely does* increase. Because the person who worked for years to *earn* the price of their car or house now has to deal with prices that are double or triple what they would otherwise be, thanks to the massive influx of new money.  It is so, absolutely, monumentally critical to understand that *paper money is not a resource.*  You can't use it for shit. Money is a *measuring stick.*  Creating money increases the supply without the subsequent value, or actual product, added to the economy.  It is, quite literally, like altering the length of a foot and then bragging that you have a bigger house. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:10:53
Honestly, Nicholas is the only reason I'm in Stratis.  I'm typically a heavy alt coin skeptic and despite the obvious truth that many will be around in the future.  It's that the difficulty of sifting through all of the mess and figuring out what developers are serious and which ones are a joke, isn't worth the trouble most of the time.
I still think Bitcoin is scaling with the most secure and reliable method (sidechain and layers).  And pretty much every feature that any other alt coin or competing blockchain has I think can be implemented rather easily back onto Bitcoin through sidechains if it has a serious value proposition.  Though I still don't think Bitcoin will be the only major cryptocurrency. 
I'm also not trying to pump Stratis or anything because there may literally be no need whatsoever for a whole other chain/token for making those features available to the crypto world.  I simply can't wait until Breeze wallet and TumbleBit are released so hopsfully my few dollars helped get Dorier his paycheck XD.   TumbleBit is going to be a game changer for privacy on the blockchain.  I'm literally on the edge of my seat.
@_date: 2017-06-02 04:03:45
I was posting these economic rants on Reddit back when 99.9% of the responses were telling me how stupid and wrong I was and it awarded me top down vote numbers.  Even r/bitcoin has had a time where the majority of posters were in that duodenum of economic understanding where they knew something was wrong with the old system, but they *also knew* that deflation was the devil and caused all of our problems.  I am always inclined to respond to the arguments of the naysayers, but when I think about where this came from, I am sometimes truly shocked at how many people have been exposed to and *even understand* the basic principles of Austrian economic theory.  
@_date: 2016-07-02 18:28:07


Well they aren't in America.  And this doesn't anything fundamentally, not to mention the ones deciding what the inflation rate is are the ones deciding how much money to print and directly benefiting from it.  


Exactly, that's a *huge* part of the problem.  I don't care one second that inflation helps the *irresponsible* poor if it does so at the cost of the *responsible* poor. You are encouraging millions of people to go into debt who wouldn't otherwise.  You take away the natural incentive to save and encourage reckless spending and debt.  A foundational change in money changes the very culture of the economy using it.  Credit cards run rampant, commercials don't even advertise prices, just how many months you can avoid interest payments, consumers across the country are less and less concerned with frugality and instead become reactionary buyers.  Ever notice that the growth of consumerism in America almost directly correlates with the levels of debt across the country?  
With a limited and stable money supply people are incentivized to save and avoid frivolous expenditures *naturally.*  Wages become more valuable over time *naturally.*  Debt is dis-incentivized *naturally.*  The government is forced to control its spending and cannot simply start whatever program or war it deems desirable.  It becomes unable to easily waste billions of dollars and let the economy pay for it through the poisonous and slow effects of price inflation.  Cost cannot be so easily hidden and it heavily limits the size of government and the extreme amounts of waste associated with it.
Inflation, manipulated interest rates, and debt based money pushes everything in the opposite direction.  It encourages and rewards debtors at the **expense of savers.**  Not to mention it can only be counteracted by a bunch of committees and political arguing and further manipulation and control to make sure "wages keep up with inflation."  Wonderful, the *government* now gets the right to force businesses to pay people higher wages in order to counteract the counterfeiting the *government* engages in.  
The worst consequence is the unbelievable push to grow government and have them create committees, systems, policies, and and new institutions to fight all of the horrible consequences of rampant money printing and manipulated interest rates.
Both of your examples make the government larger, give them more control, assume them to be the final arbiter of inflation measurement and still incentivizes debt, worsens economic contractions, puts the cost burden on wage-earners and savers while benefitting those holding capital, and directly creates a bloated and naturally manipulative institution that thinks printing money to pay for what it finds "necessary" is a legitimate cost and that the authority is somehow just and beneficial.
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:53:02
Too late for SegWit?... so let's take the "easier" hard fork that was thrown together in a matter of weeks, is wholly untested, kills the already widespread adoption of current SegWit compatible clients, and completely start from scratch!?... 
In other words, "it's too late to finish the half-completed sunroom on the house, so we might as well double the width of the foundation, demolish what we've already done, and completely redraw the sunroom, adjusting by a few inches on every measurement just to end up with the same exact functionality, but ensure it won't fit the tons of work that has already been completed... "
...also I'll pay you some Bitcoin to repeat this logically dehydrated statement.
@_date: 2017-06-01 14:42:11
I don't see this as a problem.  In fact, I consider it the only way out of this mess.  When he states: 


Here he is making a false assumption based on a debt run economy and debt run economic understanding.  The exact opposite will occur.  The economic activity will absolutely *explode* as people's savings increase in value.  The entire economy will shift from the slow death of attracting frivolous debt spenders at high prices and "0% interest for the first 12 months" (incentivizes inefficiency and indebtedness), to one that does everything imaginable to be efficient and keep prices as low as possible to attract saved cryptocurrency capital. 
The shift to hard-coded, deflationary money will drastically shift the focus of retail and manufacturing.  Efficiency and frugality will become cornerstones of the economy, and the culture will move away from "every year a new model, and ten million people in line on Black Friday." So many of our problems are a result of bad economic incentives.  Politics **loves** to point at consumerism and over consumption and say "see people are shitty, that's why we have to be in charge," when that exact consumerism is a consequence of the "buy now, pay later" mental foundation that comes with debt driven money.  It is wholly a cultural consequence of political money.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:48:47
Exactly, this scenario would only apply if the last block mined was one block before a difficulty adjustment.  Therefore the first block mined after the solar wipeout (which would likely take weeks to mine) would drastically bring down the difficulty.  Otherwise it would literally take *years* of mining to get the network back up as is.  The only real option is to fork it with a reasonable difficulty and essentially start from scratch but maintain the entire history and UTXO set.
@_date: 2017-07-08 14:48:58
Dont forget, you are risking all of the coins in the address, not just the small amount you use to transact.  It includes the destination address *and* a change address where the remaining balance goes.  That change address and transaction may only show up on one chain.  Then one of those chains might get orphaned. If you intend to do that, I would prepare by sending $4 worth to a new address and wallet, specifically to use that one only for trying to get into the &gt;1Mb block.  
@_date: 2017-06-29 19:48:47
At the same time that I tend to the same sentiment, often I can see the benefits of their own token as well.  Obviously the funding is much more
Lucrative, but gives rise to all the speculative swings that come with the territory.  On the other hand, not everyone can develop for Bitcoin and if something requires a soft fork to implement... well clearly it's shown to be not such an easy task on the bitcoin ecosystem.  So if they have a serious plan, where they desire fast implementation, and an easy to upgrade blockchain, using their own token isn't the worst idea.  In addition they intend to port everything to Bitcoin and vice versa.  And they are already in a quicker position to implement sidechains *specifically because* they have made their own blockchain.  
So on one hand I think, "are you fucking serious with all of these damn tokens."  But on the other I can't help see it as the better option from their point of view.  Otherwise they essentially have to deal with the already belligerent and divided bitcoin miners, service industry, and community.
On the point about them being a legal entity, the blockchain is still open source and decentralized.  They are still developers and not the "owners" of Stratis.  A grey area to say the least.  Having a small attack surface, no matter the conditions, is never a good thing.  I guess we will see how well proof-of-stake does it's job if this gets legally called into question.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:41:28
I think part of the point is that 100-200 transactions per second is practically nothing as far as a payment network's throughput goes (VISA peaks around 50,000).  And that's comparing it to the legacy payment systems on closed, centralized networks.  Which is similar to trying to judge future bandwidth demand on the internet by using the average number of faxes as a barometer. *Computers* will be automatically transacting and will both hold and exchange crypto balances on their own in milliseconds to trade resources in real time...
If the design isn't trying to account for eventually needing hundreds of thousands or millions of transactions per second, then the framework under which we are thinking about the problem is completely and utterly incorrect.  That's why I think blocksize will very quickly be *almost entirely irrelevant* to any viable and decentralized scaling approach.  If we don't screw up decentralization on the core chain, the scaling can be solved. If we scale at the cost of decentralization, *not only will we get a pathetic excuse for scaling,* but we will never get decentralization back.  
@_date: 2017-06-29 17:15:37
I hate that they pushed back TumbleBit release even though it doesn't really surprise me.  The original goal was pretty optimistic IMO.  Still, I can be patient, it will be worth the wait.
@_date: 2016-05-05 18:10:05
I'm arguing the poster hasn't reproduced their steps.  And not that there is some vats conspiracy against him, but that if they were inaccurate the poster would not know, and yet is still throwing his judgement.  Throwing the word conspiracy theory around is not an appeal to anyone's logic either.  It's so you can not-so-subtly call me an idiot after saying you don't agree.
Edit: Also I have no problem with the poster trusting the public proof of CWs bullshit.  It's the very same thing thing I have done and never suggested he was wrong to do so.  But I do think it's arrogant and of low character to run around posting with thick passive aggressiveness implying Gavin is a dumbass for being fooled.  
@_date: 2017-06-01 12:01:34
The short answer is yes they can, and there is significant benefit to the user. Though with balance limits on channels initially, it will likely require consolidation of larger payments through many open channels. Making any significant purchases will often require new channels being opened/closed.  For a more detailed answer much of this is covered in my article, [The Barely Discussed, Incredible Benefit of the Lightning Network.]( 
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:43:07
Except that decentralized systems are opt-in. America is only what it is today because its largely free market made it an economic powerhouse, and then the political system saw global power in their eyes as they understood that they owned the most powerful and widely used currency on the planet. The "next America" won't have the authority to manipulate that currency in any way.  They will actually have to trade or steal the capital to accomplish their political ambitions.  Doing so is far more difficult than loaning and printing money into thin air.  
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:43:28
You will be *able* to swap to Stratis tokens down the development road, but that isn't *how* the wallet tumbles.  The wallet is simply an implementation of TumbleBit.  It mixes Bitcoin from everyone participating in the tumbler, and does so without the tumbler itself ever having identifying information or control over the coins.
TumbleBit: A Quick How-Does-it...  ok, so when you hash a number you get a seemingly random string of nonsense right?  But every time you hash it, it comes out exactly the same.  The cool thing is that if you add a bunch of numbers together and then add all of their hashes together, the sum of the hashes IS the hash of the sum of all the numbers.  In other words, you can hash a bunch of numbers, do some math with the hashes and confirm,* without ever knowing what numbers were actually involved,* that all of the accounting is error free.  Take this concept, add signatures, multisig channels, and Bitcoin balances, and you get a tumbler that cannot take the coins, has no idea what any users balances are, can mix them securely off chain, and still confirm that all participants ended with the exact same Bitcoin amounts that they started with despite ending up with coins from a completely random, unlinkable address.
After the first release, they plan to add the ability to mix to and from Stratis as well, but for now, the Stratis team is simply trying to get the first implementation of Tumblebit running in their master node system.  They find it an excellent use-case for their Stratis platform and the beginnings of a private, nearly instant, cryptocurrency swap that will be run securely through a decentralized node system.  It's really cool if you are interested, I would definitely recommend checking out what the Stratis team is up to.  Building some cool shit and not trying to compete with Bitcoin, instead trying to work symbiotically with the greatest advantages of the Bitcoin system.  They are very agnostic about what platform is best for any particular application.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:53:05
When you go to a bank and get a loan, that money doesn't exist.  The bank has a charter to write the money into existence when you sign the agreement to "pay it back."  That means the bank, with no money on hand, can create it into thin air, give it to you, and then earn interest payments from you, and eventually the entire balance of the loan.
Think about that real quick... the bank has no money, then is able to write you a check that will earn them the entire balance of the loan, plus monthly interest payments for the next 30 years.  This results in a massive circle of indebtedness.  Where one person gets a loan, and spends it at businesses or on salaries, then those people have gotten some of that loan and appear credit worthy, and then *they* are given loans.  then that loan money circulates again to products, salaries, projects, buildings, and so on.  This cycle gets bigger and bigger and prices get higher and higher until practically everyone has to get loans to make *any* sizeable purchase, owning a home is a thing of the past, and somehow every productive individual in the economy is in debt to the banks.  All because a single, and rather subtle, politically granted authority at the very core of the financial system.
Keep in mind this is a *gross simplification* of what is happening.  There are reserve ratios with savings and an ocean of loan and banking types with different ratios and charter specifications.  But if you boil it all down, the banks are simply and without question, loaning money that doesn't exist, earning interest on it, causing ever increasing prices, and putting the entire productive system in debt to the money makers.  It is literally the very definition of corruption and political privilege.  It is important to remember, however, that the *vast majority* of *both* the people going into debt and the very banks perpetrating the system *have no real grasp of what is happening.*  To nearly everyone, both the thieves and the victims, are just "doing it the way its always been done."
@_date: 2017-06-03 03:42:55


Ah! That's what you are missing. It *doesn't* happen just once.  It happens over and over in layers.  If I take out a $100,000 loan that didn't exist, I then spend it on a house and it becomes a *positive balance* at the buyer's bank.  Then that bank sees supposed *increased reserves* as it just got an influx of $100,000, and is then allowed to loan out more with the $100,000 acting as its fractional reserve.  So the loan becomes backing for *another loan.* Then that one backs *another, and so on.  Every $100 ends up backing nearly $1000 in loans as it moves through the system.  And in certain loan types the ratio is even lower, meaning this is sometimes far worse.


These are lagging indicators.  Income is referred to as a "sticky price."  Commodities, resource costs, energy, housing, cars, medical all rise *before* income.  This is why minimum wage only ever seems to last for a few years before everyone is pissed off and trying to raise it.  Because costs rise far faster than wages for the lower and middle class. In a deflationary and sound money economy, minimum wage would become worth *more* over time.  
@_date: 2016-07-28 01:44:47
Oh I'm stupid.  I think I was confusing it with CSV soft fork.  Thanks for the link though.
@_date: 2017-06-03 16:49:51
Good ol VPN guys supporting the push for the highly supported SegWit.  Even though I have some misgivings about BIP148, if we can make it happen, I would love to see it implemented without a fork.  i may have to start up my own BIP148 node soon.
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:57:47
Exactly! Lmao
@_date: 2017-06-28 12:51:28
The cost of war is absolutely *exorbitant.* Apple has more cash on hand than any company in the world.  They literally could not pay for a year of the Iraq war without draining decades worth of savings.  War is stupid, a massive gamble, and horribly costly.  A private company would run out of funds insanely quickly while simultaneously having to deal with a global population that will no longer believe they are in the right.  
War is a consequence of the incentive and political power to *ensure someone else pays for it.* If Bitcoin massively changes the financial privacy landscape and neuters 99% of the ability for government institutions to print money, it could absolutely threaten the existence of national scale warfare.
@_date: 2017-06-10 15:28:56
Goes into effect on August 1st... [sinister grin]
@_date: 2016-07-12 00:08:41
I'm sorry, but this comparison is nonsense.
@_date: 2016-07-03 22:15:40
Maybe he just didn't know.  I love bitcoin, but this does happen on occasion.  OP isn't smearing anything they are asking a legitimate question and need help/advice. 
My advice for u/SomeLatinPhrase : 
Sorry this happened to you I know its a pain.  It can definitely be cleared up just contact Bitpay.  They have the deposit linked to the Tx ID and can easily resend the confirmation.  I had this exact same problem.  Don't worry, your money isn't gone.
@_date: 2016-07-02 17:56:17
This is a consequence of a debt run society though.  It has nothing to do with a limited supply of currency.  This is always suggested as a consequence of having scarce money where the value goes up and everyone wants to just "hoard" the currency and that this will somehow cause a depression and economic contraction.
This is completely incorrect and has never happened as a result of a scarce currency gaining value.  It happens in our fractional reserve system because new money is issued *as loans* and then those loans then become deposits that back additional loans.  Therefore, when someone defaults on their loans as the crash begins or the market becomes saturated at the artificially low interest rates, *money actually disappears.*  This has the result of vastly *shrinking* the monetary supply since the issued money, no longer backed by the promise to pay it back, gets cleared away.  It has never happened in the history of the world as a consequence of a currency with limited supply that is gaining value from increased productivity or adoption.
This deflationary spiral is a result of a completely stupid system for issuing money as a loan (how can someone pay back money that doesn't exist yet?) and their only fix is to flood the market with newly printed money to fill the disappearing currency from economy-wide defaults.  
I guess I should have been clearer.
@_date: 2017-06-16 14:50:03


Except for maybe... securing $40 billion worth of value exchange in a trustless and decentralized manner where every individual participant can be unequivocally certain and verify for themselves that no one is cheating the system...
So there's that. 
One could argue that spending *hundreds* of billions on a foundationally corrupt and broken financial system, a provably *unfair* distribution of power, and systemic theft of purchasing power for political gain is a *far* worse waste of resources.
@_date: 2017-06-14 05:17:26
That's great!  It is super hard to find specifics for this that comes in detail or explanation form.  I hadn't known about the amount restrictions in classic tumbler mode.  I do remember hearing that the actual tumbling took a while. I'm curious though, I had thought there was a way to make bidirectional payment channels eventually in payment hub mode? Is this only in theory with no concrete solution yet?  And as far as set denominations for the unidirectional channels, you are referring to the amount used to *fund the channel,* not the a required *payment amount* through the channel right? ( i.e. I may have to fund a channel with exactly .1 BTC but can make many small, random purchases with that channel until spending the entire .1 balance, after which I have to close the channel) 
Do I have that right?
I had heard that you had been working together and then split into two projects.  You say it's due to "concerns with their marketing?"  Care to elaborate? 


I've been following both projects because I was curious if there will be any substantial technical differences in the implementations. Or if the Breeze Wallet/ Hidden Wallet will have the same tumbler as far as function/limitations go with simply different wallet/application approaches.  If you know of any detailed reads for either project that has dense specifications without being written in code that would be helpful.
Also, good luck with Hidden Wallet! I hope to be testing both out soon and it's exciting to see two awesome projects so close to fruition.  All fees, blocks, and bickering aside, I think privacy and censorship resistance are the two most critical components to a successful and massive future for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency.
