@_author: crytpoastr0naut
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:28:30
What do you charge?
@_date: 2018-01-16 14:42:20
surely this is humor and I have gotten too old to understand.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:10:22
Checking this on 2 browsers - this site tried to auto-download files.    
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:00:04
This is a clear manipulation of what was once factual information regarding the recent WaveCrest situation.  It was combined with a quick few snippets of statement, and then posted as what could almost be interpreted as FUD or slanted Journalism.
Quite clearly VISA will not process crypto-currency transactions, but the statement is not being used as it is was intended to be interpreted.  VISA itself is not going to "process transactions that are cryptocurrency-based".  "We will only process fiat currency-based transactions" - a concise indication that VISA will not be opening the doors to processing or dealing with crypto directly, IE - VISA is not going to become a backbone crypto-processor of any sort.  NOT that VISA is shutting down card services to providers dealing with cryptocurrencies as this article intends to slant it.
This article takes a stance to professionally FUD crypto.  In our current situation, it seems that more and more, the news articles we should be holding to a standard of esteem; need to be deconstructed by Google search as to ascertain the individual value of each line.  This consistent click generation based-reporting, upon the looming "danger" being presented by these technologies that are considered by many to be uncertain, is an exploit of the underlying doubt that many people have.
Articles of this nature are created for no other purpose than to exploit uncertainty, for the purposes of generating controversy to produce market ad-revenue.  This is not only poor journalism, but is a blatant betrayal to the reader's trust.
The same thing done here could be done with my own comment.
has stated:
"the looming "danger" being presented by these"
"is a blatant betrayal"...
" VISA is shutting down card services to providers dealing with cryptocurrencies"
"This consistent""market" "manipulation"
"created for no other purpose than to exploit uncertainty"
"was intended to be"
"FUD or slanted Journalism"    
tldr; article fell apart after a quick google search of it's contents.  FUD Journalism.
@_date: 2018-01-21 03:01:53
After finding out about this, I'm going to be paying off the remaining on my card with crypto-sourced funds and cancelling very soon, I think.  Any creditor who tells us how we can use our credit in this regard, does not deserve our business.
Anyone who uses crypto, should probably also drop Capital One out of principle.  They've chosen their side.  The wrong side, I think, regardless of what scripted nonsense they try to justify it with.
I apologize if I am a bit heated about this, but I didn't sign up for a nanny; I signed up for a useful card.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:35:22
Thanks for taking a moment to post that.  