@_author: csai
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:51:15
Hey, thanks for your detailed reply. I am aware of paxful, will check out gyft. All the unverified Nigerian sellers there make me wary. 
I am thinking of this mainly as a way to overcome the difficulty of buying in some countries. In India, for instance, the price is a good deal higher than it is on coinbase, and this has to do with the current disparity in volumes. 
Unfortunately, you can't buy on coinbase unless if you are an Indian resident. One way to circumvent this would be to connect users in the US with those in other countries, with some easy way to pay for the btc. Wire transfers can get blocked and are expensive. 
I know that you can buy gift cards on amazon.com with international cards and those are definitely more trustworthy than Colombian iTunes :) The idea is to pay back in gift cards that are universally accepted as legitimate, like the amazon ones for instance. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:02:58
Mr. Nakomoto's anonymity, the original Satoshi client being Windows XP, and his general civility and maturity as demonstrated in his writings point to him being someone else. 
My guess is this is someone who grew up in a commonwealth country speaking English as a native, near-native language, who then moved to the US in his early childhood or adulthood. 
The Windows client would suggest this is not a computer geek in the classical sense. It could also indicate work experience with a goverment contractor as they were largely Windows based. The complete anonymity from the beginning could be an indication that he was at the time employed with a govt agency and was dabbling in this as a side project. NSA perhaps?  
And lastly, the most speculative of all. This is someone who understood the grave risks of exposure and persecution. Is this because of his experience growing up gay? Yes, completely speculative, but since we are all seeing faces in the cloud, why not :)
@_date: 2017-11-30 10:30:29
Hehe no. What I am suggesting is that you HODL what you have but buy additional, for which you receive payment in gift cards. Would you be comfortable doing that?