@_author: csmtg
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:41:38
And this is the thing that I am actually scared of. Bitcoin will not be revolutionary if we are depending on how big a transaction fee is for it to be processed first. Ifthis is the case, bitcoin wont be any different than fiat coin. "If i don't give higher fees, tough luck. I just have to wait longer, hours days."
Quite classic example is that it took me 2 hours to transfer my bitcoin to a 'rebit.ph',  but it took 'rebit.ph' 5 minutes to convert my bitcoin into prepaid mobile load and sent it to the receiver of my choice. 
Would any of the segwit2x etc be able to solve this? Gone with the days (circa 2015) were transaction fee are significantly lower that today, but instantaneous bitcoin transfer. 
I am actually scared of what is happening to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 00:41:33
I think this is the risk that the OP had accepted. 24 hours to wait for a transaction imho is far unenticing than transferring fiat from 1 bank account to another "same bank" bank account (through internet banking). 
Here in Australia, transferring fiat from one bank account (ie. ANZ bank) to another ANZ bank account occurs instantaneous. 
Hopefully any of the upgrades, Segwit, LN, would solve this. But until then, we just have to accept that this is the normal - high fees, longer transaction times.
@_date: 2017-08-24 00:44:43
Yes I agree with the ACH between banks takes days. If you manage to do the ACH (big funds transfer or microtransaction) within the bank business days, you are assured that you will have the funds next day - with the same transaction fees as everyone and the same processing times as everyone. At the moment, bitcoin is not. Bitcoin does not have the "set transaction fees" which that makes it unenticing to do microtransaction. You want your funds to make it next hour, set a higher fees; but this still does not guarantee that you will have it by the next hour. 
Don't get me wrong. I am hodl-ing 80% of my bitcoin, and 20% is being used for purchasing/trading/etc. I am just stating my concern for bitcoin. Will any of the upgrades that was promised to us by the developers fixes this high transaction fees and low confirmation times, time will only tell. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:28:17
I dont think so either. tried that fews days ago, on priority fees, took 8 hrs to confirm. 