@_author: csuwildcat
@_date: 2016-04-14 19:46:49
Not sure about that - but it could make the monetary crimes *they commit* harder to hide.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:27:23
"Inflation is great to minimalize the debt." &lt;-- this is a foolish statement: it's also great for making everyone who holds a currency poorer by silently taxing their stored value. In the sacrificial ceremony that is inflation, it is you, the citizen, who is on the altar.
@_date: 2017-03-28 14:11:47
Google Chrome, a browser and User Agent, just mass-blocked Symantec SSLs for engaging in unsafe issuance of certs. Google just made a default security decision to protect the network and its users.
Now lets apply your logic: "Google, my advice is to stick to Non-Aggression, because the secure state of the Web and its users don't need you defending them by making any default decisions to block actors/activities that degrade network security."
@_date: 2017-03-28 02:35:34
"Question is, when Blockchain is Law and Law is Blockchain, do you want Daniel in Microsoft deciding what happens?"
Dude, are you tired of beating the straw out of that man yet? The user will always have a choice, but there has to be *some* sort of default for the huge % of people who won't understand the choices no matter how you word them.
@_date: 2017-03-27 20:43:19
So how is Daniel using force by saying the equivalent of "Our web browser will block unsafe content that could harm users." with his argument that "A decentralized identity browser (User Agent) would likely default to the fork that better preserves decentralization - a loss of which would severely harm users of a *decentralized* identity system." ???
Choosing one software over another isn't force, it's one ecosystem participant making a choice about how they would try to protect users. Moreover, users would be able to install any decentralized identity UA they choose. I'm not seeing a whole lot of force there - nothing even close to one chain actively discussing launching a network attack on another.
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:36:15
A lot will be said on May 22nd.
@_date: 2017-03-28 02:39:30


Yep, and no one is saying otherwise, not even Daniel - I should know, given I am Daniel.
@_date: 2017-03-27 23:37:01
You seem to be fond of beating strawmen. Nowhere does the ensuing thread that describes the position ( say users would be forced to do anything, and nowhere does it say users would be deprived of the option to choose - you just invented all of that.
Of course User Agents would set sane defaults based on the best info they have about safety/security, in this case the decentralized state of certain chains/forks. But that's 0% different than today: web browsers routinely block insecure content, CAs/certs, suspicious traffic, and sites that have been reported as unsafe - all with the ability for users to override the default security measure. It is *literally* the job of a client User Agent to set sane security defaults for user is interacting with outside systems/content. The assertions here about decentralized identity are entirely within the bounds of what UAs regularly do today.
Additionally, you seem to live in an alternate universe where most people are super technical and would understand *any* sort of "critical alert" popup that described the decentralized state of an underlying blockchain. But just to make sure you are put to your own test, go ahead and wow me with examples of the amazing, descriptive, easy to understand "critical alert" notices you would show that all levels of users would grok well enough to make a choice in the absence of a default - and that means everyone from blockchain nerds to 60 year old grandpas who have a phone to make calls and look at pictures of their kids on social media sites. I'll wait right here.
@_date: 2017-03-30 14:00:55
So in all seriousness:
Imagine users have their IDs rooted in a chain. Something happens to that chain, and let's say it's not even contentious, it was widely accepted. The change empirically and objectively is observed to have centralized the network to the extent that it is now dangerous to rely on it as a decentralized, self-sovereign root of trust. Now know this: we do have a chain migration capability, so it's feasible to roll over to a new chain. All that said, what do you do? Certainly you can't just sit there, given user identities would be in very real danger. Given we can't just say/do nothing in the case of a failure of decentralization, the realistic options would be:
1) Do an emergency transfer, only once shit goes full-on FUBAR, which may be at a point where users have already experienced harm.
2) Support only provably decentralized options in main UI, and do whatever we can to help preserve the decentralized state of networks our users most commonly select.
@_date: 2017-03-29 04:57:51
No, it's quite clear you don't get it: the equivalent to malicious web requests in the decentralized identity space is malicious (but possibly unintentional) degradation of the decentralized state of the network. You seem hopelessly caught up in the coin/fork/ideology side of this, and fail to understand that a UA in this case isn't concerned with coins or ideology, they're  supporting whichever option results in more robust decentralization.
For you to claim that a decentralized identity UA should not try to protect the decentralized state of user identities by providing them a default based on objective, empirical analysis of the decentralized state of the given options, is completely divorced from reality and the issue at bar.
@_date: 2017-03-29 10:38:02
LOL, bought my first Bitcoins at $4 and fell the crony stagnation of Internet Explorer with Firefox while working at Mozilla for half a decade. But yeah, definitely cast me as some Bitcoin newbie in comparison to you, and decry the implicitly required choice a User Agent *must* make in providing a simple, user-protecting default that can be optionally changed at the user's sole discretion.
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:46:20
Given you seem to be propagating your invented strawman arguments as many places as possible on Reddit (and god knows where else), I'll go ahead and paste the refutation from the other thread you were plastering with falsehoods and inaccuracies: 
You seem to be fond of beating strawmen. Nowhere does the ensuing thread that describes the position ( say users would be forced to do anything, and nowhere does it say users would be deprived of the option to choose - you just invented all of that.
Of course User Agents would set sane defaults based on the best info they have about safety/security, in this case the decentralized state of certain chains/forks. But that's 0% different than today: web browsers routinely block insecure content, CAs/certs, suspicious traffic, and sites that have been reported as unsafe - all with the ability for users to override the default security measure. It is literally the job of a client User Agent to set sane security defaults for user is interacting with outside systems/content. The assertions here about decentralized identity are entirely within the bounds of what UAs regularly do today.
Additionally, you seem to live in an alternate universe where most people are super technical and would understand any sort of "critical alert" popup that described the decentralized state of an underlying blockchain. But just to make sure you are put to your own test, go ahead and wow me with examples of the amazing, descriptive, easy to understand "critical alert" notices you would show that all levels of users would grok well enough to make a choice in the absence of a default - and that means everyone from blockchain nerds to 60 year old grandpas who have a phone to make calls and look at pictures of their kids on social media sites. I'll wait right here.
@_date: 2017-03-28 04:41:00
My "hat" is black and gold. Black for non-aggression in all cases except self-defense or defense of others, and gold for self-ownership and voluntary exchange.
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:48:33
You hit the nail on the head! Browsers and UAs have to have sane defaults non-technical people can use without being blockchain and decentralized system experts. I explained this exact thing to Smeggle on the first thread he posted this on, and he never responded to it.
@_date: 2019-05-16 19:56:40
The first idea for the protocol happened in October of 2017, but it took us a while to spec it out and develop it in the open source community as a contribution to the public commons. Big companies just take a long time to do these kinds of things, which is something I myself get frustrated about.
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:30:14
ION is not a sidechain or peer consensus system - the L2 nodes do not require any additional consensus mechanism beyond the underlying Bitcoin blockchain for them to operate and independently apply their deterministic protocol rules.
@_date: 2019-05-16 20:06:09
The irony here is amazing.  
I am a Voluntaryist libertarian who abhors both authoritarianism/corporatism, and worked at Mozilla for half a decade fighting for the Web against Microsoft (when they weren't operating as they do under Satya). It was at Mozilla in early 2012 that I began planning this decentralized identity tech. Years later, I joined Microsoft to start their decentralized identity initiative and work on these protocols/components. I would never be working for Microsoft if all the things you claim were true.
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:41:05
The system is not about creating a single identifiers, instead, you may have an identifier per relationship, called pairwise IDs. This is specifically to ensure that you are not correlated across all your digital interactions. We can achieve the benefits of a standard, self-owned, decentralized ID, without relying on a single ID that degrades user privacy.
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:31:57
Solid is based on a long rejected proposal called WebID, which is based on existing DNS, and essentially as centralized as the present ICANN/CA system.
@_date: 2019-05-16 19:52:30
The problem this solves is that today's digital identifiers are usernames and passwords that cannot be used for the secure, user-owned, user-controlled basis of digital identity (including some of the things you're saying, like various personal proofs). This open, permissionless protocol solves this by making it possible for anyone to create a Decentralized Identifier that they own and control. This protocol is not tied to MSFT, Azure, or Active Directory in any way - it's literally just code that runs atop Bitcoin without any binding to MSFT. To your point about undeserved people lacking ID and proofs in the world: we're specifically working through our Philanthropies division to use this in aiding refugees and others who need a basis for digital ID and proofs that is not owned or controlled by MSFT, companies, or governments (though some of those entities may sign valuable proofs the person can own as well)
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:34:41
It is equally as permissionless as Bitcoin itself, given all you need to participate in the L2 network is to create a Bitcoin transaction that is encoded in accordance with the deterministic protocol. There are no permissioning entities, additional consensus systems, validators, or centralized entities that decide who can use the protocol.