@_author: ctblizzard
@_date: 2019-07-30 21:33:55
Ok will send email thanks for your response!
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:21:44
Had a small amount of bitcoin very early, sold too early but made a little in the past. The difference now is there are 2500 plus other coins, ICOs seemingly daily and futures on bitcoin allowing for manipulation by a small group of people. The banning noise doesnt help but Bitcoin weathered that in the past. I poked around with a few people that are wired in better than I am and so far I found out long term big gain holders are selling and diversifying into public blockchain companies, some even running them or setting up hedge funds for cryptos rather than holding as long term as they thought before. Also with global growth on the rise, interest rates are starting to move which takes the wind out of bubble pricing across asset classes.  I think the headwinds are somewhat different this time. As always a big downdraft in any asset can be a buying opportunity but with so many options that buying is not as clear cut and focused on one coin. The other issue mentioned to me from active traders is that most of the alt-coins need to be purchased by selling bitcoin , ether or a few other currencies, which puts constant pressure on them. Good luck to everyone...
@_date: 2019-07-29 07:15:36
Hey Ross, thanks for the free issue pdf. I wish you luck with the magazine. Are print subscriptions still available? Back issues in print? Not sure as I am in the US and when I went to website it seems print issues just in Canada.  Have you ever considered covering Bitcoin SV (BSV) ?  Or perhaps all forks of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:58:37
I like how people always compare the past to the future. When bitcoin was the only game in town it was much easier to see a path. Now there are 2500 plus coins, bitcoin splits, ether splits, even  coin called totallyuseless. Half the companies in the world with zero prospects suddenly became blockchain companies and not only has the big money moved in to manipulate markets but the big boys, the big believers have been selling so as not to suddenly look stupid after amassing fortunes. Best of luck to everyone :)
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:01:48
I do think this is interesting news but to be honest many are hoping paypal and all their fees get bumped out of the picture. Money transfer costs are so high for everyone. Between ATM fees, paypal fees, moneygram fees etc, everyone has fees. I thought the beauty of bitcoin is TINY FEES if any. The powers will usurp bitcoin for their own purposes. Its better that it evolve as an alternative to paypal.  Already people are accepting bitcoin for some ebay items (not many but a few) and tons of bitcoins are sold on ebay (both the hard real ones and the intangible ones).