@_author: cuendillar
@_date: 2015-02-04 01:32:53
SooperModelsDotCom, you sir are a good man.  I appreciate the bits, but I can't accept it.  Coinbase was open and honest about what happened and reimbursed my lost BTC.  This could have been a very expensive lesson.  I spent the entire day reading up on cold storage, trezors, paper wallets, etc.  I plan to be more diligent with emails and take a more secure approach to my bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:08:37
I know.  I'm still in shock.  And I'm always so careful with scam emails.  I can't believe I fell for a stupid scam like this.  I contacted Coinbase support, but they said they can't do shit.  So I'm fucked.  I learned the hard way.  I've live.  I just hope those fuckers burn in hell.  
Sorry to hear you got ripped off too.
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:33:06
I just got sucked into this email and they swiped 5.005167 BTC from me.  I just bought these bitcoins 2 weeks ago so this is a really harsh lesson for me to learn.  I'm still in shock.  I hope this info helps others avoid this scam.  Here is the info:
From: posteconferma712058
Subject: New Service Agreement
Coinbase Cloud Aplication Update.
Additional features include:
- Send and request bitcoin 
- Check balance, transaction history and transaction details for all your accounts in a glance
- Send bitcoin via email, QR code, with zero transaction fees
- Remotely disable your phone's access if it is lost or stolen
If you still want to use our Coinbase Phone App will have to accept the new conditions and re-link Coinbase App to your account:
Accept Terms of Use and link account to Coinbase Application
Kind regards,
The Coinbase Team
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:37:28
Here's a screenshot of the actual email.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:27:58
UPDATE from Coinbase:
This morning Coinbase discovered a phishing attack that came via email, requesting users to click to accept a New User/Service Agreement. This prompted users to sign in to their accounts and authorize a malicious application to remove bitcoin from their Coinbase Wallet. Unfortunately your account was one of the few affected. This malicious application has been shut down, and your account is now fully secure.
Coinbase is dedicated to protecting your bitcoin. While it is vital that you protect your login information so no one can gain unauthorized access to your Coinbase account, in this case the attacker was able to name the application Coinbase and request debit permission without proper authentication. For this reason, we've returned the bitcoins that were removed from your account by this application. I'm extremely sorry for any undue stress you've experienced due to this theft - thank you for your patience and understanding!
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:42:40
Same boat as you.  I just got scammed out of 5+ BTC.  I had the exact same email as you.  I'm so pissed as I've never been scammed into anything like this before.  I'm new to bitcoin and just bought these 2 weeks ago.  It's a harsh lesson, but I still plan to buy more BTC in the future, little by little and take a LOT more precautions.  Anyhow, here's a screenshot of the email I received.  [Imgur](