@_author: cumblewhore
@_date: 2018-02-06 11:18:53
Why you hef to disable text posting? Is only bitcoin
Pasted post below
v v v v v v v v v v 
Im one of the lucky ones who got it right about bitcoin. Bought at 2K and sold at 17K.
Im well aware there are plenty even more lucky than me who bought at 10 dollars but thats not the point of this post.
I understand how most recent capitulators will be really nervous that the price might jump up again, so are spreading fud to try and suppress it. My best advice can be: DO NOT FOMO BACK IN.
I like crypto currency. The crypto bank cant decide not to open one day like greek banks did and cause mayhem. That makes it great to hold some crypto as a small hedge just incase of a doomsday. But in my opinion holding it as an investment is a terrible idea. 
You cant put a value on bitcoin. It doesnt produce anything. The only way it will become a real world currency is if all the banks dont open one day. 
Wait until this whole thing has blown over and the price has stabalised. I dont know what that price will be, but stay out of bitcoin until it happens. Even if this continues for years (i doubt that).
Its possible for bitcoin to go back to 10k before crashing again, because thats what markets like this do. Dont gamble on it unless you can afford to (most of you cant).
If you want to invest, become a value investor. Invest in things that produce value for you.
Crash followed by stabalisation is what we need to SAVE bitcoin. The day the banks dont open, bitcoin instantly moons higher than ever before. Congratulations you won when that happens. Bull markets like what we just witnessed are pointless. Be careful in the future. 
This message isnt designed to encourage hodlers to sell. You can do whatever you want, i have no advice for you to be honest.
I have no bitcoin anymore, but ill buy some after i can see a sustained price for a prolonged period. I dont want to be a speculator, and neithr should anyone else except gambling addicts, quite frankly.
I got banned on othr accounts for making posts like this last month but i hope the delusion has dissolved a little bit.
@_date: 2018-02-06 12:41:58
You fail at trolling tbh. LMAOing at your life