@_author: cuntweasel
@_date: 2018-02-03 20:03:40


Privatization or pay-per-use. How do tax havens run all the stuff you mentioned? How did the US run before 1913 when they legalized income taxes?


Theft is defined as the taking of another person's property or services without that person's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it. How can not paying your taxes be theft when you're basically not taking anything from anyone but only refuse to share what is yours? How exactly are net beneficiaries of my tax dollars the rightful owners of my money?
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:43:12


I do use the roads, but guess what I prefer toll roads to their "free" alternatives. I've been using the 407 in Toronto (tolled highway) for most of my adult life because it's privatized and way better than the government-run highways. Using the 407 as much as I do would actually be cheaper than paying taxes and using shitty ass crowded public highways. 
When I did go to school, it was paid for by my parents through their taxes (as well as mine, after I started working). My kids go to private schools so that they can get a decent education. If I didn't have to pay taxes school would also be cheaper.
Police and fire departments. Police don't actually do shit, they have yet to prove themselves helpful in my life. So far everything that was stolen from me remained stolen and the cops did shit all about it. Regarding fires, I already have home insurance which would cover that. Increase home insurance prices, cut the taxes, and just with school and roads it would be cheaper.
So to recap: I'm currently paying taxes but on top of it I'm paying for private schools, toll roads, as well as private healthcare because the magnificent services the government offers in return for the money it takes from me are crap.


Yeah but I don't use those services, so why would I pay for something I'm not actually using and how would not paying for something I'm not using nor asked for be theft?