@_author: cuntingtonsmithe
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:07:52
I’m pretty certain kids like to mimic things that they see... usually why they like bin men etc. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 00:37:52
Here's an idea, don't bother giving advice if you don't know how to deliver it.
I don't understand why you'd bother if you A) don't know how to appropriately give advice or B) give a shit about someone getting into bitcoin and cryptocurrency with a bit of appropriate guidance.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:22:15
I'm not saying it would never happen but realistically you'd have to be pretty fucking unlucky. 
I saw plenty of people dumping money into accounts, gifts from relatives, gambling wins, there's just too many transactions for people at a ground level to thoroughly investigate and interrogate very large-ish transaction. It would mostly be a combination of a few things that would set a red flag off.
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:53:55
They might fill out a SAR (suspicious activity report), it'll just be for money laundering purposes to show that as a cashier they've done their job. Just tell them it's from the sale of some assets and you'll be fine. You have the proof of everything anyway. In regard to tax I'd probably check.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:22:10
Errr bollocks. I worked in a bank and filled out several SAR reports. Absolutely. Nothing. Happened.
Perhaps my particular bank manager was being relaxed but I ran it up to the guys who were supposed to investigate and they basically sent it back to us telling us to look into it. It was an absolute joke and potentially wasn't what was supposed to happen. But don't tell me I'm giving misinformation when I've done this first hand. It might not be the correct protocol in my place but it happened.
I am however remembering that the 10k thing was just a high value check list and that I believe was self imposed by my particular bank I worked for, that just checked a few basic things like how long the account had been open for, and some information regarding the source of the funds (which you're supposed to ask naturally as a cashier, they didn't want us to quiz you and spook you). In al honest, 10k is nothing, if that landed in your account you'll probably get a phone call from someone there alerting you to the deposit and trying to get you to come into open one of their poorly rewarding savings accounts. Again this was all about 4 years ago, wouldn't surprise me if it's all changed.
@_date: 2017-08-16 05:57:29
Well fair enough, it didn't even seem as though it went anywhere so based off my limited knowledge and experience I provided the best advice possible within circumstances. No one in their right mind would fill out a SAR report for someone depositing 10k. In the 2 years I worked there I only did it because of an account with regular large deposits and a lot of subsequent foreign transactions in Russia.
I also highly down OP will even have an account manager if he's just a normal customer - that's generally only for high valued customers (high amount of savings such as £100k+ or £200k+ salaries).
Either way I suspect he has nothing to worry about as cryptocurrency is perfectly legal, he's not doing anything fraudulent. I'd be more concerned regarding HMRC, he should look into the appropriate avenue regarding tax on crypto. 