@_author: cuppajoke
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:08:08


lololol. ain't nothing human about consuming digital services in a mesh pattern (or otherwise).
I applaud the enthusiasm, but what if I don't want to be a "node" or spend much time on/around computer networks? How do I avoid being governed then? Why do I have to participate in a Matrix-style cyberpunk fantasy?
Technology remains the best way to govern/eavesdrop/consolidate power -- from weapons to communication. As long as people need a secure paycheck, they will embrace cushy jobs in the hierarchy. (A cryptokid might be as brilliant as 5 NSA employees, but they have salaries, the law, and guns on their side.)
The average person doesn't want to think about this stuff, they just want to consume the services of centralized, convenient behemoths. They are quite happy being governed, so long as they can believe in a reasonably-same future for their children under the same structure. And if ever that gets threatened, they will BEG the government to expand and participate in their life.
Yes, technology enables a small amount of decentralized shenanigans, but if it ever starts to become a serious problem (substantially less taxes being collected etc), they will lock down the Internet via commercial ISPs. What are you going to do then? Use your local radio-based mesh network with ISDN speeds, if that?
@_date: 2015-02-18 08:04:27
"Lock down," not "shut down". 
That could take many forms, but off the top of my head: blocking all non-backdoored crypto traffic, under penalty of arrest / asset forfeiture / etc. (Obviously they couldn't catch everything, but random spot checks of suspicious traffic and people snitching on their fellow man would make those kinds of laws enforceable-enough)
To clarify, I'm saying this would be the response to a significant fraction (5-10%?) of people going "dark" and conducting all their transactions via cryptocurrencies, distributed marketplaces, etc.
In other words, it won't ever happen, because the circumstances that would trigger it would never happen.