@_author: curiosityisakiller
@_date: 2014-02-23 11:28:33
I too am curious how this would play out.
(When BTC withdrawals were working) Mt. Gox could have just claimed that if customers want to withdraw their funds immediately they could purchase BTC with them and withdraw. USD withdraws simply take time. The courts would agree that a X month waiting period for USD withdrawals was inconvenient, but Mt. Gox is not actively withholding customers' money.
Now that BTC withdrawals aren't working you can make the argument that funds are being withheld, but Gox would just argue: USD = still slow, BTC = Just broke, being fixed soon. So again, not actively withholding funds, just being inconvenient (in the eyes of the court).
Right? "I know I can get BTC, but I want USD! And I'm suing because the service isn't fast enough!" isn't a legal argument (back when btc withdrawals were working, of course...)
TL;DR Many of you brought this on yourselves by not simply biting the bullet and withdrawing everything as BTC when you had the chance! Sure, you might have lost 10% with the exchange rate, but that's what investing is all about.
@_date: 2013-06-27 17:23:48
I put in whatever I can spare (risk losing?) as savings.
Even if governments clamp down on bitcoin, it won't ever go away I don't think. And if it gets hard to buy and sell, that will probably make the price even higher when selling to local buyers because it's ahrder to get a hold of. Unless the buyers are undercover cops or something, then you're in trouble!
@_date: 2013-06-13 07:44:17
I wouldn't. The site design is totally half-assed, they obviously didn't invest very much in this venture. The description of their service shows a profit for them, which is the firs thing to check when investigating a scam, but it still doesn't sound like a workable business plan. Tons of people would want to buy at 2% under, but no one would want to sell for 8% under! (That is, unless the price moved up more than 8% over average for the day, which it rarely does.) 
@_date: 2013-07-21 08:01:20
Buying locally does seem like an easy and safe solution. I've heard a lot of people having problems and inconveniences with the big exchanges.
@_date: 2013-07-27 15:41:34
Oh wow thanks for the info. Interesting... Your whois link didn't really say who registered it, but it does give an address in Tokyo. I just got some btc from a friend and would be willing to send some just to see what happens. I don't know how much is needed to turn the first bar green, but if it's like 10 bucks why not :)
@_date: 2013-06-13 07:55:09
I don't think that's how karma works. It rewards you with good things when you are good and punishes you with bad things when you are bad. It doesn't give you a consolation prize if things go sour (unless you do good throughout the whole ordeal and don't turn to "bad" actions in which case point  applies).
At least that's how I understand it?