@_author: curmudgeon99
@_date: 2014-03-12 00:29:26
Your personal situation is not my concern. I don't wish pain on anyone but this issue has been allowed to fester for too long. 
I invite you to read Nicholas Shaxton's amazing book on this subject: "Treasure Islands: Uncovering the Damage of Offshore Banking and Tax Havens". I lived in Russia and understand the entire issue of being an expat. If you have $50,000 in assets in an offshore bank then you are not hurting. That's the limit. You should have already had to file an FBAR after your offshore assets were larger than $10,000. But even that asshole Romney blew that off.
I have no desire to inflict pain on an expat. But if any wiggle room is provided in this law, it will not be effective. If this kills you then you can just renounce. Then you are paying taxes in your country of residence and no where else. 
Regret that any person who doesn't deserve to suffer from this law is getting hit--but it's just gone too far to play softball. Shaxton lays it out clearly. Offshore tax evasion is killing the United States. It is used by virtually every fatcat out there and to catch the fatcats, some skinny cats are going to get fleeced. Not my idea of a good thing but I can't imagine any wiggle room that lets the skinny cats escape without the fatcats sliding through too.
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:34:02
Your loose associations do not comprise a point. Can you try again to make some sense so I can shoot it down. It's really hard to apply logic to your random assertions. Best of luck with that. 
Finally the moniker is "curmUdgeon" and the source you referred to was "wikiPEDIA", not "wiki" which doesn't mean anything.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:24:00
Your beef is not with me. Are you not aware of the extensive tax evasion that has gone on in places like the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, the Bahamas, the British Virgin Islands, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man, etc? Had not many Americans ruined it for you by actively evading taxes on their millions, you would not have faced this problem. So, if your situation is truly dire, then I pity you. But you would not be the first person caught in a dragnet that was intended to catch bigger fish.
I still find it hard to fathom how compliance will cost you so much if your income is so tiny. By the way, FATCA compliance starts at $50,000. You would have already been subject to FBAR compliance as soon as you had $10,000 in any foreign bank so your problem has been much longer in existence than just FATCA. 
Please explain to me how your $30,000 income causes you problem when the FATCA compliance threshhold is $50,000?
I suspect you're gilding the lily here...
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:58:13
Best of luck. Having lived all over the world, I do prefer to live in the United States. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 11:35:46
FATCA is a godsend.
Given the epidemic of tax evasion that has swept across the globe, this law is just what the doctor ordered. It's important to only give the great benefits of citizenship in the United States to people who are paying taxes here. If you doubt the problem of offshore tax evasion, I point you to Nicholas Shaxton's awesome book: "Treasure Islands: Uncovering the Damage of Offshore Banking and Tax Havens". 
You and people like you are whining because the sweet having-your-cake-and-eating-it-too deal you've had is going away. You and others like you have only yourselves to blame. By your greed and desire to benefit from US Citizenship without paying for it, you've brought this upon yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:47:50
Douchebag. Are you actually using wikipedia as your source with a straight face? Nothing more need be said--you have destroyed your argument right there.
Secondly, what do you think motivated the US government to pass this law? HNW tax evasion. You beef is neither with me nor with the US government: it's with people who, for the past two decades have turned tax evasion into a fine art. 
Finally, you supposedly "independent" source, the "Association of Certified Financial Crime Specialists" self identifies as being affiliated with a host of financial services companies that SOLD tax evasion schemes. Ernst &amp; Young, for example paid a $123 Million fine in March of 2013 to avoid prosecution for the tax shelter it marketed. So, you are essentially citing the fox as an authority on how to manage the henhouse. 
In short, douche, FATCA is just what the doctor ordered. Your hyperbolic response only confirms that fact. Tax evasion is against the law. Do bank robbers have much luck getting the laws against bank robbery subjected to a "cost/benefit" analysis? Not. The point of this law IS to inflict pain on people--most likely you included--who have been getting away with blatant tax evasion for years. So, if you tell me this is going to hurt you... GOOD. That makes me very happy.
You have a simple solution too: get out. Renounce your citizenship and subject yourself to the mafia capitalism that exists around the globe. There are people around the globe only too willing to steal your bitcoins. Get on with making yourself a patsy. I hope you suffer. I hope you rue the day that you decided to be too cute by half and evade your taxes. I hope it hurts... a lot. That would make a lot of honest, tax-paying Americans delighted. 
So, good riddance. Suffer and like it... tax evader. 
 
@_date: 2014-08-11 20:24:59
Easier for hackers to steal your bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:54:05
You are entirely random, sir.