@_author: cutofurjib
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:09:54
There is an accepted definition of a bank and FDCI insured is a benefit of being with a bank but not a definition of a bank. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:08:54
Another problem is people are complaining about CB having to follow certain regs when reality is they have no choice and the people complaining the loudest and the most aren't themselves doing anything to make a situation better. For example- start your own bitcoin company and try to get bank support while ignoring regulations and law and take the risks yourself or alternatively and more realistically start organizing and working towards changing the regulatory landscape. 
I hate to say it but if you aren't doing one or the other or both then all you are doing is whining. Stomping feet and saying bitcoin companies are unfair isn't a solution. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 19:30:22
The moment bitcoin introduces mandatory mixing will be the day that bitcoin will die everywhere except DNM. No bank, no company, no legit merchant is going to touch something that could be for example, the direct result of child porn sales. 
So bitcoin will become great for DNM but not much else. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:06:14
Man don't let douchebags ruin your thought and idea. This is the internet 99% of the people who comment are just assholes that want everyone else to be as miserable as they are. 
I opened what at the time seemed to be a very small investment for my niece many years ago. I couldn't afford much as I was a US Marine at the time. I added a bit here and there over the years. People laughed when I invested in Tyson Chicken and Walmart. 
You'd be surprised what that small investment accrued to over the 25+ years. She'll have a good life and she has grown up learning about money and responsibility. 
They may not get rich but they will certainly appreciate the thought- especially as a friend. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 17:49:37
disregard my apologies
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:49:30
Wow angry much? Are the veins in your head and neck poking out? 
@_date: 2015-06-22 19:04:12
how about you post the address you dealt with then? 
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:24:20
Nope- I have authorized the bank to refund him not only the full amount but this lucky SOB will be the beneficiary of every bitcoin sent to a "closed address" 
We have got to stop this trend of closed addresses. Power Rangers are on the case!
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:24:04
Well, one of the benefits of regulation that people hate so much is that CB customers in states with the regulations have to have bonds to ensure that the vast majority of claims in a state re paid if they go under. So if you live in a state that regulates MSBs you are better off than if you aren't. Obviously there are caveats to this just like their are caveats to FDIC insured.  If there was a true financial collapse FDIC insurance won't do anyone much good and may even make the problem more critical by creating yet more catastrophic debt. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:22:26
Raccoons do that stuff in my neighborhood all the time. I thought it was just me... 
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:34:42
You get it
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:30:12
Corrupt? that is a full on accusation any evidence of corruption? Or just piling on? 
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:00:00
I highly doubt everyone in societies where people can barely make change for a 1 dollar bill will ever full switch over to a system where you will pay .07768 for something. 
Everything has a use bitcoin certainly does but people are far too lazy to deal solely with bitcoin. 
The other simple fact is this regardless of what people think, want to believe etc even good ideas like bitcoin exist at the leisure of gov'ts. Because we vote them in to office or for those who have a million excuses for not voting they wreck the we the people part of the equation and then complain. 
If bitcoin is to ever be bigger than an overly complicated way to buy dope we will need regulated companies. I don't think the two extremes are necessarily wrong. 
If someone for some reason needs the internet to buy dope bitcoin will work. Others will use a regulated entity to conduct normal commerce. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 22:58:59
What is an invasion of privacy order? How would a company push back on one? 
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:21:32
I don't care what these people say you need to demand that you bank refund the money to you for your unfortunate bitcoin issue. You can't let the bank get away with this. Go in there and raise hell with them brother we are behind you. Scream until they see the truth that it is their fault. And when you leave there go to the electric company and demand they too pay you back were it not for the electricity you'd still have your money dude. and finally and most importantly demand that you ISP steps up to the plate and pays you. Jesus this conspiracy goes deep!  Do NOT take no for an answer fight the MAN!!! Take it to the supreme court- I bet GWB AND Obama got a piece of your money.&lt;snicker&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:07:00
He gets more attention by posting a lie than if he were to quote you accurately. 
Even if you/they (CB) did take steps to try to ensure they weren't being used to conduct illicit activity, so what?- A company, has every right in the world to protect its interests. 
And OP BTW banks sure as hell do monitor your activity (3 words- Currency Transaction Report) and they will shut down your account and file on you based on patterns and trends and nothing more- At least some bitcoin companies are taking steps to try to confirm suspicions. No evidence of wrong doing? Keep the account open and don't report. Simple. 
Bank? Well he withdrew or deposited X amount of cash File a report to the feds, suspect daily withdraws/deposits? Shut down account. 
I wouldn't want my bitcoin in a company that was cavalier on this topic which would then potentially create a situation where funds get locked up, employees get in trouble etc., etc. I can't run a business using a company that may get bent over by the feds at any moment. 
If any of you owned a company would you sacrifice your freedom, risk massive fines, legal bills, etc. so you could let some stranger buy dope or whatever? Are any of you REALLY that naive? 
Thankfully the bulk of the bitcoin community seems to be intelligent enough to understand legit companies are courting legit business- not someone who buys dope on occasion. That is all risk no reward. 
And finally instead of the incessant whining why don't some of you guys band together start up a bitcoin company and then you can help folks buy stuff on DNMs. Stop demanding someone else risk things for you. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 17:58:10
Do you have an example you can detail? The problem with a lot of these claims is we only get one side of the story because obviously a company cannot post details of a customer's financial account. So until I see proof that they did this I am going to go with the idea that people who have been busted tend to make stuff up. And people who want to think the worst about something will tend to believe that. I can't imagine a situation where I'd buy in to or repeat what is basically a rumor.
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:43:23
Sounds like CB doesn't trust you either and with good reason. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:26:00
Wait are you suggesting that coinbase should follow your bank's business practices? the same assholes that have shafted many people and have paid untold billions in fines?
CB should follow their lead to avoid regulatory fines? Grow up.
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:17:00
Seems like you are the one that needs to reread the regs. Travel rule has absolutely nothing to do with this topic. That is entirely different and has specific criteria and has nothing to do with the bulk of ecommerce transactions. In example- Travel rule doesn't apply to a 100 dollar transaction but a smart company may want to ensure that 400 customers aren't sending 100 bucks to someone on DN for pot, child porn, heroin, terrorism. 
And yes, I realize there are other things on the DN but since a company cannot know WHAT you buy they may only know who you are buying it from the safe bet is to assume someone is not buying jolly ranchers on Agora.   
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:27:20
I am still amazed at how many companies run by so called adults run to the internet to work out an issue with another company. If I had to guess even if they wanted to let the guy back on the site after he immediately went out and whined. And yet another story where we are only hearing one side of the story. I bet like everything there are 2 sides to this but unfortunately financial companies like Coinbase aren't allowed to publicly respond. So users can fire away online with no rebuttal. 
Interesting way to handle your business buddy. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:10:42
Really is that simple-But then again you are probably smart and not lazy. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:09:59
absolutely correct- you said what I tried to say just much better than I did. 
The simple fact is any of these people can go start a bitcoin company, take the risks and do what they want CB to do. The reality is though that they won't take the risk, they won't do the work, they know that they would end up being Bubba's girlfriend. 
I am guessing right about now DPR wishes he would have not done so many stupid things. 
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:31:55
If he is violating terms is he still a customer? does he still deserve an explanation if he knowingly created the situation? So he could what come here and whine about how unfair things are? He is clearly lacking integrity. 
Thankfully lots of smart folks here see through this BS&gt; 
@_date: 2015-06-25 22:39:42
Got proof or just advertising for alternatives? 
Do you have ANY idea what kind of audit the OP is talking about? Does the OP specifically mention a type of audit or do you feel all audits just cause a gushing of information? 
What question is it on a State exam that would have CB or any company releasing that info? I have never seen that question or anything requesting this info on a state money transmission exam (not audit) 
How about annual financial audit? Where would that be and why would that information be necessary on a corporate financial audit? 
What organization do you think conducts an audit on a MSB or licensed money transmitter. 
Unless I have missed something I will tell you that you have NO idea WTF you are talking about. Unless of course you can state factually what "audit" they release this info. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:28:35
The oddest math is 459 up votes in 23 hours on a thread like this. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:37:18
While I disagree with his l1960's comments for MY personal life he is talking about how he personally feels and it is understandable. I like my freedom and privacy and work hard to give that to others even though sometimes accused of the opposite. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 18:12:23
yeah those rules in place for decades sure have worked towards making our US gov't small. WTF are you thinking? I gotta say for some smart folks you guys often say some stupid stuff. 
There are laws, rules and things we have to do and follow. If I don't like a law I can't just say fuck it and break it or whine about it online. 
Coinbase is forced to follow rules/laws. If we don't like it whining does nothing we have to change the laws. Coinbase can't be expected to ignore laws and put themselves at risk for us. 
Do you guys REALLY think companies should break laws, ignore illegal activity for our benefit and risk fines, jail time etc for us? Because we toss them a few pennies for a transaction? 
Change the laws stop the whining. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:47:26
I don't think companies have to share ALL customer info with USG. A few seconds of research will show you when and where financial institutions or MSBs, etc have to share data with the government. It isn't as sinister as many want to believe. Since I have seen this type of question asked many times I thought I'd do some research and get the facts. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:09:04
I love this thread- dude learned a few great lessons today. 
1. Not everyone is as stupid as he is
2. Most people don't think sending money with stupid comments= humor
3. He apparently doesn't understand Reddit as well as he thought he did (obviously he thought we'd get up in arms)
4. He'll have to continue to sleep with his sister until he is smart enough to get a job and move out
5. Coinbase's data mining knows when he is touching himself or his his aforementioned sister.
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:41:27
Got any evidence of this or are you one of those people that complains that a company does X while you are making baseless accusations? 
Please show us proof of this government database that Coinbase is part of and anything else you have collected in the way of evidence. Or did you just forget to take your meds for a few days. 
In my mind someone making accusations they cannot back with solid evidence is as bad as what you are accusing the company of doing.  People work there, they have lives and for you to just accuse them of basically several crimes with no evidence is ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:07:46
I think at some point many folks are going to have to realize that for bitcoin to be useful and to really be accepted it will have to be smacked with some regulatory things. You can either stomp your feet throw a tantrum and refuse to  play and just send your bitcoin to a very small subset of sites which would ultimately make it fairly worthless. 
Or we can stand up for ourselves and let the politicians know that we understand there is a need for some regulatory fluff but we'd appreciate it if they didn't go nuts with it. The simple fact is this- No gov't is going to let us just send massive amounts of money wherever we want, whenever we want. 
And should we be pissed at the criminals who end up making things uglier for all of us. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:56:22
Nicely done Coinbase!!
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:52:09
Exactly- don't people use google anymore? Anyone putting money in payza deserves what they get. I mean seriously just spend a few minutes researching those guys. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:48:20
They do do this- The Travel Rule is all about collecting simple ID information on transactions over X amount. Circle just happened to collect this information during sign up. So it is 6 of 1 half a dozen of the other. In other words either you give it to them upfront or you give it to them during the transaction. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:26:03
Didn't Payza get like in uber trouble with regulators in the US and forced out of here? I seem to remember reading on message boards they held on to people's money but of course they had an excuse as to why it wasn't their fault. 
Is this REALLY a great pairing of talent? 
@_date: 2014-11-10 23:32:52
Interesting story but I don't believe for 1 second that someone else just happened to find your chat window open and added those comments. 
I know folks like to joke around but guess what Coinbase and other companies like them are financial services. I kind of like the idea that they are serious about our money and what goes on. 
I wouldn't feel great about having my hard earned money in a company that thought protecting money, accts etc was just a big session of fun. 
Grow up take responsibility for your actions. A good place to start would be to stop the BS about someone else in the office screwed you over. I assume you are an adult- put on your big boy pants and own it. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:21:19
Yep, no one has ever been busted after handing cash over to someone for something illegal. 
Cash is in fact traceable. Ask a bank robber that has tried to cash in a 100 USD bill. 
The way to avoid getting caught is to avoid doing the deed in the first place. And then if you do do the deed and get caught at least be man enough to own up to it. 
The idea that Coinbase, Bitstamp any legitimate company is here for the amusement and or abuse of its users is ridiculous. 
NO legit company is going to go to jail or face heavy fines. And the idea that anyone here is making the system better by this incessant whining about being caught is also ridiculous. Want to fix it? Get off your ass and support a candidate that supports your beliefs. We the People doesn't work because all we the people do are bitch and moan. More people give a shit about their TV shows than they do the government that they are "oppressed" by. 
If you believe in bitcoin and its benefits- legit companies are what will give bitcoin long term strength and ubiquity. If you think the value of bitcoin is merely that you can buy pot with it then you are just an idiot with limited vision. 
If you don't want the government intruding on bitcoin and over regulating it get off your ass and do something about it. This pseudo intellectual debate on Reddit is not changing anything. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:54:56
I prefer a more valid source than an ACLU based commentary or opinion. There are people not on the left or the right of these issues who manage to take financial privacy of their customers very seriously while taking the necessary steps to ensure real bad actors are not doing harm. 
The unfortunate thing is I read forums where known fraudsters make the same exact points many here make. Of course they want privacy. 
I just testified in a Fed trial of a guy who had privacy blogs etc while he was stealing info of elderly folks with dementia and even a fighter fighter who is now a quadriplegic after rescuing someone. He grabbed their data and filed bogus tax returns which created huge problems. 
I am not saying that privacy advocates of which I am one are hiding something I am just saying that taking an all or nothing approach isn't always the best tactic. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:00:11
'll ask you the same question why use bitcoin? If it goes your way only a limited amount of use cases will exists. Now if you are happy with being able to only use it in a limited set of scenarios more power to you but some of us want to use it to do all sorts of things. There is a trade off. And here is the best part you can go use a system that doesn't have the same wide usage but has lots of privacy. And I can use coinbase or others and still have the level of privacy I am comfortable with but I will be able to buy airline tickets, shop, send money overseas to buy things directly from a website that.  I can't get here. We can both have what we want. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 18:04:19
Dude come on man you are harshing my buzz- Coinbase should allow us to do everything and take the heat for our mistakes. IF I want to buy dope online and use coinbase they should facilitate it, if not totally and openly support me in my efforts. If law enforcement subpoenas them because of my drug use, they should use their money and legal counsel to back me up I mean after all I spend a couple pennies on some of the transactions I do with them, so for that, I should be able to do whatever I want, when I want and they should foot the bill. 
And if they happen to go out of business because they support my illegal activity and their investors lose everything, their employees lose their jobs- so what- I on occasion did a transaction where they made a few pennies off me. 
Come on man this is bitcoin these companies making it more useful should go to prison not me, right? 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:35:18
I fall somewhere in between. I agree with privacy and I think the best companies do a good job balancing this out. Full disclosure I know more than a bit about how coinbase operates and I know for a fact they value privacy. They employ a staff of people who research accounts and do what they have to do to keep the company within regulatory guidelines. There are a lot of people that think saying within regulatory guidelines means invading privacy and reporting everyone. 
The financial privacy act is pretty clear. I do understand that sometimes the impression of privacy clashes with reality. reality is if you are moving large amounts of money through any financial system they all have to review and potentially report- IF the customer refuses to be upfront and honest. 
The difference is this- Customer A is asked a series of questions he or she answers truthfully and completely- it ends there account is notated and when regulators visit they may ask did you do due diligence on Customer A the company says Yes and it resulted in truthful honest answers that we confirmed. Regulator says ok thanks. 
Customer B asked same questions is evasive, doesn't tell the truth or becomes argumentative. The FI asks again more pushback or suspect answers. that then puts the institution in a difficult position. How does the company know if they just value privacy or they are hiding terrorism finance? 
The world isn't black and white an as adults sometimes we need to understand and make compromises. Or refuse to do that and go live in a pile of sticks in the woods and have very limited use of bitcoin or make it powerful and ubiquitous. 
We can as a community have it all within reason. 
Many banks would shut you down AND report you due to their strict regs. Coinbase, Bitstamp and others likely notate and keep the info private. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:18:31
I would bet that coinbase's investigators make sure law enforcement provide ample documentation before they provide information. Why would I bet? 
1. They have a privacy policy that clearly states it
2. They are considered a Financial Institution and Right to Financial privacy laws forbid them from handing out in all willy nilly. 
I know conspiracies and claiming that companies do things without any evidence is a lot of fun for some but it does pay to spend time checking things. Especially before you agree to do business with a company. 
I bet more folks spend time reading non facts than they do reading terms they agree to. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:00:28
I was going to ask the same thing... Then I realized he is just a fool that got busted and is trying to rewind his stupid behavior. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 22:00:53
Why is it so hard for some of you to understand that bitpay, coinbase and others are under intense scrutiny right now. So the point is- do you think a fed or a regulator is going to have a great sense of humor when they see this during an examine of the company? 
Do you think customers doing stupid stuff like this helps all of us make bitcoin more legitimate and increase its use? DO you think this stuff helps those of us trying be be merchants using bitcoin? Or do you prefer that btc stays in the dark only useable on the "dark web"? Some of us would like it to be widely used and accepted and we are counting on it for our small businesses. Do you really think this is not a big deal or do you want to just come across as the enlightened contrarian? I am guessing by you trying to take this stupid little issue in to a rant about the global war on terrorism you just think you are a bit more aware then the rest of us. Its not censorship it is THIER company, THEIR rules. It is a flipping financial institution, not a play ground for idiots. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:48:49
Exactly it is all about the logistics of how a company does something
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:45:07
I am not sure a company can come on here and post evidence/sensitive information about someone's account which is likely why they are silent and unable to defend themselves. 
If this were your account would you want them posting evidence for everyone to see that could be potentially used in a criminal trial to prosecute someone? I thought most of this issue was regarding privacy etc now they should come online and defend themselves by posting evidence of criminal wrong doing? 
What kind of logic are you using? Or do you just expect someone to jump on here not really say anything so they can be hammered?
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:02:06
Yup- I want to be able to use my coinbase acct. It works for me so I have no problem with them weeding out the idiots. Now if only we could some how disable the same idiots in real life we'd all live better. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:07:11
so the part where you said this: 
We should not applaud self censorship. It is not Coinbases job to fight the war on drugs and terror. Today Coinbase is analyzing text inputs, tomorrow they'll be scanning your social media accounts. Can't we agree to leave policing to the police state? Or is self policing the socially responsible thing now?
is you really saying this? 
My point was not to ding coinbase for their compliance. If anything it would be nice if coinbase invested more tuning the detection algo and having a human make a judgement call.
Why is it so hard for people to admit they are wrong? Is it because mommy and daddy and teachers spent so much time telling them they are special and never wrong? 
You clearly were criticizing Coinbase for monitoring transactions and now you are acting like you applaud them? Did someone log in to your account and post that other mess under your handle? 
I didn't miss the boat you just are either confused or unable to face your own words. Smokeyj  Maybe less smoking go reread what you said. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 22:21:29
Aren't you making an awfully big leap there? Look you did something stupid, you got your feelings hurt but you are adding 2+2 and coming up with 5. 
In my notes field I use it like a check memo- it helps me keep track of things and it is effective. I don't even remotely worry about them hammering me for anything I put in there. I also don't do stupid things like call up my wife and pretend like I am planning a terrorist attack. 
This is more about common sense. Initially you said it was a joke then when you got jacked up a bit you suddenly turned in to Edward Snowden of bitcoin. You just sort of lack credibility at least in my mind.  
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:56:59
Wrong it isn't laws that create the fees. It is the financial institutions that create the fees. There is no reason why coinbase cannot continue to make sending money very cost effective when compared to other FIs. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:10:55
Again you seem to do a lot of complaining and whining but why don't you open a bitcoin exchange like Coinbase, attract investors with your fuck FinCEN business model, and fight the good fight? 
All over the bitcoin world people are complaining but they are only whining they do NOTHING except pout and say I won't use coinbase. So what about it? what are YOU going to do to fix the system? Seriously, either go start a company of STFU your opinion on regulatory agencies, statist etc is just more stagnant BS. 
Do something big guy--- As they say put your money where your mouth is. hell there are enough whiners on Reddit you guys pool your resources, get one of your moms to let you hold a meeting and then start a company. Then you can have a company that doesn't work with regulators, tells FinCEN to fuck off and does whatever it wants to do. 
Let us know how it all works out for you guys. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:25:24
I don't think any financial institution allows total access to all users. Again do you have proof of this or just another overly dramatic post? It is interesting to me all these people who make accusations with no proof provided. How do you complain about turning over evidence to the government or everyone having access to personal info without proof and pretend to be some sort of protector of the community. 
Making baseless accusations doesn't help anyone. Does make bitcoin better so not sure what you are driving towards. 
I personally would love to see proof of your accusation. All employees having access to privacy info is a real bad idea. So either be useful or be quiet. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:42:43
I have been working anti fraud in the payment space for a long time and have been successful at it. The problem with accepting credit cards is fraudsters will hammer you. Especially younger companies without the experience. First they'll use "sophisticated" algorithms that end up not really working well because fraudsters in this space aren't stupid. They'll also start to realize that The algorithms tend to provide a bad customer experience. 
Next step is getting hammered by fraud with credit cards a company tends to then over react and again it makes for a bad customer experience. I have worked with a handful of companies that understand that controlling fraud in the beginning is crucial. The rest end up in trouble. Some of them end up leaving others make it. 
I wish Circle success but it seems like they have done a bit of over promising. This is a hard space whether bitcoin or regular money like PayPal. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:01:36
Do you happen to have a bitcoin address that we can look at that shows you went to one of these sites? The reason I ask is I see what seem like so many bullshit accusations that just don't make sense to me. It is super easy to make an accusation. So far not one person has been able to provide any evidence of their accusations. 
In full disclosure: The reason I bring this up is I have experience in the law enforcement arena. I know cops at the federal and local level that investigate cyber crime and  I am 100% convinced that there is no situation imaginable where law enforcement would knock on your friggin door because you sent a trivial amount to a DNM site and didn't purchase anything. 
You are either drastically minimizing your situation by an order of magnitude or lying outright. Here is why and please pay attention I am not going to argue about it. 
1. No way has LEO moved so fast as to knock on your door regarding a transaction from March of this yr involving a trivial amount of bitcoin. Even a significant amount of bitcoin takes months and months if not a yr or more to investigate. 
2. Law enforcement doesn't walk up to someone's door and ask questions like that. There is absolutely no goal here that would be met by doing this. 
3. Local law enforcement isn't going to get turned on to a tiny bitcoin issue in their local via SAR or other documentation. 
4. State/federal law enforcement  works off of something called prosecutorial guidelines and they aren't working a case involving a tiny amount of bitcoin. 
So reality is there is no agency looking in to things like this. Unless your locality has magically sworn in the local bitcoin troop or something. 
So I am calling bullshit others will likely choose to buy in to your silly unsubstantiated bullshit but I don't and I hope most folks with some functioning grey matter won't either. 
PS in case this is real everyone please take note because apparently law enforcement is easily turned away if your wife just simply says "no" That my friends if true means there is at least an incredible reason to get married. Apparently there is some secret law that makes it impossible for law enforcement to proceed based on the wife's answer of No- GTFO here with this ridiculous attention whore seeking claim.  
Reminds me of the old Penthouse forums stuff. " I thought these letters were all BS, until it happened to me and 3 redheaded, 4 tittied women seduced me in our basement" 
Imagine that law enforcement stopped by the wife saying no. OMG 
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:59:59
Not sure if this is your point but I think it might be and if so I agree with it. as I understand the system there are wallets and there are people who buy and sell bitcoin and move that money through the banking system. I have yet to see someone get hammered for solely using the coinbase wallet with no buying or selling through the bank. 
My point is this- Once you start involving banks and the regulatory regime they are forced to deal with then you are going to have to expect some rules. If you are just using the wallet service I am pretty sure CB leaves you alone. If that isn't true I'd love to see examples as well. 
As far as local bitcoin- I am sure you all have read about the LBC related money laundering schemes and law enforcement getting folks for unlicensed MSB stuff. If CB is reacting to that stuff I would tend to blame the morons who have gotten caught instead of blaming a company who is forced to react to these arrests, news stories etc. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:54:38
good let me know when that happens and how that works for you. and if you have a moment please tell me- what would be the legal basis of your claim? I do realize anyone can sue anyone. Whether or not it gets past the lawyer sucks money out of your pocket as a fool is another matter.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:53:04
In other words you want Bitpay to be included in on Coinbase's parade? Lame. 
When Bitpay does something other than their current service or has other news they can announce it. I wish I had a bitcoin for every company that tries to horn in on another company's hard work. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 19:54:28
I reached out to them and they told me basically that this is a one size fits all terms of use or UA- whatever. that they MAY do a credit check on a business but would work with them before they did that. Further, they claimed that this type of reporting doesn't really indicate anything for an individual. 
Has anyone noted a credit pull by Coinbase? I haven't and better not. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:20:18
Do they report or can report your activity to the government on everyone or just those they receive a subpoena/search warrant etc for? Your comment seems a bit overly dramatic. If you have evidence that Coinbase is reporting massive amounts of users to the gov't for no reason at all I'd love to see it. I am sure we all would. Please provide proof of this.  
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:47:33
LOL I am often driven to tears of laughter when I see banks or folks that work at banks discussing Bitcoin. I go to industry conferences and I often vacillate between whether I should laugh in their faces or pimp smack them. 
Bless their hearts I know they mean well but... Anyhow- I enjoyed your short post more than just about any post I have seen on the interwebznet. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:50:58
Excellent- So many fast and easy ways to let our politicians know what we want so few take advantage of it. I think some just want to bitch. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 00:48:35
In simple form- Regardless of what anyone says- for bitcoin to be ubiquitous and have real power and the ability to really be useful. There needs to be companies willing to follow the rules. Darknet deepweb sites are morons who will not help btc go for the long haul. Legit commerce is what does that. Customers demand security, they demand recourse if a site rips them off and a million other things. without legit companies that follow the rules btc has very limited function. 
So some of us who like the broader idea of remittance, cross border exchange and other big things, those of us who invest in legit technology like companies like coinbase and others that push the ball forward. 
You mention a cost what is the cost? can't buy dope on dark websites? Nope they always be there mismanaging their companies, ripping off customers and disappearing as fast as they start up. There will always be people available to create crap sites that fail. Can't buy super freaky porn anonymously? nope can do that too. So what is the cost you speak of if SOME sites follow the rules. I am not saying all sites have to but some must. 
Time to put on big boy or girl pants and realize regulatory influence is part of life. You can stamp your feet and so no it isn't but you'd be wrong. Nobody likes regulatory stuff or cops etc until they get ripped off. you'd be surprised at how many times I have seen any establishment types get real involved when they get ripped off. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:46:19
Most MSB type companies will not allow PO boxes. Some get through but generally po boxes are not a solid way of getting around the system. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 20:57:06
You may have a point. I think at the end of the day companies will do what they need to do and when some numbnutz says Circle closed my account with no warning or coinbase said I was doing something wrong but that is impossible because I am a good boy I take it with a grain of salt. Personally, I like bitcoin and I want it to be ubiquitous and for that to happen it needs to be legitimized to a degree or it will just go away and become worthless. I read a story about how dark web sites are their own worst enemy so I doubt they are going to keep btc afloat. 
There will always be idiots doing what they think they should be able to do and they will usually won't have the sack to admit they did something wrong or to just shut up about it. 
I have had good experiences so far I hope it continues.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:12:15
Yeah people always say screw regulation and babysitting until they get ripped off and then they wonder where the regulators were and why didn't they stop this horrible company. 
Same thing with lawyers folks hate lawyers until they need one. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:11:43
Wow informative post.  In other words you got nothing just wanted to toss your company's name in here one more time lol. Why even post if you don't have the horsepower to actually say anything? 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:58:02
Just some companies have trolls that go out and post their company's name every time someone else does something so they can share in the limelight. so lame. Bitpay is a good company it is sad to see them do this. 
From OP
"I would definitely appreciate discussion on other ways Coinbase and Bitpay have helped the Bitcoin community in major ways."
Sure you would as long as you get to have this thread(with Bitpay's name) come up when someone searches for coinbase 
@_date: 2015-05-26 22:24:51


Learn how to read you are almost as lost as the OP. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:04:21
Yep competition is what drives an industry. I worked at PAyPal in the early days. I often wish we had had competition. PayPal would have still succeeded but some of the things would have been different. 
It is also interesting to see the things that companies do behind the scenes to improve stuff. 
This may not be popular with some but Coinbase going out and getting licenses in states does incalculable good for the entire community. And that costs a company millions each year to maintain those licenses and that benefits all of us. So i'd venture to say Coinbase does far more for the community than all others combined when it comes to spending their revenue to pave the way for others. 
They have to broach the topic AND convince states to license them. That in and of itself is important and expensive. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 14:24:16
So a company has to hustle on to localbitcoin and hope they still maintain the value in their bitcoin before they can sell? 
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:05:27
Probably not they'd need to provide a great deal of documentation, probably hand over some basis points and other funds due to the risk. In short the bank(s) isn't going to provide this to someone they feel may go tits up or break the law- And in bitcoin banks probably jack Coinbase and others with "high risk" label to get a piece of the revenue pie. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:07:49
How did you miss this first sentence. "CoinX is licensed in more than half of US states." Not registered in 50 states. Not all states require registration or licensing and registration is much different then licensing. At best only 41 states in some shape or form require licensing for MSBs so until there is a drastic change there will never be a company licensed in 50 states since they don't require it and registered doesn't really mean that much. 
So Coinx isn't really all that relevant. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:24:24
the banking relationship is a HUGE portion of the game here. If they couldn't do that they are screwed. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:00:46
My apologies since you saw the email you just referenced and since I was responding to you I thought we all sort of stipulated that he did receive a response. I was assuming that you meant responsive- as in- he asked for help days/weeks ago and they were not responsive. So I am still curious did he give them time or just toss a hissy fit and run here. 
It would be super cool to see the timeline since everyone is always so quick to assume one side or the other is wrong. 
To be clear let's all stipulate that CB replied- What I am interested in knowing is HOW long it took for them to reply 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:23:25
"I'm not sure why Cryptsy has "Belize" on their site, "
At some point someone decided that a Belize Registration provided some sort of benefit either in taxes, ease of registration protection for investors or founders. Many different reasons. Reg location doesn't mean a lot. Many dot com companies are registered in Delaware primarily because of the way they treat stock options and liability and a few other concerns. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:20:54
Starting a company and getting things rolling properly is extremely hard. I have been involved in several start ups some wildly successful some just horrible. 
I have to give credit to every company you mentioned though because at some point someone has to try- even if they don't execute properly they tried to do something extremely difficult. 
In other words IMHO all of them have helped make bitcoin better and deserve credit. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:06:42
hahaha nice!
@_date: 2015-01-26 14:22:08
Sounds like you are just adding another step to the process and for a merchant to get currency to build their company they'll need to go to a regulated and KYC compliant company. 
So how are you making anything really better? Just seem to be hanging on the apron strings of other companies that have a more useable better product. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:07:45
zero volume before launch is pretty logical right? Or does volume magically happen before a product is launched in your world? 
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:00:12
That's great for you. But someone has to remember that companies start up to make a profit for their investors and employees. 
Charity is great- providing jobs and income to people and adding to our economy is even better. Really hard for unemployed people to donate to charities and every company I have worked at in Silicon Valley does tons of charity events. So they may not provide free stuff for charities but I bet they do help out. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:47:49
Good step would be to write your law makers and tell them to get off asses  and to license bitcoin. I was looking the other day and seems like many states are still on the fence some 400 yrs since bitcoin came on the scene. Or something like that :)
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:49:26
Exactly- WE the People need to get involved. If half the folks bitching on the internet in forums got involved things would improve. Except for the crazy folks that want spaceships or laws making it mandatory to have orange trees in your yard. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 20:02:05
Well- The good news is that this kind of stuff will definitely reduce the political and law enforcement drive towards more regulatory oversight for bitcoin. 
Just kidding, some of these raggedyassed companies seem to be bitcoin's biggest enemy and is one of the reasons why adoption of one of the more important technology developments in my lifetime hasn't gone as big as it should. 
Excellent system, excellent tech and ideals- really crappy execution by some and down right criminally negligent actions by others like this issue and Mt Gox.
The good news is there is a metric assload of people in this community that are happy to help novices and others get educated regarding bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:03:47
Me too which is why I am always amused- Having worked in a financial institution in the past I know they cannot publicly discuss people's accts so I rarely if ever just take people's word for it. 
All I can go by is my experience with them and I have not had any problems the last couple of yrs. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:06:24
some funny ass comments in this thread. Well done &lt;golf clap&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-04 19:59:10
So Coinbase has two choices-
follow the law stay open and service customers mature enough to understand that saying fuck FinCEN does nothing to move the ball forward Or-
They break the law, get fined, shut down and lose a ton of investor money and screw up a system that works well for many of us.  
I receive merchant payments via CB and have no problems whatsoever.  So when you open a bitcoin company and provide services you can feel free to fight FinCEN until then you are just another person whining about what should be done. 
Super easy to sit on the sideline and not have any stake in the game. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:07:57
Nothing like jumping in to an issue with both feet before you have all the facts. It looks like the 5K was way more than he deserved. But don't ever let facts get in the way of you stomping your internet feet. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 20:16:45
Not that I disagree with what you are saying, I just want to point out that much of the time companies and governments are forced to regulate, monitor watch etc., not because they want to but they are forced to due to  the actions of those around us. 
For example, I am old enough to remember a time when I was a young lad that folks could pump gas before they paid. That stopped when criminals started driving off and not paying. I can remember a time when I was NEVER asked for Id to go with a credit card. Credit card theft, ID theft and fraud changed that and on occasion I have to show ID. I can remember buying things that didn't come in nearly indestructible and often dangerous packaging (at least to me being ultra clumsy) so jackasses can't stuff it down their pants. 
Many more examples and none of them are truly catastrophic but it adds up and it sucks. I am in no way saying ALL of this is based on criminals but a lot of it is and it will just get worse. I raise the issue because we tend to focus on a narrow set of people to blame while ignoring the 800 lbs gorilla. 
I think we need to go both ways with the issue and I think folks who believe the monitoring is out of control should get involved politically and push their point. I know people say it will never change but the fact is it does work and people have made big changes in our US government. I can remember a time when the idea of a black president was ridiculous but people worked towards it made it happen. Even if I do dislike everything he does and says. 
So yes, stand up to the government but realize that child pornographers, terrorists and other criminals (leaving out drugs cause war on drugs is stupid) create the climate others may either react to or use to their advantage. 
I do disagree with the free to do transactions. I have never had a transaction declined for any reason other than an error code but never a YOU sir did something wrong. 
I think it is often easy for folks to feel like victims and blame the government or companies. I am not saying they are innocent but I am however saying that sometimes we shoot ourselves in the foot. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:58:42
What is wrong with you? You act like a child- now suddenly you are a crusader against data mining? Spare me. They deal with money you silly little boy- they have rules. So what is it? You are the unknown comic or you are a crusader against data mining? 
Me thinks you are just a liar- got caught in an attempt to try and scam them  it didn't go your way and now you are scrambling to not look stupid- too late your screen name is worthless to you now change it or forever be known as the stupid dude that got busted. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 22:32:17
I would venture to say unapproved, unexplained movement of 50K from Brazil is highly likely to get you banned at any bank. 
The bank owes him or her nothing there is nothing that says a bank has to take on risk for this user. The government sees that kind of money movement in certain circumstances as risky. Therefore the bank takes a risk. 
Some of you need to grow up and realize that shit happens sometimes and a bank doesn't hqve to take on risk. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 21:46:50
How do you know? Do you work for Coinbase? How do we know the User reached out through the support channels vice just posting here? Or maybe the user went through the support channels and without waiting for a response just quickly came here and posted. 
Unfortunately, financial services and most other companies with privacy policies can't come online and really defend themselves so unlike some I take these complaints with a grain of salt. 
OP could you post original outreach you sent to coinbase with the time stamp so we can see how many days/weeks ao ago you sent a request for help and how many days/weeks it took Coinbase to get back to you. We can see the date and time you posted here. This will let us know how many days/weeks you waited. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:14:43
yep and everyone that joins that suit will get a coupon for 50% off a large pizza at Pizza Hut and the lawyers will get rich. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:46:03
I totally agree- anyone spending more than 10 seconds thinking about this realizes it is complete horse pucky. It make no logicial sense. I am not even defending Coinbase. I am just pointing out that his events, law enforcement's actions etc make no sense to us who have more experience with LEO then just watching CSI and Cops
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:20:27
but the action of people like big Vern who aren't even remotely regulated or caring about regulation will hurt bitcoin. 
you can bet your entire ass that this is will bring about problem much bigger than Vern. When you give the government an excuse to step in to protect and serve you are effing up. 
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:44:35
Coinbase is going to pivot away from bitcoin? put down the crack pipe do you have any evidence or anything other than hydrogenated fat based sweats to back up your assertion or you just blurt things out?
So what with COINbase call themselves after they are no longer involved in bitcoin?  They are going to pivot, change their core systems, change their name and then re-market all of it. As far as devious plans to wreck their own company, this is genius and so clever. You sir are superlative I would like to subscribe to your newsletter. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:04:42
U and UR fancy big city logic.
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:18:23
If as many suspect, big Vern ripped folks off or was negligent what exactly will the folks get? How can anyone who lost money in cryptsy expect to get anything back. Blood from a stone comes to mind. 
Pro Tip: don't trust people in any kind of finance that have stupid nicknames like Big Vern or Capital Paul or Shady Ass Tony. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:11:31
Stealing is a very specific legal term- Do you have ANY factual examples of coinbase stealing someone's bitcoin? Something like maybe a police report or other typical actions taken when someone STEALS from someone else? In other words not just bob saying Coinbase stole my btc. 
I think they have made it clear many times they do not take or seize bitcoin unless ordered to by the government. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:49:19
I have run a lot of investigations groups and I don't think what you are saying is true. At least not in my experience and not how I train my teams who are all long term investigators with various disciplines. 
Unless privacy to you includes being dishonest and evasive which I don't think you are saying- I don't think his actions impact yours. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 22:29:04
no occams razor would point to chexsystem simply closing him down. You are failing instead of just say oops I was wrong. come on be a man. No evidence CB did anything except close him down. 
PS- the bank doesn't need CB or chexsystems to shut him down. I am guessing they are just deflecting 
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:02:51
Yep totally agree and it sounds like he was up to some other shenanigans and was banned for that not the hackerone issue. Companies are vulnerable to this kind of public 'extortion' because the user can make all sorts of claims but the company cannot respond with details. 
And they shouldn't but Reddit users should be a bit more cautious when it comes to jumping on the bandwagon. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:07:35
Ok maybe I am crazy but I have known people and businesses that have gotten their bank accounts shut down. they get a letter that basically says thanks but no thanks here is a check for your balance- go away. NO reason given. 
If anyone has gotten a letter from a bank specifically detailing why they shut the account down please post here. Otherwise I will continue to be of firm belief that it isn't just Coinbase or MSBs. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 17:57:31
A US company can face extreme sanctions for allowing business from Iran. Seems like they are just doing what they are legally required to do. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 17:57:57
Doubtful Dubai is not a sanctioned company. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 16:15:24
I think it is more about Canada/other countries making things difficult than a company choosing to go there or not. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 18:39:24
And if they didn't 50 other people would be whining that they aren't even trying to localize. 
I am beginning to think for such a supposedly strong, intelligent group of people bitcoin users are a bunch of whiny babies. seems like 90 of the threads linked to bitcoin are based on someone whining. 
Luckily there seems to be a contingent of smart well versed folks but the ratio is low. 
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:04:42
In a system where the majority of citizens would rather come and whine online vice getting truly politically active good luck with the thought that governments represent us and do our will. 
So DavidManheim is correct 
And anyone thinking our government will go the way of Greece any time soon or even within the lifetime of anyone on this forum is kidding themselves. 
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:53:42
FinCEN sar filing guidelines for -pick an industry- MSB Remittance, Banks etc
Currency Transaction Reports = Cash filing
@_date: 2015-08-24 20:24:13
Binding order typically means a subpoena, national security leader, search warrant etc. 
I think people are getting confused by the requirement and what will be legally required. NY examiners have interest in NY residents. That is where their focus will be not on UK users or a VT users- Unless of course they are doing something overtly crazy and are detected as a potential money launderer drug sales etc. In that case the bitlicense doesn't really change anything. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:32:18
SARs are not only for cash. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:31:20
The big problem you have with this theory is structuring or smurfing is a cash only type of issue and reporting requirements for MSBs start at 3K not 10K.
Maybe they have been forced to place a 10k artificial limit on accts for another reason? 
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:31:44
Damn I should have read the whole thread you are absolutely right. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:13:44
No Travel rule is about sending information that identifies the customer with transactions over X amount. Something financial institutions are required to do- it has nothing to do with why a company would or would not trace hops of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 18:43:09
Yup and often times a simple response from the customer can clear things up and cancel out suspicion- acting an ass and refusing to provide the info ,creates more suspicion. I have been asked the same questions I answered and never heard a negative word from them again and my account has worked extremely well. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 14:55:41
Wow you have managed put out the worst analogy or comparison (whatever this mess is) that I have personally seen on the internet to date. 
It makes no sense- Especially since we all know there is no sex going on in your mom's basement. :)
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:04:45
What doesn't make sense to me is that whenever I see these "poor me my account was frozen", threads we never seem to get the whole story. It is super easy to come here, complain and say mean old coinbase is just screwing you over- when they are unable to tell their side of the story as it pertains to a specific customer. 
Here is why I don't believe 99% of these stories- Coinbase is a company competing in a Capitalist system- just turning people away for no good reason makes no sense. Were this true they'd have been shut down a long time ago- no investors, no bank backing nothing- no one would support a bitcoin company that just wildly shuts down good customers on a whim. 
I wonder- since Coinbase can't rebut you due to privacy laws would you be willing to post your transactions here so we can see what is going on? I mean surely you have nothing to hide and you aren't getting payments for dope or anything that would jeopardize them right? 
Or are they just shutting you down because they didn't like the way you spelled your name or something irrational, right? 
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:10:22
As usual someone says the same thing I am trying to say- except they say it much better than I ever could. So thanks!
@_date: 2015-09-23 16:52:30
Another thing that won't work is people like you that think business should be naive and rudderless. A company like it or not typically has investors and investors 99.9% of the time want a profit. 
You will rarely hear the following in a boardroom- wow let's figure out how we can turn our profit in to income for others who haven't done any of the work. 
btcdrak, can certainly feel free to give everything your company has away and avoid taking steps to protect your hard work. But don't assume that because you are willing to take a loss that everyone else should be too. I wish you luck with your company and I hope your give it away for free business model works for you. guys. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:14:38
LOL no you aren't obligated but if you use their service that means you agreed to their terms. Or does your word mean nothing. I run a good portion of my business through Coinbase and I was asked these questions- I answered and have not had a problem since. Why did I answer? Because I wanted to use the system for my business. Because every time I do anything in business I have to provide documents, sign things etc. It is called being an adult and doing things to move forward. 
I am not going to be the boss that says- Hey man, I am going to fight coinbase, so I am going to shut down the business and what we have built and lose everything- you guys go home now. I know you'll all understand being without a job because it is the right thing to do. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 22:32:39


Interesting how these threads often turn out to be an advertisement for a competing firm LAME 
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:09:33
A company's job is to earn money not fight battles. YOU/WE the People are supposed to fight the government. Be honest when was the last time you donated to a political campaign? worked at one? Fully put your money where your mouth is? 
Companies don't fight the government they aren't here to do that. That is our job. Do you think the employees, investors, users of coinbase want them to fight battles in court? You can't change the law by disobeying it. You change the law by working within the system. And for those who say it doesn't work that is utter BS. How do you explain the unions, environmental groups etc all getting their way? 
@_date: 2015-09-08 22:27:36
OP do you often ask strangers for financial advise or just need a bit of attention? I assume you are an adult so how about you use what is between your ears and make a decision on your own. I have confidence in you. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 22:30:59
BS- every brokerage account, every bank has already collected a ton of information from you. The big difference ,I have noticed with Coinbase is they make it easy to sign up and goof around a bit with BTC. At some point they get the same info from you that brokerages and banks get from you. 
PS None of that really matters because Coinbase is a MSB and is regulated differently than banks and brokerage accts so maybe that little fact can help you understand because it is painfully obvious that it is YOU that has the bad interpretation. 
@_date: 2015-09-23 16:55:07
So in your world who funds these start ups and companies? In your world are investors altruistic beings who invest solely to give stuff away? Life is tough, business is tough and like I said if YOU want to do these things with YOUR company go for it. But assuming your naive view of the world really works is well- naive. 
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:33:26
wow overstate things much. They do need that information and while I may not agree with things I don't whine on forums I am politically active. I am more than a bit over your timid basement dwellers that complain and whine but never do anything to fix the system. Until the system is fixed I follow the rules. doesn't mean I am not working to change them. 
Gross overstatements are never the way to get your point across regardless of how silly your position may in fact be. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 16:58:59
Please tell us what product you have developed so we can use it. Excuse me? Oh you haven't developed a workable product to help bitcoin- you are just a user and complainer. Got it. 
I think the biggest threat to bitcoin are the countless whiners that think only their limited use case is good for bitcoin. At least these companies are pushing the ball forward and since this is a free country you are totally free to go built a competitive product and do it better. 
Maybe Coinbase and shift together suck but at least the are pushing the ball forward. You and other high minded intellectuals just complain. 
People like you would have us still listening to wax phonograph cylinders for music. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:02:31
Absolutely correct- I want bitcoin to thrive and the more people do or try to do the better for all of us who understand the potential. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 21:55:21
So what initiated the request by CB? Was it a large merchant payment? Had you ever done any real KYC with them? And what do you mean what YOU thought was reasonable? Aren't they the ones that are regulated and forced to ask these questions? Honest to god folks I wish some of you would grow up- if you are going to use a company and they are going to assume a crap load of risk shouldn't you be a bit more mature in your dealings with them? I use their merchant services because I am relatively comfortable knowing that my money isn't going to get seized when a bunch of feds storm the place and claim they are helping money launderers or whatever. As a merchant myself they asked me questions I answered and its done. Haven't had a blip since. 
I read your post and I think- oh another one of those I am super special because mommy told me so and since I can do  no wrong it is my way or the highway. 
So you went to bitpay? Did you ever read bitpay's terms? Did you read  basically it says they can share your information with ANYONE. They can share your info and not just with banks or purchasers. 
How about their refund policy? Read that? I bet that really will yank your chain because they are now telling you how to run your business. CB says I am responsible. And I am- I will refund if my customer is not happy. What about you? Do you have a refund policy? Are you ok with them telling you how to run your business? I'd rather help CB stay in compliance than have them get hammered or have them tell me how to run my shop. 
But in reading your post I am guessing as a businessman you have a lot to learn. Seriously, who whines to Reddit? As a business you have such better avenues like attorney general of your state, BBB, etc. Or are those avenues not going to like what they find out about your biz? 
Seems like someone who would agree to those policies MAY not want to use normal channels. And hey that is fine bitcoin is great for folks that sell that kind of stuff. 
Then again I find it that ironic you won't give the company processing your merchant payments the info they request but you are willing to sign up with and crow about a company that will share your info with anyone and if I read  and their info share policy that YOU agreed to they can share with ANYONE without a court order or subpoena. Interesting choice. I am guessing once you find out the truth about BP it will be too late because you burned the bridge with CB. Oops... 
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:28:20
Care to be a bit more specific or are you just some goofball sniping at people? You are sad for bitcoin? I am sad that you graduated (presumably) from some school. They should probably be reviewed because they are obviously turning out substandard thinkers.  And WTF is a TV boy? 
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:11:49
I think you may be drastically overstating what is going on here. Reading the announcement it sounds like it is nothing more than a group designed to help train those in law enforcement that still think that Bitcoin is anonymous and only used by criminals. 
Instead of inflammatory rhetoric why not just let us know when you have some facts that show the feds are violating rights with this alliance and that these companies are evil or whatever point you are trying to make regarding THIS particular group. 
If we can logically say not all virtual currency users are darknet market criminals than can't we give the same courtesy that we demand? Or is ok for you guys to toss around hyperbole while whining when others do it? 
I am more than a bit over groups in this country acting like everything is the final battle for mankind. How do you expect to have any credibility when you just assume things will go wrong and they don't? How do they expect to have credibility when they do the same. Neither extreme is doing any of of any favors. FACT. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 22:19:15
You do realize that these departments are limited and going by my experience they asked the same questions I have been asked a million times in business. But I imagine if I were to stall or delay or not provide it all I'd be put on the bottom of the pile in favor of companies that were cooperating and moving the ball forward. They are taking the risk, you seem to think they should bend over backwards when you are clearly unwilling to cooperate. They have very few rules in my opinion so either cooperate or don't but I bet you acted like a bully- your initial post has the ring of a bully or someone that gets his way. So tell me if they have a ton of accounts to deal with and limited staffing (we all do- right) why should they continue to deal with you when others are willing to move forward? Why should you get immediate service? What about those of us who just want to simply use them- are you paying higher fees then me? Should you get preferential treatment over me because you are angry? Seriously, at what point does a company say ok enough with this guy.  I always get suspicious when someone posts overly dramatic HORROR story and just gives their side while pimping other companies. I wonder if you'd give us the whole thread you had with them? instead of you complaining then mentioning the competition
@_date: 2015-03-10 22:07:00
And what would he say? Yeah you are right we should risk his company and let you determine what information they collect. So you a customer can run to reddit a completely inappropriate venue for resolving a true merchant issue. 
I hope you run the company alone because I would freak out if someone that works for me or with me acted like this and posted what I am guessing is just half the story. Because your story is much different than my experiences as a merchant. And I willing to bet they asked for the same thing. And I provided it. You know why? I am legit, I have a stake in ensuring that my bitcoin payment processor stays out of trouble and it was no different and in many respects much less than any thing I had to provide to banks, credit issuers, etc. Hell even the dude renting me our office space asked for much more info. And honest to God I would never air my companies laundry out on a reddit thread. What is you hope to accomplish? reinstatement? sympathy? Warning others? By touting their competition? Seriously? Your plan of action to deal with a company issue lacks tact and maturity. If I really felt wronged I'd go to BBB and the state. That is their job. I work in SV just down the road from them and I have seen business come and go here and have worked for a few former start ups now bought out. I learned one thing- Business is serious and to be effective you must remain serious I think you have confused the bitcoin reddit world for doing business. 
Do me a favor- if your company is around in 12 months and doing well send me a PM and I"ll be more than honored to tell you that you did much better than I thought. 
And I think it is kind of crappy frankly to out them but not tell us what your company is and EXACTLY what transpired to get that first email. Without that not sure why I am taking you so seriously. My apologies.
@_date: 2015-10-07 19:27:43
Out of all the people here in this thread- How many of you have created relevant and frequently used software or other products and have not sought patents to protect your interests? 
Seems a lot like a heckler in the audience at a comedy club- They sit in the dark, not adding anything except a single snarky comment nor do they risk anything by themselves getting up on stage and succeeding or failing. They just complain and then sit back with arms folded feeling vindicated. 
@_date: 2015-10-08 20:22:23
why would anyone have sex with an alligator? Ridiculous question but not exactly as ridiculous as someone complaining about being asked questions when dealing with a regulated institution. 
@_date: 2015-03-06 17:04:49
lol WTF are you talking about. A bank has a definition. CB does not fit that definition. And no- following regulations even the same one is not the definition. 
The may have same rules or some of the same rules but they are factually not a bank saying otherwise is like saying a 4 door sedan is really a coupe because they both have wheels and a motor, or something like that.
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:18:07
Honestly how do you rationalize admitting you know nothing about the group yet coming out strongly against it. How is that any different than any other group that operates in ignorance and argues something is wrong?  This comment after coming out strongly against it makes no sense to me whatsoever-
"I know very little about the program / alliance overall -- hopefully I'm wrong." how do you justify what can only be described as fear mongering? Shouldn't we be better than them and also be ready to Counter them IF they are bad? 
@_date: 2015-09-08 23:07:54
I replied to 3 comments that I had an opinion on because to some of us what you are complaining about or discussing is ridiculous.  The idea that an adult would ask this on Reddit is sad and comical to me. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:44:16
What am I confused about? They aren't a bank- simple fact. Not sure what it is I could be confused about. I do admit I am often confused about things and I am happy to admit when I am wrong but in this particular instance I am not. 
No- I use Coinbase for my merchant payments. And I don't sit on Reddit all day posting about other topics. I have limited interests here on Reddit. I am probably older than most of you and I have a business to run. I admit I do really like Coinbase. It does what I need. I have a vested interested in Coinbase- probably more so than most of their employees. They stay healthy it helps my business stay healthy. If you go through and read my posts I am not making fanboy comments, I am defending a company I use and think pretty highly of- I am not advertising for them or excusing them when they are clearly in the wrong. If I read a thread where they are clearly in the wrong I don't really have much to say unless it somehow affects me. And unlike others I don't pimp their competition (as in many of these they suck but I really do like this other company type threads) and I try to stick to facts and reason. If I am wrong about something, I am happy to admit it. 
I am not wrong about this though. Just not. 
They aren't a bank, there are specific things that an FI has to do to qualify as a bank- they haven't done it and probably couldn't at this stage of the game. I sort of wish they would apply for a banking license and maybe issue a card, provide LoC etc but they don't and probably never will because there are some hurdles. 
Anyhow, maybe if you spent less time looking through someone's posts and more time constructing a proper argument you'd not have to read my laborious posts. But if you have some information or something else that proves they are a bank I am happy to 'hear' what you have to say. And you may even prove me wrong.
@_date: 2015-03-04 20:21:14
Seems like that would cost a company a ton of money to do that and most if not all banks won't discuss accounts with anyone except the account holder due to Financial Privacy Act. Which says they are not even supposed to confirm that you have an account with them. 
A better solution is for the customer to talk to their bank and explain. OP did you say you had 2 bank accounts closed? I could see 1 closing you down but 2? Seems like you may be doing something risky at least in the yes of the bank. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:00:26
Can you be more specific in how they were rude? Like I said, I went through the same process- I sent them what they asked for and they responded. I wouldn't say they were overly warm in my discussion with them- they were just very matter of fact. I think the key here is you state that you sent them what YOU think is reasonable. 
In other words you refused to provide the info that they requested from you. Why would that generate good will towards you?
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:01:27
God how utterly pathetic to come to a thread like this to hawk your wares. As a bitcoin accepting merchant and trader I would never trust some scummy group that can't drive excitement with their own innovation instead they troll on reddit. 
Seriously low class. 
@_date: 2015-10-07 19:30:21
When have you observed a lawyer suing on behalf of someone say- Nope I won't represent you- I see what they did and I respect it. Even if one lawyer did it another would gladly rack up legal fees. 
You are free to take your work and hand it out for free and that is generous just don't expect everyone to see the same path you see. I look forward to benefiting from your labor at no cost to me. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:22:23
I think whenever a company gets big, because a possible de facto leader in a space people go after them happens all the time. I think there are a ton of valid concerns with CB but what I don't get is this new found need to get online immediately and whine well before the company has a chance to fix a situation. 
People are getting weak. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:21:42
If I had a dollar for every time someone in my life said, I didn't do it my best friend, college roommate, next door neighbor, twin brother did it I'd have the cash to retire. 
Let's say someone else did do it. Don't we have the responsibility to manage and watch over our accounts? Aren't we responsible for ensuring the security of our accounts? If Coinbase were to reinstate the account and the account were to get caught selling dope or the ID was used to commit a crime do we think the regulators/law enforcement would say oh well the user claims someone else did it no harm, no foul. 
Do some of you expect Coinbase to risk the good of their company so others can do as they please? I would never ask my bank to excuse something like that. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 17:39:23
How is it blurry? Are you one of those people that believe others are not smart enough to take care of themselves? Do you really believe that this post which has been done many times before serves as an educational piece? If so you have a low standard. Anyone, even newbs noobs, boobs getting in to a financial service have a responsibility to learn as much as they can before they make the leap. When they sign up for a service it is incumbent upon them to read the terms fully, ask questions if necessary. 
Reality is posts like the OP's just serve to seek attention and get up the dander of herd mentality. He uses their service- the only education needed is he needs to learn what that entails. 
I only wish he had the courage to tell CB what he pretends to tell them in his post and the courage to stand by for whatever the repercussions. But he doesn't so ultimately he is just whining not educating. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:10:59
You stoop low enough to put an ad on a reddit site complaining abut a competitor/. You sure as hell do stoop this low. 
Just stop change your name here this one is worthless to you now. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 19:42:46
So you still can't read I guess.there is nothing that says Coinbase is operating illegally. And out of curiosity what does it say about you that you'd willingly use a company that you believe is operating illegally? Does kind of show you have a low moral ground. Yet here you are whining about them. 
You wrongfully accuse them of operating ILLEGALLY which is completely untrue. You skip right over the part where YOU did something wrong. Your moral compass needs to be declinated properly. And it doesn't speak very well for those just following along and not even remotely trying to see that your allegation is untrue. 
There is nothing in California's comments that even remotely suggests that they are operating illegally and the fact is California has not yet finalized their regulatory guidance re bitcoin. 
Far from being illegal
@_date: 2015-02-24 19:33:52
And another person blaming them because of HIS actions. Make no mistake HE created the situation not them. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 19:33:08
How are they getting special treatment he is wrong about them operating illegally in California. Interesting that he would make a completely untrue comment like that. If he has corrected it my apologies. But they are not operating illegally- However, he was sanctioned by the SEC and fined. If you ran Coinbase and YOU took the risk how would you act if someone busted for wrong doing involving digital currency. Would you risk your company and possible sanction because HE screwed up? 
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:09:09
just when I get really disenchanted with the bitcoin community someone like you and others come along with reason, logic, and clear thought and confuse me. 
I want bitcoin to work. I want it for all the good things it can do. I am also almost smart enough to realize bitcoin will fail if the only use for it is childish dark web transactions. Either it gets mainstream and used for remittance, bill pay, etc. Or it fails and it proves all the assholes of the financial world right. 
That bitcoin is just a passing fad. And sometimes with the incessant whining over small things I often think it is just that. I hope not
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:05:54
They won't even ask questions they'll just file SARs, CTRs etc. And maybe even send you a nice letter saying here is a check for your balance now pis off you are no longer welcome as a customer. 
I don't know if is is age, lack of maturity etc but some of these people seem to be spoiled little brats. They want the security of a regulated system but also want to be ignored. Can't have both. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:03:53
Because they talk to you when you open the account, they have tellers that see you when you come in to the bank, they collect way more info up front on you than an internet company typically does. 
It is the process of giving you fast easy sign up that everyone demands that is at fault here not even the government, banks or coinbase. 
The problem is people want the government to "protect them" who do you run to when you feel ripped off or threatened the government. So now you create an environment where they say OMG we need to look at this bitcoin stuff to protect our resident's, our systems etc etc. 
Then you sign up for a legit service that gives you all this information up front, tells you to read it, you say fuck it and click right through it and then you whine when what they told you may happen actually happens. 
I swear to god sometimes people are too stupid for their own good. And when something happens they want to run to a place like this and complain and seek comfort. Without even taking 2 seconds to realize they caused the problem. 
You do have choices, use a sketchy unregulated bitcoin company in some other country, if you lose you money, you won't get it back but then again they probably won't ask you these questions that you AGREED to answer in the first place. 
@_date: 2015-03-06 15:33:16
Well I guess that's it then. I am closing my CB acct because of your compelling argument. Thank you for helping me out. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:23:51
PS after reading the replies in this thread many of you continue to renew my faith on people involved in bitcoin. Just when I think it is a bunch of whiney self absorbed look at me types some folks like you come along an wipe that shit out. 
so thanks
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:08:50
Jad way yo take over a thread and advertise your site. Such a hack move. 
I'd never use a site that did garbage like this. 
OP the question about illegal activity on your phone is VERY odd for sure. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:51:16
It isn't an assumption on my behalf. I cannot speak for coinbase. Like I said it is YOUR account. YOU are responsible. &lt;--- period
@_date: 2015-10-23 20:40:34
I don't know maybe it is because regardless of what people think you can have it both ways. You can have a secure above board bitcoin network of companies that are able to help bitcoin flourish by attracting other legit companies and you can also have DNM sites where you can buy your dope, get ripped off, make yourself available for arrest etc. If you monkeys think that bitcoin is going to flourish and be worth something by servicing neckbeards who want to pretend to have a tiny bit of influence over bitcoin than so be it. 
But some of us see a global use case for bitcoin that can work and you either fight the man you can join the man or you can help guide the man in to making good choices. I'd prefer the latter. 
Keep your enemies close and some of us in bitcoin see scammy BS DNM dope sales as something that is just as bad as cops running amuck. Life isn't about either or- it is about successful resolution of issues.
@_date: 2015-11-20 16:43:56
Does Circle ever have any real improvement or do they just rely on companies like Coinbase and others to announce something so their team can come on reddit and derail the conversation? 
I would never use circle if for no other reason that they always seem to sneak a comment or two in to every other company's threads. 
Scammy and lame. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:37:25
Are you being purposefully obtuse? Or do you not understand what they are trying to tell you? They are pointing to the rather lengthy list of illegal activity to INCLUDE running an unlawful/unregulated/unregistered Money Service business. 
Are you purposefully ignoring the word unlicensed? Your account was used to conduct illegal activity (they have clearly explained that)- is it so hard to just admit that? Or are you part of the generation where you were told you are special and can do as you please? I assume you are an adult male- isn't it better to just admit you were wrong and move on? 
@_date: 2015-02-24 01:29:34
Thank you Captain Obvious 
@_date: 2015-02-24 19:37:16
Freedom? Please show me in the US Constitution where a private company is violating his rights or freedoms. Seems like a great deal of you make comments and don't really know anything about the topic. I'll ask you what I asked the other person if you ran Coinbase- a User with a very public history of violating the rules regarding digital currency was using your company- If his actions potentially put YOU and the company you run at risk what would you do? Make a stand for a stranger that can't seem to keep his own house in order? A stranger that just falsely accused your company of operating illegally? 
Tell us what would you do for this stranger that caused the problem all by himself. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 17:28:04
The trigger seems to be when you want to cash bitcoin in for cash. If you want to do that then you are subject to the regulatory guidelines revolving around banks/ MSBs, etc. If you want to avail yourself of those services and use a company that is subjected to regulatory guidelines then you have to put on your big boy pants. 
I am always amazed at how many people sign up for a service any service- they don't read the terms they just want to do it quickly and have things their way. The world doesn't work like that. Of course there are some benefits to using a regulated service. 
I read a recent article where it isn't law enforcement taking down dark net sites that is the problem there it is total mismanagement, trusting criminals to honor their commitment, etc. that is the problem.  I guess simply put if you want to use bitcoin to conduct illegal activity fine go for it but there is a risk there. If you want to use a regulated company fine use it but there are risks or issues there with that. 
I personally read the terms, understand the issue and enjoy using bitcoin for legit reasons. Nothing Coinbase asked you is in my opinion out of line. Their company their rules you agreed to them. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:25:07
It is ok because they are the ones at risk, it is their company. When you get the funding and start up a bitcoin exchange then you can allow unlawful activity. Let us know when you open that company up. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:40:18
Let someone use your checkbook to buy dope. then explain to the cops that isn't your fault because YOU didn't actually purchase it. Can you imagine a world where everyone committed unlawful acts and just blamed someone else? 
I'll believe the OP when he goes and files a police report for the son's friend. After all he let a kid break the law with his financial account the cops could be on the way there now. So OP go file a police report and post it here. Wouldn't most parents do that? Or do most parents go to jail from the actions of a son's friend? 
You people are so gullible. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:09:50
No doubt what a ridiculous pathetic move. Why would anyone use a service that did this kind of garbage. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:26:57
No you are spamming a reddit thread. 