@_author: cuttyfromth3cut
@_date: 2018-04-22 18:22:51
Mining contracts are offered to people as a way to mine without actually having to own the equipment or perform any of the work themselves. It essentially allows people to rent a portion of the hash rate of a larger mining operation. 
Mining has a lot of up-front costs in terms of purchasing hardware. A top-of-the-line Antminer will cost you well over $5,000. Also, mining rigs use a lot of energy and produce a good amount of noise and heat. 
So think of it as similar to renting server space. You could take the time to buy all of the server components and go through the technical work of getting it online, or you could just pay someone else to do that dirty work for you in exchange for a fee. 
I’ve never bought into a cloud mining contract. I considered it at one point, but I ultimately decided it wasn’t a smart decision. I looked at a popular service, and there was wording in the contract that discussed their ability to modify the contract based on market conditions. If they can modify the contract if the price of Bitcoin goes up, then any major upside potential for the end user is virtually eliminated. 
For instance, say Bitcoin sees a remarkable rise and is worth $1 million tomorrow. The company could come back and either change the terms of the contract with you or terminate the contract altogether. From the miners perspective, your contract just became far to lucrative. At that point, it would be far more profitable to use the equipment themselves to mine and collect the rewards. Why would they let some random end user collect massive profits that they could keep for themselves. This is an extreme example, but it illustrates a key point. 
Mining contracts are really a hedging strategy that large mining consortiums use to limit their exposure to the downside potential of price decreases. They will be happy to keep your contract valid if the price goes down, but they will capitalize if there is significant upside price movement. 
My take is that if you want to mine then you should buy the hardware and do it yourself. Another alternative is to invest in proof of stake coins which allow you to earn more of the given currency just by holding. 
An example would be ARK where you simply vote for a delegate for a one-time fee of 1 ARK and then you earn about 8-10% of what you hold annually. Don’t mean to shill ARK because I do own it, but that’s just a good example of a working proof of stake project. 
TLDR: If you want to mine, buy the hardware and do it yourself. If you aren’t dead set on gaining more of a specific crypto, look into projects using proof of stake (POS) algorithms and not proof of work (POW). 