@_author: cuw
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:24:31
Exit scams are the norm, a modicum of research would show you about MtGox stealing millions of coins and saying they were lost.  If you are going to throw money into an elaborate techno get rich scheme you should really just google “bitcoin scam history.”  More often than not bitcoin related companies and exchanges have been scams.
This entire industry is built on scams, it has been scams since day 1.  Some people make money, but most are going to lose because they have no idea what dictates the price, for real what dictates the price? And when to sell. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:04:56
I don’t have to prove anything to you... I’m allowed to comment without buying into the cult. 
Bitcoin is objectively less useful today than it was a year ago. Unless you somehow think all the retailers dropping support for it means it is more useful now. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:14:22
What’s it an investment in... if no one can use this as a currency and it’s only backing is what people think it’s worth and not something like corporate profits, then how will it retain said value. Gold has a use in the world and therefore retains value, BTC had a use, DNM and moderate vendor support, but both are moving on.  
So what is it that makes this an investment and not just a gamble?  An investment you can’t make liquid and is reliant on some black magic to determine its price seems like a bad bet.
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:48:03
Thats nonsense. There was a push to make transactions less difficult and to make it an actual currency again and it led to a hard fork.  Asking people to use a currency LESS so it can be used for actual timely transactions is so ass backwards.  Bitcoin needed to get better at dealing with load, instead it did nothing and now that more of the market is taken over by trading bots, it is unusable as a currency, and is questionable as an asset/commodity. 
2 years ago I could take a bitcoin and buy some garbage off tiger direct. Today I can take a bitcoin and hold it and ... hold it some more I guess? It looks to me that the only places that BTC is still usable as a currency are darknet markets, which are shifting to BCH/eth, and ransomware payments.
So we have this storage of wealth, or commodity, or whatever you want to call it, that has no hard backing besides a network of miners doing busy work and some people believing its worth something. A stock has the value of a piece of the company you own, a bond is the idea that you will be paid back with interest on an investment, but bitcoin? What is this value you are backing and throwing your savings at?  What determines if next week will be a +$10k week and not a -30% week?  
As far as I can tell, and I've been a regular user of this shit for p2p transactions since I bought a few coins off MtGox in 2010, there is no rhyme or reason.  It is likely market manipulation and HFT that caused the recent boom, and its just as likely they are now cashing out and going to cause a bust.  
Don't trust a volatile asset as a storage of wealth please.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:45:53
This happened with MtGox, and every other exchange when they went bust.  I would not expect good things to happen from this.  I can almost guarantee Coinbase doesn’t have the money to handle millions in transactions.  Their coffers were filled when BTC was $100 not when it was $10k.
The bank runs will begin.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:03:43
That is a bizarre logic.  I have followed bitcoin since it’s inception, this is literally what happened before MtGox went bust.  Just because Coinbase has tons of VC funding doesn’t mean they can cash out multimillion dollar transactions for days on end.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:18:04
Commodities have value because they are useful in some way. Why would bitcoin continue to rise in price if it can’t be used as a currency anywhere and is solely being driven up in price by speculation? At some point it will correct to be an accurate representation of its actual value.  And since it is no longer a currency and the only value it has is the energy it burned to mine, doesn’t seem like the real correction will be too kind.
I think this should be the point where people realize something that gained $10k in a week for no discernible reason then lost 30% of its value in another week might not be a real investment it’s just a gamble.
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:24:39
I think crypto currency will probably catch on, I just doubt a crypto with as much baggage and cruft as bitcoin has will be the one to catch on.  $30 transaction fees, probably 1/3 of coins ever mined out of circulation forever, super slow approvals, and wild volatility do not make a good currency.
I don’t know if it has peaked, but I think it is a sane assumption to think that the crypto that becomes mainstream and is used by the masses has to be a usable currency.  Bitcoin is less usable than it was a year ago but somehow is worth 20x the price.  That to me doesn’t seem like a good thing, sure it makes people money but how is an asset with no real backing supposed to retain it’s worth? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:21:30
How can it be useful? The attempt at making it more fungible failed, the attempt at making transactions cheaper failed.  The only thing keeping the train moving is new investments from Wall Street who don’t know the sordid past of exchanges stealing money, giant boom/bust cycles, and just general misunderstanding of how the market works. 
The miners have spoken this currency is for whales and money laundering, it will never be a real fungible currency.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:35:44
Don’t really care if it gets me banned. I’ve seen dozens of friends think that now that Wall Street has BTC securities that it must be legit, yet the market is more pyramid shaped and less usable then when MtGox ran off with all the MTG cards and also with all the coins and money in the exchange.
Bitcoin was a cool novelty currency for the dark net but now that people are using it like a 401k and expecting real returns? That’s scary.  There is no guarantee the network will have enough hashing power to confirm transactions in 2 years yet people are chanting HODL while it move further and further from the goal of being a currency.