@_author: cwenham
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:24:50
Elsewhere the OP was discussing something about where you convert BTC to a foreign currency, then after your holiday you come back and convert the foreign money to "white" BTC at a whitelisted exchange. It seems like that'd still be the escape hatch, but it wouldn't need to be a "foreign" currency, just any fiat, since they're all "foreign" to bitcoin.
So, ironically, you could use fiat to fix a problem with bitcoin. Go figure.
But if you're not doing any currency exchange, and you're just transacting BTC-2-BTC with someone who has an address whitelisted in _their_ country, it may still be considered black by the standards of yours. Hence I can't drive south of New York, buy fireworks legally in another state, and drive back over the NY border without committing a crime. Fireworks are still fireworks and still illegal in the Empire state. Black addresses are still black addresses even if Venezuela says they're white.
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:36:16
By _redlight_ I actually meant those lights at the bottom of traffic lights that emit wavelengths around 650 nanometers. This is why I put a hyphen in "red-light".
I didn't use the word _downvote_, that was in quoted text. Bad robot. [My home-sub's Deltabot]( is smarter than that, and open source, so you can see how it's done.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:29:32


Can he sue the US government under any circumstance? In particular, to establish that his business is impaired by extraordinary circumstances? IE: "We can't say what happened, but—oh, by the way—we've filed this lawsuit against the US Gov."
It would be interesting to know if a Japan-based business (albeit incorporated in Delaware), can incur an existential risk simply because of a gag order.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:28:05


From what I understand of OP's point, they only need jurisdiction over the "public road" side, from the analogy to vehicle registration. So if eBay was whitelisted, then you could launder money by WhiteBTC-to-Baseball Cards-to-BlackBTC-to-XBoxes-to-WhiteBTC, in which case it's good old-fashioned money laundering law and all the fun incurred by a state to enforce that. But it would inhibit BlackBTC adoption to those willing to go through this route, though, so it's worth cogitation. Joe Shmoe is gonna say "fukkit" and stick to WhiteBTC because of the hassle.


Sorta. At the very least, BTC might find itself treated as scrip, which goes in-and-out of legality depending on the circumstances. If the size of the market is too small to bother with, you probably don't have a problem. If it gets too big and threatens fiat money supplies, manipulation of the economy through interest rates, etc., then you have a problem. In the US in particular you have the problem of States with the power to do Interesting Things, like how Texas can dictate what goes into school textbooks everywhere else.


I don't think I or the OP has a problem with this as a motivation to act against it. At the very least, talking about this scenario can help everybody see problematic legislation before it comes for a vote.
It doesn't actually prevent the Amazons and mom-n-pops of the world from accepting BTC from whitelisted addresses. It could actually make it easier for them. Due to the blockchain's public nature and abundant libraries, the machinery to tie BTC addresses to taxpayer IDs and monitor them wouldn't be anything a small state like Maine couldn't handle.


I've heard of the United States. South of Canada, right? I do wonder a bit about other countries and blocks, such as the EU, or member nations of the EU, or China, India, Russia, Brazil, and so-on. Each of them have different economic forecasts for the next decade or two, so the OP's scenario tickled me for this reason. Ideas, especially revenue generating ideas, don't stay contained for long. That's why you still pay tax on alcohol and cigarettes, and soon will pay a tax on weed.
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:02:07


I dunno, there may be problems in OP's scenario, but it has the virtue of being easy to think of ways a state could fix the problems raised so far.
For example, a business would turn away black coins sent to its whitelisted address because the state could see the transfer and fine them for it, all the way up to 100% if they wanted.
And if the business set up a black address to receive those coins, it becomes vulnerable to detection by citizens or other agents who rat them out for bounties or amnesty. This means that none of the large and established companies will do this, such as Overstock or Tiger Direct.


You need a database with four columns (btc_address,taxpayer_id,valid_from,valid_to), and a script that looks for white-to-black or unbounced black-to-white transactions. Subcontract it to the same companies that send you a summons or fine in the mail when you run a red-light camera. Done. Easy money.
In general, it sounds like it'd be very similar to vehicle registration. Anyone can drive an unregistered vehicle on a private road, because it's a private road, but if you take it on a public road without a license plate you're subject to being pulled over by any cop. With OP's scenario, I think he's saying that states would just go to retail businesses and say "use whitelisted addresses only, or you can't do business within our borders." That's the "public road" in the analogy.


They might go lax on first offenders, but they could also just say "white-to-black or unbounced black-to-white = tax/fine/prison, tough luck" and put the onus on you to safeguard your whitelisted wallet. They can justify this by allowing the insurance industry to cover fines due to theft, and then the insurance companies would treat you the same way they treat bad drivers.


They can ignore all the black-to-black transactions. A state only needs to force legitimate businesses to use whitelisted addresses in order to regulate the "public road" side of bitcoin. In other words, I think the OP is saying you get a choice: either you can spend your BTC at Amazon and the mall, _or_ you can have an unregulated and untaxable digital currency, but you can't have both.
The problem is the public blockchain. You'd have to switch to something that can't be traced, which I understand is what Zerocoin does. At which point you have to see if the state wants to ban Amazon et-al from using Zerocoin.
@_date: 2014-07-18 10:42:13


I think OP is saying that the state would just fine anyone who didn't pay tax or bounce coins received from a black address. That's something that wasn't possible before public blockchain based currencies.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:35:57
Could still just fine the end user/retailer and say it's their fault for not choosing a reputable whitelist host. You'd treat it as the same thing as a MITM attack. Use DNSSEC, etc.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:55:21
That's a bit worrisome, then. Would the upside of this be:
   A: Any BitCoin exchange can be implicated in money transmission/laundering with illegal activities, such as drug trafficking, simply by being a BitCoin exchange.
   B: MtGox specifically and knowingly did something that tied it to Silk Road, whereas other exchanges have not done this thing, whatever it is?
@_date: 2014-07-18 11:47:27
I don't think so. A state could simply pass a law that any out-of-state company that wanted to do business in its state must register its address and only accept payments from other white addresses. They'd set up an API that businesses use to get a Yes/No response on any address they query. Just an HTTP GET, trivial to set up, and cheap to scale to millions of queries per minute because each query is idempotent.
They _might_ make it an authenticated API with a handshake protocol, because then they can use their logs to prove when you queried them and what response you received, which you can use if you want to levy a fine for every minute that they didn't bounce coins from a black address. Probably not necessary, though, now that I think of it. Just fine them based on the evidence in the block chain. If the API is down, you can say the business should have stopped accepting coin until the API was back up. You can be a total bastard when you're the state ;-)
(*Edit:* They probably wouldn't need to make their own API at all. They could just use DNS.)
Verifying that businesses are following the law is easy, either with secret shoppers looking for businesses offering a black address to pay black coins to, or by offering a bounty/amnesty for citizens who rat them out. Big companies wouldn't risk it, and whenever a mom-n-pop gets busted you can offer them a deal where they help you catch citizens using black addresses.
So all new addresses are black addresses, you just have to register them to turn them white or you can't use it to buy groceries, gasoline, Amazon Prime, etc., unless it's on the black market.
No need to centralise BTC itself. Hell, even the whitelist could be decentralised: it's just a big hash table. The state could sign each whitelisted address with its private key. Issue signed errata for addresses that fail to pay tax, same way certificate revocation protocols work today. 
In fact, the system benefits from BTC being decentralised because then it's impossible to stop the state from detecting illegal transfers between white and black accounts.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:27:50
They could probably just use DNS. A Bitcoin address is, after all, just an address. You pay Amazon in BTC, and Amazon does a DNS lookup on [YOUR ADDRESS].btcregulation.state.gov.
Can be distributed, cached, scalable as fuck, and they can slap a TTL on it that's as short as they like to limit "lame duck" transactions when they revoke your privileges.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:33:47
Well think of it as not being "white", but "Venezuela White".
I could see a number of countries hashing out a set of standards that they agree, by treaty, to define what's "white" to them, but some of that treaty would include everything from shared tariffs to extradition and so-on.
So "Venezuela White" could be considered black to Germany, Canada, the US, etc.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:24:03
A state adopting OP's scenario might deal with that by ignoring where the transaction took place and making the rule a simple "white-to-black = tax/fine/prison, no exceptions."
In the US, this is technically the case when you cross into states with lower taxes to buy goods, then bring them back across the border. New York sends troopers to record NY license plates in popular shopping centres in Pennsylvania, for example, or Delaware.
At the moment I think they only have the legal power to send a letter to the address in the DMV records and remind you to come clean, because they can't prove you bought anything. But BTC has a public blockchain, so it's different: they can know exactly how much you sent to a black address and when.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:55:53
If it contained personal information, or—as the post clearly states—it's from a hacked account, then the mods may be obligated to remove it per reddit's TOS. If they don't, especially if there's DOXing involved, then the entire sub can get banned. It has happened with other subs in the past.
@_date: 2014-07-18 10:37:24


I think what he's saying is that they only need to fine or arrest whoever is the registered owner of the white address whenever it sends coins to a black address, or doesn't bounce or pay tax on coins received from a black address. They just put the onus on the owner of the white address to comply with the law.
It could be automated just like the letters you get when you run through a red-light camera.
The OP is saying it would split BTC into two economies, which is what would happen if the state in question (US, EU, etc.) required companies like Overstock, Tiger Direct, Amazon, etc. to only accept coins from white addresses.
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:50:48
I'm a mod on and we've had a bunch of Bitcoin related posts lately, which we welcome. I personally have [mumble] many Bitcoin derived entirely from mining on GPUs a few years ago, before the difficulty put it out of the league of a meager Mac's graphics hardware.
 (I have also [argued in favor]( of Bitcoin on our own sub.)
Some of the posts in the last day or two that you may be interested in are:
   * ["Bitcoin is not a currency more than Visa or MasterCard are. BTS's 'investors' are buying 'shares' into a decentralized anonymous electronic payment system. CMV"](
   * The OP's mentioned ["People cheering on Bitcoin's 'success' don't understand how currency works. CMV"](
   * ["I believe that BitCoin will be a spectacular failure. CMV"](
I'm posting here to stress the name and spirit of our sub: _Change My View_. So while the titles above may seem negative about Bitcoin, each OP is still ostensibly saying they're looking for the opposite, or at least a more nuanced view than what they initially have. We're hoping that you see each OP as someone venturing for enlightenment; that they're looking for good reasons, presented calmly and logically, to change their view. Imagine you're Spock explaining BitCoin to Captain Kirk.
Following from that, I also want to advise that our sub is heavily moderated for civility and--in top-level comments (comments that reply directly to the OP)--purpose. That means we remove comments if they're rude and hostile to another reddit user (public figures and institutions are fair game, however), and top-level replies that only agree or don't challenge the OP's view. In other words, we will be _removing_ top-level comments that agree with the above negative views of BitCoin and allowing top-level comments that are either in favor of BitCoin, or provide a more nuanced view in the _context of those particular posts_.
If anyone agrees with the OP, they are still free to make their case in replies to top-level comments. IE: anything at the second comment level or deeper. This rule is mainly to reduce "circlejerks", and we are obliged to enforce it as uniformly as we can, no matter what the OPs initial view is.
This also means that if anyone makes a post in favor of BitCoin, we would enforce the same rule to encourage arguments against BitCoin. That's because our sub is not about pushing any particular view, but about providing a way for interested parties to explore their view. The virtue of the view itself is not what we moderate. We see it as: if we entertain posts for Pro X, we must extend the same courtesy for posts that are Con X.
We've had some good discussion on the above threads, and look forward to more. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-09-03 04:37:00


 _Rashomon_ is dear to the hearts of CMV, too ;-)
Thanks for talking about it and understanding.
@_date: 2013-09-03 04:08:36
We (CMV mods) noticed and rubbed our chins about what was going on in that thread. Then this post came up and I noticed that had mentioned there were a lot of comments that violated our own Rule 5 (no "low effort" posts), and I've been spending a while going through to see what they meant.
I know that removed one of your comments for violating Rule 5 and citing your own "bitcoin tip etiquette" about leaving a comment with each tip (we have a similar rule for our "delta" award system, so you might call it isometric). Snorrrlax had to hit the sack after that mod action, but made a note of it in modmail, so I re-approved your comment when I saw your edit. Thank you.
I don't think we have a problem with bitcointip, but... have you ever seen _Spirited Away_ by Miyazaki? You know the scene where "No-Face" starts erupting gold nuggets from his fingers and the entire bath-house goes bonkers?
In the CMV post linked by the OP, I guess you could say it's just something unique to that thread. It _is_ about bitcoin, after all. However, much of the post also reads like the gold-nuggets scene in _Spirited Away_.
I don't think we have a problem with anyone giving bitcoin tips in our sub, but that particular thread now has a lot of people attracted by the tips and not contributing to what the OP ostensibly wanted, which was a good explanation and address to his doubts.
That said, I mined coins in patches from 2011 to 2013 until my poor consumer-grade desktop computers were just too darn inefficient. I still have my wallet, and I'm personally intrigued by the whole thing and have been following it for a while.
@_date: 2013-09-03 02:59:32
Can you click "report" on them? We'll check them out, and if they do break our rules we'll remove them.