@_author: cyanity
@_date: 2018-01-05 09:55:09
You need to make an account with gemini. Get ID verified. Go ahead, it's not as difficult or sketchy as it may seem. After that, check to see if your bank is listed on their exchange. If it isn't, you're going to need to make an account with a bank that IS listed on their exchange, and put money you want to invest into that account. Afterward, transfer your money to gemini using a bank transfer, and then buy crypto with that. 
Edit - I'm shilling gemini because I hate coinbase, which is another option for turning fiat currency (in your case, probably USD) into cryptocurrency. However, I'm not familiar with gemini's UI or how their wallet works, but for the most part, with cryptocurrency, when you buy a coin it will be deposited to a wallet that you can deposit to and withdraw from. All cryptos have their own public keys you can deposit to. So for example, if you make an account on cryptopia, and then search for Ethereum in your balances, there will be an icon for "deposit" and one for "withdraw". If you click on "deposit", then the site will generate a string of letters and numbers that represents your ethereum wallet address for cryptopia. If, for example, you bought ethereum off of gemini, you could go to your gemini ethereum wallet, click on "withdraw", and paste that deposit address into the destination address bar. Once you send Ethereum to your cryptopia wallet, it would need to be confirmed on the ethereum blockchain, which may take anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours, depending on the exchange and the amount of traffic on the blockchain. But eventually, if you entered the address correctly, the ethereum would be in your cryptopia wallet and available to spend in the market. 
The market is a whole different beast, but for the most part, coins are traded in bitcoin, ethereum or litecoin. If you are interested in a coin, but it isn't traded in the coin you are holding, then you can simply convert what you have into the coin you need. So for example, if you have ethereum but the coin you want to buy is only trade paired with litecoin, you can just go to the ethereum tab, type "ltc" in and click on ETH/LTC to be taken to the ethereum/litecoin trading pair page. You will be presented with a graph that represents the price of your currency in the first labeled trading pair over time. So if it is ETH/LTC, then the price up top will be in fractional ETH. If it is BTC/___, then the price up top will be in fractional bitcoin. But let's say you still have ethereum and you're still buying litecoin. You can look at the recent sell orders on the left and the buy orders on the right to see where the coin's sitting pricewise. The buy orders on the right will almost always be lowballs, while the sell orders will usually be at or slightly above market price. If you watch the candle chart for bullish (good) or bearish (bad) trends, you can make an educated guess as to whether the price is heading up or down in the short term. read here for more info on candle charts: 
Anyway, if you are converting ETH to LTC, you would sell your ETH for whichever price you feel comfortable with, click "trade" and then hope for the best. Sometimes you just want an instant trade, which means you'll probably be paying market price or higher, but if you're patient and are reading the charts correctly, you can sometimes predict price spikes or dips, and put in higher or lower offers compared to the market, depending on whether you are buying or selling. Regardless, this is essentially how you buy crypto on almost any market. First, you buy one of the big coins with fiat currency off of a site such as gemini. Then, you transfer from that site to a coin trading exchange, at which point you either trade that coin for the coin you actually want to buy, or you convert that coin into the coin required to trade with the coin you actually want to buy. Afterwards, have patience, hold even if your buy dips in the short term, and bookmark Coinmarketcap.com!!!
Research lots, friend, and you will find yourself in the green very soon.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:52:21
engrave 23 of the words on metal and stick them in a safety deposit box. Then just memorize the one word you left out. Ezpz.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:53:33
Seriously. Just sit on it friends. The wave will come back. 