@_author: cyberdark10
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:35:34
^I ^do.
@_date: 2014-02-03 13:08:24
Yeah I suppose I've been a little too aggressive with this debate. I've been trying a new debate tactic, because usually my debates end up with the other side leaving, instead of actually defending themselves, so I'm trying to provoke them just enough so they'll stay, but not enough for them to use ad hominem ad nauseam. 
For being douchy and using you as a metaphorical lab-rat for debating strategies, I apologize, andkore.


I admit that was hilariously inaccurate, I guess I should perhaps tone the aggressiveness down from 11 and actually focus on winning the debate rather than keeping it going. 


Of course most people believe that "robbing the shit out of people" is a moral negative, but they don't think of what behind the theft, the reason for the theft. A friend of mine once asked a group of people the question:


And most people said they'd steal the drug.
There's always a reason behind theft, it could be greed, it could be to save someone's life. If theft is ultimately wrong, does that mean the reason for the theft is irrelevant? Does that mean no matter the reason what's wrong is what's wrong? In that case your wrong, and everyone in western society is wrong. The government  steals from the people and gives it to someone else, someone else that the government decides need it more or is more important. Each and every country goes to war or has gone to war for some reason, be it food, land, oil, anything really, and because of that they are where they are now. Is war itself wrong? *we can't know for sure*. We need to know the reason for the "wrong" before we actually call it wrong. 
I never once implied or said that I'm a nihilist, and it's not like I don't have a moral philosophy, it's just that I realize that my philosophy isn't the one and only moral philosophy.


My reason for stealing isn't "because everyone else would do it", it's because I'm tired of being hungry and having no clothes that fit. Just because everyone thinks or does something, doesn't mean it's right. That's what I've been trying to say the whole time. 
Yes, I am calling someone who didn't steal a fool. Why? Because he could use that money for "good". Like donating to the Philippines, or to wounded warrior project, heck, he could give money to a McDonald's charity for Christ's sake and it would still go to better places than if he didn't steal. Does this make the fact that he stole money any better? *I don't know*. I'm not some omnipotent being in the sky saying what's right and what's wrong.


No, people who say they won't steal when in fact they would are just as bad. If not stealing a "shitload of money" is an axiom of modern human societies the why do we do it everyday? We go to war for fossil fuels, We steal from the rich for our benefits, people even steal from you and use it for their benefits. The point is that while individual theft may be considered bad, collective theft is perfectly fine.
@_date: 2014-06-28 14:01:45
Humans can be really crappy.
@_date: 2014-02-03 01:04:42
To quote Wall Street: "The point is ladies and gentlemen that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. "
Greed motivates us like nothing else, without greed it's entirely possible the human race might not have existed, and when you call us Bitcoin users "fucking greedy scumbags" I guarantee that if you yourself had that chance, you would of kept stealing *all* day. Is that wrong? I don't know, I'm not the judge, jury, or executioner, I'm just some nerd on the internet. 
Greed by itself is not evil or bad in anyway, it's what people do to quench that greed is what's bad.
OP is both a fool, and one of the few actually honest people on the earth, if I was in his shoes I'd steal, not that much of course, for fear of being caught, and I'd most likely give a lot to charity, but still, I *would* steal, and I have no doubt that most people on the earth would too.
You can pretend to stand above us all you want, when in reality you're just as bad, judging those who don't fall in line with your subjective view of morality. The only difference between us and you is that you fool yourself into thinking your above.
@_date: 2014-02-03 01:41:52


What? I don't get my philosophy from movies, I merely find quotes that fit my philosophy and use them, I only use movies and what-not because it's easier understand than me making a massive wall of text on what the philosophy is. 


Do you not see that our whole society is based on theft? We kill for oil, we take food from the poor, we steal from other people just so we can have a easier life. Everything we can do now has is here because of theft and war. Greed is not "doing things like stealing from others". Greed is the desire of something. I'm greedy in the sense that I want to have 3 meals a day, instead of my current 1 meal a day, even though there are people out there who would *kill* for one meal a day. I'm greedy in the sense that I want fitting clothes, when people would, again, *kill* for clothes at all. 


That's easy to say isn't it? However you failed to read this part:


You can stay up on your high horse all you want, but when it comes to crunch time, we'll know the truth, or at least *you* will, and really, that's all that matters.


Wait, wait, wait, did you really just say that? Hey, did he/she really just say that? I think he/she said that. 
Who decides what's "right" and what's "wrong"? You? That's fairly arrogant. Well, I guess you did just suddenly generalize a massive group of people and clearly state that you think your better than them. I can prove morality is subjective right now. 
I don't think that if he did keep stealing, it would be wrong. 
All it takes is one sentient being to question something non-concrete like morality or the meaning of words for it to become subjective. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 13:54:29
Every party can be just as irrational as every other party. 