@_author: cyberzac
@_date: 2015-01-11 00:07:12
Yes, consumers have to trust *one* hub. 
We expect that there will be hubs targeting consumers i.e. wallet and other hubs targeting merchant. Possibly there can be intermediate hubs as well. The nice thing is that the consumer only trusts his hub of choice, i.e. the hub that he has a payment channel to. 
The merchant trust his hub. And a merchant hub trusts consumer several consumer hubs. All the hubs can set different prices for redeeming promissory notes from other hubs based on their estimation of risk of not geting payed when the redeem to notes.
We also expect that the hubs will be public entities. At lest the merchants wants to have a known hub that they can sue.
Hubs can certainly issue promissory note out of thin air but consumers will get the services since the merchants accepts all notes that the merchants hub accepts. When a merchants redeems a note the hub is has accepted the risk. In general the current owner, bearer, of a note is the one with the risk. The good thing is that consumers only have a few seconds of risk, and as the payment is small, remember this is for micro payments. If the merchant don't accept the note, the consumer should investigate or simply change to a better hub.
As for the merchant to hub and hub to hub payments, these are all commercial entities, comparing prices and risks for services. They may choose to batch the notes when they redeem, e.g. once a day, or if trust is low, they could have a payment channel and get a payment for each note. And a hub can have different redeem mechanisms towards different hubs with different prices.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:08:08
You got it. Some more details:
 * Promissory Notes are negotiated, transfered, with digital signatures. They can no be stolen.
 * The current owner, bearer, of a promissory note holds the risk of not getting payed. I.e not being able to redeem the note.
 * When the consumer sends the negotiated note to the merchant and receives the service, he is out of the loop.
 * The consumer can prove that the merchant as been payed with the negotiated promissory note. He can download the redeemed note from the issuing hub, i.e. the consumers selected hub that his payment channel it set to.
 * The merchants and hubs can redeem notes from other hubs is many different ways, can be a bitcoin transaction of aggregated notes, a payment channel or even a bank wire of the corresponding fiat amount.
 * We expect that hubs will make charge different fees for accepting notes from other hubs, depending on the risk they associate with the hub. 
 * A merchant will get a list of issuers that the redeeming hub accepts together with the terms. 
 * Promissory notes as an expiry date. After that it is not redeemable. This is one of the thing that differentiates a promissory note from a IOU. We expect that nice hubs will pay the amount back to the consumer. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:27:42
We are trying to solve the problem with micropayment over bitcoin. There are two problems, bitcoin transaction fees and confirmation time. We also achieve increased privacy as a side effect.
The transaction fees are not a problem now, but we believe that bitcoin will become big with a lot of transactions per second. This implies that the fees will go up. We aggregate many micro payments using payment channels. The effect is that all micro payments share one single transaction fee.
The confirmation time is also solved by using payment channels. The off chain payment increases are instant and still fully secure.
What we do is Stroem, a protocol where micro payments can be routed over a network of hubs, from the consumer to the merchant. It is done by Promissory Notes, i.e. the consumer buys a promissory note from a hub for each micro payment and sends it to the merchant who in turn redeems it for the merchants hub. The merchants hub then redeems the note from the issuing hub. Of course the can be more hubs in between. The reason for using promissory notes is that it enables the merchant and hubs to batch the redeems. This will of course increase the risk but it enables a more efficient handling of small payments.
Now, why do we distinguish between merchants and consumers? In our world merchants sells stuff 24/7, are always online and are public entities. Also merchants and hubs are commercial entities that already works with risks when it comes to payments. The consumers typically have mobile wallets. It is hard to get a mobile phone to provide services without a third party server. For consumer to consumer payments, why not use regular bitcoin transactions?
Also, Stroem is an open protocol, anyone can implement their own wallets/merchants/hubs or what ever. When we're ready we will release the specs as well as reference implementations.
We've been busy implementing all the stuff, and our external web has not been top priority. 
Remember we are enabling fast micro payments. You pay a small amount and get serviced in seconds. Stroem should not be used for large payment where waiting a few seconds it not an issue. You are trading bitcoins "no third party needed" for "fast service with a third party needed but I only risk a dollar"
@_date: 2015-01-11 00:21:36
Strawpay makes sense for small payments, for large like $1000 why not use a direct bitcoin payment or a point to point payment channel.
From wikipedia "Promissory notes differ from IOUs in that they contain a specific promise to pay along with the steps and timeline for repayment as well as consequences if repayment fails." 
The promissory notes will only be valid for an explicit time, we expect a couple of days. We propose using digital signatures for negotiating them.
@_date: 2015-11-28 21:15:22
Anyone can run a node that supports RBF. You may not like this and wish that people will not do this. But it is a fact. There is nothing to debate. 
Zeroconf is trusting that people will not try to scam you.
Bitcoin is trusting math and the majority of the mining power does the right thing.