@_author: cyberpinoy
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:03:37
We have just added 3 more wallets to our site, TekCoin, PayCon (NOT PAYCOIN), and BitBean. What this means for our investors is they are now collecting earnings from 7 staking wallets with our investment opportunity. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 10:47:00
Well at least we provide something more than an empty promise and a visit our data center (that the investor must pay for) huh? Oh and by the way its easy to tell people to come visit the datacenter huh, when its not them paying for the trip, you dont smell the scam there? Why not just make it easy and post some pictures or a video of the warehouse, problem solved.  An unaltered screenshot is more proof than Scrypt.cc is willing to give you. I just checked the Whois, I like that he took the whois guard down, last time we checked this site it was guarded. 
Heck they could even run some screenshots of their proxy mining software working showing all the hashrates they have distributed, a picture of the warehouse, a video of what your investment is paying for. It is  a matter of how hard they are willing to go for their investors, and providing nothing says a lot about them. Forcing you to pay for a trip in order to see what your investment has paid for says a lot more. 
PBMining looked professional, MTGOX looked professional, Paycoin looked professional, BFL Labs looked professional, and the list goes on. and they all scammed people out of thousands of bitcoins. They look professional because that is what the scammer paid the developers for, a professional site that would mislead customers into forking over their BTC with no real investigation into the company. They used the mindset you have portrayed, If they look professional enough no one will ask questions they will just invest.
We built our website ourselves, We're not coders, we are not designers, we wanted a site that catered to the needs of the investor, not something that looked like a duck and walked like a duck. A site that showed we do more than  hire some programmer to provide us with a scam site layout. It is secure and altho you may feel it unprofessional, it serves the purpose it needs. It gives the  information that is most important to investors, it shows the coins and information of the coins we invest in, it has everything needed to provide investors with what they need to make an informed decision to invest with us. A simple website like most of the cloud mining scams is not what we wanted nor what we provide, we had to find a way to pack a lot more information in our site than any cloud mining service offers its investors. 
I would ask that before you make such wild accusations you at least ask questions to see if we quack like a duck, not just a one liner "smells like a scam" response. In order to see or think its a scam you need a lot more info than going to the site for less than 3 seconds. We advise no one invest without asking us questions actually, never blindly invest your BTC because a site "looks professional" that is the reason why it looks so professional, they want you to think they are professionals, that they conduct a professional business. Looking professional is exactly how so many people got scammed in crypto. To many people judge the book by the cover, and not enough questions before they invest.
@_date: 2015-04-24 09:00:12
I always promised If I ever found a way to show all the other cloud mining businesses how to do it, I would make a cloud based mining business and prove to them you can make a great income and still be very honest. Unfortunately most if not all cloud mining companies have turned out to be scams, they use whois guarded websites hiding their identity from you, they have no telephone number, No address, using referral bonuses to attract new people daily so they can pass generated bitcoins around from one person to another until they have made enough money to run away with yours and others investments. Yet, these places make thousands of hard earned BTC from people like you. People looking for the answer as to how they can make a recurring income of Bitcoins and know their investment is safe and secure.
I have watched many forums and other communities, and I have built EXACTLY what everyone wanted, I built the first of it's kind cloud mining solution based upon YOUR needs, and I have corrected ALL the problems you have with all other cloud mining companies.
[img]:  
 is a business that a group of coin miners has been testing, and putting together for months, to bring you a perfect solution to all the things you hate most about other mining sites, and your solution to all the lies from cloud mining services we have today, A way you can finally say goodbye to the 60% to 80% maintenance fees cloud mining services charge you, a way you can finally know you will be able to make profit from your bitcoin investment. And not just a profit, but increased profits over time rather than decreased profits with rises in electric costs and rises in coin difficulty.
No more excuses, no more lies, no more crap and run around, why pay someone to try and earn Bitcoins when they are just going to take the biggest share of your profit and earnings in fees, we have eliminated all of these out of our program. 
[img]: 
We are not Whois Guarded, Our address is on the website, and our telephone number is available, we have direct emails to contact us thru, and for investors who provide substantial investments I have no problem providing other contact details, as with any real investment it would be required anyways. We have no reason to hide, we built a very strong, highly profitable business where we don't have to offer a referral reward because the referral bonuses are already hard coded into the structure of the business. We do not have 1 way you can earn higher profits, we don't have 2 ways, we have many ways your investment is backed up, and is able to bring you in higher profits without the need to reinvest.
HOW DOES THIS BENEFIT YOU
At  What we do is a lot like all other mining pools, you are buying Staking power. Once you have made your payment we then trade whatever coin you used to invest with us and we buy coins we can stake on. As with most Mining pools or Cloud Mining services your investment represents a percentage of mining power. At Stakeminers.com however, you will never have maintenance fees, you will not have payout fees lowering your returns, in fact the difficulty will not even decrease your investment like other mining pools and cloud mining services. You will literally be able to increase your income without investing more ever.
[img]: 
By combining coins into one wallet, we enable investors the ability to stake more frequently at a higher rate of return on each stake. Like regular mining, Stake Mining has blocks that give rewards, the more blocks you find the more rewards you receive, the difference tho is in Stake Mining your rewards are larger and more frequent than like regular mining. By holding a large volume of coins in one wallet you stake more frequently and you stake much higher amounts, giving you returns that sometimes are bigger than hardware mining and certainly larger than any other Cloud Mining service out there.
[img]: 
For a full run down on how the system works we have a complete [HOW IT WORKS] ( page you can see how it is we can continue to earn you increased profits over time. You can see how it was all put together in our [ABOUT] ( Page
[img]: 
We even protected your investment from those nasty little DDOS attack excuses. We dont need to worry about a DDOS attack as the wallets involved are not on the website servers, they are on a connection safely away from your common hacker threats. SO even if our site comes under a DDOS attack your investment is secure and protected away from their greedy little programming fingers. Everything we do is all Manual for your protection, this is why accounts are updated at least once every 24 hours. But your investment is time stamped and you get credit for your earning form the time you have made your investment.
[img]: 
You wanted it and now it is here, everything you desire, all your needs, everything you wanted from a Cloud Mining Service and more all in one single little website. 
@_date: 2015-04-27 05:21:33
This is the last week for the Early Payout Bonus. Congrats to all the winners during this promotion.
This weeks early payout bonus winners are as follows. Congratulations
 Renard
 andyrool
 autospamfighter	
Regular Payouts are as follows.
 Mulletwang
 tyacan81
 shialsuoto
 Ghaiana
 LuisCorinthiano
 ollibertinho
 precrime3
 wuhotan
 ofeefee
 coyne1981
 Niliv
 gribgo
You can view all of our transaction and payouts on our Payouts  We also post updates of the wallets we are staking in so you can keep track of your investment on your members accounts page.
Everyone who was paid out will see their accounts page has all the information listed for your records.
Thank you to all of our investors for another great week.
@_date: 2015-04-24 09:51:02
Why, the undeniable proof of investment is in your members area, updated every day, and backed by the blockchain. We are not whois guarded, we have a telephone number where people call me all the time, you can request to have a skype conference. Our investors even have documents of investment emailed to them as proof if they request it :) So please elaborate and let us know what gave you the impression this was a scam? 
I see you support Scrypt.cc, ask them if they can provide you pictures of your what your investment has paid for, Check and see if they are whois guarded (you know they pay a fee to hide their identity from you) With our service, the proof of your investment is updated so you can see the daily progress, and how it is you are making an income.