@_author: cyclical48
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:06:43
I've been asked by my parents, 'What is a Bitcoin?'
Explaining the potential of one BTC being worth $14 Million dollars to them just doesn't make sense. The incredible amount of growth BTC has had in two months alone, is enough to put anybody into sceptic, 'OMG it's a Ponzi scheme.' mode.  
The fault in a lot of these analysts articles, is their lack of understanding the potential amount of growth for bitcoin as a TOOL for the masses. What it may be (or whatever iteration takes over) in 15 years from now, is still a mystery but one things for sure:
 
Bitcoins value lies in its ability to 
1.) Anonymize money supplies, 
2.) money launder, 
3.) travel and move money without the interference of knowledge of anyone (i.e. Big Brother), 
4.) un-tampered with fines encountered by producers/vendors, 
5.)instantaneously transfer funds anywhere in seconds for cents, if any transfer fee, (you lost your wallet in Europe while backpacking, Dad sends bit coins to a new wallet you skyped him the address for, in seconds you bought yourself some pizza down the block with them, vendor either lowers price to compete with others or keeps price but incurs profit due to no Amex credit card fees, etc.) 
6.) the amount of technologies that will be breeded, 
7.) new jobs, 
8.) change in the way you live life, and 
9.) possibly unifying the globe's money supply without centralization will have innumerable benefits for all nations at every corner of this globe. 
What the Internet (Expedia etc) did to the travel agency, Bitcoin will do to the banks.
Today the Chinese are moving millions of their dollars and converting without government interference. This is something not only Americans, but all the globe has been waiting for. This thing, this 'pyramid scheme' is the pyramid every person on this earth has been waiting for, and will take advantage of. This pyramid that we've all been building for years, is going to blow speculators, analysts, pessimists, all out of the water; once an intelligent, devoted, and persistent group of people get together to reinvent the world again, wether it be the invention of the internet, or the camera, what was before, never will be the same again.
Once you understand the potential utility and investment potential of Bitcoin, it's kinda soon to be calling it sell just yet. Maybe sell your 25ghs mining rigs..but spend and keep buying those coins. Will there be crashes along the way? Yes. Most definitely, we've got some Bitcoin hoarders from '09 and '10 just ready to cash out at certain trigger points in the value. However, Bitcoins have proven to be useful, inspiration, and dazzling on a global scale and IT as well as other digital crypto currencies are far from leaving the stage.