@_author: cyclopeanian
@_date: 2017-07-20 04:45:22
If the above isn't Viharo, then its probably Mikemikev. He got banned on a forum (MootSF) for pretending to be a gay Korean male; the above homo comment sounds like him. The timing him coming here also makes sense: he got banned on Rationalwiki in the last 24 hours after doxing &amp; personally attacking me. This is his lame attempt at now trolling me.
@_date: 2017-07-19 18:52:01
The real Oliver here. I can confirm none of the above accounts are mine. They either are Rome Viharo's where he sets up fake accounts attacking himself, while impersonating me, or some other troll. Notice that Viharo tried to bait me in another Reddit section recently, where he said "hopefully" I would show up. I never did. Since I didn't- I now expect this nutcase is creating fake accounts pretending to be me. I don't even post on reddit, and this is only a throwaway account to warn people of Viharo's latest tricks.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:59:30
Account reported for what? And aren't you the person banned from Reddit on multiple accounts? A log of your banned socks is on your Rationalwiki article. Your name "23canaries" was posted on Rationalwiki on a new section, I merely showed up here from there since your name is the same as that account.
When I showed here over a month ago, it was for the same reason: you falsely accused me of being other accounts. If you just left me alone and moved on in your life- I wouldn't even need to post here to defend myself from your bizarre allegations.
Someone called "Kevin" you said was me and one month ago+ I posted this: "Kevin. You know I'm not you. Viharo is a paranoid fantasist, he's accused at least two people in this thread of being "oliver", when neither are."
Like I said, if you stopped doing this (which is actually a form of harassment), I wouldn't even need to post here. Unlike you I don't use this website as a casual chat-box. Every time I've had to waste in the last year coming here is because of you/or Kiwi Farms. The latter has since deleted everything they wrote about me. So you're in the position now that you have a Kiwi Farms thread, and I don't. No doubt this upsets you, which is why I won't rule out you being the above socks that you're now using to try to frame me. Kiwi Farmers left me alone, and I now left them alone, and everything got deleted. That's how easy it could be between us, but instead you're still writing misinformation articles about me on your site and seem to want to continue some sort of 'drama'.