@_author: cycloptichorn
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:38:46
The government doesn't 'steal' your money, sheesh. This is a totally ignorant thing for anyone to ever say.
Repeat after me: **taxation is not theft.**  You benefit greatly from the services government provides and you agree to pay them taxes by not leaving the country and renouncing your citizenship. That's the end of it.
If you truly feel differently, go find a Libertarian haven to live in and see how much you like it. But you won't, because that takes effort and y'all are all about complaining and literally nothing else. It's why your position isn't taken seriously by anyone 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:27:15
Holy shit, the ignorance burns my eye to even read
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:41:49
Holy crap, do some basic research
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:47:07
You just gonna ignore getting called out on your lies about cancer research, or what?
Seriously, I'd expect this sort of ranting out of a Ron Paul-ish Goldbug, it has nothing to do with Crypto or the awesomeness that drives the technology
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:18:09


The vast majority is based in Fact, not logic. That's the difference between us.  I know a lot about cancer research and you know nothing about it.  That, for some reason, doesn't stop you from talking about it, though.


You say this because you have no real understanding of how medical research or any research really works.  Lemme clue you in, just for funsies: 
- While we haven't 'cured cancer' outright, cancer survival rates are through the fucking roof compared to just 30 and 40 years ago, thanks to research funded by the government.
- Doing actual, meaningful research means spending time not only trying to look for a cure or some sort of new development, but also working to prove or disprove work that others have done.  In basic research, it's perfectly okay to try to do something and get a failed result.  It adds to the body of knowledge when a failed result occurs.  It's also beneficial to try and replicate others' results and fail to do so.  This process actually brings about advancement over time.
- But that process is very inefficient, in terms of turning a PROFIT.  Research isn't intended to turn a profit.  It almost NEVER will.  By design.  Yet, it's critical for the development of ideas and techniques that actually do turn a profit, and without the basic research that's funded by the government and performed in universities and hospitals, the vast majority of our current knowledge about cancer literally wouldn't exist and our treatment methods would be stone-age compared to what they are today.
- Private companies will NEVER be able to replicate government funding for basic research, ever.  They'd lose money constantly doing so and go out of business.
- I shouldn't have to explain this, any of this, to anyone who opens their mouth on the topic because this is BASIC shit when it comes to cancer research.  
Your 'logic' isn't a substitute for actual knowledge of how things work, you get that, right?  Now, go forward and don't say such stupid things in the future mkay
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:32:37
Paying taxes isn't being robbed, either.
Y'all can't just make up definitions to words in order to fit your edgy opinions, yaknow
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:50:26
Haha, sure. I'm not the one railing against taxation and tossing around words incorrectly
You really don't know what that word means, do you?
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:29:07


And lo, the ignorant willfully chose to remain ignorant, for to confront the reality of their situation was too much to bear


Lies.  You know LITERALLY NOTHING about it, and you don't want to know, because your 'logic' (and being edgy) are more important than improving yourself or admitting that you didn't know, which is truly pathetic.
Reader of this thread, please.  Don't trust anything you ever see this person say, ever.  Because they are perfectly happy to spout off bullshit, knowing they are doing so.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:55:26
You're the one who claimed that the clean air I breathe, and the water I drink, are the, how did you put it, 'results of private individuals doing voluntary transactions.'
There's nothing anyone can do but laugh at someone who makes such a statement.  It betrays a fundamental ignorance of how industry and regulation work within this country.  I don't think you understand the foggiest thing about anything we're discussing, actually.  Now, come clean.  You're just a kid, right?  No real experience in the real world?  I'm hoping that's the case, the alternative is, sheesh
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:46:28


Pure bullshit.  You have no clue how cancer research funding works, and I say that sincerely. You literally have no idea what you're talking about.  When challenged, you can provide nothing as evidence for your position.  When you did bring something up (the Mayo Clinic) you didn't even do the basic research to realize that they are HEAVILY funded by the NiH.  
You're a joke.
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:39:51


Oh, FFS, this is stunningly ignorant.  You have no idea how much government money has flowed to Universities and research hospitals to fight cancer.  
Private industry doesn't fund fundamental research, they fund APPLIED research.  Putting money into cancer research is literally throwing that money into a pit 99% of the time, in terms of return on your investment, because the vast, overwhelming majority of things we try don't work well at all and no product could ever be developed based on the research.  
Just, c'mon, don't talk about things you don't understand


Why do you believe that one has to be against government, to be in crypto?  Crypto is fucking awesome irrespective of one's opinion of government.  Stop this bullshit gatekeeping, sheesh
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:22:28


No, they're not.  You affirmatively choose to live in an area that charges taxes and you choose to engage in transactions with others that trigger taxes being charged on said transactions.  You could decide to do neither of those things, but that's too hard so instead you just bitch about it while you pay up.


That's a great opinion, but it has no bearing on reality whatsoever.


It's entirely different, but you knew that when you wrote that sentence.


I don't know if you know the meaning of the word 'extortion.'  You should look up both that AND theft for a quick education.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:29:37
Nope. Instead, you'll pay or the government will seize your 'rightful property.' This is appropriate and correct for them to do.
Some of you yahoos live in a pure fantasy world
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:28:35


I dare you to even attempt to provide a single link to prove this. 
You won't be able to, because you're talking purely out your ass and making things up as you go along.  Isn't that correct?
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:09:35
This is some ignorant shit right here
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:54:07
I guess when you make up whatever definition for words you like, you can say whatever you want.  Just don't expect to be taken seriously by anyone else, mkay, because you are objectively wrong when you do so
Now, pardon me while I go back to my fantastic life, in which I'm hardly 'oppressed.'  I'll drink some super-clean water, breathe in some clean air, walk home without any real fear of a crime being committed on me.  I'll enjoy a tremendous number of high-tech devices that make my life easy and convenient.  I'll choose from thousands of clean foods to eat for dinner tonight, all of which are relatively affordable.   I'll relax, knowing that I live a better life today than 99% of people who were ever born in the history of humanity.  I'll video-chat with my mom two thousand miles away, for fun and for free.
Oppression, my ass, you guys have zero historical knowledge and just throw terms around with no real clue about what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:59:46
You'd be making an absolutely retarded argument, then, with literally nothing to back it up.  Isn't that correct?  You have no experience in this area and are just repeating bullshit you've heard from other Libertarian-wannabes
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:48:42
Do you even know the definition of the word 'extortion?' 
Y'all Libertarian-wannabes just throw around words without having any real understanding of what they mean constantly, you know that. And then have the temerity to get angry when others point out the errors
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:53:36


Why dontcha just move those goalposts a bit farther, pal?  You literally said that CANCER RESEARCH is best done privately and the government fucks it up.  That's a very, very dumb thing to say and the opposite of the truth.


This is also a dumb thing to say.  Do you know anything about how medical research works?  How companies profit?  I can't imagine so based on what you've written here, because - and I know this is going to come as a shock to you - basic medical research is VERY unprofitable.  It rarely results in a product that can be marketed and sold.  This is why private companies don't do it often and why it's funded so heavily.... by governments.
You really have no experience with any of this stuff, do you?  That's okay, but why talk about it like you do?  It's embarassing
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:55:11
Because I bought 4 coins on a lark when they were less than $1k each. 
You don't have to be a reality denier to be in crypto, man.
Just to sum it up:
- taxes are not theft, period, and you're wrong when you say they are
- you're going to keep right on paying yours just like every other Libertarian loudmouth
- you have zero intention of ever doing anything about it because you're all talk and no action
- all the above facts make this conversation highly amusing to me
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:45:22


Hahahaha, okay pal
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:25:47
Haha, I'm not the one railing against reality here, pal.
I'm guessing you live on this planet and therefore live in a jurisdiction that charges taxes.  I'd be pretty shocked to be wrong on either one of those accounts.  That's all that's necessary for my comments to be accurate.


Of course you do!  You telling me you have no choice of moving?  Are you a minor who lives with their parents?  No?  Then get it together and move, millions of people relocate every year.  Zero reason you cannot other than laziness.  Or maybe, you simply have nowhere to go, because, yaknow, every country on this planet taxes their citizens to one degree or another.


It literally does.  You didn't read the definition, did you?  I even posted it for you to do so.  


It literally wouldn't.  You don't know the definition of Murder, either, apparently.  
Seriously it's fun watching you Libertarian-wannabes rant, but ultimately it's cringey to see.  None of you have the courage of your convictions and you've failed, stunningly, at convincing the wider populace that your preferred society is superior to the ones that actually exist.  
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:03:35


They aren't mandatory and compulsory.  Nobody is forcing you to stay in any location that charges you taxes.  If you don't like paying them; leave.  Seriously, leave today.  But we both know that ain't gonna happen


But, you DO have a choice.  I just outlined that above.


I think it's pretty clear that you don't understand the definition of Theft, and you simply use that term because you're an angry person and it sounds good.  Let's check it out:


b : an unlawful taking (as by embezzlement or burglary) of property
The government has EVERY right to tax you.  It's written directly into our laws.  What more, their taking of your owed taxes isn't a felony.  


I don't need to, there are hundreds of blowhards just like you on every internet forum.  All talk, zero action.  Isn't that correct?  Or, maybe you ARE leaving for that mystical Libertarian paradise?
Oh, I know.  You're planning on committing tax fraud.  Is that the correct answer?  Please, do go on about it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:35:15
Please, that's your response?
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:55:41
You just gonna ignore getting called out on your lies about cancer research, or what?
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:01:04
Seriously though, you have no experience with anything you discuss, right?  
This is one of the most stunningly prolonged displays of ignorance I've ever seen from a poster, really takes the cake