@_author: cymbaline1971
@_date: 2019-12-12 21:48:59
Thank you. I know about the companies that sell the plug and play nodes. I follow a couple of the on twitter. I like the idea, but
I would much rather set up a node myself. Reasons:
1. as a learning experience
2. i trust my own inputed code more than code that comes pre-installed on a piece of hardware.
Thats just a feeling i get i guess when i consider i will be working with real money. 
Still would love to have a chat forum to bounce some thoughts off of.  I really like reddit but there is something about instant chat / IM capabilities that is nice. 
I looked at r/bitcoinbeginners, and i see some node setup related questions. I am surprised. I did not consider setting up a node to be a ‘beginners’ topic. Thanks for pointing me there.
@_date: 2019-12-12 20:20:37
Thank you. I agree. So many bad discord servers out there in the bitcoin space. Unfortunately, the bitcoin community seems to be filled with bad sources and misleading information. Which is why i am asking about a specific server for a bit of tech support when i need it. 
If i wanted to get joe blows opinion on when the market will tank or how china is about to ban this or that... i can look elsewhere.
@_date: 2019-12-13 00:51:00
You are free to critique my response.  But if you are going to try and suggest my instinct in wrong concerning a technically oriented discord server, i will have to say you and I are not in the same discord servers. I find my other technical servers VERY helpful. 
Yes, there are many reasons why a static website, with static instruction is never going to answer all the questions an interactive technical server can.  
The website and technical interactive server are best used together, in combination. 
You are putting me in a defensive position in an attempt to get me to justify my question. You are answering a question with another question. 
If you have a question, you can make a new post and ask the reddit community exactly what you just asked to me. Perhaps you can get more people than just myself to respond. I wish you luck.
@_date: 2019-12-12 19:59:54
That is a nice website resource. I have seen that before. 
I am looking for a discord server to have a chat in as opposed to the website you recommended.
@_date: 2019-12-12 22:48:22
That is interesting... and timely. Jeeez,.
Since the timing of my question fits that seminar so well I must say that i had no prior knowledge of that seminar, None. 
I like the content he is covering, but unfortunately it is out of my budget range. 
Thanks for the post though.
@_date: 2019-12-12 22:47:39
I am sorry, i did not see it at first. That link does have some chat related links on it. Including discord. Looks primarily centered around the lightning network though. 
I will have to look through the page better next time. Thank you.
@_date: 2019-12-12 19:48:47
I’ve found servers that are primary for buying/selling goods, and I’ve found servers that talk all about the next big rise or fall in the markets... 
but i really want to find is a technical support discord that can help me create a full node to support the bitcoin community as a whole.
@_date: 2019-12-13 17:03:55
That is kind of you. However I don’t think i need that much assistance. I’m not exactly a ‘noob’ when it comes to computers/technology, and i can handle a command line pretty well. My post here was searching for a chat type function where i can bounce the occasional question off someone. The value of the subject specific, technically oriented, IM platform is what has been so useful in my past.  Giving back on those platforms is also fun, the community builds and it maintains itself. Anyway. Thats just my experience.
Also, i know it can be done on a RasPi, but i am not sure that is the best place to start. The new RasPi 4 may be better at performance, and may solve some of the previous issues of speed and available memory. Also the fact that it is running off of a SD card, which do fail more often than a hdd or ssd, is a concern.
@_date: 2019-12-12 20:16:28
Well ‘obsessed’ is your interpretation of my question. You certainly have a right to your opinion. 
And thank you for trying to find a fault in my statement. I am not sure how that is helpful, but, basically you added additional words to my post, and called me out for being incomplete, or incorrect. Thank you. 
If you would like to know why i am looking for a discord server, its because of the chat functionality, the ability to receive instant feedback. 
 While i agree that discord has some privacy and centralization issues that seem to go against bitcoins philosophy, so does reddit. 
I have already looked at the official IRC channels for bitcoin. They do not have the specific data, topic specific channels i am looking for.
Thanks