@_author: cypherblock
@_date: 2016-08-29 12:25:40


So no claimed "SPV" wallet out there gets all the block headers and then the merkle branch for relevant transactions and then verifies that the transaction was part of the block? 
Or what parts of SPV exactly do all of these wallets fail to implement?  
@_date: 2016-08-27 01:42:22
TL;DR we still don't know how hack occurred (or we are just not saying because on going **sting** operation in progress, JK), we re-built our servers (which didn't help shapeshift at all, but what the heck, it sounds good). Oh yeah hold on to those tokens.
@_date: 2016-08-06 03:09:46
Short? Customer says send me 20 ETH to my ETH wallet address, Coinbase sends 20 ETH. Customer opens a  ETC wallet, imports same private keys as in ETH wallet, and sees 20 ETC. What did Coinbase lose? Whose wallet should get the ETC.
Sorry not saying some problems didn't occur, I just want to understand. Maybe I'm missing something big here. Lets do an ELI5 on this. Maybe someone who lost coins/money can talk us through it.
Sure if you sent ETH  to someone and you didn't realize you were also signing away your ETC, that is a problem. Of course maybe you didn't realize you had ETC to begin with. Anyway you signed a transaction with your private key so you sent whatever coins were in those unspent outputs on any chain anywhere.
@_date: 2016-08-16 22:15:15
Well every startup is sort of a roll of the dice. I'm not 100% sure this was a "scam" or just something Vitalik was interested in pursuing and thought that maybe with enough investment he could make some progress. Did he make promises, or was he just enthusiastic about the possibilities?
D-Wave which makes a quantum computer that apparently doesn't do that much is getting used and purchased by Google so maybe Vitalik thought he could produce something equally as "useless" but still valuable in some fashion.
@_date: 2016-08-05 23:35:19
When might we expect some real information (if ever) about the breach? Like details similar to what ShapeShift provided?
@_date: 2016-08-25 13:30:21
Because it is likely you will never profit, it is also possible that the mining company isn't mining at all.
* Start fake cloud mining company that does no mining 
* Get people to buy lifetime contracts (one time payment) like ~340 USD for 2000 GH/s. 
* Legitimately pay them every month what they would earn for that hash rate minus whatever "maintenance" costs (electricity, etc) that seem reasonable.
* After 6 months or so their contract profit will be 0, so payments to them stop, and 6 months of payments are less than total contract cost==&gt;Profit
@_date: 2016-08-26 11:41:56


Presumably the shared key is encrypted by a password other than your login password, right? Otherwise there wouldn't be much point. I think the reason for the shared key is to let people transact without pasting in a private key but instead by typing in a pass phrase after they are logged in. Then again I haven't tried it on their site yet, so sort of guessing.
@_date: 2016-08-30 11:47:59
You are aware that [Bitfinex got hacked recently]( and all people that had money stored there lost 36% of it.
@_date: 2016-08-18 12:04:19
What are all the official trezor domains? 
There have been a lot of attempted scam sites trying to trick trezor users with urls that link to domains similar to the official ones. Maybe someone from the trezor team can chime in here.
Is this correct?: 
* mytrezor.com
* trezor.io 
* bitcointrezor.com
* buytrezor.com
@_date: 2016-08-06 21:32:31
[So now this](  


Also Coinbase apparently lost only about $40k with of ETC due to replay attacks. 
So maybe they agreed with your position "valid claim to ETC" or maybe they are just buying good will and getting people to use their exchange more and not lose customers.
@_date: 2016-08-14 22:53:46


What dishonesty are you referring to there? Maybe you linked to wrong post. I see 2 guys discussing an issue with the enum value. Nothing mentioned about disrupting the P2P network.


Actually I would love to see the spec for all of Bitcoin core. The whitepaper of course serves as a foundation. There are a number of wiki's (I suspect a lot are out of date). There are BIPs for various improvements. In total I'm not sure our "spec" coverage is that great overall. Is there one master spec, or what do you mean? 
For example if I wanted to see how the mempool is managed in Bitcoin core, where would I go to see that (aside from the code itself)? Maybe there was a BIP for it, but is there one for every code change? Is the documentation update for every code change?
I'm not against documentation, but it is rare (in a dynamic changing project) to find up to date, accurate documentation. Does Bitcoin Core have it? If so that is great. Please link.
@_date: 2016-08-18 00:04:50
I'd like to see root cause and results before Bitfinex allows new people to sign up.
@_date: 2016-08-16 07:31:11
Since no details of the hack have been revealed it is fair to assume that all coins held there are still vulnerable. Waiting for details.
@_date: 2016-08-03 02:20:38
Can you tell us:
1) how many different keys were used to sign the theft transactions (in other words, were the same 2 keys used for all transactions, or did each wallet have a separate set of 2 keys or what)
2) To sign a transaction are you using an API call to BitGo sending them an unsigned tx and they send back with their sig, or how does that work?
If you are using an API with BitGo then the API key/credentials you are using becomes equivalent to all the private keys used by BitGo. 
@_date: 2016-08-16 11:48:53
Yes sidechains do seem like the best "way out" for the bitcoin community, but moving to an even more centralized system is not a great idea.
Why not at least have a regular PoW system (not necessarily double sha256) and regular node network, but with functionaries only for moving coins back and forth (edit: functionaries just for signing txs)?
@_date: 2016-08-05 12:54:44


Well if this is the case then probably IP spoofing could be done to bypass any IP checks. Actually returning the transaction for someone else to broadcast would actually be more secure as it makes IP spoofing harder.


Yes although only one key would have to be different and in fact this is what I assume Bitfinex is doing. Use the same BitGo public key (from one private key) and the same Bitfinex public key (based on its cold storage private key) for 2 of the 3 addresses used for the multi-sig address. The 3rd public key used for the multi-sig would have to be different for each deposit address. They may very well use HD wallets for each customer wallet. Yes it does seem unlikely though that **all** the customer wallets are part of a massive keychain (same master private key as root for everything) but not impossible. [Sort of like depicted here from BIP 32.]( In that picture you can see multiple wallet accounts all stemming from same root.
Doing that (one massive keychain) for tens of thousands of users seems pretty ill advised, but I don't think we can rule it out yet. **Something ill advised happened here**.
Anyway I'm looking forward to hearing more from the sources at some point. Hopefully they will be as forth coming as ShapeShift was about their hack. So far we've gotten lot's of responses but we still don't know all that much.
@_date: 2016-08-17 16:35:21


Where? Provide link please. In the document you linked to in the title post the words "server", "datacenter" do not appear.


Nor did you claim to actually have any information about how the hack happened. Do you have an idea about how it occurred? Or who did it?
I find it **odd** that you are allowing new customers to open accounts and for purchases of bitcoin to occur without addressing these issues.
@_date: 2016-08-19 12:01:35
I'm not saying it's a bad idea in general. Just remember that scammers go to pretty elaborate attempts to create fake websites, fake emails, etc. So fake twitter accounts also not too hard at that point. Oh was it  or   or  ?
@_date: 2016-08-01 22:27:02
True enough, but better might be to explore how this kind of replay can cause problems or not for users/exchanges/merchants, etc.
Also understanding the 'correct' pricing for each fork coin (let's just say both sides of the fork are fork coins at this point)? 
Or more to the point, is it possible to have a successful hardfork with let's say 50% hashrate, and what needs to be done by different players to avoid losing coins/$ in those situations. 
Note: I am not advocating for a 50% hardfork split, just exploring.
@_date: 2016-08-04 11:48:40
This would then imply that the API access to BitGo is **equivalent to having all the BitGo private keys** (which even with the limits is pretty much the case).
That is the entire problem with BitGo. If you have an API request that says "please sign this transaction" and then just rely on BitGo's "algorithms" to either approve or deny that request, then as a hacker if you have been able to gain the API access you're job is not too hard now. The algorithms in place for a major exchange like BitFinex would have to be pretty liberal anyway, so even if they hadn't been relaxed I think a hacker could do quite a bit of damage.
However here are some things we don't know (or that I can't keep track of with all the different threads on this):
* Has BitGo or BitFinex confirmed that API access was used to get BitGo to sign all the theft transactions? (How many separate requests were made? Does BitGo allow bulk signing and how many txs can be signed at once?)
* If API access was used, does BitGo check if the IP address for those requests match a known one for BitFinex? And if so was there a match here, or what?
* Did each customer wallet have a different set of keys? Or the same set? -&gt;Did all wallets really have the same 2-of-3 keys needed, like the exact same private keys for every customer wallet?
* If API access was used, did the 'sign requests' all come in a short time, or did the thief spread this out so that they wouldn't hit BitGo limits, then they broadcasted TXs to blockchain once everything was ready?
* If API access **was not** used, and if BitFinex's cold key was not compromised as they claim,  then what the fuck happened? 
@_date: 2016-08-15 01:05:13


Sort of hard to determine that given timestamps like "one day ago" on reddit and github. 
Also it seems that it may have just been sheer luck that a problem to either implementation wasn't caused by the enum issue. Are there test cases for this dual use of enum issue? Perhaps Zander was upset that the issue was dismissed quickly and without real consideration.
Request for specs is a good one, but it also should be understood that there is mistrust between the communities and Luke being in charge of the BIP process is not the wisest choice from an inclusion perspective. You also didn't reply to my comments about Core specs.
@_date: 2016-08-23 12:53:04
Right and while Bitwala's (see linked article from OP) implementation of BitGo is much more secure than the Bitfinex approach (Bitwala holds no private keys themselves), they still are probably not securing their API access to BitGo the way they would a private key.
With BitGo, API access is basically identical to a private key, especially when BitGo's limits/protections obviously don't work so well. But because firms like Bitwala don't think they own any private keys, they are likely using less security around the API keys.
Actually Bitwala's main security issue IMO is the fact the page which displays the users keys to them contains 3rd party javascript, so that any of those 3rd parties code can be compromised to steal the keys and client secret (random data added to user password). Brute force decrypting those keys now only requires guessing the user supplied password which as we know can be pretty weak.
Also Bitwala puts all the key information in one PDF file (user key and backup key, and client secret) which client will probably just save on their computer.
@_date: 2016-08-16 23:38:56
Bitcoin mining is geographically centralized with most large pools in China. This is in no way inevitable. Cheap power, cheap labor, cheap access to ASICs or relationships with fabs, etc. Great firewall helping them, etc. We also don't really know how much of the Pool's hardware is physically controlled by them and how much is other miners that are independent pointing at those pools.


But that is not the problem plaguing the community. We don't need bitcoin at all if you want to be centralized. Sure you can create something like Visa, but we have that. Not looking to create a new one of those.
@_date: 2016-08-16 21:39:38


So that is what you want Bitcoin to become? I think that post is interesting but I doubt he would advocate this approach for what he considers Bitcoin proper. So why advocate centralization for a sidechain?
@_date: 2016-08-06 12:04:10


Interesting theory, one for courts to decide I guess. Not saying I disagree. I'm sure the lawyers will be modifying their terms of service to account for this in the future. Love all that fine print stuff. **If you don't control your keys you don't control your coins.** When will people learn. This is why Bitcoin was invented. Eliminate the middle man banker.


Except that it (ETHF) was worth 5-10x the **original**. Why should they have any right to get ETHF at all under your theory? So you would have screwed all the customers and just followed ETC chain, shown everyone their balance in $ was cut by 5-10x? Maybe that would have been more consistent (especially if you support the ETC cause and ethics and disagree with the hardfork). So yeah, give customers the original consensus coins. Keep ETHF for themselves. That is one way to go.
@_date: 2016-08-17 13:31:32


It's hard not to interpret this as  "We have no idea how the hack happened, or who did it (we haven't fired anyone), but we are changing a bunch of shit, so we are good now."
* No idea how BitGo API keys/authorization where compromised.
* No confirmation that BitGo API was used at all really (no info on number of API calls made, the period over which they where made, exact timestamps of each request, IP originated from, etc). All we know is the BitGo signed transactions.
* No idea if this was an inside job or if servers/network were compromised with key loggers, traffic sniffers, etc
* No info of any servers being re-built, changed, etc.
@_date: 2016-08-29 22:32:22


Is there any working implementation or spec for a node to construct and broadcast a fraud proof (and for SPV client to receive and verify it)? I've heard some talks about this but I haven't seen a spec or known that any node currently broadcasts these.
I don't think it is quite fair to say that SPV clients don't exist when Satoshi only went so far to say "One strategy to
protect against this would be to accept alerts from network nodes when they detect an invalid
block". It certainly isn't clear at least from semantic point of view (not that we have to argue semantics) that receiving such alerts is a requirement for one to be called an SPV node but rather that SPV nodes without this will be vulnerable to certain attacks.
lite/SPV clients can (correct me if I'm wrong):
* download all block headers and make sure they form a blockchain
* validate that the headers meet the required difficulty
* get a merkle branch for a particular transaction in a block to prove that the transaction is in fact included in that block.
So it is not like they are doing absolutely nothing. Also some lite clients allow connecting to a trusted node that you can run yourself, which may be more secure than any fraud proof vaporware that Satoshi did not have ready (no offense to Satoshi, but really let's see it if it exists). 
@_date: 2016-08-06 12:16:22


**If you don't control your keys, you don't control your coins**. You are at the mercy of the rules of the exchange and the courts. You have no Bitcoins at this point, just a balance in a database. The exchange allowed withdrawals of what they considered ETH. They choose to follow the fork. 


I didn't say it wasn't a problem. I do think it is a problem. But exactly who it is a problem for is unclear. That is why I started this thread really. What people were hurt here? What would be a better way to handle this kind of situation? Understand the problems in detail instead just tossing around claims of insolvency, etc. 


You need to go back and read what I wrote. It is investors in Coinbase (as in VCs, etc), not depositors that lost the ETC in this hypothetical case. 
@_date: 2016-08-25 11:06:45
Absolutely. However, we have to give some credit to Coinbase's multi-sig vault. 
Coinbase holds 1 private key themselves and one that is encrypted with a user password (shared key). User holds 2 keys (the encrypted shared one and 3rd private key). 
So user in this case does control the majority of keys needed and can move their coins without Coinbase. In the case of the OP, the tool provided by Coinbase to do this is not working. But there is no threat to coins here and coins can be moved without using the tool if you know what to do (tool is open source).
I do have a security concern about Coinbase holding a private key (or seed) that is encrypted with a password. Can't they brute force this if they want?
@_date: 2016-08-16 21:38:19
When you are done trying to make fun of one side or the other, maybe actually trying to find a solution that works for everyone is better.
@_date: 2016-08-02 23:54:59
An internal persons machine could have been compromised, like in the ShapeShift hack. Any recent firings? Or departures from the company? 
I'm sure you guys know where to look, but just remember:  


@_date: 2016-08-05 23:57:34
I'm not really clear on the Coinbase losing money/ETH/ETC part. Maybe they didn't capitalize on trying to appropriate everyones ETC. I'm not sure that is bad.
Someone buys ETH (majority chain) on Coinbase, replay tx occurs so that same receiving address now has unspent ETH and unspent ETC. You tell coinbase to send you your ETH and they do, replay tx occurs and you get ETH + ETC.
Where did Coinbase lose money?
Same thing really for BTC-E. BTC-E may have signed transactions sending ETH and replay transaction occurs where essentially they also sent ETC. Ok, but whose ETC was it anyway? Did they lose ETC or did they send it appropriately? Should they have kept all the ETC for themselves? 
Main problem is the pricing and information on Exchanges probably didn't reflect the replay situation.
@_date: 2016-08-02 02:14:55
The point is to actually discuss implications of hardforks, attacks against either side, pricing models for each side, etc. Not to drop into that old *what is and isn't an altcoin thing* because we know where that leads (community division, hate on both sides, etc, etc).
@_date: 2016-08-17 12:43:45
What is the logic behind the BIP numbering? Why not just increment by 1 for each BIP assigned?
@_date: 2016-08-04 13:23:45
can you reply to the simple questions outlined above?
@_date: 2016-08-17 08:01:59
Thx. "TIL how to get accurate timestamps for comments/posts in reddit and github"
@_date: 2016-08-05 02:56:49
Thanks for the detailed reply I just wish it had come from *Verifying IP address:* I don't think we can assume that BitGo was doing this, but I'm not sure it matters all that much. Likely some of Bitfinex's computers were compromised, so source IP may have been legit (computers on same subnet can even spoof IP and sniff responses). But if IP address validation was used it would certainly tell us something about the sophistication of the attack and level of compromise of Bitfinex systems (it is one thing to intercept API credentials and yet another to get somebody's servers to make API calls at your request). Generally I think many systems use API credentials for login and if they want more protection then they use client side SSL certs (which would be compromised if the Bitfinex server was compromised).
I'd also be curious to know if BitGo ever broadcasts the transactions to the Bitcoin network themselves. For instance if they receive an API request to sign a transaction and the API request includes Bitfinex's signature, then does BitGo ever transmit, to the Bitcoin network, the completed Tx themselves with both sigs applied? This would make it possible to spoof an IP address from outside Bitfinex's networks, since the reply isn't needed. 
*Different keys:* I'd like to hear this validated by Bitfinex. I really am not sure we can assume they use different keys for everyone.


I'm not sure I trust Zane's analysis entirely at this point. I would tend to trust BitGo if they actually gave information about their server logs and when the API requests were made (and we don't even know for sure ANY API request were made at this point). On the Bitfinex side I'm not sure how Zane would know. Transactions on the bitcoin network have no timestamps.
**Edit**: Just finished reading some of the replies above (which I had missed before writing this) anyway still nothing really answered except that the possibility of API requests spread out over time seems definitely possible.
Also says that transactions were **FIRST** signed by Bitfinex then by BitGo, so WHO transmitted the transactions to Bitcoin network, BitGo or attacker/Bitfinex? 
@_date: 2016-08-05 23:21:21
That is good information. 
It would be great to hear from Bitfinex confirmation of some of this and how their wallet structure was laid out,etc. How many master keys were used, and so forth.
@_date: 2016-08-06 05:53:16
As I said before:


So don't give me shit about not thinking adversarially. I had already said what you just described. Exchange sent ETH and also signed over the ETC at the same time without realizing it. Yes this could have happened to real people (not just exchanges), so that would be bad, of course they may not have even been aware of ETC at all.


Yeah that was the exchange owning the ETH. Not a customer. People don't hold shit at exchanges (sadly) except for a balance in the exchange database. If exchange wasn't dealing in ETC then 0 ETC balance.
Should Coinbase have sold their ETC (properly without selling their ETH) and thrown a big party? Given their investors a big dividend (look we found a pile of cash)? Yeah I guess you can argue that. Maybe the investors can sue. Is that where this ends up? Investors sue Coinbase for incorrectly disposing of ETC that should have been distributed back to investors? On the other hand you could argue that Coinbase was supporting the price of ETH by not listing ETC at all. Anyway lawsuits all around I guess. Is that the real issue here?
I'm not denying that replay isn't an issue. But people saying "Coinbase has lost an unknown amount of funds" (Todd), doesn't exactly tell the whole story does it? The ETC they "lost" basically appeared out of thin air as well. Do we have anything else besides investors mad because of not capitalizing on suddenly found funds?
@_date: 2016-08-04 13:23:34
Well IP address spoofing can be done to some extent. Especially with large $ involved. But gives some protection if done correctly.
@_date: 2016-08-17 13:42:37
So as far as I understand it, this would not allow a lite-client  (like a mobile app) to successfully initiate this authentication to a full node unless the full node had the public-key of the lite-client listed in its "database". Is that right?
If correct (only gave BIP one read through), then I guess it is ok, but would require mobile apps for example to generate a new key pair and display or send the public key somewhere and then someone has to login to the full node, and copy/paste the public key into a file. Also of course the IP address of the full node and it's public key would have to be pasted into the mobile app. 
Why not have the option for 1 way trust (requester is sure that responder is who they say they are, but responder is willing to authenticate with anyone)? This would at least allow me to download a mobile app, paste in my node's info and be good.
@_date: 2016-04-13 13:02:25
I think we need to dive a level deeper here.
Lightning payment channels are essentially (AFIK) multisig 2of2 transactions on the blockchain. So yes if everyone is broadcasting at some point all their payment channel output addresses and identifying them with some common unique identifier, then a route can be found. Maybe that identifier is an IP address or maybe it is just some random GUID.
    BobUnique3439 channels: addr: 14F4F..., 339FE..., 930ACD... (these are truncated bitcoin addresses that are payment channel output addresses)
    MkeUnique9091 channels: addr: D93EE...,339FE..., 9300AEE...
    AmyUnique3939 channels: addr:  AACED...,ABC83...,D93EE... 
So here we can see that Amy has a route to Bob. She has channel D93EE with Mike who then has channel 339FE with Bob.
The downside of this is that everyone has to make it known what all their channels are and group them by some unique identifier. Certainly names like Amy and Bob don't have to be used, but still this seems like a privacy leak to me.
The above is just my guesswork about how payments could be routed. Hopefully smarter minds have found a way to preserve more privacy than the above technique.
@_date: 2016-08-19 02:21:58
Not a verified account on Twitter.
@_date: 2016-08-31 20:01:02
Well it does make old nodes not be able to validate that transactions are correctly signed (because there will be no sigs for segwit transactions that these old nodes can see). So I'm not sure if that qualifies as "harm" or not, I suppose that is a subjective thing.
Once SegWit is live and being used by lots of wallets the number of nodes that check signatures will likely be much smaller than it is today. So that could be a problem or open us up to certain forms of attack.
@_date: 2016-08-30 20:17:36
So the best exchange is one that takes 36% of all your money? 
If you want, you can send me 36% of the amount you want to deposit there, just to prove that you don't really care about this little 36% thing. 
Edit: because they still don't know how hack occurred or who did it (or they haven't announced this yet) so if it was an insider your money is still at risk. If their servers were vulnerable, then likely the new re-built server have same vulnerability. If some admin clicked on some malware/keylogger then it is probably still installed on their system.
@_date: 2016-04-18 01:30:39
Ok, but to know any of this, everyone has to announce their payment channel output addresses and identify them as belonging to the same entity. 
How does Amy know of the N1-&gt;N2 route? These have to be announced. N1 needs to identify channels belonging to them, where a channel is just an output address on the blockchain. N2 also needs to do this. They will announce the same address, thus the discovery is made. Otherwise how does Amy know about the channel between N1 and N2? So is that the kind of announcement that you are talking about? 
I really can't tell if we are on the same page here or not, seems like we are close. You mentioned announcing presence whereas I'm talking about announcing payment channel addresses. Can you explain how announcing presence will let me know if you have a payment channel open with another person (a person that controls a private key to sign transactions that are part of a payment channel)?
@_date: 2016-04-19 12:02:28


My proposal above was to broadcast the payment channel output address. You didn't really respond to that but you seem to propose a similar  thing (txId+output index). Not sure why we can't communicate here.
Generally we seem to be talking about the same thing but you keep using terms like "neighbors", which I take to mean lightning nodes that your lightning node is connected to (connected in the internet sense of the word). Also why would anyone have payment channels open with a pseudo random beacon node? Again, as I pointed out originally, there is some mix up here of the term "route"  in the internet connected sense and "route" as in the open payment channel sense.
Yes if everyone is broadcasting their payment channels to everyone else payment channel routes can be found between parties. This has the privacy implications that I also mentioned above but you didn't respond to.
I'm sorry to be so critical of your responses as you are obviously trying to help. Probably I am just misunderstanding most of what you are trying to say. Maybe we should just agree that we can't really communicate and move on :(
@_date: 2016-04-12 02:01:32
Wait, don't we need an open "channel route" though?
Channel route (my term) ==&gt; Amy wants to send Bob bitcoins, she doesn't have an open channel with Bob but has an open channel with another. A "Channel route" is needed to send Bob bitcoins by routing through Amy's open channel, then from that node to one of its open channels, and so on to Bob.
So how do we route to Bob? Unless Bob identifies all his open channels as "Bob's channel" (could be any unique identifier used for all his channels), and everyone else also has their channels marked as such, then I'm not sure how it is done.
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:55:29
Ok, not bad, he touched on most of the [talking points] ( /s. 
* mentioned BCH and other altcoins, fork-coins shitcoins -- check
* mentioned "batching" - check (but try to mention it 2 times)
* possible hat logo "NeverForget" (doesn't mention coinbase directly but  we will take it) -- check
* reference to segwit delays -- check
@_date: 2016-04-19 12:25:43
fantastic write up, worth the read.
@_date: 2018-01-13 15:20:27
I believe the correct url for their site is  but always verify links from reddit or social. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:58:37
I think "batching" just became a term in the last couple of months, when people finally started getting the message that fees are a bit out of control. Maybe if this had been promoted 2 years ago we wouldn't be facing this crisis now.
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:16:14
What software exists that would help them manage this better?
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:45:37
Actually, adoption of BCH has been rather robust I think, so usefulness is stronger than you may realize. Did you sell your BCH already?
@_date: 2018-01-13 13:24:59
Ledger nano S is about $96 or 79 Euros.
@_date: 2016-04-13 21:06:30


I think maybe you are talking at a higher level or assuming some greater base knowledge here of what has been discussed on lightning routing. I don't know what you mean by routes. I can't tell if you are talking internet routes, payment channel routes, or both at the same time. You didn't comment really on my proposal except to say that you explained one such mechanism. Not trying to be harsh here, just trying to understand.
I think my suggestion works, but has privacy issues. Is there a  proposal on the table that gets around these privacy issues? I didn't really see that in your suggestion and it was at too high a level to understand the low level details. Maybe give an example like mine.
@_date: 2018-01-10 14:56:05
Not sure if HD wallet is issue. You have a bunch of coins in one UTXO and you want to pay a lot of people then either one big transaction or lots of separate ones. Their software happens to be setup for separate ones and that probably was not an issue for many years. Having coins spread out in 100s of UTXOs may cause other problems (more inputs needed). Also if I recall fundrawtransaction in pre .15.0 code had some issues with address re-use.
edit: also, of course as block space starting coming scarcer this kind of thing could have been pushed more, mentioned in conferences, code added to core to simplify this process. Now suddenly there is backlog and fingers being pointed.
@_date: 2018-01-15 01:27:33
"robustness" what do you even mean? 
* Do you mean you don't think there is enough mining hash behind it? Then say that. 
It is currently 1/8th of core so maybe 1 year ago bitcoin had that hash rate, so hardly nothing. 
* Do you think there is a code flaw? Then report it or exploit it.
* Dev team.
Could definitely be stronger. I know of a few and one primary person. Probably bigger than we think.
* There are a lot of exchanges and wallets that support it, certainly a lot given its less than 6 month old inception. 
* not enough validating nodes? What is your count and what is enough?


Well I guess if you dismiss every coin on coinmarketcap except bitcoin, then yeah. There is only one legit crypto in your eyes so why argue.


Translation: you didn't own bitcoin before Aug 1.
Anyway look, I'm no Ver fan, but BCH is more than Ver.


Um you realize who was [there]( right?




Anyway if all you want to do is claim they are bullshit then there is no point in having a discussion. But then you are doing exactly the kind of propaganda you accuse the other side of.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:15:27
4mb is limit but unlikely for blocks to be this size. 1.7-1.9 is a decent range if 100% of people using segwit and blocks are full.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:51:12
What exactly was the problem here? I mean yes they had some leaks about BCH availability. Of course we all knew they would allow withdraws in this timeframe, we weren't sure if they would allow buying/selling but not too big a leap there.
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:22:54
Yeah this is actually the best idea. Although I could see how at a company there could be extra challenges (who keeps the pin code, where to put the backup of the mnemonic and who has access to that). Some people might use a multisig for this but not sure that really solves any problems.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:05:17
They said ["by Jan 1, 2018"]( not on Jan 1, 2018.
So you are just wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-16 14:24:54
Not much info there IMO. They did not address something everyone is trying to figure out, which is tax treatment on fork coins.
Lots of btc holders gained the ability to sell bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold coins in 2017. What are the tax implications of selling those? Are there tax implications just of moving those coins (I saw one article suggesting this).
Personally i was hoping to take Long term capital gains treatment for any sale of bitcoin cash or bitcoin gold where the original purchase of bitcoin was made 1 year or more prior to the sale. However some other people are going to be more conservative and treat this as a short term gain (even when the original coins were held &gt;1 year). Finally there are a few (like 2 people) that might treat bch and btg coins as ordinary income that is received at the point of time they took control of those coins.
What is your plan?
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:09:11
Yes, the transaction I sent on 12/19 at 375 sat/byte (non-segwit 94 sat/wu), confirmed on 12/23. So it took 3.5 days.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:18:57
Bitcoin cash may indeed need a 2nd layer for this kind of application (after all Visa could not handle what the OP proposed), or they may be the first to really activate side chain usage, and then one of those side chains can implement layer 2. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:52:27
Yeah why exactly are you leaving? They gave you your free Bitcoin Cash? Or do you not own any?
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:30:22


Um, you realize how many new people are signing up every week?


Have you looked at coinmarketcap.com recently? There are 100s of cryptos.


Very little evidence to support this that I've seen


Segwit was activated what mid/late August. Lots of exchanges have not implemented yet.


Maybe they didn't get the "here's the right way to bitcoin" manual.


@_date: 2017-12-20 21:01:45
Really? Did you try to transact during that period when it first "launched"? I just don't really understand (unless you were trying to buy/sell/withdraw BCH in the first hours possible) what the problem is exactly. Is trading working now? 
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:54:46
Then try to ignore drama. Core folks mad at Coinbase for letting people buy and sell BCH instead of just enabling withdraws. 
Like any large exchange they have their customer support issues. They also play by US rules so lots of restrictions on verifying people etc. They have been solid for me though, no problems there.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:36:38
Thanks for all the ad hominem attacks. Keep trolling man, you are getting a knack for it. Maybe a 6 out of 10 though so keep working at it. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:16:37
Because they didn't implement Segwit in a timely fashion?? Are you blaming them for the network congestion?
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:27:42
See Pieter Wuille's (core dev) answer [here]( about how long tx's can stay in the "mempool" (unconfirmed tx that has been broadcasted but not included in any block) and when they get kicked out.
Also note that: The originating wallet could issue a replacement tx if the wallet has that capability (especially effective if the originating wallet used the replace by fee flag for the original tx, but this is not very common).
Technically you still own the bitcoins in a transaction that is in the mempool, the bitcoins are only considered spent when they are included in a block (although some merchants may give you the goods for an unconfirmed tx). Because of lots activity right now and because block space is limited, transactions with low fees may sit for quite a while.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:55:23
You hope adding a new coin will make people stop using that exchange? Explain.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:49:44
Unless I'm mistaken Satoshi is no longer coding. So everyone is copying shit. If you want private code use a copyright and piss off.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:53:57
So you saw that roadmap? Where was it, I missed it.
Anyway, what was the big deal? you wanted to buy up BCH on another exchange just prior to Coinbase launch but you missed out? If they had put it in the roadmap then what about people not getting informed through that channel? 
I'm not saying they handled the rollout well, but I think people are just using this as an excuse to bash them.
They were definitely cagey as to whether they would add full support for BCH or just withdrawls , but that should have been an indicator that they hadn't made up their minds and anything could happen. I doubt any significant investors were deceived. As for customers, find me the ones complaining that their BCH shot up a ton. Find me one.
@_date: 2017-12-24 13:58:28
Interestingly today, most people using bitcoin do not run full nodes. I would estimate only 1% do. So is bitcoin already paypal? No. 
Is the goal to get every bitcoin user to in fact run a full node? I think that is a goal by some, and might be possible with small blocks and technical advance (I'm thinking mobile phones). But let's assume for a minute that this is not the goal. Then what % of bitcoin users running a full node is "acceptable"? If you can answer that then it could help determine what kind of blocksize increase (if any) might be acceptable (or to even know if segwit itself will cause bitcoin to become paypal because of the size increase it allowed).
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:25:10
yes but this is rather stupid unless they need to spend 250k immediately. Keeping some of the 250k at risk may not seem like standard business practice but is still a good idea in this case.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:31:20
Nothing like a little vote brigading to bring in the new year.
@_date: 2018-09-08 13:08:43
Well if it is a main hub then lots of channels are affected and some payments won't be routable. Also payments that are in the process of being routed through that hub could timeout, etc. I'm not sure what your any IP on the web solves.
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:25:51
Yeah once linked to an exchange you would have to use a mixing service to regain anonymity. Even then it isn't guaranteed. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:57:57
You had tons of time to move your coins off of Coinbase because of their lack of Segwit support. You choose to wait and move coins at a time of super high congestion and fees and then you shit on them. Maybe if Coinbase was 100% segwit then your fees would have been $25 instead of $32. Still large. 
Fees are high because everyone is trying to get into Bitcoin. How do they do that????? ON COINBASE (facepalm).
So if anything, blame them for providing an easy on ramp to your coin. If you want to keep people out, keep shitting on businesses trying to on board people.
@_date: 2018-09-22 10:09:51
For consensus critical code,there should be some mandatory extra review before merging and broad agreement that there was sufficient reason to make the change which should be documented in the pull request itself. Removing checks on transactions seems like an especially odd thing to do just to save a bit of time.
Granted, coders be coders, if it is supposed to be checked elsewhere, might as well remove it so it doesn't happen twice. I get that, but still, you need sufficient reason besides minor performance improvement. 
@_date: 2015-12-20 04:35:38
Well he did put "(soft reserved)" in there. Also the process for getting a BIP assigned is not well understood. Post something to bitcoin-dev mailing list? Contact gmaxwell via email? (I've seen both are required).  If Greg doesn't like the BIP does he not assign a number to it? I think there needs to be some more explanation around the process. Please clarify if you can.
Anyway, my reading is that miners would send soft block info to the network when they've solved the block at a lower difficulty than the network difficulty (similar to how some pools allocate shares). So that lower difficulty might be 1/10 of network, so then (I think) instead of 1 block every 10 minutes, you get 10. In the example he gave, you would get 64 soft blocks on average between real blocks (although I don't know if he was committing to an actual number here).
Soft blocks would only be about 24kb for 3000 txs, by using 8btye transaction hash, with a mechanism to correct for hash collisions in the mempool. So only 1.5mb for 64 blocks of this type. 
But truthfully I haven't parsed this enough to understand his mechanism of miners including in their softblock, a reference to antoher soft block. So more work on my part to understand here.
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:09:33
The point is that a ton of stuff is based off of Satoshi's original work even if it has been heavily modified. That was the real innovation. 
But if you think Satoshi is coding then show me where.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:43:42
There's no way you are sending 25-30 sat/byte these days. I sent 2 txs yesterday morning from my Copay wallet, one with fee of 380sat/byte the other at a lower 107sat/byte. Neither have confirmed yet (over 24 hours). Total fees for these 2 txs was ~$19.
Even if you are sending segwit txs with those fees they won't confirm unless the miner is preferentially picking them, not because of the fee/size issue but because they are trying to make a point or something.  Or maybe you are using tx accelerator (I tried that by the way, no luck).
Coinbase runs a big operation and while it would help a bit with fees/throughput to have segwit enabled I can see why this isn't their  priority. Remember it only activated what in August? It was looking for awhile it might never activate.
That's fine if you want to leave though because they haven't turned on Segwit. But OPs post was about some claimed money grab BS. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:41:22
That would be the Child Pays For Parent, approach. Which is an additional option. Not sure what issues this raises, but I know it has been discussed many times by devs.
@_date: 2015-12-19 23:15:40
Because soft blocks still have to satisfy some POW, the number of soft blocks transmitted between each real block would be limited. And soft block size is a fraction of the full block size. Only 8btye transaction ids are used(with a way to resolve hash collisions).
He gave one example where there would be 64 soft blocks (on average) between each real block. For a 30mb block being worked on (assuming block size increase), only 24kb (3000 txs *8bytes per tx) would need to be transmitted for the softblock. So that is only 24kb * 64 =1.5mb transmitted between block solvings, if I did that right (seems low, so check me). On top of this, nodes would have to request transactions they are missing in their mempool, I don't know how much that would add up to.
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:51:33
I think your argument is seriously flawed. You would take away overstock.com, eliminate every single point on coinmap.org, remove every single merchant customer of BitPay and Coinbase, turn to dust every startup working on bitcoin/blockchain ideas? 
People use currency because it is usable as a medium of exchange AND because it is a store of value, not just the latter. It won't work out for bitcoin if only some small group of people values it highly. That is called collecting.


The only reason you need to convert it into fiat is because you can't use it. When that problem changes, when everybody and their brother uses it, and it is pervasive for online purchases as well as brick and mortars, and business 2 business purchase, then there is no need to convert it.
Bitcoin will not reach a trillion with people just hoarding it and it is unable to be spent. Or even if it does, it is meaningless because it still won't be able to get used. It will be a collectable.
Stop basing bitcoin on its value in fiat. Use it.
@_date: 2015-12-22 11:53:29


This was sort of the point of my post :)
As to the exact exploits available, I'm not sure your summary captures everything. Isn't there some impact to wallets (using non upgraded nodes) receiving txs that they think are valid but might not be?
Some miners will lose money if they are mining using non-upgraded nodes. I think this happened over the summer with BIP66. Of course that is short lived, so maybe not a huge impact.
If non-mining full nodes don't really need to validate signatures at all, then we should all just save our CPU cycles and turn that off. Maybe that is where this is headed.
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:59:14
By my estimation, with Seg Wit deployed as a soft fork, 63% of nodes will think they are validating transactions, but will not be.
Hard fork also has problems, but I think "soft fork cures all" mentality is not so good.
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:47:39
Yes internet commerce is definitely better, although there are a bunch of solutions that let brick and mortar merchants use bitcoin without even knowing about it. I bought lunch the other day using menufy.com. I ordered online, paid with bitcoin, then went to pick it up.
If price stabilizes for a long time, then people may be more willing to part with their bitcoins for everyday things, but I'm not too sure. Why bother, as long as exchanges still exist you would just transfer back to fiat. I don't support this approach but I think this is what may happen if we keep thinking of bitcoin as too precious to spend.
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:50:53


BIP 1 process is a bit wordy and not that straight forward. Also, evidently there is no "system" that we can submit things to, just email and forums. This will continue to lead people to make up BIP  (pretty sure the BIP shown by the OP is not the first instance of this happening).  So instead of ignoring that we could try to improve either the documentation or the actual process itself.
Here are the BIP steps that I see from BIP 1:
* Write up ideas in BIP (could be in formal style or this can be deferred to step 4 below)
* post to bitcoin-development
* maybe post to [Developments &amp; Technical Discussion forum](
* If dev community thinks it has merit then write draft BIP in correct style and format
* Post draft BIP to bitcoin-development
resolve formatting issues and address feedback/concerns
* Send draft BIP to BIP Editor via email and to Bitcoin-dev list (presumably bitcoin-development again) 
* If editor approves, BIP number is assigned. Editor can refuse BIP # because of: duplication of effort, being technically unsound, not providing proper motivation or addressing backwards compatibility, or not in keeping with the Bitcoin philosophy.
Even in this simplified form (which is not in BIP 1) I think it needs some improvement. I think it was probably originally meant for people that already have some familiarity with the bitcoin-development mailing list, the forum, and/or the BIP Editor themselves. I'm not sure this "scales" well. Perhaps a new name needs to be given to "pre-BIP" proposals (before they are numbered), and a system to see all the comments, feedback on the proposal would be very good. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:56:48


The value of bitcoins is not decided by the exchanges themselves, but rather by the people using them, people place orders willing to buy or sell at certain prices. Initial deposits of bitcoin and withdrawals of bitcoin happen on chain. Yes there can be many off chain transactions in between. I would hope that exchanges offer an option to have all trades settled back to a bitcoin address you own rather than their system. They probably don't, but they could. This would help eliminate Mt. Gox type situations and people leaving "bitcoin" in their account for long periods.
@_date: 2015-12-17 13:30:37
Just keep in mind, that in some countries $.50 US is a decent amount of money. Just looking at Nicaragua for example, lunch from a simple food stall might cost 50 NIO, or $1.80 U.S., so spending 27% more ($2.30 vs $1.80) due to fees is not optimal.
@_date: 2015-12-17 13:21:07


Probably more like 2x transactions, but it depends on the type of transactions (multi-sig, p2pkh, etc)?
@_date: 2015-12-15 02:14:06
Is there any impact to nodes that have not upgraded recently.?
@_date: 2015-12-17 17:40:51


Dude, it's in the freaking side bar: **"Topics pertaining to scaling bitcoin must be posted in the stickied thread. Exceptions may be made for groundbreaking news."**
That is essentially a ban (or at least a severe restriction) on any scaling related discussions as it relegates these to a stickied thread with month old comments at the top, and doesn't let posts gain their own attention on a variety of topics.
Basically by the rules you cannot post anything related to any BIP that discusses changing the block size or really even lightning network or anything like that.
@_date: 2015-12-12 00:40:00


Your thought is that bitcoin's use case is not for buying stuff. If I'm a merchant or even a company like BitPay providing merchant services, that thought makes me want to shrivel and die. It is a non starter, dead zone. 


They don't have much incentive to take bitcoin because it cannot be used. Break the circle and lets make it usable. I want to grow this thing man.
Gold was used far beyond just a store of value. It was used in jewelry and other items widely. It became a medium of exchange as far back as 1500BC.  The fact that gold can be seen and displayed changes it entirely. By having it seen it becomes useful in showing people wealth. It is not trivial. Gold if it were invisible would not have fared so well.


Yes stability is important, but not crucial. If I were a merchant I would accept bitcoin and take a bit of risk. 


But gold has many uses. Therein lies the difference.
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:58:11
Do you think bitcoin's perception as "better" money, could actually hurt it in the end? 
Personally I am not in favor of the OPs position. Yes it is a good store of value and your points make this more clear, but in the end I feel that bitcoin has to be usable. 
By promoting store of value, and not medium of exchange I'm concerned that even as more people are brought into the bitcoin universe that they will be increasingly unwilling to spend bitcoin on anything. Even when bitcoin price stabilizes, I am worried that as long as fiat exists, people will prefer to use that instead. Why part with your bitcoins if you don't have to? Bitcoin's value will go up but usage day to day may not. Only when fiat has big problems, (huge inflation rates?), will there be pressure to switch.
To counter act this, I feel perhaps, it is time we need to also promote bitcoin as medium of exchange, and this means getting people to both spend and accept bitcoin in exchange for goods/services. The OPs post discourages my interest in starting any business relating to bitcoin (including anything to help merchants), because it seems to promote hoarding behavior. Thus all the items the OP lists as "not uses cases" today are things that I think are important, but may fail to start ever unless we find a way to move out of store of value only.
@_date: 2015-12-17 17:43:17
Maybe you've heard of something called M-Pesa which is going pretty strong in Kenya. Just an example. It is not bitcoin (and it has central control), but does let people pay each other using cell phones. 
Bitcoin adoption will stall if people keep thinking of it as too good to spend on everyday things. They just won't use it, except to trade back and forth to fiat when price swings in their favor.
@_date: 2015-12-16 03:56:28
Oh, misread, but maybe that should be the name :)
@_date: 2015-12-12 16:08:41


I assume you spend fiat on lots of things. You buy food, electricity, clothes, pay rent, mortgage, auto/transportation, yes some pleasure items too (vacations, golf clubs, toys, beer), etc. If you run a business you'll have other needs too like buying raw materials, inventory, paying wages, etc. So that is all I am talking about, everyday things that you need for your life or your business. If that is bullshit to you then, well no need to respond.
Let's look at something like Fiverr that lets you pay with bitcoin. If bitcoiners in general are unwilling to part with their coins and would rather just use fiat for everything, then why should other companies adopt Fiverr's approach? Imagine you run Uber, why build bitcoin into the system if no one is going to use it?
That is all I'm saying. When I hear the "buy and hold"/ "store of value" theme ringing it makes me want to build nothing to do with bitcoin. It does not inspire me or make me think of any future, except one with lots of people using bitcoin as a collectible. I'm hoping for a grander future.
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:31:37
Yeah I was going to ask, if anything actually hits the blockchain for this. Sorta crazy. But people like changetip and mostly those transactions don't hit the blockchain either. So whatever.
@_date: 2015-12-16 12:00:10


I am vastly overpaying then at about $40/month. Ouch. 
@_date: 2015-12-26 16:49:12


Are these prioritized/voted on anywhere? Couldn't find it, except by reviewing comments.
@_date: 2015-12-22 01:46:19


Well was just looking at the % of nodes that are running the latest version of bitcoin core. Based on how many are at 11.2 in the lists here:  I got like 1930 nodes running 11.2, out of 5217 so that is 37%. So 63% not running the latest. Assuming about this same percentage persists after then next core update, we end up with 63% not handling the segregated witness data.
Now of course with a softfork, nodes are still "validating" but what they validate and the way they do it can be different than updated nodes.
My understanding (and I'm no expert on seg wit) is that with Seg Wit, non updated nodes won't be checking signatures on transaction inputs the same way as updated nodes will be. 
@_date: 2015-12-14 12:38:09
Hmm, distracted driving at 8 seconds into the video, maybe not the best choice.
@_date: 2015-12-12 01:18:38


What, huh? I was expressing confusion that people are drawn to "bitcoin" systems that don't actually transact in bitcoin. It seems odd to me and I am at a loss to explain it fully. I think that changetip is on the whole good for the eco-system but would be far better if transactions hit the blockchain. I don't know much about Shift yet and you mentioned that bitcoin is not transacted for this either. 
I thought I was identifying with, and supporting what you said, but perhaps you were just giving information without any judgement, which is fine too. 
I am confused why you lashed out at my "whatever". I care deeply about bitcoin, and run a full node.
@_date: 2018-09-07 22:49:48
Shouldn't we know what the effect would be? Slush should just pull the plug suddenly and see what happens. Could help dispel FUD that LN is vulnerable to this sort of thing, or it might show what needs to be improved.
@_date: 2015-12-12 00:10:45


Wikipedia entry starts like "When a **government** overvalues...". Done and done. We are not dealing with a government here. This applies to fiat and not in this situation. Then "...in circulation which are **required by legal-tender** laws to be accepted..". Again it doesn't fit.
People want and need things that are usable. Don't get me wrong, the price of bitcoin going up, relative to fiat, definitely and without a doubt drives people into bitcoin. But everyone that hears about it tries to find out what they can do with it. Nothing. So yes, great for speculation if you want to play that game, some people will join in. Media attention is great. 
Time to make it useful or it is just us. Just us redditors, nerds, hackers. Time to grow baby.
@_date: 2015-12-09 03:31:59
I actually watched most of this video a few weeks ago, but at the time I was thinking NS is SN. So wasn't focused on the big guy on the screen :)
@_date: 2015-12-22 10:52:14


Well that is not really validating is it? I mean **if you can't tell valid from invalid**, then why would you call that validation? I mean really!!
My statement : "nodes will think they are validating transactions, but will not be." is probably the best way to put it, with the obvious caveat that if they get txs from other non-updated nodes that those will still be validated in the usual way.
Merchants using non updated nodes can be impacted, miners running non-updated nodes will be impacted. I think probably users running bitcoin core as a wallet could also be impacted.
@_date: 2015-12-01 00:56:35


Hmmmm. RBF certainly makes double spends easier. That is its entire purpose really (otherwise why put it in the code at all, why bother if it is already working?). Double spending today is possible but not as easy as RBF will make it. Maybe double spending today is easy for you as a core dev with years of experience. Now everyone can just flip a switch on their wallet to make it happen.
So if double spending is easier, then unprepared wallets/merchant software will easily be scammed. I think denying this is fairly absurd. Now will wallets / merchant tools upgrade in time? Probably. So in the end the result may not be that bad for the majority. Their will be some minority of merchants and regular joes that get ripped off by this. Yes they shouldn't be accepting 0-conf, yadda, yadda.
@_date: 2015-12-09 03:40:05
When asked what he's been doing with the supercomputer: "We've been modeling bitcoin scalability and everything like that for a number of years now", then I think something like "the related paper is coming next year".
@_date: 2015-12-01 23:24:54
I'm confused :"Topics pertaining to scaling bitcoin must be posted in the stickied thread. Exceptions may be made for groundbreaking news." (a scheduled conference is not ground breaking). Sorry, just sayin. Don't like it myself. But why the exception here?
@_date: 2015-12-12 08:48:07
Probably 100% of all "first time" wallets, right? I mean someone is new to bitcoin or is an old hat trying a new wallet. They download the wallet and then there is some initial funding transaction where bitcoin is sent to that wallet's first bitcoin address. 
Now the wallet has only one UTXO to work with, so only 1 input can be used to send a transaction until that wallet receives more bitcoin to a different address.
I wonder if it is also likely that for the new users, they might be more likely to send some very small transaction as a test. Maybe this has a greater chance of getting stuck, and then all of their bitcoins are in limbo because the only thing they have left is the change output from that first test. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:44:55
Why blame others? Price fluctuations happen, get used to it. Don't blame others for thinking the price will go up on their "thing", make an informed decision and if you choose wrongly it is your fault alone.
Crypto markets are full of both real believers and pump and dumpers. So take every glossy future and every FUD with a grain of salt and you will be better off.
@_date: 2015-12-21 00:33:52
The answer is YES. 
But the caveat is, do you have any clue?
Look, you have some bitcoins in your Mycelium wallet, obviously, since you want to transfer them somewhere. Maybe you have never actually SPENT any bitcoins. This is a bit sad, but a topic for another thread.
Yes, you are spending bitcoins to yourself, in other words transferring bitcoins from your unspent transaction output(s) to some other bitcoin address that you hold the the private key for.
So yes, that is how you move bitcoins. Scan the QR and send the coins. It is fine as long as you have the private key for the address being sent to.
Sorry  if that sounds harsh, Saturday night and all.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:44:00
People that are anti-Bitcoin Cash because they see it as an attack on Bitcoin brand and popularity are pissed that Coinbase not only added withdrawals for BCH but also buying on GDAX. Add to that a bad "release" and a few hints of insider trading (like that never happens) and you have a great excuse to create drama and spin.
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:28:03
Oh, god not this again. I just don't get this whole sentiment, like: "Well in this decade don't expect bitcoin to do anything at all", and it usually goes with "you are such a noob if you think we should be spending bitcoin on anything".
I really would like to build a business involving bitcoin, but it is just not worth it if people aren't willing to use bitcoin as a medium of exchange. I keep seeing posts like this and it depresses the hell out of me. You might as well trade baseball cards or stamps if you want or store of value. Anything rare and coveted can be a store of value. 
What decade are we waiting for? So I have to wait till 2018 (cause white paper came out in 2008)? WTF that is crazy shit. After all it is going on 2016. So even by this arbitrary "wait a decade" approach we should be nearing the time to actually use bitcoin for something.
Not buying stuff? Just bought lunch today using bitcoin. Bought a tee shirt the other week. Would love to buy more things, but posts like this stop the spread, prevent merchants from adopting, convince people that it is just a speculative activity. 
Bottom line, "Store of Value" decade is over. We have it, it is good. Time to build the future and grow the user base. Get merchants online and off to accept bitcoin. Once adoption starts to spread, people buying stuff with bitcoin does not lead to instant conversion back to fiat, rather it stays as bitcoin, not because it is a store of value only, but because it can actually be used. This in turn reenforces the store of value that it had previously. 
Medium of exchange, and beyond is the future, and I'm tired of waiting.
 
@_date: 2015-12-16 03:37:29


How'd they decide who's name would come first?
@_date: 2018-05-26 13:16:49
They didn't really "correct" but they did confirm and offer a protocol improvement as far as I can tell. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:30:34
\&gt; as far as I know, the number of orphan blocks is not present in the difficulty adjustment formula.
I wasn't implying they used it for difficulty, just that GHOST is a mechanism that has rules for evaluating chains with uncles/orphans, so it is probably similar to what we would want. GHOST describes what is a legal uncle, but perhaps this would need tweaking for our scenario.
I don't think just # of orphans is enough. I would think a node getting a block would want to know that the correct orphans are referenced. So each block should include a list of orphans and a hash of that list \(or merkle root for it\) in the block header or something to that effect. This is what Ethereum does. For ease of use you could include the orphan count in the header as well even though it is not necessary if you have the list of orphans in the block.
When receiving a block each node would validate that the referenced orphan blocks exist and are valid and they would have to retrieve them from peers if they did not have them already.
This way nodes are 100&amp; in consensus at all times and when it is time to recalculate difficulty not only will the counts all match up across nodes, but all nodes will  be counting the exact same set of blocks.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:05:38
The numbers like "19981101" are in fact references to the citations  in the white paper.
* 19981101 is for the b-money citation  because that came out in November 1998
* 199905 is for citation  which came out in May 1995. 
* 20020801 for citation  (hashcash)
* And so on.
I don't know if these have any special meaning for the prize hunt or not.
@_date: 2018-05-01 03:10:26
I think you have a 50 - 50 chance of being right :|
@_date: 2018-05-01 03:08:20
Well I think the key is, what damage occurred because of the (alleged) fraud? Because if it is just people that bought wrong coin, well were is the damage? Just trade your coins. Prices move pretty much together. No money lost. An no money lost, means nothing to sue over (pain and suffering?)
So if no damages from coin loss (sent to wrong wallet maybe?) then it is likely frivolous and just meant to harass. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:38:09
The notdef also covers "257". Which is weird because I don't find 257 in the whitepaper. Also if you zoom in to the 257 it looks like there is orange color around the edges, I don't see this in other text on the page. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:49:51
2002-08-01 is when hashcash pdf was published.  5 years after orignal hashcash announcement.
198004 is for citation  in the whitepaper. April 1980 
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:47:58
Hmm, ok, but you can't make any money with a $200 rig can you? Get her to help out so you can buy a $45,000 rig !!!!
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:20:57


Maybe say more about this. Seems like a massive gaping security hole the way you've described it. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 11:59:02
Right so I think you can see the need for a more exact proposal of how miners can commit to orphans. It would have to be something similar to the simplified ghost protocol shown above, but with some parameter adjustments for k probably and perhaps changing "direct child" as well, and modifying the incentive I think.
Once we have a more concrete proposal it would be possible to see \(via math or simulation\) if it has any new exploitable properties.
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:05:29
2 words is not enough IMO. This is the root of the problem. Do more words or instead of typing them in, have them pick from a list, etc. Figure something out. I agree usability is important for new users, but sometimes people end up with significant value on mobile wallets. 2 words seems really minimal to me.
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:34:33


I'm new to Gresham's law, but it sounds sorta like this: Given a choice of spending a $10 coin with 20% silver in it, or a $10 coin with 5% silver in it, people will spend the 5% silver coin much more often. Thus the debased currency quickly moves into circulation, and the "better" coins are hoarded (and/or sometimes melted down and sold for their silver content).
So I'm not sure that applies to bitcoin exactly, but let me try. For the bitcoin enthusiast, I guess we could say that they value $10 worth of bitcoin (at current exchange rates) more than $10 worth of fiat. Thus they prefer to trade with fiat instead of bitcoin. Yes I think there is some truth to that (although I find it a bit odd), and if that is what you were implying then I'm sorry I jumped on it. However, it is very different from the standard Gresham's law.
Can this hoarding behavior eventually turn around and become more like, Thier's law (reverse of Gresham)? No, because of the existence of legal tender laws (well let's assume those stay around for a while), spenders of bitcoin will still prefer to use fiat because fiat is still accepted by merchants and spenders still want to hold their bitcoin.
However, these 'laws' do highlight something important. A high perceived value of a coin, will gladly be accepted by merchants, so as bitcoin rises in perceived value (and real value as far as exchange rates go), they will open up to it more. But sadly, I think the perception of bitcoin as "good" money as you point out by Gresham analogy, does not lead it to actually be used even if it is gladly accepted everywhere. 
This is why I argue that people should be spending their bitcoins now, and not just holding them. Keeping bitcoin as "good money" may help drive it's price up and bring more adoption by merchants and others, but ultimately this may fail if no real spending is going on. Those new adopters will find few people willing to part with their coins.
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:24:48


What password did you use on your first email account? Remember it still? 
@_date: 2018-05-30 00:57:12
I think it is good you provided a formal proof. Maybe it will convince some people that have been SM deniers that the math does work out after difficulty adjustment. Some however are still getting stuck on the first half of your paper and ignoring the part with difficulty adjustment.
As for the new difficulty adjustment you proposed I agree that accounting for orphans is a good strategy, however, how to do it? Likely something very close to Ethereum's Ghost protocol is needed. New blocks can commit to orphans/uncles if they are within a certain distance from the new block. Selfish miners will of course leave out uncle commitments, so this is still an issue, but perhaps not too bad if the distance is large enough such that honest miners can still reference older orphans when they do get an included block.
From [Eth white paper]( 
* A block must specify a parent, and it must specify 0 or more uncles
* An uncle included in block B must have the following properties:
* It must be a direct child of the k-th generation ancestor of B, where 2 &lt;= k &lt;= 7.
* It cannot be an ancestor of B
* An uncle must be a valid block header, but does not need to be a previously verified or even valid block
* An uncle must be different from all uncles included in previous blocks and all other uncles included in the same block (non-double-inclusion)
* For every uncle U in block B, the miner of B gets an additional 3.125% added to its coinbase reward and the miner of U gets 93.75% of a standard coinbase reward.
But perhaps the last point needs to be tweaked. 
So that might work. Do you have any plans to do a more thorough write up on the new difficulty proposal? 
@_date: 2018-05-30 11:08:04
Even though this user seems like an ass, I will say that if the wallet doesn't make you confirm your seed, then it will always lead to problems like this. Maybe BRD should consider the UX and see if there is something that can be improved to avoid issues like this.
@_date: 2018-05-20 16:27:25
yes he did and that is even a "clue" word ="code easily, attack early"
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:48:38
Why does everyone assume you'll remember your passphrase? You could get injured (concussion, etc), get killed (think of your heirs), or you could develop some other problem (alzheimers, etc.), or just forget in a few years ( I mean really, 5-10 years from now are you 100% sure you'll know that phrase you are not using ever)?
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:42:26
They say:
"Your $1,000 of Bitcoin today will be worth $1,000 today, tomorrow, next month, and next year"
But it should be:
"You're 2.0 BTC today will be worth 1.8 BTC tomorrow, 1.0 BTC next month and 0.01 BTC next year" 
@_date: 2014-07-18 02:15:51
No, this proposed law is really bad stuff for bitcoin. Really, really bad.
Basically the law amounts to saying you can't create a service (without jumping through ridiculous hoops) that lets people store data, unless (perhaps, and depending on how you read the law) you build it such that your company cannot recover that data themselves. 
So it restricts how data can be stored and retrieved. It regulates data.
While definitely, for bitcoin it is often bad to let someone have access to your private keys, there are many cases where you might want a trusted company to be able to do this. Coinbase is one example, and while I don't necessarily love their model, they do represent probably the most legitimate and most used (by large merchants) bitcoin service. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:49:15
Right, wasn't saying the merchant had to do it themselves. Bitpay and anyone else guaranteeing transactions is probably doing what I mentioned behind the scenes (running nodes listening for double spends). So it is probably being done.
But I would like to see this done in all bitcoin nodes. Some double spend reporting mechanism. Then even regular wallets could detect double spends without signing up with Bitpay or other service provider. 
Edit: see 
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:22:24


Wouldn't it be fairly trivial for the owners of BITADDRESS.ORG to simply deliver a different web page (say every 100 requests or so) that instead of creating a random set of keys creates non random ones that they would have access to (maybe use a deterministic phrase in the source code, they store that phrase in their db and thus can regenerate any keys you use)?
@_date: 2018-05-02 03:19:18
if you have a mac then you might be able to open a terminal window and type


Where "someFile.txt" is a file on your computer. Anyway that gives you an output like 97666fccb9c7117fdc549a60a747ce01085cbd39f596503fe749c59870429ed7
Now try changing something in someFile.txt (add a letter or space or carriage return) and then re-run the command. You'll get a completely new output.
Now keep doing that till you get an output that starts with a bunch of 0s like 0000000000000000000e3d92186b347a2fa05bd0c969ec6906a26cf383eb3fef
That is basically what bitcoin mining is, except that miners do a double sha256, they do it billions of times a second, and instead of someFile.txt they use a block header which contains:
* a version number
* the previous block header hash (every block points to the previous block, a "blockchain")
* a merkle root hash (this is where the transactions come into play)
* a timestamp (and it can't be too far in the past or in the future)
* nBits (the target or roughly, kinda sorta, how many leading 0s are required)
* a nonce ( a number miners increment just to change the outcome of the hash just like you added something to someFile.txt to change it)
Anyway that gives you some idea of what is going on. The merkle root hash field is itself made up of hashes of transactions. So each blockheader is specific to the set of transactions that will go into the block.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:01:13
the other words have a lesser orange "glow" than 257 does. Zoom into to the 2 for example and look at the bottom of the 2. A clear orange line. 
If indeed 257 is a clue or starting point,etc, then this may be an unintentional artifact. The creator may have made the entire image, then added clues or other items that are part of the hidden btc. So he tries to reproduce the new text the same way as the old text but it is not exact. Or he purposely added an "extra bit" of orange to 256+1.
as noticed the GB in 12GB also has this effect. Might be nothing might be something.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:10:04
12,915 lines of code. Sort of a lot. 
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:21:01
I can't believe I'M actually explaining this.
Look I agree that bitcoin has to grow (a lot) to be more useful to most businesses, but that doesn't mean all businesses should ignore it. If a small merchant can make a few extra bucks each month and also attract some different clientele, then that could be worth it.
I was in Europe recently and spent some time searching for places to spend Bitcoins there. Didn't find much. But if I did, those merchants would have not only made some sales, but also probably would have gotten mentioned in social media posts by me, tripadvisor mentions, etc, and thus attracted potentially more business.
Say you are a small coffee shop in a big city. You're competing against a lot of other places. But Starbucks doesn't accept Bitcoin and you do. So even that small trickle of Bitcoiners that seeks out your coffee shop, might be enough to get something going. Not really much of a risk for you (well ignoring IRS tax issues and such). Might just take a few hours to setup. All of a sudden your shop becomes a hangout for startups and other entrepreneurs. Not saying it's likely. Just low risk and easy.
When the internet started, only a handful of computers where accessible. So it has to start somewhere. What was the incentive then to setup a web page and make it available? There wasn't much, but it was cheap and low risk and had some media attention and growing. Same thing here.
@_date: 2014-06-19 20:55:39
I'm mostly thinking about brick and mortar stores (like you mention, getting a PS4 at BestBuy or someplace), not the Overstocks of the world.
Anyway what are these "various ways" you speak of?
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:27:33


I don't have many specifics, but I do know this. Coinbase doesn't really keep your bitcoins in a wallet specific to you. They sweep your bitcoins to their cold storage wallets generally. Those wallets are shared by all their users but Coinbase keeps track of who owns what using internal accounting. When they say "off chain transactions" they are probably just adjusting their internal ledger, debiting your account and crediting another.
When you send bitcoins from Coinbase in an "on chain" transaction, Coinbase will first have to send your wallet some bitcoins from their Hot wallets, then they do a second transaction from your wallet to the receiving party. It's all pretty weird if you ask me, but seems to be working for them.
@_date: 2014-06-13 23:26:05


Umm, does that translate as "the other half, we keep for ourselves"? I mean basically if each share represents 15GH/s, but I only get half the profits, then really each share sorta represents 7.5 GH/s right? Anyway about 233 days to break even for one share, by my calcs at current rates. EDIT: Actually not sure if the mining calculators I'm using properly adjust difficulty over time, so double checking that.
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:33:01


Details? Can you name one instance when you tried to send bitcoins from your coinbase wallet and the transaction was not broadcast immediately?
Or are you just pointing out a hypothetical? Not saying Coinbase is perfect or even good. But some details are needed to make accusations of held up transactions.
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:03:00


Yeah, well duh, but I mean then you have to get rid of the private key part (since you may not want the extra copy of that). So you have to rip it up, shred, put into multiple waste baskets, etc. So it just makes the whole process pretty silly. Instead of printing one piece of paper, cutting one part off, putting the remaining part in a safe.
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:20:41
Maybe we need to think about incentives for running a full node? With an $8billion market cap controlled by a network of &lt;8000 nodes, it's a real problem. 
What proposals have been made to encourage people to run full nodes? 
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:41:09


So maybe you mean this: the instant_signature is a signature applied to the serialized transaction hashes in the payment message using the x509 private key of the 3rd party (trusted instant service provider) who's public key is listed in the provided x509 cert in instant_pki_data field. It allows the merchant to verify that it was indeed the trusted 3rd party who took part in these transactions (for example they may have provided one of the signatures in a multi-sig transaction). 
However, if that is the case I don't understand how the 3rd party, say greenaddress.it can provide a signature on a transaction hash when they won't have the full transaction yet (because wallet will typically send greenadress.it a 2of2 transaction without their own signature, greenaddress.it will apply their signature, then wallet will apply theirs. So in this how can greenaddress.it apply a x509 signature to the entire transaction hash when they don't have the entire transaction?
*Again*, (respectfully) I request a sequence diagram like we have in BIP 70 so as to eliminate the confusion I'm having.


Well, we should leave that discussion for another thread, but just to clarify, I don't think petertodd's post speaks to what I was suggesting, a set of geo distributed nodes that are specifically looking for double spend transactions within a certain window.
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:08:25
We agree that the extra orange may be due to later addition, and that 257 is significant, but you dismiss the attempt to see if other words have this effect because they too were added later as part of clues, etc. OP may have made the same "mistake" elsewhere. So I don't really see why that is laughable.
@_date: 2014-07-28 19:09:30
You know if they were a smaller company and didn't have any backing and weren't making much money I wouldn't care. But for one of the premiere companies in the Bitcoin ecosystem, to have basic problems like this, well it's disturbing.
Also, I found their customer support not very helpful. I mean I submitted something through their web page and their like "ok, well file a bug report". So I did that once, then found another bug,  filled out another web form (which looked like a bug report) only to receive another email saying to file a bug report.
Also, I should mention that after the first release of the Android app, numerous people including me were locked out of the wallet app because it couldn't validate the PIN. So they had to release an update for that, which thankfully fixed the problem, but it shouldn't have happened in the first place.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:34:50
25 second advert, couldn't wait. But honestly I watch squawkbox on CNBC most mornings and pretty much every single day Bitcoin comes up. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:23:03
So says the "Serious Bitcoiner" ;)
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:48:08
I like your proposal. If I understand correctly (and sorry if I'm being dopey about this) this will allow merchants to take instant payments from customers using multiple different 2of2 multisig trusted providers. Right?
So customer might use **newGreen.it** as their 3rd party, and merchant will accept instant payments from greenaddress.it, **newGreen.it**, myGreen.it, payNow.it, etc.
So as long as we have one in common, my wallet can then handle the rest (I guess signing the transaction, sending it off to newGreen.it, who then signs the 2-of-2 and sends on to merchant and to network).
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:59:48
Can't we get closer to robust 0-confirmation transactions by running some specialized nodes to detect and report attempted double spends? Why isn't anyone doing this? Merchants could allow zero conf transactions if they don't get a report of a double spend from their node network.
In other words it has been suggested (by others, not me) to run a set of geographically distributed bitcoin nodes that, if they receive a 2nd transaction trying to spend the same outputs as a previous one (within some time window) that they will report these ( through some non bitcoin mechanism).
Why wouldn't this work? Nodes get a tx, and if a second tx for those outputs comes through in say 10 seconds, then they report those. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:52:22
I'm not buying this "it's impossible" thesis. I reviewed [this skeptical article]( directly attacking the founder Boyan Slat and his project. 
But that negative article wasn't really long on facts or science and the guy admits he's jealous of the attention Slat is getting.  While Stiv Wilson (author of the skeptical piece) is right that this is a massive problem and also right that the real solution to pollution is not cleaning the oceans, but reducing usage of plastics like this throughout the world, it doesn't mean we should abandon hope of cleaning things up.
I don't know if theoceancleanup.com has the right approach or not, my guess is that they will not solve the problem at all in this phase, but may learn a lot about different approaches to clean up. Most likely this knowledge will help future efforts and may give insights to cleaning other types of ocean spills (oil, etc). Unless it can positively be shown that they are wasting their time, we should fund them and advance our knowledge of ocean cleanup. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 18:52:22
Why do most paper wallets have only one copy of the public key image/code? 
What they should have-&gt;2 copies of the public key, one that I can literally cut off and the other that stays with the private key and goes into a "safe". That way I can carry my public keys in my regular wallet without risking theft. I can hand out a public key to anyone that needs to send me money. 
Most of these paper wallets are made as if I should 'fold' them over, and only display the public key. That just seems so odd to me. Paper wallets belong in a safe or safety deposit box, otherwise what is the point?
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:48:21
Cool. I was just in London and Paris and was looking for places that took bitcoin. Only thing I found near us in London was a tee shirt shop, but I would have liked a restaurant or bar or something. Tried using coinmap.org a bit, but when trying to conserve bandwidth it is not the best.
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:42:33


Pretty sure that their goal is not to clean the entire amount of plastic in the ocean with $2 million dollars, right? I don't think that is their mission, nor what they plan to achieve with this effort. 
Now perhaps they want to prove that their approach works and can be scaled up. The $2 million might in fact do that, right. Or are you in the "it cannot be done" group?
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:52:05


Well point taken, but still, if they decided to be evil they could commit some changes to that github repository. Might be detected by people, might not be. Depends how obscure they wrote their code. Maybe commit some evil changes, wait a few days, commit some changes to revert to non-evil code.
I think the problem is that the source code is a bit long (it is 10k lines after all) and I'm really not sure how actively the community monitors this stuff. I mean once people/organizations get some trust (and not saying they don't deserve it), then it becomes pretty easy to exploit that trust. 
I'd like to see some even simpler source code that is much easier for the community to verify/monitor. Is their code as simple as it can be?
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:25:26


Yeah, so basically what I said. Allows merchants to send a list of instant pay providers that they accept and for a wallet to then act on that if they are (or use) one of those providers.
I understand multi-sig and all that. Just need more details on their extension. I don't think they really gave a simple use-case scenario. Look at the language in their BIP : "...allows trusted third parties to provide **instant** transaction confirmation functionality to other third parties that are willing to trust the **instantness** provided by the **instant** confirmation provider."
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:12:33
Yeah, ok, so if there is a "run on the bank" then transactions might get held up for a while. Maybe that's not such a bad protection. Has it ever happened to them??
It wouldn't be that hard for them to set various alert levels to get notified when hot wallets are running low so they should have time to open up those vaults and replenish under most circumstances. Yes under extreme situations, then there could be a hold up.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:53:14
But it might be fairly easy for someone to 'take over' the bitcoin network by either convincing people running full nodes to switch to a different client, or by launching a few thousand nodes themselves. 
Like maybe I could offer everyone running a full node $100/month to switch to this other client. There are &lt;8k full nodes connected today. Sounds ridiculous, but it's an $8 billion market cap controlled by &lt;8k nodes. 
These nodes need not be miners. The goal could be to control the network, not the hash (like GHash).
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:30:15
So you are using the coinbase mobile app and trying to send a 'request' to someone else right? Or are you using the Coinbase website? 
Not sure about coinbase mobile. On both Mycellium and Bitcoin (Andreas Schildbach) Android mobile wallets you can copy your bitcoin address to the clipboard and also paste from the clipboard an address sent via email. 
What would be better (and maybe one of these can do this already) would be if you could send a request via text message and the other persons mobile wallet would intercept the message and put up a notification that you could tap and bring your right into the app.
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:07:00
Let's hope it is better than their Android app which is full of bugs, including sending transactions for zero fee when I didn't specify that and other UI issues, like not even showing the "Send" button if you do things in the wrong order.
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:16:45


"By default, P2Pool receives 1% to fund P2Pool's development. This fee is optional, but very welcome and useful." 
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:26:02
I emailed them and they **responded**: 
"Thank you for your interest in The Ocean Cleanup.
We have indeed considered Bitcoin before, but it has been decided to not use it for the current campaign.. Perhaps in the future we can incorporate Bitcoin. Thanks a lot for your suggestion and offer to help out!"
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:14:17
Consider posting the transaction details so we can review (not that it would have the time of when you submitted to Coinbase, but it's something). 
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:36:29
Wasn't saying I didn't trust, but really didn't understand what "..the other half is used for reinvestments (bulk orders / good deals)." meant. Reinvestment on my behalf, (meaning I get a share of whatever the $ are spent on), is potentially good, reinvestment meaning the company just takes those $ and re-invests to buy more hardware and issue more shares to others, is bad (my % stake goes down).
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:53:56


How does that even make sense? Transaction fees are so small that even an entire days transaction fees are only 10 BTC spread across about 144 blocks or .07 BTC per block, maybe $42 USD, compared to the 25 BTC block reward ($15000 USD).
So I guess I can see if a mining pool is collecting these fees, that over the course of a year, that money adds up to, well something, but it is still not a lot compared to their overall revenue.
So yes, their software may mindlessly ignore 0 transaction fees or de-priortize them, but it really makes no sense. They are better off saving the .0001 seconds it takes to ignore that transaction by just including it.
@_date: 2017-02-23 01:40:39
Yeah I just don't think we currently have a way to measure how decentralized we are or even what degree of decentralization is optimal.
So that can be applied to nodes, mining, developers, etc. Maybe we actually need to come up with a metric instead of holding our fingers in the air.
@_date: 2017-02-27 13:51:01


Hmm but couldn't malicious actors re-broadcast that tx once chain B is at block 10? If you haven't done your second spend at that time then the malicious re-broadcast will work. And for instance those malicious actors might be the same ones you sent your A transaction to. They want to double their money.
So of course you can prevent this by making that second tx in time to spend the B coins, but that's a pretty important point, you can't just wait till you're ready.
@_date: 2017-02-24 02:28:01
Bitcoin has a consensus mechanism defined by code and protocol, but the rest of the world functions a bit differently.
Defining terms and getting a "human consensus" around those is the first step towards civilization really. Mathematics, physics and other sciences all use terms which are well defined and accepted. Not 100% of people have to agree and certainly there are "fuzzy" terms as well (maybe "climate change"). Still, even the fuzzy terms are a lot better than not even trying, and it is fine to establish definitions and revisit those as new information or better definitions come into being.
If we have no well defined meaning of "decentralization" then it will be hard to have rational discussions about it. I may say bitcoin is perfectly decentralized, and you may disagree and we have no way to reconcile.
You presented a few well known diagrams that everyone that has been around the bitcoin space has seen many times over, but you added nothing new to it. The "decentralized" network in that diagram can be broken up very effectively by removing a single node, is that what we want? So I submit that just pointing to diagrams and saying "see that is decentralized" does not even work.
So I'm attempting to get you to look beyond what you've seen other people point to and actually think about the problem. Getting some better definition around decentralization and what we mean by that would help us move forward.
@_date: 2017-02-04 22:22:58
Did ETC do anything about all those other bugs that ETH hardforked over? Weren't there like 2-3 hardforks after DAO HF? If ETC is to survive how will they deal with those issues?
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:58:24
Ok, that's 3 insults now (at least).
I'm not sure what your problem is exactly. You think that everyone who wants bitcoin to be actually useful for something other than holding is somehow deluded or something? 
Why the anger? Did you mother or father not treat you right? Why take it out on other bitcoiners who just want the platform to succeed but possibly have slightly different viewpoints than you?


Maybe you are new here? I know I'm not. Well aware of the "plans". 
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:15:15


Lawyers are bad when they are working for other people, against you. Otherwise they can be pretty great.
@_date: 2017-02-22 23:01:51
Get real, and measure the decentralization in each diagram at least. Then get everyone to agree on that approach. Then measure the decentralization using that approach for the current bitcoin network and then you can start making estimates of how something like BU would affect that.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:48:04


I'm not really up on these details of BU. Can you explain or link to something?
Is this different than what would happen in bitcoin if majority of miners went back to pre-p2sh software? Can't they then use the anyone-can-spend outputs? Or wasn't that used for the p2sh softfork? Or is that protected somehow?
@_date: 2017-02-10 01:40:50
I'm pretty sure he is on Bitcoin's side.
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:11:13
So you think that it is good that $1 transactions are becoming infeasible (paying 20%-40% isn't so attractive)? I'm not just talking about coffee here. Online content purchases, mobile apps, anything like that. Basically these are ruled out until LN or Tumblebit become realities. Even then there will be some drawbacks. 
Slow and expensive are not a virtues. Secure and fast and cheap is better than secure and slow and expensive. Don't you think?
@_date: 2017-02-22 17:54:58


Ahh if only we knew what that was. Lack of a meaningful definition for decentralization is a bit lacking in this space.
@_date: 2017-02-05 19:56:37
Whatever dude, go smoke your store of value coin for a while. Then let me know when you actually want to do anything with it.
@_date: 2017-02-28 12:53:57
I never heard anything either. They never shared any real details about the hack. We have no idea if they are still susceptible to the same hack. If it was an inside job that person could still be there. Just zero information AFIK.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:25:38


How is that not covered by "validly signed transactions"? 


Pretty sure he covered that in "follows the 21-million coin creation schedule" which is pretty clear. You have to keep to the creation schedule as originally defined 50, 25, 12.5, etc.
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:13:56
Not following that. ETC chain exists yes? ETC miners and nodes are using ETC code which after DAO fork did not follow ETH changes, right?
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:30:23
Good job. How did you get them to do it? Are they using tools from BitPay or similar?
@_date: 2017-02-09 01:26:03
Sorry but the ETF argument is not working for me, even if it means a price increase.
The bitcoin ETF let's people hold centrally controlled shares instead of actually just owning bitcoin. Sure it will raise the price, we all make some $. Not bad, maybe that will lead us someplace good, maybe not. Hard to say. Ultimately it means ETF corp owns lots of bitcoin and has IOUs to people who own shares of the ETF. Is that what bitcoin was built for? I'm not so sure. So using ETF price increase as an argument isn't working for me overall, even if the greedy son of a bitch I am just wants price to go up.
@_date: 2016-03-16 23:24:04
There is really know way to know with certainty that the mnemonic is unknown to others. It is theoretically possible for evil Trezor engineer to produce hardware/firmware to generate mnemonic using some algorithm known to them. Even if you compile the firmware from source I'm not 100% certain that eliminates this possibility.
This is not at all to claim that Trezor is unsafe, I use it myself. I however have yet to see my hypothetical proved as impossible. Please do so if you can.  
@_date: 2016-03-17 10:07:46
Well that is pretty interesting. Definitely didn't know about that technique. 
So when trezor generates the mnemonic it uses same technique as mnemonic_check.py, in that it gets 1/2 of the entropy from the computer and 1/2 internal, then hashes/digests those together to get final entropy? I didn't know that either.
Anyway, definitely makes me feel better knowing these tools are available.
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:14:03


If it's a few hundred that they didn't have before, why not? 
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:45:58


So once the issue is corrected your software will check using 2 different derivation mechanisms and see what has a balance or what? Maybe create 2 wallets?
Other recovery tools may patch this issue and not offer the previous derivation scheme.
I understand the need to reduce panic here, but down playing it is just as bad. 
 
@_date: 2017-02-04 03:05:03
Yeah, paying fees was the first thing that really attracted me to bitcoin /s
@_date: 2016-03-08 19:09:59
If you mean prevent the slack channel from revealing your email, then no. You can see anyone's email if you are logged into slack.
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:38:49


Sacrifices must be made !!!
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:45:16
I'm launching BTCLunch.org soon so that this can be a global thing. You'll be able to sign up to get reminders, find resources, links, blog, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:05:08
Yes, please buy dinner with bitcoin tonight for full karma points :)
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:49:32
Where in Japan?
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:21:51
This place  is apparently opening their online menu (through menufy) today at 11am, just in time :)
@_date: 2017-02-08 03:39:59
Hmm, well BU maybe horribly flawed, but I don't know if a latent vulnerability that requires collusion would disqualify it as being Bitcoin in advance of someone actually exploiting that code. I can see one arguing that though. Bitcoin core may be vulnerable to some exploits that are difficult to pull off as well (see for instance the "balance attack" against bitcoin, which requires almost no hashrate but the ability to disrupt communications as it's vector for pulling off a 51% attack).
What is notable about Gavin's definition is that he does not include blocksize (obviously), nor difficulty algorithm in his definition. Blocksize, well, not going there. The difficulty rules though, are pretty important. I would have at least added something like " where each block POW satisfies the required difficulty"
Anyway I don't want to get into a BU debate really.
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:47:21
You can try   if you don't know of anything near you that takes bitcoins. You can order online using BTC through their site, and then pick up (takeout) at the restaurant. Not sure if you can eat-in using this system, but for takeout (or delivery I guess) it works. Used them a few times to get takeout Japanese.
@_date: 2015-01-23 14:48:49
BTCLunch.org launching soon with this design: 
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:45:36
sure if it's delivered food for lunch, it counts.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:11:34
So people that have the buggy private key, if they recover with some non-buggy wallet they will see 0 balance, is that right?
After you fix this, then even if they recover with your tools, they will see 0 balance?
Or how will people with the buggy derivation recover their wallets unless the buggy derivation is kept around?
@_date: 2017-02-08 00:45:21
So how does "not even check signatures anymore" in any way correlate with what Gavin's definition is, which explicitly states "validly signed transactions". 
Why would you, in any way use the *not checking signatures argument* to refute someone who goes out of there way to talk about validly signed transactions? 
I think you need to concede this point as well. Gavin's definition I don't think is perfect either. But it is quite a bit better than Adam Back's "hashcash with inflation control" :) and many other definitions of equal length or shorter.
@_date: 2016-01-20 02:16:12
Might be helpful if you offered up the "correct" way to do a non-contentious hardfork. What "votes" should be collected and from whom and so forth.
I keep seeing that classic is "doing it wrong" (paraphrasing), but haven't seen the right way to do a hardfork
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:05:13
monthly. Website launching soon (either btclunch.org or bitlunch.org)
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:24:38
Ok, made my order, getting Japanese.
@_date: 2015-01-23 12:51:32


I've registered the domain BTCLunch.org (and .com) and hope to be launching a website for it soon. So  is also good :)
@_date: 2015-01-23 12:53:47


I've registered BTCLunch.org (and .com) and have a design almost ready to go. 
@_date: 2017-02-06 22:51:02
Calling people who simply want to buy stuff with bitcoin "Every fucking propeller-head is foaming at the mouth" is a great way to continue the rift that the community already has.
You've insulted me twice while at the same time providing nothing interesting. Hope you have no influence either.
@_date: 2016-03-16 23:18:06


Hmm, maybe you could expound on this more? 
Certainly the presence of block headers that are "semi-valid" headers (valid header hash that meets the difficulty, valid prev. block hash, but not but not necessarily valid txs that comprise its merkle root), pose a threat to light wallets in that if some node transmits that header to them they might count that as a confirmation of previously received transactions. The block that the header belongs to could turn out to be invalid (because the txs are invalid), so thus the light client has been 'tricked' into thinking transactions were confirmed (buried under work) when in fact they were not.
Is that the threat or 'breaking' you speak of? 
If so maybe explain why this could not occur today (because I'm pretty sure it could).
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:09:15
Yes monthly is the idea. Launching website maybe next week for it.
@_date: 2017-02-05 14:44:14


Yes he does this. He has his [own definitions]( of terms and they often do not match up with other people's. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:48:37
yeah, menufy is good enough.
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:13:02
Today is the day everyone. Let's follow through. Post here or in the follow up thread (  ) about where you bought lunch or what you got. Post some pics too.
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:11:00
Some links to help you find a place to buy lunch. (Thx to sgornick who posted these on the original thread)
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*  (Netherlands)
*  (Germany)
*  (Austria)
*  (Switzerland)
*  (United Kingdom)
*  (Belgium)
*  (Denmark)
*  (Luxembourg)
*  (France)
*  (Sweden)
* 
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:51:08


Not that I'm a shill for these guys, but menufy.com let's you order via bitcoin. Not as good as the restaurant taking it directly but good enough for me. Lot's of places in Chicago on menufy.
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:06:06
Where are you? Maybe someone knows of some way to do it. You can even use Gyft if that is available. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:50:35


Try these guys: 
Or 
or 
or 
@_date: 2016-01-30 23:38:44
Yes, the biggest problem is "ballot" distribution (a ballot could be a voting coin marked especially for a specific election,etc). Solve that and you can use the blockchain for voting. 
Also, some protocols like CoinShuffle might be needed to prevent the ballot distributor from knowing how people voted.
I was going to try to build a voting system like this, but couldn't get past the ballot distribution thing. How do you give ballots/(voting-coins) to people and make sure each person is only getting one? If you have a trustworthy source of user data (maybe you run a forum or mailing list) then this can be done with some degree of assurance. But many people have multiple accounts on sites, forums, etc.
@_date: 2016-03-22 21:42:41


Well I know it's probably the last thing you want to hear, and I do appreciate your current analysis on voting, however hearing this comment that you've never inhibited discussions about block size does not ring true with me. 
For many months for example any discussions, I repeat ANY discussions (save for breaking news) on bitcoin scaling were relegated (per side bar note) to the sickied post. Please explain why why this was not inhibiting discussion on block size. This rule about scaling in fact was in place during the HK scaling conference (if not the earlier one as well).
To this day, we still have "Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted." in the side bar. We still don't know what 'overwhelming consensus' is or who is required to give it. It is unclear for example if discussion of Bitpay's median block size scheme would be allowed as I'm not sure if they've specified under what circumstances it would be implemented. Yes I do understand that allowing all kinds of hair-brained consensus changing schemes into the sub would be bad. 
Anyway, you get the idea. Amazing work on the voting thing, but I just couldn't let this claim about block size stand without some feedback.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:47:07


Good point. Do you know of anything like menufy in your part of the world?
@_date: 2017-02-05 02:19:54
Well I never said they were relevant just that if they want to continue on then then addressing some of those bugs that forced ETH to hardfork might be something to take a look at. They have about 1/5th-1/10th the transaction rate of bitcoin. It could be a lot worse.
@_date: 2017-02-22 23:04:38
Right. Not new here. So how exactly do you measure decentralization for the bitcoin network? Come up with a metric that people can agree on. Then you can start estimating how that would change under different circumstances.
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:08:09
Yes, everything counts as long as bitcoin is involved in some transaction(s) that ends up with you receiving food :)
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:19:07
$20k is nothing really. Lawyers capable of successfully suing Newsweek cost upwards of $800/hr.  Of course they should be doing it a contingency basis.
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:48:56


Yeah we will work on that for the next one. When we launch the website for this, we will let people opt in for email reminders. 
@_date: 2017-02-05 02:50:12
Just going off the gastracker.io transactions per block and avg block time to get transactions per second. Anyway I would be surprised if there was real significant activity. Could just be a few devs messing around. But then again we don't know what people are using bitcoin for either. Not many people actually spending coins are there?
@_date: 2016-03-09 11:52:29
Yeah there is a lightning dev mailing list I think, and a few github repos:  and  .
 Not sure where else to get info. I've heard from a lightning developer directly that the first public implementation of LN will likely be "single hop" only. I assume this means by-passing the routing issue. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 03:11:34
Aren't light clients a significant part of the economy (for better or worse) though? 
Also don't full node clients (wallet full nodes if you will), need other nodes to get data from, or would it be sufficient to just be connected to the 7 largest mining pools?
@_date: 2016-03-06 01:35:10
I was at the conference. First of all agree or disagree with him, D'Angelo gives a pretty good presentation. Knows how to limit the slide text and speak so that you don't fall asleep. Not all at the conference knew how to do this (e.g. IBM guy).
As to his message, well I think most bitcoiners would agree with the bulk of it. Bitcoin's main value is "Decentralized consensus". Can't really argue with that. That was really the main point.
So do we have decentralized consensus? So he talks a bit about the current mining situation in China. I think he makes valid points here in the sense that we really don't know how many individuals currently control the hash power. Could we have one person controlling 51% or more? I don't know neither does he. 
He's quite anti-miner or maybe in particular anti-Chinese miner. This sort of leaked out a bit in his talk and in a conversation afterword I had with him. I'm not sure of the origins of the anti-China part of it. He did talk about Chinese being back-room dealers or something in his talk, which many would probably find offensive (he also said he was Sicilian and they also know all about back room deals, or something like that).
But if we put that aside for the moment (the racial stuff, and I'm not saying its ok), then he is trying to see how we can make Bitcoin more decentralized. Something virtually everyone who knows anything wants.
Now does he have the solution? No I don't think so. The voting thing, well that obviously didn't go over too well, and honestly I'm not sure where he was going with that (does he have any youtube posts on that?). In my chat with him later he didn't talk so much about voting but some idea to randomly rotate miners so that only 1 miner is mining at a time (I think). Anyway that plan was not fully baked by his own admission.
Important takeaway though is that he wants decentralization, and sees the current mining situation as unacceptable.
@_date: 2017-03-03 23:21:24
You might want to define spam since your definition is probably different then everyone else's. 
@_date: 2017-02-02 23:03:34
Still a bit early to call it dead in the water IMO. Miners may eventually cave in.
Lots of options if segwit fails to activate. Tumblebit seems like the most likely scaling option at this point. For more radical approaches, I think extension blocks as a sidechain might work (in theory). 
@_date: 2016-03-13 03:57:51
Wait are those charts (showing how long it takes to get/validate a block) restricted to mining nodes, or just any nodes? 
Is the issue here, primarily one of validation, or latency in transmission? What is the dominating cause?
Also what about this darned relay network I keep hearing about. Miners using it or not using it? Would love if we could get the story straight on that.
@_date: 2016-03-23 11:37:32
If something is using bitcoin blockchain, then it has some impact on bitcoin and therefore has some place here. No we don't want the sub to be a place where Factom for instance is a constant source of discussion. But their use of the blockchain has some relevance to bitcoin and bitcoin users. That's one example where I would disagree with you.
Or was "projects that are incompatible with bitcoin" a subtle slap at some of the other 'implementations' being promoted? I already commented on the side bar rule to that effect and you haven't exactly clarified it, if that was the intention.
@_date: 2016-03-18 02:09:40
yeah, good one :)
@_date: 2016-03-08 04:40:57
I'd like to see the LN routing mechanism spelled out. Like how does the system know that if A wants to pay F, to route like A-&gt;B-&gt;C-&gt;D-E-&gt;F ? 
It would be easy if channel ownership was easy to identify,(like if all channels from A to anywhere where marked with "A"), but this could lead to loss of privacy. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 23:58:13
I've never seen him claim SegWit is not a block size increase. Every one with a brain can see that it allows for a mb increase for upgraded nodes and also allows for an increased number of txs even for non-upgraded nodes with some data missing (witness data). Everyone with a brain can also see that it is a different kind of size increase than a straight bump would be (block weight vs block size). And that it requires transaction makers to use updated wallets, etc before the effects are seen. So it is not so simple, and failure for people on both sides to attempt to understand each others position is what has brought us to this point.
@_date: 2016-01-25 05:12:26
by "relay only" I meant full nodes, that aren't being used directly as wallets. I download bitcoin software, install, start. I don't use it as a wallet. Firewall is open to allow incoming/outgoing connections. 
So that was my original question. Are those important? 
as for light clients...


I think most people using bitcoin are not using bitcoin-core wallet. They might be using mobile wallet, maybe coinbase, etc. I don't know what % of the total coins these people have, maybe it is a small amount, but for # of users and people transacting I think it is a large %. These are just my guesses though. I don't have the stats.
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:42:32
Arguing about semantics right now isn't exactly speaking to the point he raises with regards to coins being destroyed.
@_date: 2016-03-16 23:46:55
today a miner could spv mine a block and then a miner could spv mine on top of that. Same result right? In other words SPV mining is happening today and it is possible to get 2 confirms of invalid blocks.
I'm not sure if Gavin's code implements this idea, but it is certainly possible to implement code so that you never head-first mine on a block header whose parent is not validated. So if I get A-B-headC I only start mining on top of headC if B is validated. Sure any miner could break this rule, but this as a default would help and people breaking this rule can do the same today.
**EDIT** the above proposal only deters A-headB-headspvC-headspvD (we don't mine D if grand parent B is not validated yet, but we would still mine headspvD on top of headC if B is valid). Here I've used "headspv" to indicate that it is a block that was mined on top of a block header as opposed to 'head' by itself to indicate a block with transactions mined on top of a validated block.
Cooporating miners could indicate head or headspv in their header transmissions.  No this does not prevent A-B-headspvC-headspvD if miners don't follow the rules, nor does it prevent head(invalid)C-headspvD if miner that produces C decides to waste his hash power.
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:09:34


Right he likely did it knowing that the PR would get closed, thus giving people (and you are doing it here) arguments proving that Classic does not live up to its own stated standards.
Point is that it was likely done in bad faith, or maybe as a joke or something. If he had been serious about it probably some discussion would have taken place before hand. Probably a BIP or similar kind of thing would be more appropriate than just a PR right away without discussion. Personally I hate assuming bad faith and that has been a problem in the community recently. Still it is hard for me to reconcile the PR any other way.
@_date: 2016-03-30 01:53:36
I'd be happy to help you guys improve the iOS app. I'm both an android and iOS dev. I'll look at the github project for now but let me know if you want to discuss.
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:44:05
LOL, it is you who gets the trophy and gold stars. All for being an expert Troll. Congratulations, you've made the internet a terrible place to hang out. Job well done.
@_date: 2016-01-13 11:55:35


Well what is the threshold then? If XT/Classic activated at 95% would it still be an "altcoin" in your view? Is any hardfork not backed by core devs an "altcoin"? Just want to know for real. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:29:17


Impossible. So one wallet holder or one solo miner with small hash power disagrees and then it is an altcoin. Or do you mean every person on the planet? Every core-dev even ones with 2 lines of commit? What?


See above. But I thought we weren't using that form of the word consensus. Really we have to stop saying "consensus is these rules in code", and then later "consensus" is everybody agreeing to a change in certain code. I think you mean "consensus" on a "consensus rule change that causes a hard fork". Which is awkward at best and we don't have a measurement for this "social consensus" or mechanism of voting or threshold. So it basically means nothing without further clarification.
On the other items you mention, well I would agree those would be very bad, but not really altcoin, just basically would mean bitcoin has failed in a very real way. Certainly "explicitly centralizes" bitcoin is quite nebulous especially when we had ~95% of the mining power represented on stage in HK this year. So sort of ridiculous IMO. Bitcoin is very centralized already. Not to mention the OPs subject, which is a social form of centralization.
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:53:03
Order takeout from lots of places and pay with bitcoin
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:59:09
Yes, what is LN status? They aren't just waiting for SegWit are they? My impression is that it is not ready yet, is that wrong?
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:05:35


Possibly the users, not necessarily the mods. My theory was lots of users clicking the "report" button. Just a theory.


I'm not sure this would show up anywhere unless reddit admins (not mods) agreed to provide what they know (how they were contacted/alerted, etc.). 
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:21:29
Hmm, a completely different point I guess. Anyway even minority hash power can create blocks after a long time and difficulty will adjust. 
It might be rational for miners to continue mining a minority chain with the hope that much greater increase in value is possible. Split happens, minority chain is valued on exchanges at $10/btc but eventually as more people join that movement, it goes to $20/btc, etc.
@_date: 2017-03-29 12:04:05


I wouldn't go that far. He is famous (infamous) for his "bitcoin is hashcash extended with inflation control" twitter profile blurb. Bitcoin is really more like hashcash + blockchain + peer-2-peer network + scripting language,  and more. Definitely a key piece of the equation, but there is much, much, more there. To reduce all those other pieces to "inflation control" may be cute (and I'm fine with it for a twitter blurb) but hardly humble or accurate.
@_date: 2017-02-02 15:03:48
r/btc is not a single entity. r/bitcoin is not a single entity. Don't confuse the subreddit name with the entirety of people that may visit or comment there.
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:27:09
Edited my above comments re-hardforks although I guess there is some debate on this topic (see link above).
But you didn't answer the question as to whether any purposeful hardfork in your view constitutes an altcoin. If you don't have a good definition of it, that is fine, just say so. If you think any hardfork is an altcoin then that is at least a definition that is understandable (even if many won't agree).
@_date: 2016-01-25 03:01:32
I got a kick out of it.


* Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency, meaning that it can only be used to purchase episodes of HBOs long-cancelled horror anthology, Tales from the Crypt.
* Bitcoin was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto, who is either a reclusive Japanese tech nerd, a secret hacker group, or a rejected Naruto character.
* Transactions are recorded via blockchains (which I dont understand but it sounds like its similar to Tetris).
* Bitcoin is the currency of choice for black market criminals and stoners who still havent taken down their Ron Paul 2012 stickers.
* People from China are gaining more power over Bitcoin and were Americans here so fuck that!
@_date: 2017-02-27 22:40:05
It is coming up next : 5:40 EST.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:17:10


Well, originally, I don't think a mechanism was proposed at all was it? And it was called "User Activated Soft Fork", not "Large Economic Node Activated Soft Fork" (LENASF? ouch). 
But your points are well taken. Clearly just counting nodes is not viable.
However, counting large economic nodes also completely disenfranchises the people who actually own coins (even if many of those people use custodial services like Coinbase, etc).
Actually UASF starts to make me think if a PoS system, where some vote could take place based on stake. Has anything like that been proposed/discussed?
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:38:37


By "economic adoption" I think you mean something other than 95% of miners voting for something. 
I'm trying to actually see if there is a real definition of "altcoin" here. Doesn't seem like it. By "every developer" you probably (guessing) just mean bitcoin core devs with the majority of recent commits. 
Anyway you see the problem. Better to have a technical definition.
@_date: 2016-01-06 21:53:37
Yeah, was just pointing out that we have a solution for instant right now but not many people are using it and I really don't think it is because of the refund issue. 
LN's main advantage I guess is the payment channel chaining feature (I pay Bob by "routing" it through a channel with Steve who then sends to Bob).
So that will certainly help adoption. When/if it is ready.
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:01:54


Wasn't claiming that was all there was, but thought maybe that is all you were referring to.
You seem just to be referring to a hard fork [caused by a change in code that allows upgraded nodes to accept blocks that will be rejected by non-upgraded nodes]( 
So do you think that any hardfork creates an 'altcoin'? ~~Then bitcoin is itself an altcoin because hardforks have occurred in the past.~~ Edited: is probably correct on this point of no hardforks, but see [theymos's comments here](
@_date: 2014-06-15 14:29:19
I don't understand what purpose the instant_signature has in your BIP. Can you explain that? Or can you provide a flow diagram similar to what BIP 70 has?
Also I don't understand how your BIP facilitates the following. Let's say some other service, call it "InstaPay" provides double spending protection by simply monitoring a set a distributed bitcoin nodes and looking for 'simple' double spend attempts ('simple' meaning attempts that do not require mining resources, but simply send out 2 transactions trying to spend the same outputs).  InstaPay has a relationship with the merchant (maybe integrating with their POS), so at checkout they will notify the POS system if a simple double spend is detected within 5 seconds. 
Such a system does not require a wallet to have any relationship with InstaPay. It is a merchant service only. So can you explain how your BIP supports that or not?
@_date: 2016-03-17 12:08:47
Anyone can connect to matt's relay network today and get found blocks relatively quickly and then take those headers and transmit them to light client wallets without validating them. Miners can also do this directly if they find a block themselves (and are free to mine an invalid block and transmit that block header to any light client they can connect to if they feel like wasting the hash power to trick wallets). 
So are we making it somewhat easier for evil doers to get a hold of potentially invalid headers and trick light clients into accepting these as confirmations? Yes, this proposal makes that somewhat easier, but how much is unclear, perhaps we should try to quantify that eh?
Also the number of light client wallets that would actually be fooled by this is also unclear since they are all somewhat different (some connect to known 'api nodes', some may request other nodes to confirm a block header they receive, some do not care about block headers at all so presence of a header has no impact;they just trust their network nodes to tell them the current height, etc). So we should also try to quantify this and test to see what wallets can be fooled.
Certainly your proposal of signaling if a block is SPV mined or not makes sense here (for headfirst mining) as well. This will help avoid chains like A-B(unvalidated)-spvC-spvD , and we should only get A-B(unvalidatedheader)-spvC (then hopefully B turns out to be valid and has transactions and we end up with only one SPV block and only then because miner C was lucky and found the block very quickly after receiving header B). Any miner could cheat this of course but today there is nothing stoping miners to mine spv on top of spv either.
@_date: 2016-01-07 22:57:26
Scaling discussions still not allowed according to sidebar. Maybe time to change that :)
EDIT: Also if you could clarify non-consensus that would be helpful for some people. Do you mean &lt;100% agreement, or &lt;95% and is that just miners, or economic segment or who?
@_date: 2017-03-04 06:02:05
That is highly unusual. Not even sure it is possible really, but maybe if they are using some weird receiving script, or if they are blindly destroying their private keys after 7 days. Or maybe they just mean if they don't receive the coins after 7 days they will keep the coins and not give you whatever you paid for.
Contact someone more familiar with your wallet (Electrum Android) first but you can try this: backup your electrum seed (as well as the address where you want to send the coins to), delete the wallet (or uninstall app, re-install), re-import seed into new wallet, and re-send the coins with a very high fee.
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:51:45
Yeah that is true. That is important but still the issue remains that we are appealing to large companies in order to determine a protocol/consensus change. This is not really a good thing. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:22:22
To create your own block by solo mining you'll need either a good amount of hashpower or a lot of luck (like winning the lottery) to solve a block in any reasonable amount of time (like before you die).
The current hashrate for the bitcoin network is like 3 million TH/s. If you buy a $1400 ASIC rig you can get 13.5 TH/s. So you are competing against people that have shelves and shelves of those rigs, plus all the other people that have their own rigs but have joined a mining pool.
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:03:10


And the last time you used gold to buy something?
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:53:34
never seemed anti bitcoin to me. Has some interesting things to say.
@_date: 2016-01-05 12:13:35
That person did not lose any bitcoins, and it was not a 65 bitcoin transaction. Yes they had a problem because the wallet they used created a non-standard transaction with one output of 465 satoshis (about $.002). 
It looks like they were able to transfer their coins successfully after posting this thread. If you have different info that contradicts this please post it.
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:13:51
You cannot mine with a regular computer and expect to do anything but waste time and electricity.
You need specialized hardware using custom chips for bitcoin mining. You can buy these systems starting at around $1400 for a good rig (and then add on shipping, plus power supply, cables, etc). Assuming zero electricity cost you might break even in 230 days.


You'll probably get expelled or fired. These are loud devices, so someone will notice. Not to mention the 1323W it requires. And that is just one rig. People that really have free electricity and space and cooling systems and so forth setup 100s of these rigs. Most of those people are in China. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 11:55:38
The first recognized PoW work seems to be from 1992 Dwork and Naor, which Adam cites in his hashcash paper published 5 years after his original announcement of it in 1997. Admittedly  Dwork and Naor's  lacks the simplicity and ease of implementation of hashcash.
@_date: 2017-03-24 13:59:04
Since the large mining pool operators all know each other (and some have supposed they are part of some secret umbrella corp), do you think it is possible for any of these large operators to effectively false signal? 
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:15:14


After 4-6 weeks though difficulty will get reduced by 1/4 (probably) or at least 1/2, which should get it going pretty good again.
@_date: 2017-03-05 03:41:47
Hoping this is a joke actually.


Bitcoin does about 144mb per day so it might take a few years for that shit to confirm.
@_date: 2017-03-06 01:46:18


This might be people with transactions that are "stuck" because they paid too low a fee in comparison to all the other transactions sent out recently. Some miners upon request will let you submit a transaction Id and they will prioritize in their next block.


Only if your node was also mining (connected to a mining rig or farm or something). Only bitcoin miners create blocks, which they then broadcast to the network to confirm. Anyone can be a miner but these days it requires specialized equipment (ASICs) to really compete (generate the Proof of Work faster than all the other miners). Smaller miners often join mining pools but most of these pools don't let you pick your own transactions (pool operator does that).
@_date: 2017-03-06 13:59:50
Yeah, ok we are coming from different perspectives. Some of us don't want to end up in jail or owing tons of money to the gov.


This is not true. There are many techniques out there to trace coins and firms are specializing in this now.
@_date: 2016-01-14 00:45:20


This term is also unclear. Probably you mean a hard fork where some sizable percentage of wallets (maybe also miners &amp; exchanges) stays on the shorter fork. Although it is unclear what percentage that is. We need to work towards better definitions (as the OP is trying to do by posting this thread).
If you are proposing that we "ostracize controversial hardforks" then we should know what that means. Also it does not seem logical to declare something a controversial hardfork, before it has had any chance for review or thought by the community.
In fact it is the very action of this ostracizing that has actually disenfranchised many in the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2017-03-20 13:16:29


Well this is true assuming that most block acceptance depth (AB) settings are small and not 100,000,000 or something. But don't we trust miners today not to 51% attack? Don't we trust them today not to mine empty blocks? What is the difference exactly. 
We know that a modest size increase to 4mb can be handled (since even segwit theoretically allows blocks to this size). So is it a modest size increase you are worried about, or do you think they will go to 20mb in the first year or something? 
@_date: 2016-01-05 00:49:20
How did someone lose 65 btc with a stuck transaction? Not really possible.
@_date: 2017-03-13 17:20:22
I don't know what BTU is.
Core is software that acts as a bitcoin node and wallet. CoPay is what some people call a "light client" or an SPV Wallet. These light clients connect to real nodes (like core nodes) to send transactions and get notified when transactions are received. 
Anyway, write down your seed words on a piece of paper. Lock paper in fireproof vault. Now you are safe, although I wouldn't really put too much money in a mobile wallet anyway. If you want to store lots of coins think about a hardware wallet. 
Your coins are in the public blockchain. The wallet holds your private key(s). Only the wallet with the private key can sign a transaction to move your coins. As long as you have a backup of your private key (or seed words in your case) you can import that key /words into another wallet to recover all your coins if your current wallet fails or is lost.
If someone gets hold of your seed words they can take your coins (unless you also protected with a passphrase).
@_date: 2016-01-15 10:52:37
Bitcoin will only truly spread if we get past the Hodling phase and get to the spending phase.
@_date: 2017-03-29 21:05:24
arrogance? Did I say arrogance? I just think "humble" is pushing it a bit. A humble person would not put that Twitter statement out, or after having it pointed out to them (that it was sort of inaccurate and pissing people off) they would likely change it. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 02:22:06
How do "relay only" nodes help? Or are these not very important? Do we need any, if so how do we measure what is a good number? 
@_date: 2016-01-15 10:43:30
Right but he is quick to brand alternative clients "altcoins" without real definition of the term. Same with "contentious hardforks". Thus he is able to suppress discussion of certain items based on his own classification scheme and still say that he is following the "posted rules" of the subreddit.
By the way, the side bar still says "topics pertaining to scaling bitcoin must be posted in the stickied thread..." which is fairly ridiculous IMO. Does that thread even exist anymore? Last I looked posts were months old. So any change to help improve bitcoin via scaling is not allowed normal exposure, (except for the breaking news clause). While I understand that the sub was getting flooded at one point with scaling posts, that is because it is what the community wanted to discuss.
Also there is the side bar rule about "promotion of software...without overwhelming consensus". Which goes back to my "contentious hardfork" comment above. First there is no agreed upon definition of "overwhelming consensus". Who is "voting"? What % constitutes overwhelming consensus? Some think miners get the vote, others say it is the overall economy (wallets, exchanges, etc).
Also by restricting discussion of these types of software, it prevents people from saying "hey, maybe 95% would be a better threshold for that BIP instead of 75%, and maybe it should be based on the last 10,000 blocks instead of 1000..., etc". Because it can't be discussed here. Further even software that activates at a certain threshold may have overwhelming consensus if it were rolled out and not suppressed. So using software activation rules as a way of determining whether something has overwhelming consensus is not generally the way to go. Actually finding out what the consensus is, takes some time, discussion, feedback, etc.
I understand it is all an effort to help bitcoin and have a good sub. But it is fairly obvious the trouble this has caused in the community. People have been disenfranchised.
@_date: 2016-01-05 00:27:52
Here is what happens when most people just hodl their coins:
* Merchants have no incentive to 'turn on' bitcoin as a form of payment
* Merchants already accepting bitcoin, may just stop
* People unfamiliar with bitcoin will ask "what can I do with it" and you'll have to answer, "hold it, until it goes to the moon, until then, not much else"
* VCs will stop funding bitcoin startups (already happening) because, well, no one is using it.
Time to spend spend spend those coins. Yes do the buy back as you go thing. Let's get some wallets with that as a built in feature (buy back 1x-3x what you spend automatically). Then we can spend and hodl at the same time. Everyone wins.
@_date: 2016-01-15 20:56:03


Hardly. 


Are you referring to consensus.h source file in Bitcoin Core? Only that file? Anything else? So if core devs want to do a hardfork increasing max block size, then immediately, as soon as they open the pull request (even if it has delayed activation with 95% of miners agreeing, etc) then it should be branded an altcoin.


Bitcoin XT and Classic are not designed to break "consensus" in the general meaning. They may have debatable activation thresholds but it was always expected that the overwhelming majority of the economy would follow along and really the only people stuck on a shorter chain would be people who just aren't paying attention for a very long time. There is a that risk that some would accidentally think they were on the longest chain and have no idea of a fork I guess. Not sure how pervasive that could be.
@_date: 2017-03-06 01:50:50
If you have access to cheap/free electricity and if you can get the latest specialized ASIC based mining equipment on the cheap, then you can still be profitable.
@_date: 2016-03-30 02:27:23
can you make a video to show your exact steps to reproduce, or list them here. Did you click 'send' in the pop up confirmation that says "Bitcoin Payment / confirm your payment of $1000.00 USD / cancel | send "? Or what final screen are you referring to? 
EDIT: You probably are using touch ID to confirm right? I was testing on non-touch ID and saw a simple confirmation pop up, but you might see something different. Post video or exact steps/screens please.
@_date: 2017-03-01 18:33:41


He asked nullc to post the email of him offering to sell his accounts? Anyway whatever. We don't know even if this is the "original" SouperNerd or someone that took over his accounts do we? All very odd.
I'm not going to speculate on the motives of SouperNerd here (or person purporting to be him). I can't really imagine what the thought was. It seems obvious to me that nullc would not be interested in buying the account. 


I'm not saying that was SouperNerd's plan. What does seem obvious, is that if you post someone's email address on reddit and you are a well known person with lots of people not liking you, that you stand a good chance of getting banned/suspended. So nullc knew this and took the chance or didn't care about consequences, or wanted to get suspended (to make rbtc look bad?) but figured he'd be able to come back. 
 
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:03:49
I was in the chat room when this was going on, it was really weird. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 11:43:12


So does that mean they might not be online now? Or what time frame is used? Please share tech details if you have them.
@_date: 2017-03-09 12:16:19
Publish the list.
@_date: 2017-03-03 23:34:05


You know I would love to get an update on how things are going with LN. I really haven't heard too much of late. Are they just waiting for segwit or still working through issues with code base or what? Any new problems or solutions? 
@_date: 2016-01-22 23:28:31
I saw one of these big guys come through last week. I was trying to find out if there is a list of the blocks with the most coins moved somewhere, couldn't find it.
@_date: 2017-03-13 17:24:15
edit: also, looks like you've been part of bitcoin conversation for at least a few months, where you asking this question in earnest, or just checking to see how people would answer.
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:33:39
We only have ~5700 nodes right now. Do you think that increasing the node cost by a factor of 2 every 3 years will have a dramatic impact on that (I picked those cost scaling factors sort of randomly so feel free to put in what you think the effect of block size increase might be on node cost)? 
Or, do you think that ~5700 is vastly too low and that we should seek to have almost as many nodes as we do bitcoin users (basically work to ~~eliminate~~ replace SPV wallets and have most users running full nodes)?
@_date: 2017-03-05 17:27:11
They are conducting a Test on the main net. Not a small test either.
What do they hope to learn from this test?
@_date: 2017-03-06 18:00:34


Hmm, ya think?
@_date: 2017-03-06 12:31:59
How legal is it in the U.S? Is there some limit like &lt;$10,000 per year that you can do without worrying about compliance?
@_date: 2017-03-09 20:09:32
Right so we don't really know if the counts here represent node stats over the course of 6 months, 1 month, 1 day.
In other words, if I want to know on average how many nodes are running on any given day, who has the best numbers for that and how are they collecting that info? We see most node counters at ~6000 but they are probably not showing firewalled node info. Others show firewalled node info but not the details so we don't know likelyhood of them being active.
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:32:53
 &gt;5 trillions $
I guess that refers to some % of the world economy which bitcoin might become some day. But you just proved my point. It won't be part of the economy if no one is using it :)
@_date: 2017-03-06 12:49:42
This attitude will just make the govs crack down on us. 
Anyway transferring money to/from bank accounts might not be as big a deal since those institutions have compliance. But what about selling coins for cash? 
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:13:42
Well that is understandable. Many people feel that holding is important. 
Bitcoin will not be adopted as a payment mechanism by merchants if there are just so damned few people willing to part with their coins. So bitcoin just becomes a collection like a stamp collection. So when the price goes to the moon, there just won't be anything to buy. Even if merchants then say " hey 1 bitcoin is now worth $5000 and rising, I'll start accepting it at my shop", no one will spend it. 
Yes if price stabilizes for a very long time (maybe 2 years or more), then I guess that might be a signal where holders finally give up. But they might just trade back to fiat at that point. Yes they made money, but adoption was stifled. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 00:38:07
dude, there is no BTU and you know it. You are just posing as someone ignorant to get a chance to bash BU. So whatever, have fun.
@_date: 2017-03-08 13:43:52
How come most node counters online show like ~6000 nodes, but other people claim ~30,000 nodes? What are the different techniques used that give that variation?
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:49:09
I was thinking same thing. Seems like obvious fix unless there is something we are missing here.
@_date: 2017-03-13 12:56:33
Ok, well non technical will be a challenge, but let me try.
Bitcoins can only be created through "bitcoin mining", which essentially lets someone create a new page in the global distributed ledger known as the bitcoin blockchain. The reward for doing the computational work to make that page of entries is called the block reward and it is currently 12.5 bitcoins per "page" or "block". 
The block reward is the only way that bitcoins are created. A new block (page of entries) is created about once every 10 min, and the block reward is decreased by 1/2 every four years (so the next halving will bring the reward down to 6.25 bitcoins per block).
@_date: 2016-01-06 11:52:41


We have instant confirmations now through greenaddress.it type implementations (multisig 2of2 with timelock refund). This is sort of similar to opening a payment channel in LN, but is available today.  Doesn't seem to be used much (although RBF may change that). Will LN be better?
@_date: 2017-03-06 04:46:23
Only 2 ways to get bitcoin:
1) Mining
2) getting them from someone who has them (buying with $, selling a product/service, etc).
@_date: 2016-01-27 11:35:15
There is evidence right in the sidebar of &gt;"Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted."
Of course overwhelming consensus is not defined.
Previously (until pretty recently, and during both scaling conferences) discussion of scaling (this was also in the sidebar) was not permitted except in a stickied post or for breaking news.
@_date: 2016-03-09 01:31:39


Yes some sort of query mechanism was my first thought as well, but it was pointed out to me that this could be inefficient (especially when you consider the volume of transactions we want to achieve with LN).
But the bigger picture is, what exactly are we querying? How are payment channels identified, or how is ownership of a channel identified?
In the LN paper there is a short discussion on payment routing:


2-of-2 multisigs on the blockchain to build a routing table. Note, however,
this is not feasible with pay-to-script-hash transaction outputs, which can
be resolved out-of-band from the bitcoin protocol via a third party routing
So I'd like to hear more about that. I think the idea is somehow letting a 3rd party (maybe this is part of the LN network like a special node) that a particular funding transaction on the blockchain belongs to you and 'you' being some kind of signature or address of some kind that you will re-use with all most of your payment channels (??). So then if Alice wants to pay Frank (A---F), F sends out his identifying address registered with the 3rd party or node, so that identifying address can then be used to find other payment channels open with F.
Anyway, some kind of channel ownership mechanism may be needed and I'm wondering if this can be done without loss of privacy. Like if you will need to re-use addresses or something to make this all work.
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:54:29
Disinformation that he spread? Or is he suddenly responsible for others speech?
@_date: 2017-03-13 12:26:38
What are you trying to achieve? If you want cold storage advise ask for that, but it is unclear because you started with "move my bitcoins to Bitcoin Core" which would not generally be "cold". 


What are you using as a wallet today?
@_date: 2016-01-08 01:54:12
Both jgarzik and gavin gave it the old **NAK**
And Gavin notes:
    And strongly NAK merge/close only 8 hours after opening, with discussion happening days before Christmas.
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:53:51
Just fyi, the whole "digital gold" thing as a label is very confusing to many. When I hear "digital gold" I think, "like gold but a whole lot better (decentralized, easy to transfer, censorship resistant, etc all the properties of bitcoin and not gold at all)". When you say "digital gold" I think it means "exactly like gold but maybe easier to transport".  
So I sort of reject the whole "digital gold" as meaning one thing or another other than it meaning "bitcoin".
Anyway, we get hung up on semantics a lot ("alt coin", "controversial", etc.) so I don't really want to debate it, just letting you know that "digital gold" as meaning only certain properties of bitcoin does not work for some people and seems like an attempt to co-opt bitcoin into some gold bugs wet dream. I would prefer we just stop using that label. If you want to reference the "store of value" arguments, well just use "store of value".
@_date: 2017-03-05 04:34:51


Glad you have your limits. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 02:39:05
Well it is probably too late, but instead of trying sell your coins you could have just transferred them out of coinbase to another wallet that you control (mobile wallet or paper wallet, or something like electrum). Then you have control of your bitcoins and you've removed the middle man which was the whole point of bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:14:48


Certainly most of the mods likely feel this way but I think there are exceptions. The users there (readers/subscribers) are a large group of people and have all sorts of different feelings and ideas. There are definitely a small number of loud/vocal people that tend to dominate the discussion but those people don't all represent how the entirety of the readership feels or thinks.


I'm not saying otherwise. Always thought this guy had big problems and voiced those thoughts to other mods.


I think nullc knew what he was doing when he posted the Soupernerd info. He knew that it was likely he would get suspended for it. He probably knew he would be able to come back (get unsuspended) and he probably felt it shows how bad rbtc is that they (either mods or users) caused him to get suspended in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-03-23 17:19:03
Great video. Future looking brighter already (full moon shining).
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:17:23


Well there is replay right? So all coins with coinbase ancestors on the BTU chain will be destroyed. But couldn't all other UTXOs could be re-created on BTC chain? That might happen in near real time anyway (I think this was happening with ETH/ETC yes?) where active replay was occurring.
edit: hoping will comment here as to why all coins would be destroyed if they are getting replayed.
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:19:15


I didn't know users asked him to post that info, I just saw his "PSA" post. Regardless however, I still think nullc is smart enough to predict the entire outcome: nullc posts the info, some lame rbtc people start making false claims about him, lots of users report that he his doxing again, reddit admins take quick action, after review suspension is lifted.
@_date: 2017-03-01 03:21:48




While it is certainly plausible that rbtc mods (employees?) contacted reddit admins, do we actually have evidence that this is the case?
If no evidence, then aren't you just spreading lies as well?
There are other possibilities, like lots of folks hitting the report button, which does in fact alert reddit admins when done enough. I don't have evidence for that either, just showing what is possible.
@_date: 2017-03-04 06:10:40
Transactions that don't get confirmed mean you still own the coins, they never went anywhere, although if the original transaction still exists in a lot of nodes mempools then trying to double spend those coins might not work. After a few days though (especially with large tx backlog) I would suspect the original tx would be dropped from most places so a new tx spending same outputs should propagate.  
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:09:20
Yes but coining of the term isn't that relevant IMO.  The Dwork and Naor paper describes something very similar to hashcash and is referenced by Adam as prior work (he also references Juels and Jakobsson). I have no doubt that Adam was unaware of the prior work but to say "did so in a vacuum from other differing implementations around the time" might be better as "did so without knowledge of previous work done 5 years earlier, as well as concurrent efforts by others" or something similar.


proposed a CPU pricing function for the application of combatting junk email. Subsequently applications for costfunctions
have been further discussed by Juels and Brainard in [3]. Jakobsson and Juels propose a dual purpose for
the work spent in a cost-function: to in addition perform an otherwise useful computation in [4]."
@_date: 2017-03-04 06:15:06
Well I was looking for more of a summary of where things stand. What is happening on testnet alpha (how many successful transactions, any issues)? What is the thought about when it will be ready for real transactions (not testnet)? What are the major items being worked on? And so on. That doesn't seem likely to get covered in mailing list or IRC. 
I mean it is not like this what the community has been waiting for for years or anything /s.
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:54:36
Oh you like the fact that Coinbase was asked to turn over all their customers transaction info? This is because IRS thinks every bitcoin user is a tax dodger.
@_date: 2019-11-27 14:09:35


Sorry for delay.
Not sure about Nano &amp; Stellar, but for Bitcoin yes Ledger can generate as many addresses as needed and these will always be associated with your seed phrase (12 or 24 word phrase). 
Technically the linkage between seed phrase and keys is based on BIP 32 and BIP 39. You can google those. The details are technical. Basically randomly chosen words that comprise your seed phrase are converted to a seed that is used in bip 32 type deterministic wallet.
\&gt;Say you have have a bunch of crypto on a Ledger and you lose that device, but you dont bother backing up your key on a new device. 5 years pass and you decide to back it up, will the key work on any device or just Ledger?
I don't understand this question. If you backup your seed phrase you can always recover the funds using a new Ledger or some other tool. If you don't backup the seed phrase and lose the Ledger then you lose your funds.  It's that simple. Back up your seed phrase and keep it safe. Anyone who gets it can take your funds even if they never get a hold of your Ledger.
\&gt;If you delete a random wallet/app(?) on the Ledger, can you just reinstall it to get those funds back?
I don't know about all the apps they have on Ledger, but for bitcoin and similar wallets you can always get back if you have the seed phrase.
@_date: 2016-01-16 02:13:19


If you have a hard fork and 99% of the miners, wallets economy is on one chain and 1% or less of the users, miners, etc is on the other (because they didn't upgrade), then that small minority may say to themselves "this is the real bitcoin". But they have failed to follow the economy and ecosystem and the longest proof of work chain. Yes their rules say the other fork of the chain doesn't matter because those blocks aren't valid. And they can go on thinking that. Doesn't make the longer chain an altcoin.
Perhaps at that point we could concede that we have gone from Bitcoin to 2 new coins (neither is "alt") each one may claim they are the real bitcoin. Personally I would be with the 99%.
@_date: 2017-03-03 23:55:52


What do you mean by this? 
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:05:34
The important thing to understand here is why it might be safe or unsafe.
Wallets like ledger are initialized with a seed phrase (ledger if I recall uses a 24 words phrase). It is critical that this seed phrase is known only to you (copied down somewhere safe, never kept on your person, etc). From that seed phrase many public/private keys can be generated by the ledger wallet, and those public keys will be used to generate addresses that you will give out to people wishing to send you bitcoin.
As long as the seed phrase remains secure and you are using an un-compromised ledger (its a real ledger and is not running some rogue firmware, the seed phrase was generated randomly by ledger hardware and not input from some list you got elsewhere, etc.), then you are using a tried and true technique that will generally protect your coins.
What it won't protect you from:
If the hardware wallet itself gets into the hands of a malicious person they can try to exploit any vulnerabilities that have been found against the hardware. Some of these include side channel attacks, installing malicious firmware, etc. Keeping your wallets firmware up to date generally protects against these but it is important to stay on top of any news regarding new exploits.
Rogue firmware: Can the ledger company itself issue rogue firmware (perhaps a rogue developer released it) to reveal your seed phrase to them? I would think this is possible (Ledger folks correct me if wrong), but of course it would destroy the company (as well as probably tank the price of btc for a bit).
Malware address changes: When the ledger generates an address, be sure the one it generates is the one you actually give to the person sending you coins. Some malware on computers can try to change data used when copying /pasting an address, so it will change the address to one controlled by the attacker not by your ledger.
Those are a few things to stay on top of. Hardware wallets aren't 100% perfect but have some good trade offs that make them a good choice for most people.
@_date: 2016-06-01 22:17:40
A few months ago I was working on a tool that would estimate segwit block sizes and number of transactions based on current blocks and estimate of how many inputs would be spending from segwit outputs.
So for example block 400,768 (I happen to have that data lying around) , if we assume 100% of inputs are modifiable to segwit format, and if we also assume that we would fill this block to the maximum with additional available transactions, then the results are:
    original # txs: 2966
    original block size: 998,064 bytes
    ===after mods ===
    inputs modified:4331 not modified:0
    output types count:6057,651,0,9
    available bytes=432894
    avail txs:2264
    improvement:76%
    real block+witness size:1759862 bytes
So here we ended up with 432kb of space and stuffed it with 2264 new transactions bringing the total real transmitted size to 1.76mb. The output types count is p2pkh, p2sh, mutisig, other.
If this is at all interesting let me know and I can go back and verify the numbers and procedure.
@_date: 2016-06-29 20:58:30
So yes and no. It seems at first like an unlikely attack vector, but is actually not. Yes I made it seem a bit more sensational with how I posted it to Reddit, but there are many people on this sub that probably store significant numbers of bitcoins on their air gapped machine. 
One example is people who install Tails on a disconnected machine and then install Electrum (perhaps by briefly connecting to internet or installed from other storage). Then they import their 12-24 word mnemonic key into Electrum.
So here we have a situation where a person is using a disconnected machine and importing keys/mnemonic. Now for the attack vector to work, either their Tails code has to be 'infected' or their Electrum install is 'infected' (or if they connected to the internet then some malware was able to install itself due to browser bug). Additionally of course they would need a second PC or computer (maybe even a smartphone) also infected to listen for messages from the air gapped machine. 
All pretty unlikely, but really not that impossible. People may be less secure with their installs (like Electrum or Tails) when they know they are working on an Air Gapped machine because of the assumption of security. So basically this breaks the air gap, or rather uses air to bridge the gap.
@_date: 2016-06-08 11:18:07


You are right I should have looked at [my own previous reddit comments]( where I was estimating ~10kb Compact message for an average sized block. Although I think here I was going for a large block case which would be more like 3000tx or heh, if **SegWit** goes live and is adopted widely, we will see a number of 6000tx blocks. So 6000*6+~5kb(prefilled), so that is 41kb. 
Anyway the average size of the Compact message will certainly be smaller in the near term, but after SegWit I think 41kb case won't be unusual. So my 7mb of waste goes down to 2.8mb (yes I'm cheating by including SegWit activation and considering a largish block). Unless of course as you say, nodes make a "local decision" to limit the number of peers they send the compact block messages to (does the BIP include a response to sendcmpct(1) that allows nodes to say "no I won't do that too many cmpct peers already"?)


Ok so if 6000 nodes all have BIP 152 activated, are you saying that the average number of round trips to send blocks will be .5? What will be the average number of round trips? That is why I said it is unclear how this will play out. We should model (or calculate if you can) for the entire network, with different assumptions.
@_date: 2017-03-09 12:04:38
Is Charlie's point about BU reverting to a longer BC chain drastically different than what we have today? Right now a selfish miner could publish a chain that is longer (more PoW) than main chain. Wouldn't everyone's clients switch to that new chain?
edit: obviously, knowing that there is a group with 20% hashrate trying to overtake is a bit different, but at a technical level this could happen now is my point.
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:03:06
Hardly FUD really. Obviously it's not a threat that will affect most people but bitcoiners are more likely than many to use air gapped machines and think they are isolated. Obviously the malware has to get to the air gapped machine (and likely a listener machine would also need to be infected) so some security breakdown occurred somewhere. 
It is something the community needs to be aware of IMO.
@_date: 2016-06-11 16:43:55
Well what seems to be the problems with doing it? Who has tried it and what errors occur?
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:52:50


Doesn't that make it harder to draw the right conclusions? For instance, let's just naively assume for a minute that miners are all using the relay network, and therefore, every single miner receives and validates a block in &lt;3sec. 
If that were true, would it matter that much if the non-mining  (and non-relay network) nodes were getting/validating in 30sec on average? What effect would that have? 
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:15:22
(I'm assuming you are in the US)
I have never heard this interpretation and feel it is likely wrong. Once you obtain bitcoin through any means, the price that you obtain it at becomes your "basis". If you exchanged bitcoin for services then that basis would be the fair market value (in fiat), for those services. When you sell if the price has risen, then you'll have a difference between your basis and your sale revenue on which you have to pay capital gains tax.
Accountants and lawyers feel free to correct me if wrong.
@_date: 2016-06-25 15:12:46
I was surprised that Compact got merged so fast (of course I wasn't really following the dev mailing list or pull request for it, so my bad there). 
I had concerns about the 'high bandwidth" mode where only 3 peers would send you the compact block message outright (for the .5 round trip), and how that would play out in full in the bitcoin network and whether it would truly be better than Xthin blocks. said he [ran simulations]( but didn't provide links or stats. Also I felt that too much emphasis in discussions (at least on reddit) was being put on round trips and not on overall performance.
Xthin seemed like a decent solution (with some fixable issues) and I would have liked to be sure that Compact was indeed the better of the 2.
@_date: 2016-06-29 22:11:12


No it is exactly air gapped, it is just that sound is being is being used to transmit information over that very gap. Yes avoiding malware will definitely prevent this attack but people using air-gapped machines with the assumption of "it is safe because it is not connected to anything" should listen up.
@_date: 2016-06-16 10:51:01
It doesn't look like this supports importing an existing HD key, does it?
Also no mnemonic support that I can see. But glad to see progress here.
@_date: 2016-06-25 23:58:10
You mean these stats? 


You're not providing stats on your simulation are you? or how you set it up? Seems like this is some info on the existing bitcoin network since you mentioned "the '6000' node network" and you also later said you did not simulate 6000 nodes. 


 It's actually unclear what you meant here, or exactly how that makes the case one way or the other. Maybe someone can pipe in and tell me what you meant (feel free to do so yourself, it is sometimes helpful to hear other people's take).


I have no idea what that means. What prediction? Sorry if I'm being slow witted.


This doesn't seem like a stat or computation, but a bit of a guest-a-mate on the previous info (which I mentioned was unclear at least to me). But again correct me if I'm wrong, none of this was done with a full bitcoin network simulation was it? or something close to it maybe?
**Don't get me wrong**. Compact Blocks (bip 152) seems like a good simple approach. There are things about it that I don't like that I didn't see discussion on (but probably occurred somewhere I hope): 
* some wasted bandwidth when a peer sends you compact block message for a block you already have
* no sendcmpct(1) rejection message (so a peer can just receive that message and simply not send you a compact block until requested).
* mix of high bandwith / low bandwidth mode makes it unclear how the real network will work (and what the overall improvement will be).
* some nodes getting considered "better" than others and perhaps becoming too centralized (we might end up with 100 nodes doing all the high bandwidth compact block messages).  


It seems that BIP 152 sort of rode to the rescue just in time (before the natives got really restless). If that hadn't been ready, xthin with some improvements seems like it might have been viable. From an outsiders point of view it seems like political issues have gotten in the way of technical discussion and development. Am I completely wrong on that point? 
@_date: 2019-03-24 12:19:56
Not in Bitcoin tx, at least as you've written it.  ETH might be better for this use case, but there are bitcoin transactions that can include a time basis as part of the evaluation. Items like  "&gt;limit" and "refund to sender" will be problematic in bitcoin transaction. There are some bitcoin based protocols that allow for more advanced smart contracts, but these require other forms of validation outside the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:35:21


As I've pointed out numerous times IT WAS NOT (originally) A COMMIT !!!!
Please stop using that as an excuse. If you want to see the evidence it is here: 
Yes he may have edited that message quickly. Regardless it is stupid to try to claim "it was a commit message" when it originally wasn't. 


Not so fast. BitcoinXio first did this:


So he removed the post. Then (and I'm going from memory here because comment history may not be accurate now), nullc made a comment in same thread that linked to an image of the information and told the mods essentially: ok well if I can't post that info directly I can post a link to an image hosted elsewhere with the same info. Then I think that image was also deleted. Then there was further back and forth with the mod and nullc. Then and this part got removed before I even saw it, I believe nullc posted some other information about a different person (not Gavin). You'll have to ask him exactly what he posted. THEN he was banned.
At least that is my understanding of it. Waiting for evidence that some other series of events happened or corrections to that information. Also somewhere in that timeline BitcoinXio also approved the post and admitted he made a mistake:


I've already discussed the most recent suspension (Soupernerd) with BitcoinXio, which he did deny taking part in. As for the previous one (Gavin's email), I think BitcoinXio did ban him after the events I described above, probably the evidence is in the mod logs somewhere but I'm not searching for it now.
@_date: 2017-03-13 17:27:22
Other options will develop as time goes on. There are many things being worked including Tumblebit and Lightning Network. Those projects would like to have Malleability solved which SegWit does, but I think they can function in some capacity without that. I don't have a good update on when those might be available.
@_date: 2016-06-27 12:10:59
What exactly are "OTC" traders in this context? Sorry I'm not much of a trader but I would like to understand.
@_date: 2016-06-08 19:36:36


It would be great if we could actually simulate/model  this. Yes in some circumstances we can use math to solve for the answer, which you've done here to some extent but it seems there are still some questions. Let's see if we can avoid surprises completely if we can :)
Has anyone built tools for simulating the bitcoin network which would allow us to test out some different ideas and tweak assumptions &amp; settings for groups of nodes? Yes we can build testnets for these things using real nodes but computer simulation/modeling can work quite well if done right.  
Personally I would like to see proposals like BIP 152 and XThin compete against one another in some simulations.
@_date: 2016-06-27 17:33:01
Yes, I know it means "Over the Counter" but


Like localbitcoins.com or what? 
@_date: 2016-06-07 12:53:26
I can't find a flaw with this (except the work involved) as long as you keep a copy of your seed somewhere not in your house as a backup. Don't let a basement flood or house fire take your bitcoins.
Was your Electrum code built from source or at least properly verified to be the official build? Just want to make sure your seed generation was on the 'level'.
I use Trezor but I admit there are security tradeoffs with this.
@_date: 2016-06-07 11:54:39
We are the peer review.
XThin pretty clearly will require fewer bytes on average to 'transmit' a block because it doesn't have to transmit the entire block much of the time. It's not like there is magic going on. 
It simply lets one node tell another node, I already have these transactions, so then the node (that is transmitting a block) just sends the transactions the node is missing from the block instead all the transactions in the block.
The only time it won't be helpful is when nodes simply don't have many of the transactions of a block in their mempool. In those circumstances the block transmitting node will still have to send out the majority of the transactions in the block, and the receiving node will have sent out "extra data" just to tell the transmitting node essentially that it needs all the transactions. Exactly how often this happens in the field with real Bitcoin Core nodes is unknown and definitely should be investigated. The articles posted used Bitcoin Unlimited nodes and only 6 of them.  
I would suggest someone write up a small patch to Bitcoin Core (to be deployed as an experimental branch to whoever is willing) to just report on the percentage of transaction "overlap". This would give additional critical data to this proposal as well as others, like BIP 152.
@_date: 2016-06-02 02:18:15


Thanks that is helpful (a bit condescending but helpful). Yes it has a trusted setup phase, which we can't discount. However, as I understand it they at least have a way to decentralize the trusted setup phase to multiple parties. Not sure if this has actually been done yet. Maybe there will be a global Zcash setup day where like 10000 people participate or something. Any info on that?  
Obviously if they can't show the world that the trusted setup phase was done in a way that eliminates the possibility of a "backdoor" then that will be a huge problem for them. If, however, they can get past this, then it looks pretty interesting.
Edit: seems like the multi-party setup is something they are working towards: 
@_date: 2016-06-13 01:25:05
Why don't you explain why instead of playing the troll?
@_date: 2017-01-17 13:00:33
It's not much different than using Trezor or other hardware wallets, is it? Plus Intel is just a working example no reason we couldn't have custom chips packages for bitcoin just like the hardware wallets we use today.
Mostly we trust todays bitcoin hardware wallets and firmware to not transmit our private keys when we plug them into our computer. In fact we are told the keys are "isolated" and cannot be transmitted. Teechan seems pretty similar in many regards. What is the real difference from a trust perspective? Why are bitcoin hardware wallets "trusted" but Teechan cannot be trusted?
@_date: 2016-06-03 00:15:52
Doesn't sound so great.
@_date: 2017-01-12 12:45:05
I've seen a lot worse. It's trying to consolidate an analyst report and I'm guessing (I haven't seen original) it does so well enough. Gets the main points across.
@_date: 2017-01-10 13:30:02
There's plenty of reason to complain about Coinbase (support issues, B. Armstrong comments) but I thought this guy did a decent job of combating the whole volatility thing the anchors were pushing and letting them know Bitcoin is still growing from a merchant perspective.
@_date: 2016-06-17 03:39:59
The problem is that it is easy to forget that a subreddit is really more like someones private website, or a blog running on wordpress.com. They allow anyone to post but the site is CONTROLLED by whomever started the subreddit (just like the owner of a website decides what goes on there). 
@_date: 2017-01-13 12:35:09
Taking out 1000s of legit nodes all at once not a concern? Could be part of sybil attack, no? Also easy for prying eyes to [watch traffic to and from](
@_date: 2017-01-18 00:41:00


Well it would be bad if one of the most popular hardware wallets was "hacked" perhaps by an evil firmware update that caused all units to send their private keys to some evil guy. Maybe 10s of millions (fiat) could be lost?


Intel seems just like proof of concept to me. No reason anyone has to use that. If there is a legit trust issue (or remote control) ability with Intel HW then let's discuss that and find a better solution.


That would be a bit of an issue. Can anyone confirm?
@_date: 2016-06-27 22:04:34
Ok, I see [Vinny referenced this article]( in his post which has more info. 
The OP for this thread didn't link to [Vinny's article]( directly so I missed some of the context.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:46:09
Wouldn't it be better for you if they both went up? Or did you buy your btc after Aug 1?
@_date: 2017-01-03 23:35:39
Part of the idea of using something like a safe deposit box, though is to enable inheritance. So like if you literally get hit by a bus. 
I'm really against memorizing any words or positions. Right now we are in the midst of bitcoin hype. Maybe price crashes and you forget about it for 5, 10, 30 years, then you realize it has rebounded. Now what was that word?
@_date: 2017-01-12 12:17:56


On the up side (which I guess I could have made part of the title) he says if it was approved it would have a positive impact on price and acceptance. The report also mentions the possibility the SEC might let the decision go on "auto-approval"
Also the analyst is certainly right about this:


@_date: 2016-06-08 01:41:20


BIP 152 only achieves the .5RTT in HB mode, which is recommended to use for only 3 of nodes you are connected to. Since nodes have a lot more than 3 peers it is unclear to me how this will play out and so the .5RTT seems misleading.


There is also some wasted bandwidth. You are sending HB compact block messages to peers that may already have the block and each compact block might be as much as 100kb. 
I didn't read any limit as to how many peers you would send HB compact block messages to. If your node is popular, then 70 peers might each select your node as one of its 3 peers, resulting in you sending up to say 7mb of compact block data for each block you receive. Since many of those nodes might already have that block, some of that bandwidth is wasted.
@_date: 2017-01-18 13:17:47
Well sometimes you have to stand up to stupidity. So if companies are ignoring NY because of the regulations, that can send a message and if enough companies do that, then possibly the regulations get changed.
@_date: 2016-06-29 22:06:23
"They"??? No the article and original paper didn't even mention bitcoin.
I posted it the link here with the somewhat sensationalist headlines referencing private keys because that is ultimately how this kind of attack could be used. The paper did not specifically mention bitcoin but does talk in general about encryption keys and passwords. 
So it is not a bitcoin attack per se, but a general security issue that bitcoiners should be aware of.
@_date: 2016-06-18 03:07:26


*Ugh. There is no "the mempool"*, see what I did there :)


I didn't say that nodes should have min fee set to 0, although that is one option. Why would txs with non-zero fees have 0 cost to the sender? 
@_date: 2017-08-17 11:04:10
Typically you would store the 24 words on paper or cryptosteel and keep that safe, locked away somewhere (maybe in safe deposit or other place). Then you would have your pin code and passphrase memorized. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:50:56
Dude, you had a total of 19 comments in r/btc on that post. Then you engage in a back and forth with one person (williaminlondon) who had bad stuff to say. That is the person that commented on your writing style. 
Now after a total of 19 comments you've concluded that all people in r/btc are Paranoid and Crazy. You just told thousands of people to go fuck themselves because of the comments of a few people (and mostly just that one guy).
Great work being neutral and trying to stop the infighting /s.
@_date: 2017-01-13 23:54:54
I totally sympathize, but still sort of ironic that the whole purpose of bitcoin is to avoid trusting 3rd parties like this. If we could just avoid the fiat conversions and spend bitcoin we'd be golden (need more merchants, services to accept it).
@_date: 2016-06-17 11:30:01


Regardless of some people's intent, transaction fees to get into the next block are fairly high right now. So that is what spikes people's concerns.


First of all, many people are looking at transaction backlog and min fees to get into next block. Your stats show 24k transactions waiting to get processed. Only ~1700 or so transactions go into each block. In a healthy network I would expect the # of waiting transactions to go close to zero when a block is solved, then start filling up again as miners try to solve a block, then back down near zero. Yes a saw tooth but one that hopefully clears out most of the mempool each time. Concerns rise however, when we see a large backlog of transactions (or spikes in that backlog) that are never cleared and when the min fee to get into the next block is also going up.
I don't think the "nothing to see here, move along" approach really addresses legitimate network concerns. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:16:42
Do you apply the same scrutiny to all posts, like all the UASF posts that were streaming in daily during the peak of that? As long as your moderation of this type is applied equally to all submissions then it may not be censorship. 
If instead you are paying special attention to posts because they promote a view point you disagree with, or because the posts were reported by people that disagree with it, well that is a different story. 
So do you have an automated system for analyzing the submitter? Is this ad hoc? How did this post come under your attention? 
@_date: 2016-06-15 12:49:00


What if we wanted to build an App Store that takes bitcoin? Virtually all of the purchases there would be $1-$5 . So 40cents is 40% of a $1 purchase. Worse than even what Apple takes away from developers (30%). Sure the buyer would take on this cost but sellers will see far fewer sales than they would with a lower fee, or might have to lower their charge to get the same number of buyers.
@_date: 2016-06-09 01:40:52
Do we know why CoinTelegraph is blocked across reddit? Is it because many people reported it or how does reddit do these things? Has anyone contacted the site (cointelegraph) to see if they know why?
@_date: 2017-01-10 23:00:28
I watched it live. The reporters weren't mean exactly. The story needed a hook and volatility was what they went with (maybe they had already covered the up x% in 2016 thing). I'm guessing the producers gave them this angle to cover so they did. 
Their questions were legitimate but a bit on the ridiculous side considering the number of stocks that fluctuate by double digits every day, yet they rarely question if people should be exiting equities. Anyway I'm generally a fan of A.R.S. (well at least him more than other CNBC folks).
@_date: 2017-01-02 14:10:56


Yes this is by design. The "difficulty" of finding a valid hash adjusts so as to maintain this 10 minute average. In other words as faster and faster mining rigs are brought online the difficulty will adjust (every 2016 blocks ~14days). 
However it is totally normal for blocks occasionally to be found by chance in a very short amount of time ~20 seconds and also normal for it to take a long time ~1hr for a block to be found. But average will be close to 10min.


No, but good question (I think). If you are running your own mining rig, then you'll be hashing using double-sha256(blockheader) and attempting to get a result that meets the current difficulty (a hash that starts with the right number of 0s), but the key here is that blockheader will be unique to you. The transactions in the block include your coinbase transaction, (this is how you get paid for solving a block), and the blockheader includes the merkle root of all the transactions (including that coinbase one). So your merkle root will be different than everyone else's.
Mining pools do this a bit differently I think, [see here maybe]( for details. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:29:55
I wonder if these guys actually own a lot of bitcoin. 
From their stance on Bitcoin Cash it would appear not. After all if the owners of Samourai wallet owned a lot of bitcoin before Aug 1, they would have had a lot of BCH as well which has significant value. So they would want to at least cash that out if they don't believe in the long term value of that chain. Oh but they can't do that using their own wallet. Are they really exporting their keys to Trezor or similar to cash out their BCH?? Or more likely they don't really have much? What is the answer?
@_date: 2017-08-22 18:49:11
Yeah definitely seems like .00144684 was in fees, which is actually like $5.90 in USD not $3.46. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 01:08:45
Maybe you didn't understand the title. The "Citing FUD" part was a reference to content in the report where the analyst actually mentioned "Fear uncertainty and doubt" as a reason the SEC would not approve the ETF. Yes the title was edited to be somewhat more interesting than leading with the word "Needham" which means nothing to anyone here I would bet.
The rest of my title "Probability of Approval for a Bitcoin ETF 'Very Low', says Needham analyst." differs only from the original in explaining who Needham is (he's an analyst). 
I guess the "Citing FUD" part could be confusing to those that didn't click through to see what I'm referencing. Since FUD is a common discussion point on reddit I figured people would be curious and would read this news article. 
@_date: 2017-01-08 21:18:17
There is a malleability issue that LN would like to have solved (I don't recall the details though, I think it is related to keeping a bi-directional channel open indefinitely). However I don't think that effects old school one directional payment channels.
I can create time limited one directional payment channel like the ones described [by 21.co](
Alice can place bitcoins into an output like this: 
    OP_IF
      &lt;Bob's public key&gt; OP_CHECKSIGVERIFY
    OP_ELSE
      &lt;some_unix_timestamp&gt; OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY OP_DROP
    OP_ENDIF
    &lt;Alice's public key&gt; OP_CHECKSIG
Then Alice can send Bob an unlimited number of off chain transactions spending from the above output (this requires 2 signatures if before the timestamp). Bob at anytime can sign one of them and publish it to the blockchain, closing the channel (but typically he would wait till just before the channel timeout. After &lt;some_unix_timestamp&gt; is expired then Alice can send all the original coins back to herself if Bob never closed the channel (refund transaction).
It is hard to see how malleability plays a role here, but if someone knows of an issue, then I'd love to know more about it.
@_date: 2017-08-17 10:58:57


Hmm, from Trezor [page]( 


So I'm not convinced people will have long passphrases. Also passphrase can be retrieved by installing keystroke logger on computer I think:


@_date: 2017-08-31 20:22:43
Well, not sure if your original post was sarcastic or not. 23 cents for 20 min isn't too bad. But people have been complaining about fees for a while. The past few days we've seen some drops in the backlog that let lower fee transactions get through. So that is great. But it isn't necessarily representative of anything. 
@_date: 2016-06-01 23:18:53
 &gt;It's a relatively minor increase in security at the risk of trusting a centralized source.
What is the centralized source? I'm not too familiar with zcash but the paper is titled [Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin]( so it would be sort of surprising if the title was completely misleading. 
Also how is completely masking the sender and receiver a "relatively minor increase in security"?? ( maybe "security" is not the right word, but certainly improves anonymity vastly).
@_date: 2016-06-03 00:19:49
We don't have much privacy at all though do we? If say I purchase coins on Coinbase, then transfer them to my own wallet, future spends from my wallet can easily be tracked back to me by Coinbase or anyone with their logs. I have to go through CoinJoin or other washing techniques to rid myself of taint and it is never really gone.
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:56:22
What does your one data point prove?
@_date: 2017-08-17 10:37:58
At the bottom of the blog post they link to something with text 


They are selling this download for 20btc !! So I think they are claiming to have a 1.5.2 hack different than the one described in the Medium post which has other links for lower amounts of btc like:






Have you or do you plan to investigate this guys 1.5.2 code?
@_date: 2017-01-03 23:14:23
Good to know. Of course dishonest bank employee could make copy of your key before it is handed out. Also lock picking may not be out of the question. 
@_date: 2016-11-14 12:02:16
There are legitimate users who have plenty of intellectual capacity that are waiting for LN and have genuine concerns about it as a solution to scaling. So while there indeed may be "shill accounts" out there, there are also legit people with questions.
@_date: 2017-01-08 18:32:16
In fact "in the context of payment channels" is a great use case for CLTV even without waiting for things like LN or Tumblebit. It is actually pretty surprising that we have almost no wallets or anything that support these "ready now" payment channels.
@_date: 2016-11-19 21:50:47
Well you were active there about a month ago. Did you get banned or is your -100 karma keeping you from replying frequently (a site wide reddit rule which r/btc actually removes for well known bitcoin core devs and some others).
Probably someone reported the post where you said:


ydtm will shoot himself in the head.
Do these sound the same to you? Yes? Well, would you like to borrow a handgun?
@_date: 2016-11-05 12:57:34
Who's they? The player or the SatoshiDice "corp"? If it were one person it looks like a lot of dough.
@_date: 2016-12-09 01:43:49
yeah really, don't bring additional heat on bitcoin from feds just so you can look insightful on tv. Jeesh.  
@_date: 2016-06-07 19:14:20
Since Trezor is hardware, you really have no freaking idea what it is doing. You are trusting that the hardware is doing what was open sourced, but you can't be sure.
@_date: 2016-12-16 21:41:41
The steps you have are close to what I have but with the following differences. One of the benefits of having an embeded sidechain would be to avoid the 100 confirmations. I don't think they are needed because a re-org of the blockchain affects the main block and extension/sidechain block.
Here is what I had outlined previously. I think it is close to your steps but less exact I admit. 
* bitcoins sent to special output indicating coins locked (looks like anyone can spend output to old nodes), and second output of same value on extension block 
* transactions happen on extension block as normal
* going back to main block, bitcoins are sent to special output on extension block which indicates the desired "address" on main block to send coins to. This also effectively burns (locks?) the coins on extension block.
* miners find utxo for any special output from step 1 and create transatcion spending from that to the desired address from previous step. 
There would not be a need for any 100 block confirmations. Just as a re-org for segwit will affect the segwit "extension" a re-org for an embeded sidechain/extension would also effect it as well. This is one of the benefits of the embeded sidechain concept. (edit: repeating myself a bit here)
I also have some additional notes on accounting for coins.
@_date: 2017-01-24 03:22:49
Cloud mining is like a bad loan. Literally.
@_date: 2016-12-15 14:21:21
After silk road shutdown I suspect a lot of the black market use dried up. Of course I'm not really in touch with that side of things, so who knows maybe it is still rampant.
I suspect lots of people are using bitcoin for 'investment' but others for experiment, purchases using purse.io and gyft and other vehicles. Bitpay reported good growth in 2015 so some people are spending coins somewhere.
@_date: 2017-01-03 22:19:55
I wonder if bank employees ever secretly sneak in to safe deposit boxes just for kicks, to see what is in there. Not even sure if they can do this (I seem to remember that if you lose your key they have to drill out the whole box).
@_date: 2016-11-14 04:46:09


Perhaps you are confusing me with someone else. Maybe you were thinking of the time you chimed in on a discussion I was having about censorship. And you told me to go fuck myself because you got banned from r/btc for making comments about someone molesting their sister. Classy as usual. You call that correcting? Your attitude would get you banned from most online forums.


I copied and pasted some source code which was completely relevant to the conversation. Would you like me to explain it to you?
I'm really not sure what the problem is except for you keep calling me a liar and claim I'm misquoting people (did you actually find a misquote?). When speaking of softforks and hard forks there will of course be different definitions of terms based on what perspective you are taking (old vs new) . Strangely I don't think there is actually any disagreement between you and I as to what is happening technically. For some reason you just threw a hissy fit when I said "primary block". You then proceeded to call me a liar multiple times with no evidence. And you basically agree that the "whole transaction" is not delivered to old nodes. That was actually my point to Luke about transaction thinning. Yes I did not say "from the perspective of non-upgraded nodes", which might have been clearer.


Honestly don't remember you making any points, but glad to know you feel better. 


There is no misunderstanding at all technically on my part, but maybe on yours. It is hard to tell between all the insults. On the other hand there seems to be disagreement on language here. 


I didn't quote there, I paraphrased his exact quote was:


Now yours:


Basically the no true scotsman argument as I cited previously.


It is likely an impossibility that 100% of everyone involved with bitcoin goes along with a hard fork. And thus by your rules it is not a hard fork. So basically you are saying that hard forks don't really exist and are impossible. Which is fine, that was my original point really, that any hard fork in the usual sense (which will always have &lt;100% participation) would be considered an "altcoin" and thus is not permissible for discussion on r/bitcoin. That is how this whole discussion started.
I'm not really sure what your outrage is all about. Clearly you see that there are different points of view when discussing hard forks and soft forks for that matter. You must by now start to understand that blindly throwing out language like "By definition, any hardfork would be Bitcoin" is likely to lead to vast confusion. Luke should have just agreed with me when I said "therefore any discussion of hard fork is not allowed.", or he could have said something like "**True** hard forks require 100% participation, so any attempted hard fork would almost certainly be an altcoin and thus not suitable for discussion". 
@_date: 2016-12-06 22:55:29
IRS asking Coinbase to give them all the transactions of all people or something like that. A hunt for tax dodgers. Coinbase is fighting it though. 
@_date: 2016-12-16 03:11:46


I think what I'm proposing is quite similar to a segwit type soft fork in its security. Obviously the devil is in the details so maybe I'm missing something fundamental that you're familiar with and can see straight off. I will admit I've only done a rough sketch of this so far.
* 95% of miners needed for soft fork activation (usual deal here).
* old nodes would not see any extension transactions, except for the locking transaction that is done when going from old to new (which would look like anyone can spend output)
* No validity rules are lessened on part of blocks seen by old nodes, so any block that an old node rejects a new node would also reject (new nodes see old block data and extension block data). However new nodes might reject blocks that old nodes would accept because new nodes have additional rules.
* there is no "sidechain" per se, just like segwit, some nodes see more data than other nodes, here however, instead of just signature data, it is the entire transaction that is shifted.
* new nodes can send their extension coins back to the old block using sidechain like semantics (this part is not fully worked, out but, they lock/burn coins in extension block and also indicate desired payment address on main block)
* coming back to old block the set of UTXO locked coins from 2nd step above is used to pay desired address on main block (miners might do this step, unsure).
Hope that explains it a bit. Maybe I'm not thinking straight, but it seems to have soft fork security, and sidechain semantics enforced by 95% of miners. I'll take a look at tree chains though to see if I can match it up with anything in my head.
@_date: 2016-11-22 23:08:19
Jameson Lopp: [I've yet to see any indications that current txn backlog is a spam attack. Fees look fairly evenly distributed.](
@_date: 2016-12-27 23:06:11
This is the problem. People take "digital gold" too seriously. Gold sucks actually. I don't have any, I can't use it anywhere. Gold is heavy and slow to move around. Bitcoin is **digital** gold, the emphasis is important. This means it can be much better than gold.
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:34:11
Dude, everyone stores some coins on mobile. I don't have much there but by not much I mean like like .194 BTC which used to be like $50, but is now ~$850 
Presumably the developers/owners of Samouri wallet actually eat their own dog food and actually store some value on their own freaking wallet.
By the way what difference does it make? So they use some other wallet and they rely on those developers implementing bitcoin cash, but they won't do that for their 1000s of customers? That seems like total bullshit to me. Either they don't own bitcoin, or they just don't care about money (maybe rich already).
edit: or they just don't care about their customers. It might make sense if there was no market for a fork, but once a market develops and you don't update, you are locking peoples coins up and forcing them to jump through hoops to get access (hoops they presumably wanted to avoid by downloading and using a simple mobile wallet). This will lead to lost and/or unused funds.
@_date: 2016-11-12 03:49:44


Well then you disagree with many Core developers on that point. 


No, it is transaction size shrinking really. And border line evil softfork. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 15:10:31
Hmm, not sure what point there is to relay potentially invalid transactions or blocks, so consensus is always needed. Right now in the bitcoin ecosystem we have perhaps millions of light client wallets so I would think that relay nodes service these and are therefore important. They also do relay to wallet-nodes and "API nodes" and "economic nodes" (coinbase, bitpay, etc), so I would think there is value in having enough honest relaying nodes around to correctly pass validated transactions or blocks to those nodes.
@_date: 2016-11-07 12:03:41
A software improvement (think p2sh, segwit, etc) delivered with phase 1 or during waiting period between phase 1 and phase 2  would ensure the economic nodes upgrade. This would reduce risk of your point 1) above and also make 2) more difficult. 
Also for point 2) it only makes sense to do this if your group of false signalers know they are more than 50%. If that is the case it would be easier not to signal for phase 1 unless your plan is to trick the other miners into forking off the network.
@_date: 2017-08-20 17:34:15
I'm sorry I don't understand. Like literally I don't get this last reply. Can you say in some other words? Yes I understand you are no longer neutral. My thought to you was, maybe you shouldn't judge a community on the thoughts of a couple of loud voices. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 14:48:36


Please remember that **I am the guy** that sought to explain the history of events surrounding the banning of nullc. [Here is the link to what I wrote]( and I wait to hear either what is not factual about it let alone lying. 
It was nullc who falsely accused me of saying he fabricated a screenshot, to this day I have **no idea what he was talking about**. I understand that here on reddit we read things quickly and false impressions can be made, but at least when someone calls you out and says WTF are you talking about, you should respond.
When specifically asked to name one thing that was non factual and to comment on this weird image fabrication comment, nullc's response was to comment that [my **bold** key was glitching]( 


Since sees hashcash as basically everything, and that bitcoin is just hashcash with inflation control, then he sees anything that attempts to correct this or even discuss it openly as an attack on his hero. He cannot discuss it rationally.


I did write one comment I regret. I immediately copped to it unlike some others. At the [end of a comment]( I wrote one sentence "Back really should have cited their paper in his work." which I should not have wrote. As I said I copped to this mistake immediately. Back does cite Dwork and Naor in his 5 year follow up papers, and mentions them prominently at the beginning of the paper. He did not to my knowledge originally mention them at the conception of hashcash (I will take it on faith that he did not know about their work at the time, the intenet was not as good then).
Edit: "But he hates Adam Back and Greg Maxwell." Nope wrong again. I have absolutely nothing against Adam Back. I think hashcash PoW (not hashcash itself) was a key ingredient to the creation of bitcoin. When I've heard him speak he seems honest, rational, intelligent. My thoughts on Greg Maxwell are more complex. He is probably a brilliant cryptographer (I say probably because I am not one myself, so how would I know) and has contributed a ton to bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general. His reddit persona though is, well a bit out there.
@_date: 2016-11-13 23:16:16
Ok, yeah but that is not what people are really waiting for and is why the so called "shill accounts" are asking for answers. There are actual legitimate bitcoin users that are waiting and waiting for LN to actually materialize. From the sounds of it, the routing problems is till the main issue. I wish they would launch something even with imperfect routing.
@_date: 2016-12-12 01:52:44
they could easily release code that doesn't activate for many blocks (possibly years) and requires not only miner votes of 99% but possibly some other signaling from nodes or economic nodes (of course this 'other' signaling is easier said than done).
@_date: 2016-12-24 15:51:13
Very cool, although I'd love to see a "magic internet money" design that wasn't about joining reddit. I mean "join us" the bitcoin movement, makes more sense to me.
@_date: 2016-11-25 03:44:53
I think people wanted to leave East Germany for reasons [described here]( like not being able to buy stuff you need, having children just so you can get housing, have to join the FDJ to get decent job or education, riddled with secret police, etc. 
They didn't want to leave to go sight seeing in Paris, you are right about that. They wanted to leave because it basically sucked, in a lot of ways. 
So sorry, analogy is totally off. I'm not buying this "sheer possibility" stuff for running nodes. Let's ask when it is important to run your own node, what is the security trade off, should it come for free, or might paying a bit extra for a larger hard drive be the price you have to pay for more security?
@_date: 2016-11-22 02:38:39


Well there is the whole thing about validating. I think your post discussed that somewhat. Soft forks leave un-upgraded nodes thinking they are fully validating, but in fact they are essentially tricked into giving their stamp of approval on transactions they don't really understand. Not to mention the role miners play in soft forks.
Maybe we shouldn't be so convinced that soft forking to a state that earlier nodes have no clue about is any better than a hard fork, and possibly worse.
@_date: 2016-11-07 19:53:08
It is not just you. Perhaps we should hold a contest? 
@_date: 2016-11-21 03:28:19
When upgraded nodes send block data to old nodes they will strip out the signature data from transactions making them smaller. These old nodes can still only take 1mb of data for a block, and the only way to make them get all the transactions is to strip some of the data from them. So it is definitely making transactions smaller for those old nodes.
When new nodes send the block data to other new nodes it sends the full transaction with the signature data. So they see a larger than 1mb block and transactions aren't any smaller (possibly larger).
I think the code is here (from main.cpp):
      if (inv.type == MSG_BLOCK)
                        connman.PushMessageWithFlag(pfrom, SERIALIZE_TRANSACTION_NO_WITNESS, NetMsgType::BLOCK, block);
                    else if (inv.type == MSG_WITNESS_BLOCK)
                        connman.PushMessage(pfrom, NetMsgType::BLOCK, block);
That shows 2 possible responses to a getdata message (there are other responses as well). In the first case "MSG_BLOCK" it sends the block with transactions that have the witness data removed, in the second case "MSG_WITNESS_BLOCK" does not remove that data.
Edit: Of course in both cases more transactions are sent than would be possible today. From the old nodes perspective it looks like transactions got smaller but there are more of them in the block. From new nodes perspective, there are more transactions and blocks are bigger.
@_date: 2016-11-20 22:47:16
Yeah, I'm probably just freaking, a bit.
@_date: 2016-11-19 15:09:17
Yes but let's not perpetuate the wrong accounting indicated in the cost basis report.
@_date: 2016-12-17 21:11:38
Is that image from a public tweet of his? I don't see it.
@_date: 2016-12-05 11:48:29
Sure. First off the transactions need to get transmitted to the bitcoin network (or directly to a mining node) to get added to the blockchain. 
If the transaction is invalid (maybe it tries to spend bitcoins that were already spent) then it won't get added to the blockchain. So that is one reason a transaction won't make it to the blockchain.
If it pays too low a fee then it might not propagate around the bitcoin network or the mining node that receives it might not add it to the block they are mining. Even low or zero fee transactions can still get added but this becomes less likely in times when there are lots of other higher fee transactions available. 
It is perfectly possible to have a transaction that is never transmitted that is purposely held for one reason or another, and then discarded in some cases. This is common in things like payment channels.
@_date: 2016-11-24 18:40:08


Yeah, so basically what I said here:


So that is certainly one viewpoint, it is an extreme one that even Satoshi didn't think we would need. It means that currently there are only ~5000 users in the entire bitcoin space using it the way you envision. 
@_date: 2016-12-17 13:57:54
I thought the ban came from later in that discussion thread when you presented some identifying information about someone else.
my understanding: original comment, which for some seconds was not a commit message but soon edited to be that form, was deleted by mod and you were told not to post emails, you then posted a link to an image with the commit message showing the email still, original comment was restored by mod who determined that email was for a public figure, some more 'discussion' between you and mod took place and (this part **is unclear** as it was deleted) some other identifying information about a separate individual was linked to or commented on, then rbtc mod BitcoinXio [gave you a one day ban]( then at some time later either because rbtc mod reported you to reddit admins or maybe rbtc users did, reddit admins gave you a ban of unknown length (which you say was permanent but was unclear at the time).
Sorry to drag this out so much, but if it is going to be part of a continuing theme of commenting on r/btc then I'd like to have the history correct. As I said the above is my understanding of events. Let me know what is incorrect. It was unclear really whether the r/btc 1 day ban (according to them) was for posting the email address in the first comment or for later actions (posting the image link, or posting or linking to info on this 2nd individual). 
@_date: 2016-12-15 02:47:11
The transcription is a bit off here. 
I think Roger said:




paging maybe you can verify my correction.
@_date: 2016-12-07 21:45:58


Fascinating that you would respond this way (although I'm honestly not too surprised). A person makes every attempt to provide a factual account to the swath of reddit readers so that they can at least start with something reasonable (a basic accounting of what occurred) and make comments on or corrections to that as they see fit, and your response is to falsely accuse me and call it especially 'low' of me.
My [comment]( got a large number of upvotes , currently (might go down now) 102 (for me that is a lot) which I discount **somewhat** as any brigading because why would any r/btc person upvote a post calling their own post **"inaccurate and FUD"**. For me this tells me that the community thought the post was informative and non-biased. Maybe I read too much into that, certainly votes can be manipulated and are which is unfortunate.
I did my best to provide a factual account. In fact I did provide a factual account to the best of my knowledge.  **You have in fact failed to cite anything incorrect about it so far**.
I did not accuse you of 'of fabricating the screenshot'. Where did I do that? You did post a screenshot did you not, that still contained Gavin's email address?  I clicked on an image link and saw it. It was BitcoinXio that said "I guess it didn't stop you from being an asshat though and posting a screen shot of the email. " and you also commented "It's not posted here, it's posted on my site.". 
**Where did I say you fabricated anything?**
What I did say is that unreddit showed your original comment not as a git~~hub~~ commit message, but as a regular comment that contained Gavin's email address. I called this out because later you would go on to make statements the gist of which was that all you did was post a commit message. Like that should make everything all cool and isn't r/btc awful for removing a commit message.


I cannot know the timing of when you edited the original message, or did not know the timing when I made that accounting. **In my comment I called this out specifically**:


and then here


Which as I understand it is 100% accurate. Where did I get it wrong? **What one thing is incorrect**?
@_date: 2016-11-12 13:27:06
I think he was generally trying to solve the problem of mining centralization and the dangers that can bring. Did he have the answer, no. I don't think even he would claim he did.
Some do not think that mining centralization is a problem, but for those that do, it is useful to try to find solutions to that problem.
@_date: 2016-11-12 19:41:13


This from the person that calls people that have committed no lies "a deceitful lying weasel".


Just flat out bullshit, as it is me doing the explaining to you. 
If you bothered to read the thread, I was not concern trolling or "FUDing". I'm sorry if I don't fit into your neat box of what a "big blocker" is. You might want to find a more ignorant person to troll.
My comments in this thread started with a remark to luke-jr where he said:


Which is fairly obvious trolling I suppose. I replied to him that hard fork alternatives are not "bitcoin" and thus not allowed in this sub. Surprisingly Luke responded that he thought **all hard forks are in fact bitcoin**. Not many core devs hold the view that I could fork off with different PoW, 42 million limit instead of 21, change the difficulty, blocksize, etc and still be "bitcoin". Maybe he meant to say that any hard fork that got "overwhelming consensus" would still be "bitcoin" but he did not say that. It has been a common thing to call alternative implementations like XT, Classic, BU "altcoins" so either Luke was again trolling (probably) or he just holds a different view point than other prominent core devs.
Luke then said:


To which I responded:


My point being, that what enables us to get more transactions into the block as seen by all nodes is that the witness data is removed and **transactions as seen by non-upgraded nodes are smaller**. In fact after segwit, non-updated nodes will likely stop seeing blocksizes above ~750kb (from their point of view) even though those blocks are "maxed out" from the point of view of upgraded nodes. So "the block" is certainly not bigger. What is bigger of course is the block+witness data or "new block" if you want. Luke of course knows all this, so I'm not sure why he bothered with his comments (oh yeah, trolling). As for my "borderline evil softfork", well it does not go as far as a true "evil softfork" that would move all transaction data to a bitcoin 2.0 block. But it does remove what is needed for true validation (namely the signature data) to a separate chunk of data unseen by these non-upgraded nodes. Hence "borderline evil". Obviously you know I'm not the only one who feels this way.
Strangely Luke commented back:


Again I think he is just trolling, or I guess arguing semantics if you want to give him the benefit of the doubt. Regardless my comment back to him for some reason set you off in **hysterics** because I used the term "primary" block. Oh man what a word. What "concern trolling" and FUD did I just unleash upon the world with my completely accurate statement that segwit moves parts of transactions elsewhere (again for the slow ones here, that means not transmitting the signature data in the transaction, edit: to old nodes). 
Now I hope you feel good about calling me a liar. It must because you seem to do it fairly often. Perhaps you feel justified that you can do that to anyone who fits into your "box". Please try to grow up.
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:35:42
You might want to at least prove that I said something incorrect, and then, well show that I said it knowing it was incorrect. But by all means, no make sharp quips that are funny and cute instead.
@_date: 2016-12-05 22:58:26
Best to voluntarily report than to have this stuff catch up with you. But to each his own.
@_date: 2016-12-16 11:56:31


Not that I could find but please link if needed. Someone else [referenced this above]( but I could only find the one paragraph in that post describing it, and it doesn't mention the concept of old vs new nodes (in fact says all nodes must be on the new software). What I'm describing allows, just like all soft forks, for some nodes to not upgrade their software and have no chance of losing coins or missing transactions that are sent to them. It allows nodes on the new software to send coins to nodes on the old software, and for old nodes to send coins to new nodes as well (this is the sidechain functionality).
Anyway if we are on a similar page here, that is great, I've never expected that my proposal is entirely new since so many ideas have come up over the years. 


How this is any different than a segwit type soft-fork (and p2sh fork as well)? If you think segwit carries this risk then ok, yes all soft forks carry some risk. I am not attempting to redefine the security around soft forks. Certainly the entire idea of doing an "embeded sidechain" (I think it is more descriptive than "bitcoin-security sidechain"), or really any soft fork, is the hope and expectation that the majority of nodes will upgrade because the new software has beneficial features, and there is the expectation that miners will not revert. However there no requirement that all that all nodes upgrade (that would be  more like the requirement for a successful hard fork). 


Agreed, but "almost all" while a goal, is not a requirement that this be immediate. After p2sh activated what % of nodes were on older versions? [How many still are]( I would expect similar activation on an embeded sidechain soft fork. 
I think there are still some technical issues with what I have in mind that would need to be worked out. Certainly things like how to make the old block 'commit' to the new block data would have to be done similar to segwit where a second merkle tree root is stuffed in somewhere (and segwit may make this harder to do for other changes).
@_date: 2016-12-25 15:14:31
I think Googling "bitcoin" does a pretty good job. I support art that promotes Bitcoin, not art that is an ad for reddit.
@_date: 2016-11-19 15:20:31
Thanks that was helpful. Clearly a transfer of bitcoins to your own wallet would at worst be considered a like kind exchange and no gains are realized. 
Terrible note on miners though, that post indicated they would have to pay tax  on mined bitcoins even if never sold. But I guess that is a separate topic.
@_date: 2016-11-13 19:08:23
If by definition everything discussed here is "still Bitcoin" then of course we can discuss alternatives to Core here which are still "Bitcoin". It is of course a useless argument. "Plenty of **true** Bitcoin core alternatives can be discussed here" is not the same as saying "Plenty of Bitcoin core alternatives can be discussed here". When what is "true" is determined by the mods.


I stand waiting to be corrected. If I misquoted him, show me. If I misunderstood, explain. It is certainly possible I didn't understand his intent as I found it an odd statement. Still he does I think seek to redefine things a bit. If you see our discussion of Segwit in this thread you'll see he tries to correct me from calling it "transaction shrinking" when in fact from the point of view of old nodes, that is exactly what it does. That he is talking about communication between upgraded nodes is unclear and perhaps what he meant in that discussion. Eventually he clarified his position which of course I knew he understood all the time. I called his some of his statements trolling because I believe he is sometimes purposely opaque and makes short inflammatory statements that he simply has to know will cause a "rise" in others. 
If of course he means "all **true** hardforks are still bitcoin", then that is just a repeat of the No true Scotsman argument.


I stand waiting to be corrected on any facts. Perhaps you don't know the meaning of the word "troll"? You hurl insults and say I should go back and re-read. Sometimes ideas are difficult to convey. This is a discussion, not an insult platform. Try to make an argument. Show a fact, explain an idea. Not with harsh words but with clear explanation. 


The whole block is not delivered to old nodes as per Luke himself. "Old nodes don't get the complete block anymore".


You have not shown this in any way yet and leads me to think your only purpose is to hurl insults.
@_date: 2017-08-21 00:06:35
Why reduce the number of chains you can spend on? 
If you had BTC on Aug 1 you now have BCH and BTC. If you do nothing, you'll have BCH, BTC and B2X. Now we don't know if BTC and B2X will both survive maybe B2X becomes dominant and that is just BTC. It is unclear. 
Anyway 3 chains better than 2. HODL.
@_date: 2016-11-21 11:28:47
I'm guessing they will go for a block size increase soft fork with extension block as a sort of built in side chain.
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:01:17
Just tried to withdraw and got message "your withdrawal has been added to the queue, blah blah 24 hours" or something. Only $15 (from a deposit 2 years ago), but hope I get it back.
Edit: Ok, it finally came through, whew.
@_date: 2016-12-15 20:09:04
He mentioned sidechains and extension blocks but not an extension block that IS a sidechain.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:14:25


[Here is what I see in unreddit]( I edited that image to blank out Gavin's email. You can view it yourself on unreddit by changing this [link to point]( to unreddit. 
So unless unreddit is wrong (possible but no evidence), then you're completely full of shit saying that "it was a commit message all along". 
Now look maybe you posted 2 messages, one a git commit, and then this other message, and somehow unreddit isn't displaying that history. And maybe you edited your original message very quickly to change it to a commit message and for some reason you think that that equates to "it was a commit message all along".
If you dispute what unreddit shows or somehow think that it is hiding your original somehow or I linked to it incorrectly, etc, then say that. Don't call me a liar and shit post.
@_date: 2017-01-18 12:43:25


Yes that is a good point, no doubt. My first glance at TeeChan did not reveal this aspect of it, but I saw the other day that this is required. It certainly makes the concept less attractive.


Hmm, not sure I'm with you there. Most hardware wallets today are manufactured (well, assembled from component parts) by the same company writing the firmware. Even if they were manufactured separately, I would have to trust that both parties didn't install something evil. The hardware does have your private keys. The hardware manufacturer can build their hw to make these accessible, and could install firmware that can't be overwritten. AFIK there is nothing in the hardware of the Trezor for example that prevents the software/firmware from reading and transmitting the private keys. 
My point is that, HW wallets are an example where perhaps wrongly we have given a ton of trust. With TeeChan we must ask, is it possible for someone to create hardware/firmware where (at minimum):
* it is impossible to alter the system without detection by other systems interacting with it
* it is impossible to extract data (like private keys) from the system even through hardware hacks (side channel attacks, etc).
I don't know if that is possible or not, but still interesting to explore.
@_date: 2016-11-10 12:06:49
Million dollar grant fund sounds good. 


announce the creation of a one million dollar grant fund for Bitcoin protocol development
through various development teams.
@_date: 2016-12-02 12:32:38
Well you could be any receiver of an output of the transaction and do this. So either the sender who gets a change output or the person you are sending the tx to, who gets the 'primary' output.
@_date: 2016-11-07 04:44:19
Following the hypothetical of a Gov. controlled Bitcoin core, it might also make sense (assuming one isn't into morals and all that) to subvert alternative implementations that where Core based as well, as long as the "blame" for their failure was clear (bad implementation, bad developers, bad alt-crypto). Otherwise an alternative like Bitcoin Unlimited for example could upset the Gov. Control.
So why focus on only ground-up alternatives? Or was it just too dark even for you to suggest subverting something based on the original code?
@_date: 2016-12-06 22:52:51
I would have liked to hear more about sidechains and extension blocks (solutions) rather than list of problems of hard forks.
In fact it seems increasingly likely to me that we will increase block size via an extension block soft fork that also has sidechain like features (or perhaps is in many ways an 'embedded sidechain'). So this could be an extension block such that the current block still exists largely as is, but with newer wallets/nodes sending each other transactions that are completely invisible to older nodes/wallets. Then there could be a mechanism to come back to the old block if you had to pay an older wallet. So that is more like a sidechain type feature. This way you can always pay someone even if they haven't updated their node and they'll see that transaction, but transactions between newer nodes happen in the extension.
@_date: 2016-12-05 11:37:48
If you bought bitcoins for $1000 then later those bitcoins appreciated in price and were able to buy you a house on the market for $300000, then you would owe capital gains tax on the $299000 (300000-1000) gain.
@_date: 2016-12-15 02:51:56


Where is the malicious intent or attempt to disrupt? If you could quote that would be great. What makes it malicious in your opinion? 
@_date: 2016-12-15 20:09:37
I'm talking about an extension block that functions as a sidechain. It is part of bitcoin, not separate.
@_date: 2016-12-26 00:35:59
This is cool, but I would have been a lot more excited if she said he was using bitcoin for purchases, etc. At some point we have to exit this speculation phase.
@_date: 2016-12-15 23:23:11
All that says is 


Which is not what my concept involves. Certainly "all full nodes must also be full nodes on the sidechain" is not what I'm talking about, but rather all full nodes that want to use the sidechain would have to upgrade to the latest version of bitcoin (that includes the extension block sidechain code), and miners would have to soft-fork in the change of course.
Anyway maybe you can chime in to see if I'm talking about something that has already been proposed. I'd love to hear more about it if it has been discussed or see what people think of my idea.
@_date: 2016-11-24 15:20:30
It might be good to know how many fully validating nodes we actually need before we start worrying about node levels dropping. 
If the thought is that we need a one-to-one ratio of fully validating nodes to bitcoin users (some people think this is the only way to go), then well, we are **quite** a long ways off already. By holding block size small and letting technology advance, we might be able to get there eventually. I think some people have tried doing this on mobile already and likely in 2-10 years with improvements on mobile hardware and infrastructure it could be no brainer. 
On the other hand, if we stay with the SPV model for most users, then how many fully validating nodes do we need to support a given user base? 
@_date: 2016-11-19 15:48:10
If you want to be unbanned let me know. I've gotten people unbanned before by simply messaging the mods (or you could do this yourself). If you don't make the attempt, then using "permanently banned" seems a bit disingenuous.
@_date: 2016-12-07 01:40:41
Well the point is that not everyone wants what you want, so soft fork extension block with side chain properties is path that can get consensus from those that care and can be ignored by those that don't. Think of the old block as like a minority chain that doesn't want to upgrade, but without the problems that causes.
@_date: 2016-11-12 03:30:12
 By definition (not mine) any hard fork is not bitcoin, any block size increase will be a hard fork (or evil soft fork) therefore any block size increase is not bitcoin, therefore any discussion of hard fork is not allowed.
@_date: 2016-11-19 02:44:08
The problem is that Coinbase may report any **transfer** of bitcoins as "Selling" when in fact all you did was move the bitcoins to your own wallet. Some of their reports (Cost Basis report) indicate that they consider any transfer a sale. This would give IRS completely wrong information.
@_date: 2016-11-19 02:45:24
Coinbase might indicate to IRS that when you transferred coins to your own wallet, that that was a sale. This is my fear. Of course it is not a sale, but convincing IRS of this would not be fun.
@_date: 2016-11-13 15:02:48
People can watch netflix all day and night. What are current node bandwidth requirements for 1 month? Upload might be limited for some people but they can reduce traffic using [some recommended settings]( 
@_date: 2016-11-12 03:27:10


Also previously:


@_date: 2016-11-12 13:22:08
Segwit makes the transactions in the "primary" block smaller by moving parts of those txs elsewhere. It does not make "the block" bigger as "the block" has a 1mb limit still.
But keep trying to create your own language. It makes you seem really smart.
@_date: 2016-11-05 00:18:28
Wait, what is that current bankroll of $2.5 million dollars? is that the current jackpot amount or something? What's the maximum win?
@_date: 2016-11-13 03:27:35
Yes. It is mostly semantics at this point.


Hence why I said "transaction shrinking" above. It is part of the transaction data that is removed when sending to old nodes. But new nodes can send new nodes whatever, no need to strip anything. So yes that "new block" gets larger (nothing is stripped and more transactions are included).
Old vs new.
@_date: 2016-11-14 13:18:53
Yeah I mentioned I read some definitions already. [This one though does a pretty good job]( It draws the distinction between currency held by banks in reserve or on deposit with the Federal Reserve and the money in customer deposit accounts.
Edit: [this one]( is also good:


@_date: 2016-11-11 01:15:05
Hmm, well "Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted." So I guess this post should be removed. 
Softforks do not require any consensus from non-miner nodes, yet they essentially make new rules we can never deviate from.
@_date: 2018-06-07 10:44:28


I don't know if this is true anymore.  EOS\-Owner probably has more at this point. Not a good thing for Eth really, but just sayin. Foundation had 800k eth last year, I think less now.


Technically it is an open source project like Bitcoin right?


See previous point about ownership, but of course you know this is not the motivation behind POS right? But yes it is a flaw regardless of motivation, agreed.
@_date: 2016-11-12 22:27:10
So you're going to send 4mb blocks to un-upgraded nodes? That doesn't seem wise. 
I would have thought code like 


(block message in response to getdata) Might actually do what is indicated and serialize the block without the witness. But that is just a quick scan of the code. So please enlighten me.
@_date: 2016-12-02 13:24:32
Seemed like there was some evidence but not conclusive (or at least they didn't present enough info for that). 
For example they talk about a spike in 17 output transactions but don't mention if they analyzed for all output counts (2 output txs, 3 output txs, 4 and so on). It is also possible that there is some service like a coin mixing service or tool that would produce a lot of transactions with the same number of outputs.
@_date: 2016-12-05 12:04:51
Well I'm not sure what the activation code for this HF would look like ( I have not examined it, if it exists). **Presumably** it requires at least 95% miner signaling but also I would expect some way to ensure other economic nodes and relay nodes have signaled support as well. With those things in place (if they are there in the code) one could argue that because it requires all that support for activation it meets the criteria (see side bar) of having "overwhelming consensus".
Still as we've seen (like in Ethereum) any HF will have some group in disagreement. So the "overwhelming consensus" model for approving discussions is inherently flawed. It sets arbitrary rules (95% ? vs 94% ?) and has no way to define what "overwhelming" means. So ultimately r/bitcoin should modify its rules to clarify what they mean by those terms.
@_date: 2016-12-19 13:24:54
Look at the OPs post. 
Loss of VPS servers = gain of decentralization because VPS servers are not very decentralized.
When you go from 100GB storage to 101 GB storage on a VPS it can double your monthly cost because they have plans that work that way (e.g Linode has a 96GB plan for $40/month and 192GB for $80/month). At home, at worst you go out and buy a bigger drive at a one time cost.
So larger blockchain can (to some degree) get people off of VPS nodes but doesn't increase your costs of running at home by as large a factor, making this option more attractive. 
Just as we don't want all the mining to be controlled by 7 mining pools, we don't want all the nodes run by 7 VPS companies.
@_date: 2019-08-19 03:27:17
How do you know someone didn't physically get ahold of your paper wallet to get the key? 
Not that I believe this is what happened. You may have visited the wrong site (similar domain, meant to trick), or maybe as some suggested malware was already on your machine and recorded the info, or the original site was built to generate keys that the site owner would have access to. 
Ruling out that someone might have gotten physical access should be done though just to be sure.
@_date: 2016-11-11 01:11:57


see above.
@_date: 2016-12-02 13:02:58
Translation:  
* "bitcoin-as-digital-gold" means "bitcoin not useable much for payments at scale, but something that is a good store of value and lets the blockchain be used as a base that other more high volume systems can be built off of".
* "bitcoin blockchain.. high-volume payment method" means "bitcoin blockchain doesn't need other systems built on top of it, bitcoin can be used like a regular currency and the blockchain should scale to meet those demands to hold those transactions".
@_date: 2016-12-31 21:24:11


Not everyone is trying to discredit your hero, some of us just see things differently. Dwork and Naor did refer to a pricing authority but this can just be implemented as "run this particular software with this pricing function". Every email server (this was also originally a spam prevention technique) and client can just use that software, no different than hashcash or bitcoin software is used to make sure that participants are all doing the same thing. Any email server could in fact choose its own pricing function and just publish to clients what that is so they would know the requirements for sending to that server. I see it as no more centrally controlled than bitcoin in this regard. 
As for much more convoluted, I do agree that the hashcash pow is far simpler. In fact it is his choice of pricing function / PoW that made his work easily graspable and easy to implement, and why he deserves some credit here. Dwork and Naor also had this concept of the shortcut to make it easy for certain entities to have a way to bypass the difficult proof of work and have a simpler way to satisfy the server, which is not needed for bitcoin of course.
Hashcash was important in defining a good PoW function and seeing this as a way of Minting tokens. But it lacked many other important bitcoin features. In fact it had no concept of a blockchain and instead proposed using a database (centralized, for each email server) to determine if tokens had been spent or not. There was no notion of transactions per se or signatures to determine ownership and transference. There was no script language. Please correct me if I'm mistaken.
Wei-Dai's B-Money (1998) also described using a computational problem to mint tokens : 


But Wei Dai discussed other important features too like broadcasting transactions, transferring of money, contracts, etc.
It seems clear to me at least that it was a combination of these ideas, hashcash pow, b-money, and other discussions that lead to bitcoin. Hashcash PoW (not hashcash itself with a database for double spends, lack of transactions, lack of blockchain, lack of contracts) is a key piece but only a piece of the puzzle. To suggest beyond that goes too far.
@_date: 2016-12-05 21:05:02
Well they are in complete control of the content for a subreddit and just guessing but they might have more influence over reddit site wide admins than just a casual reddit user. So yeah, argue away, get banned, complain, get attention.
@_date: 2016-11-07 19:04:36
Yeah I've seen this claim before but I'm not exactly sure why this would be the case. Either we know what has to be done for transaction and block validation or we don't. If we don't know then, well that is sorta bad overall and means nobody knows what bitcoin is. If we know, then those same steps can be done in alternate implementation.
Certainly some components like libsecp256k1 would be unwise to try to re-implement. However Bitcoin core contains lots of code that it would seem would be fairly trivial to implement in another language. 
Why specifically do you think I can't validate a transaction or a block in an alternate implementation (written from scratch) that is 100% compatible with current consensus rules?
@_date: 2016-12-24 17:56:46
awesome. thanx.
@_date: 2016-12-08 01:44:24


Yes I do have a habit of feeding the trolls. Shame on me.
@_date: 2016-11-19 15:48:35
Then you got unbbanned right?
@_date: 2016-11-09 00:03:06
Sadly the code comments are virtually non-existent, which is pretty sad.
@_date: 2016-12-20 16:38:28
Indeed I do understand why the anti-doxxing rule exists which is why I thought this post violated it.
Your simple test is contrived but the post clearly fails item 1. The article says essentially, hey here's where you can see this persons domain registration info, and oh isn't that funny they didn't mask that better. Do they directly encourage people by saying "hey, click this link to find out more information about this person", no, but really almost that bad.
Indirectly it violates item 2. Does it directly say "go try to hack this email address"? No. Was it posted to expose negative information about a person that will likely have a negative response from some,  which could lead a small percentage to do bad things? Yes.
Maybe we can get reddit admins to weigh in on this. I'll reach out to them to get clarification on whether this kind of post would be considered doxxing or not.
@_date: 2016-12-15 03:15:44
yeah better. 
I also discovered you can actually slow down youtube to like 1/2 speed. Which is cool for doing transcripts when you can't type as fast as kanzure. I've only used it at like 2x speed before to make shit go faster.
@_date: 2016-12-17 19:15:52
was that your phone the chat was on, or whose?
@_date: 2016-11-27 17:01:08
So are today's lightweight clients more secure or less secure that what was described in Whitepaper, and why?
Why do people continually say that no wallet implements SPV properly? 
What light clients have you help build or built yourself (or would that be doxxing yourself?)?
@_date: 2016-11-27 15:27:55


I keep hearing that no SPV wallets exist as envisioned in the whitepaper, but rarely does anyone say why (what is missing) or if we should do something to change that. If SPV as envisioned in the paper is not currently possible, then should we change something in the protocol to make it possible? 
I guess no one is doing this step:


protect against this would be to accept alerts from network nodes when they detect an invalid
block, prompting the user's software to download the full block and alerted transactions to
confirm the inconsistency. 
Other than that what aren't SPV wallets doing that they should be doing, that is possible today or tomorrow?
@_date: 2016-12-02 13:28:28
I had the same concern, but I think we are probably panicking a bit too much. I would be much happier though if I saw Coinbase stop characterizing anything as a "sale" unless someone sold bitcoin for $ (or another crypto) on Coinbase. Transfers of bitcoin out of Coinbase should be listed as "transfers" or "moves" or "spend/transfer" maybe.
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:18:21
The bigger issue in my mind is how you are reporting transfer of bitcoin to another address (e.g. out of Coinbase). 
In your Cost Basis reports you list transfers as "Sells" and show columns like "Gains / Losses" with a "Short / Long Term Capital Gains" for these transactions which are us merely moving the coins out of coinbase.  The IRS is likely to take this to mean that we actually sold bitcoin for $, when in fact we just moved the coins. 
That is the real issue for me (obviously people that convert bitcoin back to $ on coinbase have different concerns, but I have never done that, only transferred to my own wallet). 
Can you speak to this issue, and why your Cost Basis report shows transfers as "Sells" and shows a Gain / Loss for those? Those are unrealized Gains/Loses not realized.
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:19:51
I think my translation was pretty fair given attempt at propaganda by claiming the "bitcoin-as-digital-gold" term to belong to only part of the community.


Is that something you disagree with? 


Part of the problem this community is facing is that there are some people that are fairly confident that off chain or layer 2 solutions will materialize as planned and will be robust and useable and easy for high volume transactions. There are others that are really not so sure those solutions will fully materialize or are concerned about the timing of them, and feel that we need something in place now to allow transaction growth without high fees.
The more you try to say that growing the blocksize leads to compromise, without saying how and when we are going to get to those high volume low fee transactions, the more you will meet resistance from "the other side". In fact it is not even clear what the bitcoin dev community thinks the readiness of LN is, and even what use-cases that will solve, or whether something like Tumblebit is going to win out and what the timing for those are. I think you'll agree that even Core's roadmap leaves open a lot of questions as to how we would really scale to "kinds of volumes needed for broad worldwide adoption ", or even when that would take place. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 18:38:18


You broke rules, got reported, action was taken, slap on wrist, move on, stop posting emails, done.
Not saying I support MemoryDealers putting pressure on Reddit execs, but you are doing similar propaganda right here by trying to paint r/btc and its 'lead' mod in bad light.
@_date: 2016-12-24 15:46:08
I'd love to make and sell a tee shirt / coffee mug with this. License ? 
@_date: 2016-11-07 13:18:24
We are stuck at that capacity until either another software change is made (probably a hard fork) or Lightning Network (or something similar) is launched and is good/usable.
@_date: 2016-11-08 13:21:13
Yes it can be hard to come back from language like this:


Do your research moron: 
Not saying I agree with the ban. Colorful language should not immediately be banned "Who the fuck are you?" totally acceptable IMO. "Shitpost" also acceptable assuming it is one. "Do your research moron", not acceptable. They should have just removed the comment and maybe a temp bad for 3 days or something.
Permaban for this one comment alone is harsh. Although without reviewing your history we can't know if it was truly for this one comment. 
@_date: 2016-11-08 22:43:23
I messaged the mods on your behalf and they replied that you are now unbanned:


@_date: 2016-12-05 21:06:06
When I looked originally it just showed as deleted and it didn't come up on unreddit or ceddit.
@_date: 2016-12-05 23:17:20


Yeah, ok, not that big a difference really between a "github commit" and a "git commit" since Github commits are all from git repositories and Bitcoin is hosted on Github. But yeah git commit message would be more accurate.


There are lots of commit messages on reddit (or specifically r/btc)? That might be perfectly true, I for one can't recall seeing any but that doesn't mean much. Obviously there are lots of commit messages in any git repo. I use git everyday by the way.
Anyway just because someone makes a commit to a git repository that is public (hosted on Github for example) that does not make it automatically ok to post their commit messages with their email address to reddit. 
Obviously in this particular case, Gavin is both well known and has made his email address public in multiple forums, anyway mod did re-instate the commit message comment by nullc afterwards based on the public figure clause.
@_date: 2016-11-01 13:08:03
Some evidence should be provided otherwise it is fairly useless to believe any of this.
@_date: 2016-11-13 03:34:06
Other than the hope that it might causes bitcoin price to raise, when I honestly think about it, I really don't care much for a bitcoin etf. I mean it sort of goes against the whole principal of "be your own bank" and all. It spreads bitcoin to people without them using it really at all.
@_date: 2016-12-04 01:27:35


Original post was not a commit message according to unreddit. Please explain yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-07 22:13:31
Sort of a technicality, but addresses don't hold btc. Your "coins" are held in UTXO's which can either use the same address or different ones every time. Even if using the same address then you can have 100s of UTXOs that are separate and distinct if you had 100s of transactions sending you coins. Of course wallets kind of simplify this and that it fine, but good to peek under the hood sometimes too.
@_date: 2016-12-15 11:34:18
Well that was a pretty good discussion, only thing I thought was odd was when Naomi mentioned that bitcoin in the US was used mostly for black market goods. Not sure if that is still true. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 21:03:24
Not sure, how is it reported if you trade a Picasso for a house? Or probably better would be Gold trade for good/service? Anyway if it is not reported you are still responsible for the tax on any capital gains.
@_date: 2016-12-07 02:24:12
I was suggesting something other than a 'standard' extension block. 
@_date: 2016-12-15 14:12:07
Yes, extension blocks with sidechain properties so you move coins back and forth between new block and old block. Like an embeded side chain (not just merge mined but part of bitcoin). Do you know if anything like that has been proposed before? 
@_date: 2016-11-07 13:13:05
Not sure if Peter's section was a much watch. It was refreshing to hear some rational talk around LN. There was some bashing of non segwit supporters (viabtc). Some chat on bitmain's new hashing center in China. But nothing really new here IMO.
@_date: 2016-12-14 12:40:32
If relay only nodes don't matter, then please suggest that everyone shut these down. We've heard at times these nodes matter for decentralization but then comments like the above seem to contradict that.
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:32:46
I await an explanation of what unreddit shows. I'm tired of coming up with theories. I never claimed that I knew what form the comment was in (commit message vs unreddit message) when it was removed. I tried to make it clear I wasn't certain of the timing. If mod logs show it as commit message when removed, I'm fine with going with that. Do mod logs show the state when it was first reported by a user? 
What is remarkable to me is that nullc who works very much on creating the unchangeable histories of blockchains has the arrogance to claim I'm wrong in citing that the original post was not a commit message, without even commenting on the unreddit post. 
The whole "commit message" thing to me is really a minor point anyway. I only brought it up because nullc was using that as a justification for revealing identifying information of a person. I was pretty surprised to see that the original post (from everything I could tell) was not a commit message at all. So I called him out on that. I new at the time the comment was already showing as a commit message, as I saw that directly on reddit (it had been restored by mod at that point). I just can't see why he won't own up for real what he originally posted (or explain how the unreddit post is wrong). He said above "just the author line". That doesn't explain the unreddit post. 
Look I'm sure nullc's point could be something like  "when mods saw the post it was in the form of a commit message, that is what they reacted to and removed, so saying it was a commit message all along means all the time the mods saw it". If he just said that instead of some shit about the author line or saying my claim that it wasn't a commit originally is bogus, then I'd be cool with it. 
And still it doesn't f'ing matter if it was a commit message all along or not because it directly showed someone's email address and then after mods asked him to repost without that, he posted image of the commit message with the email still *(&amp; there !! Yes it was a bad call for mods to delete it ever given the circumstances (well known email/person), etc. God what a shit show the whole thing was.
@_date: 2016-12-07 18:32:48
No not really reasonable for IRS to do a blanket request because they think all cryptocurrency users are tax dodgers. 
@_date: 2016-12-03 06:10:38
Sorry, what was the motivation? 
Mod said this to you:


Pretty fucking reasonable request. So instead of reposting without an email you reposted a link to an image with the email still there. Basically you are trying to get banned to make r/btc look bad. Political bullshit IMO.
Mod said this:


Yet you claim this "finally they'd programmed the rbtc automod to surreptitiously hide my comments". Misleading to say the least. They are not trying to hide your posts in general, they are trying to hide/remove posts that are doxxing specific people and modified that rule to prevent doxxing of someone you've mentioned in the past.
If your goal was to violate the rules and get banned then mission accomplished I guess. Now lots of negative press/attention about how r/btc censors you. Great work, you've contributed nothing and are engaging in propaganda wars.
@_date: 2016-11-22 11:39:05


I have no idea what this is about (and pretty sure I don't care), but saw someone else [post this image]( which says:


@_date: 2016-11-14 12:51:44
Pretty interesting reading overall. Although even after reading a few definitions of it I'm not really sure what is implied by "high-powered money", is that some reference to a reserve currency used by banks and other large institutions, but not generally used by the common folk? Like gold was to some degree?
@_date: 2016-12-27 23:08:06
It would be fine if people stopped hodling all the time and actually spent some coins now and then. Myself included. But it is a vicious circle, where lack of willingness to spend means lack of merchants dying to adopt it, which leads to even less willingness to spend it (cause no place to do that), etc. etc. We need to break the circle.
@_date: 2016-11-23 14:22:46
Top right corner of cover for those not seeing it. Anyone have a summary of what it says?
@_date: 2016-11-12 18:05:03
Thanks for your kind words /s.
Maybe you are unaware that there is something in the code referred now as the MAX_BLOCK_BASE_SIZE which is of course set to 1mb. This refers to the block data that non-updated nodes will see and validate. That is what I'm calling the "primary" block. If "base" block is a better word for it then that is fine. Old nodes will not see the witness data.
In what way does that make me a " deceitful lying weasel " or someone that makes up "ridiculous definitions"?
Perhaps instead of shouting insults you can engage in an actual rational discussion.
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:12:56
wow, nice comeback. It will get you some up votes though I'm sure.
@_date: 2016-12-28 14:36:25
~~Yeah this is a good point. Keep in mind you would be paying all the subsequent taxes in different years. Also cap gains can be offset by cap losses. But still it is interesting from a theoretical point of view.~~
Wait, no your tax rate will still be 30% (assuming that is your cap gains rate) at most  so nothing to worry about.  
Example: Assume 0 cost basis and 30% rate. You buy something for $100 and owe $30 so you sell $43 to cover that (in same year). Now you owe $30+12.9=~42.9. Which you have covered from your $43 sale. Your tax rate on this is 42.9/143 = 30% exactly.
The same would apply if you waited to sell coins to cover the tax until tax time which would end up in the series of payments you suggested (where each year you have to sell some coins to cover the previous year tax). But overall rate would stay at 30%. So no prob. Well sucks, but no weirdness.
@_date: 2016-12-09 01:38:28
strangely I don't think we know how many nodes we really need. I'm not suggesting fewer is better, just would like clarification here.
Some people suggest that every bitcoin user needs their own node. While others are willing to accept that light clients have a valid use. How many nodes do we need to support light clients? How much more secure is the network with 10000 nodes vs 5000? Really just curious here for some numbers or research showing relative risks / benefits on node count. 
@_date: 2016-11-12 03:51:57


You said in reference to hard forking implementations of bitcoin core.
@_date: 2016-12-19 13:16:50
Well, look at the OPs post. Do you disagree we will lose VPS nodes? I know I shut mine down because went over the 96GB limit and their next option is double the cost at $80/month, Ouch.
To quote in this thread


@_date: 2016-12-05 01:57:43
You are forgetting about the thousands of people that bought bitcoin low, let it sit at Coinbase for a while, then finally got smart and transferred out when price was higher.


A lot. First of all, it is disturbing that Coinbase is classifying any bitcoin transfer as a sale. It is however mostly irrelevant. If you transferred bitcoin from Coinbase to your own wallet immediately after purchasing them (so no gains), then held the bitcoins for 4 years, price went up a lot, and bought a house with them, you definitely owe capital gains tax on that transaction. So it doesn't matter that Coinbase showed no gain on the "sale" to your wallet.
Secondly even if you waited 1 year before moving coins out of Coinbase to your own wallet, and bitcoin had gone up a lot in value, you still would NOT owe any capital gains on that wallet transaction even though Coinbase will show it as a sale and even though it looks on Coinbase's report that a capital gain was made. Coinbase simply doesn't know whether a gain is applicable or not. If you then later bought a house with those coins, the capital gains owed would be based on the cost basis of the original **purchase** of the coins with $ at coinbase.
Bottom line is: Coinbase's classification may cause us trouble with IRS, but ultimately IRS will not be able to get capital gains on transfers to our own wallets, we should not pay that and it would be bizarre if they tried to enforce that.
@_date: 2016-12-01 01:28:49
It would be nice if we could all get together and sue the IRS for defamation of character. I wonder if anyone's ever tried that and won?
For defamation it would have to be: 
* publication to someone other than the person being defamed;
* of a false statement;
* of fact (rather than opinion);
* that injures the reputation of the person being defamed ("plaintiff"), and
* is not privileged.
So we certainly pass the first 4 tests, last one "not privileged" I'm not so sure of. Any lawyers in the house?
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:26:43


NO you are missing the point. A transfer to another wallet that you control will have no gain or loss.


No only transactions when you trade bitcoin for another currency or buy something with it.
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:30:53


These should be reported as transfers. Not sells. It would be like transferring stock from your account at Fidelity to the one at E-Trade. This is done without buying/selling. 
What you might want to do is on your "Send" bitcoin screens is ask people (OPTIONALLY) to specify "transferring to another wallet under your control?" or "Buying something from a merchant?" and make it very clear that this is optional and that it will help the tax reporting to reflect accurately for that person. Then reflect this in all your reports and data.
@_date: 2016-11-13 14:27:08
Larger blocks can actually encourage people to run nodes on their own hardware instead of renting cheap VPS somewhere. I know from experience, as my VPS ran out of its paltry 90GB space and it is expensive to level up. On the other hand I can get a 1TB drive for $315 or so.
@_date: 2016-12-18 15:08:16
I'm just going by what BitcoinXio [said here]( . 
@_date: 2016-12-08 12:43:37
Many people are tax dodgers. I'm not sure why US exchanges (Coinbase) would not have standard reporting requirements already to report conversions of Bitcoins to $ . That is what the IRS should be looking for. Instead they are asking for bitcoin transfers, and all of them. So every tee-shirt you bought, every wallet you transferred to and so forth. This is the unusual part. It won't tell them when someone transfers to their own wallet then later buys a car, unless they do further blockchain analysis (maybe their goal).
@_date: 2016-12-15 11:09:45
There might be a way to do a non-evil, evil soft fork. Something I'm exploring.
@_date: 2016-12-15 11:19:14
Ok, so wait in reply to "don't fuel hate", "how am I fueling hate", you talk about the "hate roger is quoted as perpetuating". 
So full of irony.
@_date: 2016-11-20 14:11:15
Right, I saw there was some context there, but comments like that will often (even if the moderators do read the context) get you banned from most forums. And most mods probably won't read the context. 
So I guess my point is that saying "I'm banned from rbtc" misses the point. People are claiming that r/btc is banning people for disagreeing with certain points of view, that their views are censored. Some of that may indeed be happening, but I'm guessing your comment about the handgun triggered your ban. So like it would be different if you said "I got banned from rbtc for suggesting someone shoot themselves in the head with a gun, but I was just trying to make a point". Then readers will at least be clued into the fact that your banning might have been a standard moderation thing, not censorship of views.
@_date: 2016-12-15 02:31:58
I was actually surprised no one dived into what the dangers of hard forks are, and that Ethereum was only mentioned a couple of times in that regard.
Also risks of soft forks were not really dived into. Not that I expect Roger to be the one to go into these risks, but would have hoped the others might explain a bit more the pros-cons of each.
@_date: 2016-12-19 03:31:05
Yes, a large blockchain (to a point) actually increases decentralization to some degree, which is the exactly the opposite of what some people would think. 
@_date: 2016-12-19 17:06:16
No decentralization means (in part) code running on hardware controlled by many individuals.
@_date: 2016-12-17 02:22:04


Are you still banned there? Thought that was a short lived thing.
@_date: 2016-12-14 00:15:19
Coffee Shop Facts: Independent coffee shops equal $12 billion in annual sales. [source](
@_date: 2016-11-22 02:06:55


...We've learned that we do indeed have numerous paths that promise more elegant upgrade methods
Well that depends on those alternatives and timing. If LN is successful and very useful, then that does a lot for us. But LN is by no means a certainty yet and even when launched might not be as widely used as expected. So sidechains or extension blocks, I guess would help and let us experiment with solutions a bit more (Mimblewimble anyone?). Lots of ifs though, that makes people uncomfortable. 
There is a lot to be said for just getting something working and out there being used even if it is not perfect. Satoshi did it right by getting something up and running quickly. Moon shots can work (literally), but are really high risk.
Probably the community would be more in alignment if there was any clear path to scaling. Many people don't see it. They don't believe LN will materialize as dreamed, they haven't seen a vibrant sidechain working, other alternatives seem equally as far off. Soft forking endlessly seems as crazy as hard forks to many. 
@_date: 2016-12-16 02:33:15
Can you explain how it works (this info is not on the site and it doesn't appear to be open source).
For example:
* where is the private key generated (on your server, in the browser, etc)?
* what stops you from stealing coins (obviously this would be bad for business, but what really stops you, or better yet a disgruntled employee/contractor working for you)?
* If your service goes down, do coins still get returned to sender or are they retrievable by receiver in any way (does email to receiver contain private key that can be imported elsewhere)?
* Why not send the refund transaction directly to the sender immediately (with nLockTime)? Or do you post something to the blockchain immediately that would allow for refund after the timeout?
* Do you store all the emails and phone numbers somewhere on your servers?
Anyway, you see where I'm going with this. I actually considered writing a service like this myself, so I think it is great, but I held back because of some of the hurdles above. Still of course some risk/centralization for small amounts is ok for some people.
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:39:50
He posted info that the mods considered doxxing. I tried to make that pretty clear. He posted an email address which in my words was "doxxing info" and that is what the mod indicated as well. I also said "apparently posted some other doxxing info on another individual", clearly indicating that parts of that were not clear (in fact some posts had been removed by that time). 


Yes an unfortunate coincidence. I am completely unrelated in any way to that person.
You too have failed to point out any lying. I thought it was a fair recap of events. Comments were removed for doxxing, whether he actually doxxed or not is sort of the point of reddit for people to discuss those events, etc. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 13:06:08
Well there was [this whole thread]( on the other sub which got things moving and might have led to the ban.
The history here goes something like this (exact timing and order of events cannot be certain):
* nullc posts an explanation showing [OPs post]( was inaccurate and FUD, but does so by posting Gavin Andresen's email address (yes sort of ridiculous that was the start but read on). Note that [according to unreddit]( this comment was **NOT originally** in the form of a github commit message as would [later claim]( 
* moderator deletes the comment based on doxing rule and asks that he repost without the email address
* nullc reposts an image that has a github commit message that **still contains** an Gavin's email address, and cites the fact that this image is not on reddit.com 
* moderator approves/un-deletes original comment by nullc because he realizes Gavin is a bitcoin public figure and so under reddit rules the email address is ok.
* at some point nullc changes original comment to be a github commit message (this is based on unreddit showing it not being that way originally).
* nullc gets into longer discussion with moderator about the comment removal and in the course of that apparently (this part is unclear) mentions someone else's info which is considered doxxing. 
* because of that **2nd doxxing** (I think), nullc gets a temp ban on r/btc for 1 day (or so I hear).
Somehow I'm guessing the above history was involved in his reddit suspension (hopefully temporary). It probably does not help that nullc argued with the mods, posted a follow up image that still had doxxing info, continued to argue with mods, then apparently posted some other doxxing info on another individual, then in subsequent threads claimed his original comment was a github commit message when (according to unreddit) it was not. 
Then again his suspension could have been for completely other reasons, I have no inside knowledge.
 
@_date: 2016-12-20 00:26:23
Looked like a clear attempt to expose personal information to me:


That also gave an email address for the admin contact, potentially revealing the person's real first name. So you're not doxing argument is pretty weak IMO.
You can claim, like others have, that simply linking to something that exposes doxing information is not a violation of reddit rules, but you are wrong:


@_date: 2016-11-19 02:59:21
Hopefully my concern is overblown, but will the IRS even understand this stuff?  Coinbase's "Cost Basis" report lists any transfer as a sale and reports the cost basis for it and whether it was a long term or short term holding. 
It seems likely that the IRS might just take something like this and run with it. After all there isn't really a way for them to know what you did with those coins. Did you send them to yourself or did you buy something with them? Can't tell, ok, charge them capital gains tax then on the transfer.
@_date: 2016-12-25 14:45:55
Nice, but I still don't get the ad for r/bitcoin. Why is this a thing that we produce art that attracts people to reddit? Is this the best place for new comers to go?
@_date: 2016-12-01 13:10:13
Interesting, but what if I have publicly made it clear I am a Coinbase user (maybe on Twitter or other Social media, my own website, my own blogs), would that make my defamation claim stronger?
@_date: 2016-12-15 14:18:01
@_date: 2016-12-17 03:07:35
I thought it was a temp ban for one day by r/btc mod, and then turned into a sitewide reddit ban, but please correct if wrong. 
It was unclear (based on what I read) if the sitewide ban was intended to be permanent or if public outcry had anything to do with its removal.
@_date: 2019-06-02 11:16:03
I don't understand why smart people think they can remember 12 word seeds or want to bother trying that. Remembering for 1-4 years, easy. Remembering for 10-50 years, well, I'd rather not take the chance nor have to recite in my head those 12 words every day for 50 years.  Also, simply remembering your seed leaves no way for it to be passed down to family.
I can still remember the Robert Frost poem I memorized in 7th grade, but I wouldn't want to bet a huge sum of money on that (and the poem is more memorable than 12 random words).
@_date: 2015-08-30 15:23:41
Someone could send you bitcoins or track what bitcoins were sent to that address. So it is best to generate new bitcoin addresses every time you want to receive BTC.
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:06:23
Let's boycott all companies that get a BitLicense !
@_date: 2017-11-08 19:54:27


Wasn't saying this was bad, just noting that "bitcoin is a piece of software" hardly paints a fair picture. It seems you agree it is a lot more.


No pretty much discussing any hardfork here is out of bounds unless it is discussing an imminent security threat or similar. Of course if you have a hat it is another thing entirely :)
Anyway Segwit2x looks like it is over. I'm surprised they let it go so long and not follow through. Seems like an awful waste of everyone's time to have all this discussion.  They could have done a much better job of socializing/promoting it or just convincing people that it is a good move. I didn't see much of that going on.
@_date: 2015-08-25 10:00:37


'cause miners (let's assume most want the largest blocks possible): 
Bip100: at start we go to 2MB (1/11/2016), then in 3 months-&gt;4MB, 6 months-&gt;8Mb, 9 months-&gt;16mb, 12 months-&gt;32mb. So one year till 32mb 
Bip101 at start 8mb (1/11/2016) then, 24 months-&gt;16mb, 48 months-&gt;32mb. 4 years till 32mb.
Bip 100 brings us to 32mb with in 1 year.
Bip 101 brings us to 32 mb in 4 years.
@_date: 2015-08-02 01:03:17
US conviction rate is fairly high, upper 80s to low 90s, which is pretty surprising. I thought it would be lower, than that, 60-75 maybe. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:40:40
What's the difference between coinbase merchant account and something like bitpay? 
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:07:23


They are not the main cause at all. But anyway holding at CB for a fork is not as bad as holding there at other times. They will have replay protection for any coins you withdraw, so that is a huge plus. Risks of holding at an exchange of course are also big.
@_date: 2017-11-22 11:49:32
* It requires a lot of hash rate to be profitable
* It is detectable
If you (individual or mining pool operator/owner) have &lt;25% of the hash rate, don't even consider it. But more realistically you would need closer to 30-33% to start getting profits long term (you can read in the paper how "gamma" effects your profits for a given hash rate).
The paper does discuss detectability but I don't think it gives it enough attention. Pools would definitely see their orphan rates shoot up if a large 33%+ pool started selfish mining on a regular basis. 
It is also unclear (to me at least) what happens when more than one large hasher starts selfish mining.
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:51:05
Some people see the value in Segwit AND an base block size increase. That way you can still have LN but support a very modest increase for immediate scaling now. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:11:54


The paper also discusses "gamma" of 0 which is still profitable for &gt;33% hash rate pools. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:07:33
this is the correct answer.
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:12:19
Yeah I mean with CB you have to give them your ID if you want anything to work correctly. I think they even had me hold up my drivers license to the camera.
@_date: 2017-11-22 11:13:03
I think we will need something big to push us past $10k USD by end of year, as that is a "magic" number that can turn many hodlers into sodlers. But my crystal ball does say late Jan- Feb we will breach it.
@_date: 2015-08-23 12:57:33


The "altcoin" word is contentious in this context, so just stop using it in regards to the XT hardfork. It is not helping discussion, but hurting it.
I think "altcoin" in this discussion is akin to a racial slur.
@_date: 2015-08-23 14:28:59
Is this a puzzle or are we just guessing IPs (brute force)?
@_date: 2015-08-20 16:37:51


No, all transactions in the blockchain prior to the "hard fork"  will still be valid on either Bitcoin XT or Old Bitcoin Core networks and software.
@_date: 2016-11-19 16:21:56
No I'm sure you'd rather just keep citing the "I've been banned from r/btc" line, than simply messaging the mods asking to be unbanned. 
I've done it on behalf of other [users before]( so I'd be glad to to the same for you (I think I previously reviewed some of your comment history when you made an "ive been banned" post before, I didn't see anything deserving banning).
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:05:02
All I know is I've never hit any 72hr delay. But maybe I'm a small fish. Is there a limit on bitcoin transfers out of CB?
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:10:57
Yes Segwit2x includes segwit. Bitcoin Cash does not want segwit, but they might implement malleability fix in the future. Not sure. Some see malleability as a feature.
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:09:15
When you withdraw funds from CB they can include in that transaction some "tainted" coins. Coins that come from a tx that is only valid on one chain like coins from a miner's coinbase transaction.
If a transaction includes any amount of tainted coins it is not replayable on the other fork.
@_date: 2015-08-31 11:15:13


Why would anyone buy?
Wait, it's actually profitable !!! Usually when plugging into mining calculators I get, "Number of days to break even = Infinity". So a positive ROI is nothing to sneeze at. 
@_date: 2015-08-23 00:41:56
Also the "altcoin" term is really divisive and not helpful at this stage. The illustration in fact shows that XT is different than almost all "altcoins" out there, in that it is a hard fork off the bitcoin blockchain, very different than starting a blockchain from scratch, like the other coins illustrated.
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:04:59
You need to worry if you care about 2x coins. You could just ignore them.
Yes 2x fork is trying to upgrade bitcoin. I do admit they did a poor job of "selling" it this way, and now it comes across as an attack to many.
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:12:47


Not really. Or not only. Think about what is core. It is really a lot of things. A github repo under control of a few. Hundreds of developers contributing code. A few prominent developers that make the most meaningful contributions. A roadmap written by one. A set of consensus rules. A protocol. 
Also I think it does have to be said, that segwit2x is a verboten subject in some arenas. I mean  "Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted." leaves open the question of how one gains consensus if discussion and yes even "promotion" (which could just be someone saying I think this is a good change, here is why) of it is not allowed. So that is also part of the picture that can't quite be ignored.


Well this is what everyone does. Satoshi wrote code and got people to run it. He told people things they wanted to hear. People liked it and ran the code. If you don't like 2x don't run the code.
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:12:02
What makes a coin a shitcoin vs a good coin? Is there such a thing as a good alt?
Bitcoin cash wants bigger blocks and thinks that solves a problem. I'm not sure why anyone cares. In fact it can be good for bitcoin. Let people who want to use crypto to buy stuff use Bcash. That frees up space for better use bitcoin transactions. 
Bigger issues are projects like bitcoin gold that have pre-mine, links to malware downloads, flawed launch. Bitcoin cash had none of those.
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:19:04


Not sure I agree with you there. Even Core effectively doubled the # of transactions that can fit into a block (after broad adoption of segwit), (but sadly quadrupled the amount of data that is allowable to transmit). 1mb per block is tiny. Now it is true most bitcoiners just hodl, so why do we need lots of transactions? 


Well then let's take away all the businesses that work with bitcoin. Let's just make it only "users". It is just Venmo then. Pay to friends, that kind of thing. No merchants anywhere. Just fuck them. No online sales. Can't even buy a tee shirt with bitcoin. Is that what you want? Because that is about all bitcoin with 1mb can handle anyway (and even then that is only because we hodl).


You can just ignore 2x. Just send btc and forget 2x exists. Why do you need replay. Because you want free 2x coins? Or is your SPV wallet too dumb to know which is which?
@_date: 2017-11-22 17:56:20
According to [this]( the dragons den logo similarity is no accident and BtcDrak was involved in the project (founder?).
@_date: 2015-08-23 12:51:34
What is the correct percentage?
@_date: 2017-11-10 11:47:10
good to hear they are keeping the fight up.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:40:51
This is good. Finally also someone points out that replay protection is only needed if you care about the other coin.
**If you only care about BTC and dont need B2X**, no action is required. Use your bitcoin as you would normally.
**If you only care about B2X and dont need BTC, no action is required.** Use your B2X as you would use other coins. See the end of the splitting guide.
**If you want both BTC and B2X**, please follow the guide below to split the coins correctly. Note that this process is manual and is without any warranties, due to the lack of replay protection.
... guide coming soon...
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:42:54
For years people have been asking for a block size increase because we can't rely on "not yet ready" LN to ride to the rescue and allow bitcoin to have some very modest scaling. Segwit added a small amount of increased tx throughput once we get more adoption but this is a slow process. Core refuses block size increase (well they say they are open to it at some point in the future but when?). 
Miners and other core devs met in HK and there was some agreement on block size increase (but depends who you ask). UASF wanted to activate segwit with 5% of hash power instead of 95%. NYA agreement said, ok we will activate segwit but we are doing a modest 1mb base block increase as well. Such an attack.
Don't get me wrong, I think 2x was not well planned out or communicated to regular users. So it comes across as an attack. I don't think large businesses or miners are out to lose money, but who knows.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:38:15
Well make sure it is fire proof and water proof. Personally I wouldn't trust a safe in same home as you live. Too much risk in one place.
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:33:42
well that would be caring. No seriously I mean die hard bitcoin fanatics are like cursing 2x for not having replay protection. Just ignore it.
@_date: 2017-04-13 13:23:08
I was under the impression the Teechan demonstrations were just that, demonstrations. Not "ready for production". Similar to maybe some early experiments with LN (that didn't include routing, channel exhaustion, etc) or other layer 2 prototypes. 
@_date: 2017-04-18 14:51:43
possible but seems unlikely to me that 99% would be non-listening nodes. FYI I was booted from core slack for mentioning this yesterday   It came up because someone else mentioned node counts. Is it a bannable offense to disagree with someone on their data and make comments about that when the subject comes up?
@_date: 2017-04-23 14:16:46


In the TeeChan paper? Or are you just referring to ongoing feuding between certain devs and him? Are you claiming that because someone critisized segwit without offering an alternative that they are "very dishonest"? 
Also they did say they were going to publish the code for TeeChan "We will be making the Teechan implementation public in the next few weeks.", maybe they changed their minds. I don't know. 
The issue at hand is whether the Teechan paper /claims make Emin "very dishonest". I don't think so. Seems like on going feud between and him that is not based in rational thinking.
@_date: 2016-02-10 03:55:54
Does your 
    random.random() &gt; original_fork_hashpower 
properly take difficulty into account? Also it does not adjust for difficulty every 2016 blocks.
@_date: 2017-04-05 21:34:55


Segwit will allow 1.7-2x the number of transactions we have today once full adoption is reached. Assume for the moment those txs look like the avg tx we have today. So number of outputs grows under segwit by 70%-100% per block of what we have today. Ext block of 1mb would do 100% increase as well. Ext block of 2mb, well there is where you have an argument to make. Still, even at 2mb ext block, it is only 100% over what is considered safe today (segwit), and nodes can opt out of ext.block to keep costs low (with associated trade offs) so it is not the same as pure utxo growth. Users are given options.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:00:36
At least one person who claims to have been part of original Satoshi group says that original coin amount was in fact supposed to be 42 for exactly the reason you mention (HG2G). But the code got done wrong and so only 21 will there ever be.
@_date: 2017-04-04 12:46:58


That is sort of absurd. Of course many nodes will want to participate. So mess avoided.
@_date: 2017-04-05 02:10:44
Segwit only encourages use of transactions that minimize utxos because signature data costs less. The worst case is utxo growth remains the same for segwit. I believe this is true for the ext.block proposal as well, or can you clarify how it increases the growth rate?
2-3mb ext.blocks are fine if they don't increase the utxo growth rate.
@_date: 2016-02-08 04:07:04


I have a trezor myself, but often really wonder if that is the way to go. There is a ton of trust involved. 
Trezor creates the seed words, you don't. So you really don't know if those were really random or not.
When you go to mytrezor website to get an address to send coins to, do you verify that that is actually YOUR address (one corresponding the the master public key that can be re-created using those seed words)? I mean it is hard to actually know unless you put your master public key on a separate wallet and verify that funds are coming in properly or that the addresses match.
It is not that I distrust the Trezor people, but they could get compromised, they could mess around with mytrezor.com, websites could impersonate them (mytrezer.com or something), and so forth.
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:06:03
Well you are not remaining outdated if you update your node to the latest code but set it (via config file for example) to ignore extblock downloads/validation. You're node is completely validating all main block only txs, so zero loss of security there. I think your issue is with 'return' transactions, right?
@_date: 2017-04-29 14:01:37
Andreas: "...With the content, not the tone, that is wrong. And it is not wrong because Theymos is doing it. It is wrong no matter who does it and whether they do it for or against small blocks or for or against large blocks, what it does is it robs us of the opportunities of a healthy debate." 
@_date: 2017-04-19 23:16:26
tell it to @_date: 2017-04-24 22:24:48
? If you want to comment directly to Vinny then post on his medium blog. 
Otherwise it is just you and me here. You are mad at the universe and you're not going to take it anymore. Right I get it. Enough said.
@_date: 2017-04-04 13:01:50
I think an improvement to this proposal would be segwit without size/weight changes (but deployed on main+ext) + ext blocks to increase size. Ext block txs and main block txs are basically equivalent. This would give us 100% segwit capability on main block (and ext), plus increased size on ext block. Size of ext block should be modest 1-3mb. Additional ext blocks could be done later on if needed. 
Also I disagree (at least with something like my mods above) that we would in any way end up with a "checking" and "savings" account. You would just own bitcoin. Ext blocks would be almost 100% supported by miners and probably 80% of nodes. Perhaps we would see some mobile wallets implement full nodes that ignore ext blocks. That is fine. They can generate main block only receiving addresses so when you send them coins they just go to main block. easy.
@_date: 2017-04-23 12:51:33
Ok. But does this make someone "very dishonest"? Power failure, hmm if only there were solutions for that (like battery backup). Also how many transactions have to stored here? Just one? Seems possible. Ok to be critical of new ideas, but hopefully with an eye to improving them, not destroying innovation.
@_date: 2016-02-29 00:52:44
Ok, let's see what you find out. I do think we need more simulations in bitcoin, so I'm looking forward to your results.
@_date: 2016-02-15 14:55:25


Well I didn't pretend, instead I said exactly what I thought he means, WTF ???? 
But I can make one set of assumptions, others make other assumptions, and ultimately my interpretation of Adam's usage still leaves a lot to be desired.
Certainly any dev that disagrees with aspects of the core roadmap would likely not be considered a core-dev in Adam's eyes, which I don't think is clear to everyone. You could have made major contributions to the code base and not agree 100% with the road map, suddenly you are not a core dev? 
Proposal for "core-dev" definition
* Agrees with published roadmap (unwilling to actively argue against any aspect of it)
* has made "significant" code contributions in last 12 months
@_date: 2017-04-21 02:14:53
"What is needed is an electronic payment system based on cryptographic proof instead of trust,
allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted
third party. " -Satoshi
@_date: 2017-04-24 21:11:01
Seems like you are the hater here not Vinny ;)
@_date: 2016-02-06 14:52:47
I was considering launching a website for this, just show the last n blocks or something (keeping it updated as new blocks come in), maybe have a way for the user to adjust the segwit adoption %.
However my script currently only handles P2WPKH and P2WSH conversions so there is more work to be done to handle all the possible input/output types. 
@_date: 2016-02-05 22:46:35
I developed a tool that gives a pretty good estimate of what would happen with an existing block if you applied segwit to it and 'filled' it up with additional transactions.  
So if you give me a block id I'll tell you about how many more transactions would fit in it under segwit and the other numbers associated with that. You would also have to give a % for how many of the inputs/outputs in the block should be "transformed" to segwit  style. So if you assume 70% adoption, then 70% would be transformed. 
Anyway while it is useful to do calcs against real blocks I haven't found it that enlightening. The numbers come out to about what everyone has been saying they should. But of course it does depend on that % adoption number, and somewhat on the specific types of transactions in that particular block.
**Edit:** sadly some people mistake our usernames as being identical. So people might see this and think you are replying to yourself.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:20:43
you can do a hardfork with an opt-in ext block.  ext blocks give people who want to keep node costs low the option of skipping download and validation of ext blocks, while they can still fully validate the main block. The tradeoffs are: an issue where ext validating nodes could reject an main+extblock and ext ignoring nodes would accept the main block. Also ext ignoring nodes cannot truly validate returning funds or coins derived from those in the same way they validate other transactions.
Edit: implications of ext blocks are similar to side chains.
@_date: 2017-04-18 19:03:53
Then you are not running a full node today. There is currently a group of miners &amp; nodes that have been secretly transmitting an ext block around unbeknownst to everyone else. Ahh, if only. I jest of course but to make a point. 
Describing a specific attack(s) and its outcomes would be more useful than simple claims of "you're not a full node" or "no more secure than a light client". Once we have a set of possible attacks we can 1) determine if they are likely or are mitigated by other factors (like 51% attacks) 2) devise possible fixes or ways to mitigate those attacks. 
Let us not live in fear of spreading dangerous ideas before they are explored fully.
You ignored my question of whether you're only concern is the "return" transactions. I think it is. That was sort of the point of my jest above. You have no idea if extblocks are currently in place today if there are no return transactions. If you can clarify your specific concerns instead of these general categorizations that would be great.
@_date: 2017-04-04 12:44:48
So why do you care. Imagine there is a merge mined sidechain that exists right now. You don't care. Now imagine you can receive coins in main chain from that side chain. That is the proposal basically except instead of a side chain, we have ext blocks with side chain properties.
@_date: 2017-04-11 00:11:11
Im not sure what Trezor being "ready" for UASF really means. Do they mean to only run UASF nodes to power their mytrezor wallets? What happens in the event of a chain split?
@_date: 2017-04-05 03:12:48
Extension blocks don't "move" anything on their own. They allow people to send their coins to the ext block or keep them on main chain or move them back and forth between those (the recent proposal anyway has this side-chain like property). 
Those who choose to ignore ext block can keep their node costs low and still validate main chain transactions. They see plenty of flow of bitcoins. 
@_date: 2016-02-19 00:33:58


Ok, cool so all nodes and miners can just use Relay Network, and we've solved all block propagation times. Awesome. Orphan rates go down for all, block size not an issue. Golden.
@_date: 2017-04-18 15:25:05
what is the problem with ext blocks in general (maybe not this particular proposal which only has segwit in extblock)?
@_date: 2016-02-09 01:33:12


My understanding is that you could only do this by entering those words on to the mytrezor website. Is there a way to do it offline so that there is no possibility of mytrezor website getting those words?
@_date: 2016-02-28 23:22:32
Oh, this guy is pretty cool, [he even wrote a bitcoin book](
@_date: 2016-02-15 13:26:37


You really have to stop using "core-dev" like this. What qualifies one as a core-dev? That they have a PR that was merged? Any PR? What time frame, only last 12 months, last 3 months? When you (specifically ) use the term "core-dev" I translate that as a prominent core-dev, one who's name is fairly well known, either someone with commit access (not including Gavin or Jeff) or a well known dev like Peter Todd, Matt Corallo, or similar. In short maybe there are 10-20 people on this list. So maybe publish that list or at least some criteria for what you mean by 'core-dev'.
Do you disagree? 
@_date: 2017-04-24 15:33:18
Nice to see some mention of @_date: 2017-04-04 13:12:10
are you open to changes to make this a bit more palatable? Like segwit everywhere without size increase + ext blocks for size, and eliminating other odd features (LN rules, deactivation process). 
@_date: 2017-04-18 12:06:09
wayback machine has [one capture on 3/18]( (img not visible but scroll down for data), but I've seen massive increases myself on a daily basis.
@_date: 2017-04-04 13:10:29
An ext block that few people use will not survive. An ext block that many people use, is likely needed. You fall off a network that you don't really care about.
@_date: 2016-02-09 01:40:35
My point about messing around with mytrezor.com is that it would be easy to generate and display Receive addresses that are unrelated to the master public key for your account.
These receive addresses are ones that you would be sending bitcoin to using some other wallet, so there is no use of the hardware device at this time. This is how you get bitcoin "into" your trezor, you send coins to one of your addresses. 
Now actually pulling this off and having no one discover it, might not be so easy. Nevertheless when you are about to send some large amount of bitcoin to your trezor, you might want to verify that the receive address is really yours.
@_date: 2017-04-19 02:25:59
One possible outcome of many.
@_date: 2017-04-05 11:57:13
can anyone explain why txid's are likely to change during a re-org? Because that represents a good "attack" surface or for some other reason?
@_date: 2016-02-10 03:24:59
thanks I'll take a look at that.
@_date: 2017-04-05 11:36:23
I'm not advocating HUGE blocks. Certainly 2mb is considered safe with the recent improvements in block propagation (compact blocks). Probably 3-4 is ok but that is up for debate. 
@_date: 2016-02-21 16:43:13
Can you say more on this, because I keep hearing that some proposed changes to bitcoin might make it more centralized, and it seems we are pretty damned centralized right now. Not saying that it should be more centralized, but lets admit where we are.
@_date: 2017-04-24 20:48:31


Hmm consider his statements 






So how is that "just player hating"??
@_date: 2017-04-18 14:09:19
hmm, could be but it also may be that Luke's technique is flawed or hey maybe we really got 60k more nodes in 30 days. Politics would be a factor if the numbers were favoring one client more than others. I haven't really looked into that. Mostly just noting that the overall count has grown dramatically.
It wouldn't bother me at all except that I keep seeing this chart being referenced in other places. People should stop using this chart if it is flawed, or if not flawed, then an explanation is in order.
@_date: 2017-04-18 17:26:18
you are validating only the main block today !!! Imagine there is an ext block being sent around right now, what do you care? You only potentially care when there is a return transaction which your node would see as a spend of an anyonecanspend output. It is quite similar to how old nodes see p2sh or segwit transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-28 23:32:19
Just make sure you aren't proving something that the 'team' has already moved beyond. Yes you may prove that the slide is wrong, but will that mean anything?
@_date: 2016-09-26 22:34:11
You're seriously going to defend


Really?? I did not even ask for "proof" I asked for a list of banned users that meet your claim.:


But heaven forbid I do actually ask for proof or at least evidence, holy crap are we as bad as the politicians? And you could have just listed out the users that were referring to, but still no I guess i have to read through all the comments and guess at which ones you meant.
Meanwhile instead of trying to prove your point, you've moved on to another one, which I shall paraphrase as "people that support core and are assholes get banned from r/btc but people that support on chain scaling (roger, classic, etc) and are assholes are not banned". 
**But do we really have to argue about the assholes?** Is that what this comes to trying to prove which assholes need to get banned and which ones do not? Because if that is all you have, just why bother? 


What the hell are you talking about? I told you about my conversation with r/btc mods about anducck, I did not excuse that example I investigated it, reviewed the comment history, started a conversation with moderators. I've actually done the same with Guy_Tell. His posts so far that I can see seem pretty reasonable. I've started discussions with r/btc moderators about his situation and haven't found out much yet. 
I'm no lover of r/btc. There is either a lot of vote manipulation there (probably) or just a bunch of people that don't really want to examine both sides of an argument. But the same can be said here in many ways. Instead of trying to prove that r/btc is as bad as r/bitcoin why can't we make both of them better or simply move on to another platform?
**You still have not named one person who got banned from r/btc for agreeing with you**. So let me help you out. Is Guy_Tell one of those people? That's whose post you originally responded to, but you refused to explain whether he was one of those that got banned for agreeing with you or if he has his own story to tell. Just give me one name that got banned for agreeing with you and was not engaging in otherwise dickish behavior.
@_date: 2016-09-10 14:45:45
Let's hope Tyler and Cameron generate those private keys securely.


Unless the ETF shuts down. I'm assuming then they might have to actually send those bitcoins somewhere (like sell them on an exchange and then distribute the money to their share holders).
@_date: 2016-09-23 10:50:15
This is a p2swsh inside p2sh, right? So the scriptPubKey is for non-upgraded wallets sending to upgraded wallets, and the scriptSig and witness represent the upgraded wallet spending that, correct?
@_date: 2016-09-02 00:54:29
Your points are well taken, but I think it is sort of a slippery slope to go from "I have a node that validates everything" to "I have a node that ignores certain things". I'm not saying we have much of a choice really. Some kind of upgrades must occur. However I think we are fooling ourselves a bit to think there are not potential issues there. I would probably feel better if we had actual simulations of the entire network and could test out various scenarios to show they are not an issue (no I don't count testnet really).


I think a lot of nodes are in fact on a VPS but that they may be more important than generally realized. I would guess that the vast majority of wallets out there are lite wallets (aka SPV wallets, but Luke Jr disagrees with that term), and many of these lite wallets connect to whatever nodes they can find (yes SPV/lite clients have security issues to begin with but still represent a lot of users). Also an old computer sitting in my basement running bitcoin as a relay node is only marginally better than one on a VPS. If we turn off all the relay nodes (nodes not being used for mining and not being used as a wallet directly), then how many nodes would we have? 


This is good but see previous paragraph about those irrelevant basement/VPS nodes, which probably won't see this message.


Yes it is. However we are in a more contentious landscape at the moment. That may have some impact to rollout/adoption outside of mining nodes.
 
@_date: 2016-09-01 03:31:30


I'm not sure I get your analogy. SegWit outputs will look like anyone can spend outputs to un-upgraded nodes, right? However, they are not outputs that anyone can spend. So we will have nodes out there receiving blocks and doing verifications on them that essentially skip the validation that is probably the most important one (signature validation).
To use your analogy, perhaps it is like someone painted a picture of a moon in front of your window, then I send you the transaction and say "see the moon is full", and you say "ok, looks good". You did your validation, I kept my promise, all is good.
Or to quote someone you may once have had respect for ["Soft forks greatly decrease the number of fully validating  nodes; an involuntary security downgrade on part of not-upgrading users."](
Now frankly how big of an issue this is or not is probably a matter of long debate. Yes 95% of miners (at least) and probably the vast majority of nodes will eventually upgrade. 


Eventually yes, although not everyone upgrades at once and there can still be an overall decrease in fully validating nodes. Today I'm estimating 15% (750 of 5114) of nodes (based on [this info]( which is a bit hard to parse, better source?) are &lt;0.11.2 so do not support CLTV (if I'm reading my release notes correctly but feel free to correct).
I would admit that over the long term I don't really know if the count of nodes validating signatures (really validating not just "ok, looks good"), could be lower or higher than it is today. There might be a sharp decrease short term, then a gradual rise to a number greater than we have today, or perhaps the realization of segwit will prompt many new nodes to launch. But ceteris paribus I would predict a decrease. 
@_date: 2016-09-17 14:01:38
You mean the warning that binaries could be hacked? I don't think anything came of it, unless this is the first.
@_date: 2016-09-23 00:41:09
Blockchain size actually promotes people running nodes on their own servers as opposed to VPS. VPS storage costs are pretty high compared to drives you buy online or best buy.
@_date: 2016-09-11 02:23:11
I saw the presentation live (20160 MIT conference). I don't think he got unhinged really. He made some comments in Q&amp;A (if I recall correctly) that weren't exactly 'PC'. First making a joke about a women asking a question (which i think just came out wrong), and also made some negative comments about Chinese miners, although it was hard to exactly say what his beef was personally with them and why he seemed so angry with them. Certainly there seemed like a racial bias there.
His presentation itself I thought was well done, and I don't recall anything too radical about it. Yes noses, but ok there is a point to be made there.
There is of course something slightly unhinged about him in general. Just his manner I guess can make him seem a bit nutso.
I spoke with him later that day. He wanted to have some scheme where mining could be rotated amongst some group without requiring proof of work. He didn't seem to have that fully worked out and indeed it seemed a bit half baked. But attempting to solve the problem of highly centralized mining is not an easy one. Not trying at all would be worse I think.
@_date: 2016-09-18 15:16:40
Sounds like you need some Insurance system here. So not really a plain vanilla escrow service. You essentially want the supplier to get paid immediately (so no escrow at all really), but then have insurance to cover a default on their part. Right?  
@_date: 2016-09-27 03:19:10


hash begins with a number of zero bits. The average work required is exponential in the number
of zero bits required and can be verified by executing a single hash.
For our timestamp network, we implement the proof-of-work by incrementing a nonce in the
block until a value is found that gives the block's hash the required zero bits. Once the CPU
effort has been expended to make it satisfy the proof-of-work, the block cannot be changed
without redoing the work. As later blocks are chained after it, the work to change the block
would include redoing all the blocks after it


by the creator of the block. This adds an incentive for nodes to support the network, and provides
a way to initially distribute coins into circulation, since there is no central authority to issue them.
@_date: 2016-09-21 00:34:31
@_date: 2016-09-26 04:09:29
Hmm, so you sent btc directly from Circle to a gambling site, and you are wondering how they found out? Really?
@_date: 2016-09-25 21:28:36
Actually I think using bitcoin helps to increase its value. Collectibles are interesting, but is that what we are building? We can go collect rare stamps just as easily if we are just going to buy and hold. 
By spending coins, we gain merchant adoption, which makes bitcoin more valuable because it can be USED in lots of places. Stop using it though and merchant adoption drops off. It becomes less interesting because only the collectors want it.
Go spend some bitcoins, then buy 2x what you spent. Then spend some more a bit latter, and buy 2x again, etc.
@_date: 2016-09-04 13:10:19
Well the point of bitcoin is to be more like DIGITAL gold. Not just clunky gold that is hard to use. But digital money that is easy to transfer, spend, etc. 
So advising new bitcoiners just to hodl is not going to get us places IMO.
@_date: 2016-09-26 00:38:51


Hardly, because I'm not talking about the very first merchant. Existing merchants need people to spend coins there. Word will spread this way and other merchants will adopt.
On the other hand, if we feel that Bitcoin is "too good" to spend, then we will see something like Gresham's law take place where the bad money (fiat) eliminates the good money (bitcoin). 
Merchants that previously adopted bitcoin payments will stop supporting it because no one is spending. New would be bitcoin merchants will hear of this and just not adopt.
We don't want a private world of 5000 Hodlers. Do we?
@_date: 2016-09-25 00:50:09
Since when does "suppression of certain Bitcoin opinions" == "people who disagree with him".
I mean WTF?
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:26:11


I thought banks were developing private blockchains mostly for record keeping and tracking transfers of ownership/currency between a relatively small set of parties. 
@_date: 2016-09-10 14:38:18


Yes, but technically they (ETF founders) will not own the accumulated physical assets (or digital ones for Bitcoin) in any real sense as all the ETF share holders essentially lay claim to their share of the assets.
So the real wealth is created by ETF fees (aka expense ratio, etc.). If ETF has 1 billion under management and charge .5% expense ratio, then they make a cool $5 million per year on that. ETFs can have other charges as well like commissions for buying/selling. 
I would expect the first Bitcoin ETF to have fairly high fees as it is a unique offering. Should be pretty great for Bitcoin price though.
@_date: 2018-11-05 12:48:10
Binance is supporting the fork which means they will support the so called "airdrop". If you have BCH on their site before the fork, then after the fork if there are 2 coins you will have equal quantities of both. They aren't going to be able to get away with like only giving 50% of each coin, or any other distribution. That is not how it works unless they've explicitly stated that somewhere (which they haven't).
@_date: 2016-09-23 00:48:18
hmm, time for reddit though.
@_date: 2016-09-05 02:10:10


Hardly. Try something like menufy.com to buy lunch. 


Not really. You are treating it like actual gold. Yes hodling has it's place, but the origin of the "hodl" term came from a trader, someone who is actively buying and selling and in this one particular case they decided to hodl as the price was tanking. Also he was drunk at the time.
Hardly a philosophy to base a new currency on.
@_date: 2016-09-25 20:17:18
No I'm calling bullshit on that. Produce a list of banned users to start with. Last time I saw you on this trend, you were all riled up about anduckk, I spent a decent amount of time reviewing his posts and discussing his situation with mods. He seemed to pretty much like a troll, to me, and was claiming censorship when that wasn't what was happening.
Rate limiting is based on karma as far as I understand it and so is not user specific. Pretty much people can go to r/btc and say stuff against what they know is not popular there. They will get downvoted and can then claim "censorship" because their posts are hard to see or they hit a karma based rate limit. Then they get you to make negative comments about r/btc or maybe you do it on your own. Either way, you are either being manipulative or you are being manipulated.
If you have some cases, present them. My guess is that all of them were claiming censorship and claiming this and that which wasn't true. Their bullshit about that and mod harassment is what got them banned.
**Make no mistake**. I have seen some misdeeds on r/btc from specific mods. Some of them have thin skins when they should be thick. I have argued that some of them be removed because of this. In fact I got muted from messaging the mods for 72 hours while discussing anduckk's case with them. Still I haven't seen much evidence of mass outright abuse. If it is there, present it (preferably somewhere on Medium or site where it will not get buried under downvotes, or subject to censorship itself).
@_date: 2016-09-26 12:03:23
If you are still confused keep asking questions.
@_date: 2016-09-26 10:33:51
Moderators tend to ban people that say stuff like "go fuck yourself". You self admitted that you were basically being an ass:


Oh here was what got you banned, the moderators told you this:


Here's some other choice comments (yes completely out of context, but still offensive, and I think these were all in r/bitcoin). Sorry no time to cut paste all the links.








So really, if someone is going to claim that is right and that is banning people for agreeing with him, then can we at least get an example that isn't also telling people to fuck off all the time.
@_date: 2016-09-26 17:34:11
Yes as you well know they have bypassed it for basically all well known core contributors. What they have not done (and I don't blame them) is to go do this for every single person who posts on r/btc or for every single person that hits the rate limit.
The rate limit does serve a purpose after all. I don't think it is r/btc's intention to have zero moderation.
@_date: 2019-01-06 03:48:18
Yup it's a thing. Verify every tx, every block, then just keep what you need. UTXO set of course. So there is no issue with that.
@_date: 2016-09-29 11:18:14
If Circle can show your balance in BTC instead of $ then you'll see you  are not losing a single satoshi.
Do you own any stocks? I bought Twitter shares a while back and they got cut in half. Meanwhile buying bitcoin a few times a month has led to a doubling in value.
Don't freak out because in the conversion to $ you lost 12 cents over 30 minutes. Conversion price to $ goes up and down. It is up $367 since last year (you would have more than doubled your $).
@_date: 2017-04-28 12:44:09
Hey that's awesome. Hope it spreads. joining now.
@_date: 2016-09-23 11:57:54
Really, so no use of native P2WSH?? Won't we be wasting ~20 bytes per tx this way?
@_date: 2019-01-06 13:37:34
Hmm, look at Lightning Network, that requires a lot of innovation so I'm not sure what Jimmy's issue is. Is he still of the mindset that Bitcoin should not be used at all? Are the rest of you also of that mindset?
@_date: 2019-01-01 05:56:48
Hope it is real, but I zoomed in and wasn't sure if someone just did some creative photoshopping here. Hard to say.
@_date: 2017-09-27 01:15:50
What is the problem exactly? Vinny's summary of events leading to Segwit/2x seems pretty spot on. He generally doesn't want HF's, and supports good technology. If anything you could say he is trying to be too diplomatic and is trying to appease both sides I guess. 
Just terrible to be rational and moderate.
@_date: 2016-09-11 00:42:20
Stock?? Yes there is one fund traded over the counter GBTC (and an ETF is on the way), but most people just buy bitcoin directly from an exchange and then transfer that to a bitcoin wallet they control. Others buy from localbitcoins. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:40:29


You mean you ran a git log command? Because when I run this:
    find . -name "*" | xargs grep -i amaury 2&gt;/dev/null
I get :


./src/chainparams.cpp:        // Amaury SCHET
./src/chainparams.cpp:        // Amaury SCHET
./src/config.h:// Copyright (c) 2017 Amaury SCHET
./src/globals.cpp:// Copyright (c) 2017 Amaury SCHET
./src/globals.h:// Copyright (c) 2017 Amaury SCHET
./src/test/inv_tests.cpp:// Copyright (c) 2017 Amaury SCHET
./src/test/undo_tests.cpp:// Copyright (c) 2017 Amaury SCHET
So 8 files with his name and the ones that claim copyright do not appear to be files that exist the original Bitcoin Core repo. Do you see anything missing with those files. Any misattribution or false authorship claim? If so please point it out. If on the other hand your are referring to source control meta data that is another thing.
Git automatically assigns the Author field to the person performing the commit. Every time you type 'git commit -m 'some code'' it goes under your name. This is how every developer does it. If you copy some code from another source then you typically include the copyright notice from that file somewhere in your files as well (these notices are present in the Bitcoin ABC code). You do not type: 'git commit -m 'some stuff' --author '&lt;name of the 10 guys i found by typing git log on the other repo&gt;'.
@_date: 2018-11-04 17:22:23


Binance is supporting BCH fork [
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:57:13
While I agree that letting small groups of corporations control things is not good, I think the context of NYA/2x has to be taken into account here. 
We have had years of in-fighting about block size. We had miners who did not want to activate segwit as it was planned and miner signaling indicated it indeed had low support. We had the HK agreement. We had UASF efforts which were considered unwise by many (including prominent core devs). We had miners and corporations that make up a huge part of the bitcoin economy agree to do Segwit2x instead of nothing at all (no segwit). Now that segwit was activated because of the NYA (or credit uasf if that is your thing),  miners and corporations are simply following through with their plan.
Not saying I like 2x really, but we really do have some small groups that have tons of power and the miners+corps are not the ones I mean.
@_date: 2017-09-11 15:00:30
Title of his issue in the Bitcoin ABC repo: ["Notice of copyright infrigement"](
So you are incorrect. He also calls the behavior "fraudulent". 
By this logic getting a zip file from Github for any open source project and not copying the .git repository would also be fraudulent and copyright infringement.
Git repository logs (detailed commit info visible only by running git commands) is not the way to assign copyrights, it is absolutely not fraudulent in a fork of an open source MIT license project to do 'git commit -m "fix for utxo database" ' instead of git commit -m "fix for utxo database" --author "Peter Wuille"  . It might be nice to reference the original author, but it is not required or else all open source projects and forks of them are totally fucked.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:56:39
Lol you mean [this]( ?


really are still too large, and this blunt-style hardfork quite risky even
with consensus.
I mean come on man.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:16:56


That what happened? Clearly we do know that the Author flag in the git metadata relating to these changes is different in the ABC repo vs the original. I have never claimed otherwise. 


I think the work is copyrightable if it is not trivial.  But it is copyrighted (give benefit of doubt) and licensed in a way that makes copying it legal and not a copyright infringement. 


I'm not sure if was deliberate or not. "git commit -m "utxo fix"' seems innocent enough. Even "git commit -m 'utxo fix' --author Sechet" may be bad practice and possibly unethical if done deliberately to hide the original author, but it is not copyright infringement. Maybe plagiarism. Not a copyright infringement.


Note that it doesn't mention authorship attribution here.


But that is not what happened here. Nor would that be copyright infringement.  Might be sleazy or some other crime. But again that is not what occurred here and I take issue that you imply it did. 
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:20:50
Corallo is a co-founder of blockstream. 
@_date: 2016-09-25 20:01:22
cryptic, not helpful.
@_date: 2016-09-17 13:52:24


I'd like to see evidence of that. I'm sure they look at 1 jump (sending bitcoin from coinbase account to gambling site), but I haven't heard of anything beyond that. Not saying it doesn't happen, but would like to see the evidence.
@_date: 2016-09-11 00:35:25
Yeah, those Bitfinex guys are great too ;)
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:38:12
The post only mentions user or users 2 times that I could find.


The "economic majority" as originally used, means those that are willing to offer goods and services in exchange for bitcoin. Since then in some contexts it also means the owners of bitcoin that are willing to spend bitcoin, but this is less common. 


You feel that "users" are the real power. Vinny knows this, hence the quote above. Whether he believes this or not is unclear to me. Clearly users have some power, and businesses and services have a lot of power as well and I bet Vinny would agree. I felt that during the UASF campaign that the celebration of businesses supporting it was a lot greater than the number of non business/service nodes supporting it.
Already we are seeing people supporting the no2x campaign celebrate when a business/service rejects 2x. Why? Why does it matter what businesses/services do? Cause they are a big part of the economy, maybe even &gt;50% which would make them a majority :)
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:35:37
But the project name is on the top of all the files. Bitcoin Core developers. The lead developer? Who is that?
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:25:54


@_date: 2016-09-28 09:53:24
kyletorpey [is now unbanned]( 
I would also think that could get unbanned as well if he contacted the mods, or I would be glad to do that for him. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:25:47
I'm not an accountant but I might think that your cost basis would be the fair market value of the work that you provided to earn the bitcoins. Look up some info under barter exchanges and taxes. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 19:55:40


From this: 




When you submit work to an open source project with a clear MIT license governing works of the project you essentially give the world permission to use the work according to that license which does not require (in this case) specific line by line authorship attribution. Some projects may have official copyright transfer agreements in place. Bitcoin Core does not.
So while the work itself may technically be copyrighted, it is a copyright whose use is governed by the MIT license. So yeah, copyrighted but licensed. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:15:11


I didn't realize I was obsessing.  The license simply seems fairly pertinent to the issue at hand. Right the license does not require line by line authorship and attribution, I'm glad you agree. 


Accused someone of copyright infringement and fraud because they committed code copied from an MIT licensed open source repository. All the code files say "Copyright Bitcoin Core" or similar at the top in the copied repository. All the files.


There was no author stripping in the files themselves. In the git repository metadata (not the files themselves) attribution for the commit was (my understanding) given to deadalnix not sipa as in the original metadata. However this is a quirk of git repositories and usage and very very likely was done as a matter of course not with a specific intent to remove attribution (attribution on this level which is not required by the MIT license to which the copyright holder released their work, but I obsess again I guess).
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:05:20
Copyright notices are in the files themselves not in the git repository logs used to maintain source control.
Claiming that every git commit is its [own copyrighted work]( separate from the MIT license governing the project is fairly insane.
Every single file in the commit mentioned by gmax credits Bitcoin Core developers. Every single file. Are you claiming that if I move this repository to a new source control system that I have to create a record of who authored every line of code and if not I am in violation of a copyright even though the MIT license governing the project has no such requirement?????
While I admit that maintaining such a list of authors would be nice, it is not required by the license.
@_date: 2017-09-11 20:03:34


If the license that it was submitted under does not require this then it is not required in US.


No it is not. I can download a zip of bitcoin core right now, create my own repo and do "git commit -m 'initial import'". I can now publish this code and do anything with it in compliance with the MIT license under which is was governed. This is not claiming authorship or anything of the sort. It is simply a git commit. The works themselves contain the copyright notices as well as the overall license to the project.
Someone typing "git commit" is not claiming or stripping authorship. They are committing sources to their source code repository.  If those sources are licensed in such a way that allows this copying then there is no violation. MIT license does allow this kind of copying. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:37:03
Spendable?? Swoop it up? Explain.
Can't spend an op_return. Pruning done after the fact.
Edit: ok, misunderstood what you meant by "this". It seemed like at first you were agreeing with the parent comment, and were like "yes, this op_return form is spendable too" but you meant the new form of replay protection which is not op_return.
@_date: 2017-09-11 11:35:04
thanks, yeah fixed that right after posting.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:01:56
So in summary, according to MacGregor and Mathews, Craig had financial incentive to reveal/claim he was Satoshi. Or was it MacGregor and Mathews that stood to gain?




So was CSW contractually obligated to claim he was Satoshi due to the 29 June 2015 signing? Did he get additional monies by doing so? This is not discussed (that I could find). What were the terms of the June contract?
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:41:16
Generally yes, unless there is some other 2-factor authentication that is not phone number based.
For large amounts, mobile phone is not really recommended. Hardware wallet, paper wallet or offline computer perhaps.
@_date: 2017-09-03 14:50:22
Why did developerthing blog just re-post [a blog from 2014]( without attribution? Original was by Ken Shirriff.
@_date: 2017-09-27 03:20:03
All I see is Vinny attempting to be upfront (publishing all this) and supportive of bitcoin, while maintaining a moderate viewpoint that is able to see different sides of arguments.
On the other hand we have the OP here which starts as a hit piece on Vinny, and it seems sadly to be working on some. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:01:44


What misrepresentation exactly? I mean really I have seen no misreprenstation in the specific commit that gmax said was a copyright violation.


I haven't seen any evidence of this. So if it is true that you have murdered 10 people then it is indeed pretty bad :)
Let us be clear. Gmax is pissed 1) because jj disclosed bitcoin core bug before core had fix ready to release 2) that jj mentioned that Bitcoin ABC/Cash (a competing project) had already deployed a fix for this 3) that the fix was copied from the open source project under MIT license known as Bitcoin Core.
If bitcoin core code cannot be copied and re-used or requires special attribution requirements not specified under MIT license shown in the repo, then please explain what those are to the community.
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:33:42
No all the files have "The Bitcoin Core developers
" on them. Every single file that was altered here has that. So --author="From bitcoin.org" isn't either necessary or accurate (since bitcoin.org is just a website and the files are not hosted there (only binaries I think)).


I haven't seen him doing that. Can you link to it? I saw JJ's presentation about the actual security flaw and he said that Bitcoin ABC had already deployed the fix.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:51:04
That's not a recommendation for a hard fork, that is an anti hardfork recommendation.
Sounds like good fodder for a cartoon.








@_date: 2017-10-16 12:19:26


Do we have the full headers for that email somewhere ( the btcdrack post only had partial headers). 
The other thing you don't address is that this doesn't really sound like Satoshi. Granted that is a subjective opinion. Has any writing analysis been done on this email to see if it matches well to his other stuff?
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:38:24
Gmax claimed copyright infringement. Please explain where the infringement is.
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:49:01
localbitcoins will likely be effectively shutdown soon if my tea leaf readings are correct.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:07:49
not actually on cnn. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 11:21:08
I just checked every single file that was changed as part of the [commit referenced by gmaxwell]( . Every single one has the proper copyright notice on top crediting Bitcoin Core developers and Satoshi.
So what is the problem?
can you please point to where copyright was removed in that commit? 
Edit: [Image of the tops of all the files changed from ABC repo is here.]( All have appropriate credits that I can see.
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:18:16


I'm not sure what you are getting at. I was referring here to the copyright notice at the top of all the source control files. This is a form of attribution.


// Distributed under the MIT software license, see the accompanying
// file COPYING or 
So I was indicating that all those notices are still there in the copied files. Gmax did not specifically indicate that his claim amounted to the usage of the git source code repository commands and why he thinks that it is copyright infringement to copy and paste some code (if that was how it was done) and issue a 'git commit' command without the "--author" flag. 
So do you think it is copyright infringement to copy MIT licensed works and maintain the copyright notice at the top of the files (as well as the main MIT license file) but to neglect to do "git commit --author" for some specific works?
@_date: 2018-02-02 04:25:36
I've seen this answer elsewhere but I disagree (and some others do to), I mean I don't disagree that it is safest, but that it is correct to treat as ordinary income.
Fork coins are not new money received, it is more like a new market opened where you can sell your existing property (with the very odd fact that you also can sell that same property somewhere else). 
To understand this, ask yourself, if you "received" fork coins, where did you receive them from? The answer (assuming you held your pre-fork coins in your own wallet with private key) is really from no where. You didn't receive anything new. A new system was created that let you sell your existing coins which were held in UTXOs that are timestamped as pre-fork in an unforgeable timestamp system. So at fork time nothing is received. You are literally signing outputs that were created before the fork.
Under Glenhaw my understanding is that there must be an undeniable accession to wealth, clearly realized. I don't feel those criteria are met. Consider if Satoshi was US citizen. He would owe millions because someone decided to fork the chain on Aug 1st (assume he also demonstrated control), yet most of his coins were created in 2009-2011 and are timestamped accordingly.
However, yes always Safest to pay the maximum amount of tax conceivable if there is a doubt. This doesn't make it the correct move.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:02:42
No, since coins were moved at end of August and Gold fork is after that.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:09:55


where was this done? I mean where did the original author ask politely not to change any lines?\
Anyway it appears we agree that no misattribution was made in the source code files themselves and nor any misrepresentation was done in those files as they would appear if you click on the download ZIP link from Bitcoin ABC repository. This entire dustup apparently has to do with someone copying pasting some code as they are legally allowed to do (with proper copyright notices included) and then because of the particular source control system that happens to default the "Author" meta data to the current committer the claim is that they have committed copyright infringement and fraud.
Please show me where exactly the copyright infringement is please. If Bitcoin ABC was not using source control or using a system that did not have an Author field, what would be the violation? What are the requirements for using Bitcoin Core code?
@_date: 2016-09-13 01:09:41
Wow somebody has time on their hands. Big paper. Thanks papa.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:29:46
Really, here is what Vinny said:


@_date: 2016-09-14 10:42:42


Easier to move is a bit of an understatement. I think trivializing this and comparing bitcoin to gold will lead to false conclusions. Gold mining is not as predictable as bitcoin mining, gold is pretty &amp; has industrial uses, and that is non-trivial, gold is quite hard to move.
@_date: 2017-10-26 21:05:52
Link to source of the bit gold comments please.
@_date: 2017-09-27 13:27:35


Oh, really. Thanks, again you attack first without showing any misunderstanding. But yes finally you point out one thing you think Vinny has misunderstood: Leadership of core.
Except he doesn't misunderstand that there is no leadership, he knows there is no leadership. What he possibly misunderstands is why lack of leadership can be good. That there is no person to make a deal with, that you have to convince people your idea is a good one. Yes perhaps he doesn't quite get that. But if you look at the next email he actually understands pretty well:


Vinny is basically saying, look, you have no leadership, ok that is fine, but this is causing confusion, frustration and creating enemies. Result is that you will have situations like 2x arising. Instead we could have safely hardforked as a unified community by now. Safely, securely, with good technology, debate, review. Instead years of infighting, battles, etc. 
Now personally I don't know if that is due to lack of leadership. And leadership isn't what we signed up for. Also Vinny isn't saying you must have leadership, but he seems to think that when you don't have leadership situations like 2x are inevitable. He might be right, hard to know for sure.


Yeah, lets not parse the HKA. It was bad, should not have happened and if you start to parse the words like "agreed to propose a blocksize increase" you are falling into that. Just don't.
@_date: 2017-10-17 02:14:42
It just says "Partial headers from the email:" and doesn't include much. All emails I get have a whole lot more.
@_date: 2017-09-12 11:04:35
Always in my experience.
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:06:58
Bottom line: do not put recovery phrase &amp; pin under your daughters pillow for safe keeping :)
@_date: 2017-10-04 10:54:10
~~I'm not following. What do you mean code is not an op_return anymore? OP_RETURN outputs are valid and unspendable in bitcoin core. Can you just use more words to explain.~~
Edit: Ok, i misunderstood . When he said "This is also prunable as it is spendable" the "this" was I guess referring to the new form of replay protection. I thought the "this" was commenting on the comment above where someone was asking about OP_RETURN.
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:15:49
I'm not really sure what Wright's Satoshiness or lack thereof matters with regards to "BCash" price. Some people genuinely think 8meg blocks without segwit are a good alternative to have. I doubt that many people are making buying decisions on CSW creds.
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:41:04
Fortunately he didn't serve 20 years.


@_date: 2017-10-07 11:28:23
@_date: 2017-09-12 02:30:28
Again there is no claim of authorship that I am aware of. So maybe not giving all due credit. I don't think "implemented a fix" is misrepresenting by itself. Also I have not seen these interviews. Can you link?


Again I haven't seen evidence of this.
Keep in mind the first bitcoin commit in git looks like this:
    git show 4405b78d6059e536c36974088a8ed4d9f0f29898
  


    Author: sirius-m &lt;sirius-m 
    Date:   Sun Aug 30 03:46:39 2009 +0000
    First commit
Now we don't know for sure that sirus-m is not Satoshi but nobody really thinks he is (AFAIK). But yet the Author flag is set to sirius-m
@_date: 2017-10-07 11:31:29
I was thinking it might be cool to open a bitcoin bar/lounge in NYC where either they only accepted bitcoin/crypto and/or you had to pay a btc cover charge to get in. Of course the clientele might be a bit too lopsided. Thoughts?
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:49:37
yeah which is probably fake news scam site. Probably should be removed from reddit.
@_date: 2016-09-22 01:57:13
no comic relief section :(
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:49:46
Blind leading the blind !!!
Watched a few minutes but it made me cringe so bad. Who are the people being "interviewed" by the sec folks? They seem to know almost nothing.
How can SEC advisory committee not get experts to advise them? 
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:09:29
I thought the guests did a pretty good job.
@_date: 2017-10-31 23:11:37
I still have access to a few web wallets I created and sent to friends to try to encourage them to check out bitcoin. What was once a $15 wallet is now $200 or more.
Edit: Lol, I just checked and the $15 is worth $391 right now.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:24:25
SPV in this context might include some mobile wallets for Coinbase, Blockchain.info, etc. Coinbase says they have 27mln wallets, some of those are probably web only so  lets not count those, but I'm sure a few mil(see Android stats below) are mobile app wallets.  Whether those count enough to be called "SPV" is up to who you ask. 
Other stats:
* Bitcoin Wallet on Android: 1,000,000 - 5,000,000 downloads
* Coinbase on Android: 1,000,000 - 5,000,000 downloads
* Blockchain.info on Android: 1,000,000 - 5,000,000
So thats a lot right there and those numbers ignore iPhone.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:17:54
down voting so we can stop talking about him, sorry.
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:31:29


Well you haven't shown that, just claimed it. That was one problem I had with your post. It just stated he doesn't understand bitcoin, then showed some emails that really don't support that case IMO.
And what does "understand bitcoin" even mean? Technically? Economically? How people feel about it? Your particular vision of it? There are lots of ways to understand and to misunderstand bitcoin but without being specific it is just a bad attack.
As far as 2x goes, there are certainly reasons for supporting bigger blocks (in fact segwit itself allows for a 4x increase in bytes of what is transmitted). I don't think many people (users, devs, traders, hodlers) really support changing bitcoin consensus with weekend meetings between a few large corps. However, there was a large lead up to this, and I think the idea was (just one version): that this is what really everyone besides prominent core devs wants, so we are going to do it. I'm not saying that is accurate, but I think that was part of the equation. 
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:28:19


I see no comments by Sipa the actual author of the changes (at least that is what I understand).


I'm sure it is possible. But not required and not done by all.
Please explain in your own words where the copyright infringement actually took place. We have a claim of fraud, copyright infringement and authorship misattribution (although perhaps some of those go together?).
Is it your claim that failure to set the Author flag properly and then distributing that code amounts to copyright infringement? 
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:42:52


You'll have to show me how to do that. Looks like a database to me: 
    2261232 Sep 11 18:21 ./objects/pack/pack-3d1e34b02507cad7b56a3245d56f6ddce349538a.idx
    66606990 Sep 11 18:21 ./objects/pack/pack-3d1e34b02507cad7b56a3245d56f6ddce349538a.pack


Habit and also find can be used for other things. Plus the grep command seems ages and ages slower when done on its own. Compare yourself.


If you copy and paste some code and do a commit, then Author is you not the source you copied and pasted from. Frankly I don't know how Sechet did these. Do you?
Anyway can you explain where the copyright infringement is? After all this discussion I have seen nowhere where this is pointed out. Doing git commit without the Author flag is copyright infringement? But just copying the code is fine? Explain.
@_date: 2017-09-22 03:28:10
Best news I've heard all day. Not that it would be bad for bitcoin to lose some dependency on China, just not all at once please.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:35:55
Well get to hashing then.
@_date: 2017-10-02 20:28:53
So wanting to follow a chain that is protected with tons of hashrate is bad? Sure it could be, but not necessarily so.
Don't you think it is bad for bcash to have low hashrate? Or is that not a factor at all?
Is following a chain with the most nodes the way to do it? Does one always stick with the chain that hasn't hard forked under any circumstances? 
Personally I think what "defines bitcoin" is more than one metric. It is not necessarily just node count or hash rate or developer team or governance or consensus rules. Those are all pieces of the puzzle. We all get to decide what works for us.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:34:54
It is a factor when billions of dollars rest on the immutability of the blockchain. While 51% still makes little sense for the attacker it is vastly easier to do when hashrate is a fraction of its current value.
The computing resources it takes to produce a block are important. That is what proof of work is all about. The difficulty of the chain can't represent hidden hash power, and usually there isn't much of that, but after a split like this there is.
Now emergency proof of work change is possible for a minority chain, but that may still be controversial.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:02:14
I think you are confusing copyright vs. plagiarism. 
These are sometimes intertwined but treated separately under the law (at least in the U). 
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:50:33
Not representing, maybe I misunderstood your comment:


But anyway: 


Please link to where this was discussed ( I assume it was a while ago when the changes were made, not today, right).


Yes I wasn't sure if he just copied and pasted. This might be the case if he didn't want to grab everything.
Anyway please show me where the copyright infringement is.
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:01:38
Yes, did the same as well as checking to make sure he moved his BCH coins as well (he did). Coins were moved at end of August. Hopefully doesn't mind people knowing all his transaction info (it is a bit of a privacy loss). He did pixelate the video towards the end but it was after showing the mnemonic.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:38:52
Then what is all the fuss about? Miners want to switch, let em. Bitcoin services want to switch, who cares. As long as you and your buddies run the nodes you want, all is good. Just start rejecting all blocks signaling NYA right now.
@_date: 2017-10-03 01:07:13
Well I don't know if bitcoin cash gets majority very often does it? Anyway, it is twitter ~~140~~ 240 chars and all, hard to express every possibility.
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:02:49
yeah BCH coins moved as well.
@_date: 2015-09-02 19:41:35
Yeah I missed that too until I watched his vid. See the comparison of BIP101 vs BIP100 
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:50:49
Which one do you like, and what other proposals can we add to this? 
For BIP100 of course I just gave 2 possible scenarios, more are possible and it is hard to know what is realistic.  BIP101 does grow linearly after the first jump, which is not what I first thought when hearing about it.
@_date: 2015-09-10 21:48:45
Well, that's a lot of different kinds of players to get for consensus and is easily blocked by a company or person that may have an economic advantage if things stay stagnant. 
Also I'm confused a bit why miners and even nodes would be irrelevant. What is it precisely that makes "Coinbase" important, but the top 10 mining operations irrelevant? Perhaps a definition based on the amount of bitcoin under "control" by that entity would be a start, although giving Coinbase credit for controlling private keys doesn't seem right.  Can you provide any true definition for what defines economic importance here (size of VC investment, coins under control, transactions signed, transactions passing through their systems, wallets under control, etc.)? 
To invoke some I.M.B. analogies (since I know you are a fan, as am I), surely if the core devs and other experts are the "Minds" of Bitcoin, then the miners, nodes and companies are its "Ships", and the users (wallet holders) it's Citizens. So I'm surprised that any of these would be considered irrelevant. 
@_date: 2015-09-20 15:15:00


I don't get that. He doesn't have a wallet yet. That is the whole point. Also how do I generate a private key for him from my mobile wallet and export it (they don't support that generally afaik)?
@_date: 2015-09-14 02:06:00


I'm not sure he used the "S" word (unless that came out in the Q&amp;A which I missed), but right, I mean definitely not all of his talk will resonate with the bitcoin crowd (the part about roads, etc).


Yeah, but we do need to start spending it too. I mean if we, the enthusiasts, can't get out and spend, and all our transactions are just shuffling bitcoin back and forth between our Trezors, our phone wallets, our paper wallets, etc then I think that sends a bad message to the rest of the world. If everyone that held bitcoin committed to spending a bit each month (on real products, food, services or donations to causes) then I think that would make a big difference.
@_date: 2015-09-20 19:29:42


For sure they can learn more by setting up their own wallet but, sometimes I find myself telling someone about Bitcoin, and then I'm like, "ok I'm going to send you some bitcoins. What you need to do is open the app store, search for bitcoin wallet, yup that's a good one, ok download that, open it, make up a passcode, ...", just takes too long in a social setting sometimes. 
Just want to send them coins fast man.
@_date: 2017-10-19 11:58:51
aren't they shutting down though by end of month?
@_date: 2015-09-20 19:14:46
Yeah change tip is good if you (the sender) have an account &amp; balance there already and want to send someone the feeling of having bitcoin without really sending them that ("changetip uses an internal ledger to process tips off-chain").
Moneypacket.org is closer to what I'm proposing but is still a bit awkward (I can copy and paste the money packet details into an email, and send that to the receiver, along with the password for the money packet, then receiver has to copy and paste that at moneypacket.org and then potentially transfer to a bitcoin wallet or maybe keep it there). 
@_date: 2015-09-21 12:44:44
rushwallet is indeed very cool and close to what I was envisioning in the post. 
Still it would be cool if there was a secure way of emailing someone a wallet like this without me (the sender) having their private key (url in this case) in my outbox, and without anyone sniffing email traffic being able to grab it. 
But definitely if I want to show someone about Bitcoin quickly it is not too bad to talk them through the rushwallet process (go to rushwallet.com, drag finger around, add page to homescreen (on mobile), ok let me scan that qr to send you some coins). Not yet perfect for my use case but closer.
@_date: 2015-09-20 19:25:57
Pretty sure you have to have a coinapult account first to send, right?
@_date: 2015-09-03 01:24:03


Yeah, this one is better, used a section of Gavin's C code to generated it : 
@_date: 2015-09-08 17:07:21


Ok, so miners not relevant, fine. Probably not nodes either, right? Is it the "economic majority" then? If so please direct me to where you explain what that is or what defines it (not the group that signed the BIP101 document I guess).
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:47:53
yup was about to post the same
@_date: 2015-09-01 12:22:19


Yeah, but it ain't gonna last the way it is. Can't just put our heads in the sand and wait.
@_date: 2015-09-02 23:24:13
Yeah, was dividing by the wrong number. This time I ran code I copied directly from [REDACTED] and got the piecewise linear:  
So after all that, my original wasn't off by too much really.
Code for generating is here: 
@_date: 2015-09-02 19:47:53
Yeah, didn't really notice that. Was working fast, and haven't used Google Sheets much for charts.
@_date: 2015-09-02 21:18:08
Yeah, it took people a while to notice that my original is off, including me.
~~Revised image is here  (also posted that in lead comment up top).~~
Better revised image  generated using C code from the source. So yes it is a piecewise linear but generally exponential over the long term, but point remains that it will take us till 2020 to get to 32mb. My original did not represent that accurately.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:51:43


Sooo much better because you know exactly what the maximum is and you can plan for that, and you know exactly when the next maximum can occur.
Bip101 goes up all at once to 8mb max, which is a bit of a jump, but then doesn't go up at all for another 2 YEARS !!!. **EDIT=&gt;** (max block size will increase linearly from 8mb to 16mb over 2 years with bip101)
Bip100 can get to 32mb blocks in a bit over 1 year if miners decide to vote that way, and it can change every 3 months.
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:27:35


Yes I agree with that as well. Saw some people like Paul Sztorc and a couple of other complain about the incentives and the 60/40 split of fees proposed. But their arguments seemed thin and not fully worked out. Certainly the fee splitting and the exact 60/40 ratio does seem like a possible weakness but it seems sort of silly to think miners will opt for this fairly bizarre out of band scheme in an attempt to fool everyone else.
@_date: 2016-10-10 00:19:47
BitGo will sign any transaction sent to them with the proper API keys and/or proper webhook response. 
In other words, if customer's API server is compromised, all private keys held by BitGo are useless. They will sign anything sent to them with no algorithmic restrictions at all.
@_date: 2015-09-01 12:03:28
It's like the miners saw this bit of candy on the floor and all went to grab it at once, instead of going for the nice wrapped package on the shelf.
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:20:11
Nobody owns the name really. Anyway the other 'projects' do have their own names. If any of them is successful and we have a chain split with more than one chain living on, then no doubt the marketplace will name the 'coin' after the project name: Bitcoin U... , Bitcoin Cl..., etc.
@_date: 2016-10-27 10:59:22
Counterintuitively, to some degree, **higher** storage/CPU/bandwidth costs are a **decentralization** pressure.
Everyone thinks that minimal CPU, etc is good. However this can lead to people running low cost nodes on centralized hosting providers like Amazon, rackspace, etc. Which in turn can lead to sybil attacks, easy infiltration by governments, etc.
Personally I had a node running on Linode (I know it is not the lowest cost provider out there) that simply ran out of space. I could have upgraded but didn't want to pay for the increased monthly storage costs. 
Because it is actually cheaper for me in the long run to purchase a 1TB drive than to rent that at a provider, it can be said that a blockchain that requires a lot of storage induces people to get off of virtual private servers. And similarly for CPU. Obviously there are limits to this argument, but I rarely see it taken into account at all.
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:15:05
I know nobody trusts banks, but you can use a bank safety deposit box to store a 24 word mnemonic, as well as instructions on how to use it.
I would think that the banks have mechanisms to distribute property from safety deposit boxes in the case of death. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 20:43:30


The only reason I limited it to 2019 is because going beyond that doesn't seem practical at this stage, plus I have to just guess at what BIP100 is going to do. But yeah I guess I could have gone out till BIP101 hit 32mb at least. No point in showing up to 2036 since BIP100 is not really defined past 32mb. 
~~But actually, reviewing Gavin's pseudo code some more it looks like BIP101 in fact has a step function every 2 years, and the linear bit just increases the blocks size slightly, until the 2 years and then it jumps. Which would lead to an image like this:  , and there would be another jump in 2020 that would bring BIP101 to 32mb, (edit) so more like this: 
~~Edit: So with that 2nd revised image I'm not as crazy about BIP101 but at least it is predictable. If anyone has another interpretation of Gavin's code, let me know.~~
Edited: 3rd revised image is here   generated from [C code]( .
@_date: 2016-10-24 10:53:51
Well it was simply the idea that we could make those transactions with bitcoin at all. In other words a ubiquitous crypto currency instead of one just being used by a small group (us).
That is where the idea comes from.
Yes we are at the dawn of LN, if that ends up being great then it can solve these problems. If LN has issues, though it threatens the growth of bitcoin as a currency. Sort of a lot to bank on you know.
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:29:25


Link? I saw E.G. Sirer's presentation but that was on Bitcoin Covenants.


NG seems far simpler but admittedly I haven't really watched the whole braiding presentation. What is the gist of it?
@_date: 2016-10-10 20:57:50
What would be some good features of this kind of market, that make it different than say Bitsquare, Shapeshift and existing exchanges?
I'd love to start building something if there is a genuine gap somewhere.
@_date: 2015-09-20 13:44:51
Why they failed:   
Not in top results for "Bitcoin Wallet" on either Google Play or Apple App Store. 
Google Play shows them at 5000-10,000 downloads, compared to say  Blockchain wallet at 100,000 - 500,000
@_date: 2015-09-20 19:25:04
Well the link would contain the login key, or potentially even the private key itself. Maybe ask the sender for a pass phrase to encrypt it with (which then isn't stored by the service and has to be told to the receiver). Most banks, websites, everything use email to reset your passwords. 
After initial wallet is setup, then 2 factor auth or a passcode could be configured if desired. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 11:48:31


I'm surprised you are still holding to your XT != Bitcoin stance. If not for Garziks BIP100, you'd be seeing all the miners vote for BIP101/XT don't you think? Then you would have to change your tune, right? 
While  you see yourself as the "protector" of bitcoin you are also the most centralized aspect of bitcoin. You are a core dev with the alert key, you are a mod of this subreddit and mod of bitcointalk. More over you've decided what is and what is not Bitcoin and are using your authority to squash anything that threatens your version of "bitcoin".
@_date: 2016-10-22 23:38:38
wallet files are encrypted with a password/passphrase are they not?
@_date: 2016-10-11 00:21:04
Those order types exist on [some/all exchanges]( so what is missing? You mean doing that in a decentralized way?
Ideally I'm looking for something that isn't just for day traders. 
@_date: 2016-10-24 04:36:34
It got confirmed in block 435619.
@_date: 2016-10-19 00:34:12
Hmm, not loving those domain names, and what I saw there (used browswerling because they look scary) didn't impress me (sorry if they are your creations). I was looking for a set of real playing cards devoted to bitcoin/crypto with art like the one shown by the OP.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:37:43
I just can't get why anyone who is not a miner would be in favor of BIP100 (except if they just want to 'distract' people from BIP101). It just gives so much control to the miners, and would be terrible for nodes where your bandwidth needed could double at almost anytime.
@_date: 2016-10-22 16:10:28


It is entirely accurate if, given their simplifying assumptions, there is no backlog of transactions. In other words when one block is found, there are 0 transactions left to be mined. So for block to be profitable you have to wait for more transactions (aka fees for miners) to arrive and get to a level where it is profitable again.
They are aware that is a big simplification but I think they claim their points still hold up when that is removed.
@_date: 2015-11-28 15:18:44


Well, that is a big problem in the design I think. If a transaction has the correct fees in terms of bitcoins per kb, and is not so small to be considered a spam transaction, then it should confirm. Otherwise bitcoin doesn't work very well and they should adjust the transaction prioritization code in bitcoin-core. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 00:12:58
It's fascinating how so many people resist the idea that we might actually have to use bitcoins for something. Overall I think the community is hurt a bit by the whole hodler mentality, which was born really out of a bitcoin traders comment.
We do indeed need to use bitcoin as a medium of exchange. That is where it is great: borderless, censorship resistant, fraud resistant, fast, etc. None of those properties do you much good if coins are just sitting in your wallet forever. Spend !!! (then buy again)
@_date: 2016-10-24 00:17:01
Were the coins on Coinbase, or Circle, or a mobile wallet, or where? What wallet or provider?
@_date: 2015-11-27 18:38:12
Ok, the opt-in part I like.
@_date: 2015-09-01 12:43:44
I don't think mike is convinced any bitcocalypse would occur, it is a possibility, but I think he's more concerned about general degradation (if we overflow 1mb blocks) and people slowly leaving bitcoin so as to reach a steady state of no growth.
@_date: 2016-10-22 21:39:42
We are coming up on 2 years (in Feb) since original presentation (at SF bitcoin devs).
If we are to believe that LN is nearing completion in various different implementations then it is not a great time to re-work all of the protocol and still think a usable version will be ready soon.
Once it was obvious that different groups had strong dev teams working on this, deciding on a standard protocol would have been a good move.
@_date: 2016-10-03 02:01:41
No, they would just make you define what a "villian" is and say that your post has no meaning until you can define that. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 03:49:43
It is only by reaching beyond what is easy and known that we can reach new heights.
@_date: 2016-10-05 10:14:52
Trezor is great (I use it) except for the inherent trust we are giving to the manufacturer.
@_date: 2016-10-12 13:29:57
There are many people that believe that Segwit as a soft-fork and with unequal economic incentives is a bad idea.  Do I need to review their reasons for you?
@_date: 2016-10-22 00:58:00
Well when was the last time you unlocked your wallet? Did they keystroke log that or did they grab the wallet and brute force the password?
@_date: 2017-05-03 12:54:18
This was a great talk.
Some takeaways:
* CT hides transaction amounts (but does not further anonymize who receives payments from who)
* To get further privacy we would still need things like CoinJoin, but CT improves things like CoinJoin by masking tx amounts (unmasked amounts can make CoinJoins more easily traceable)
* CT has some tradeoffs with tx size, utxo size and validation processing  (makes them worse, a lot worse)
* Extra tx size needed for CT can be repurposed for any extra data user wants to include, like a "memo field", which is very cool
Additionally the comparisons to zcash and monero were interesting. I thought the zcash criticisms were not that new (trusted setup critique, new and less well known crypto but no specific problems, many txs don't use privacy opt-in) but fact that trusted setup might have to be repeated to upgrade the protocol was new to me. Monero criticisms were not that strong although he hinted it might need some upgrade to make it unconditionally sound. (I do not hold monero or zcash (yet)).
The bandwidth (size?) increase for transactions, size increase for UTXO and increased validation costs (takes longer or requires more CPU) were I think sort of glossed over (but appropriate for this talk). Obviously there are tradeoffs here. Without these increases CT would likely be a no brainer to bring to bitcoin. With these tradeoffs it is unclear if we will ever get it. The memo field somewhat helps as it gives people that want features like that something to root for even if they don't want the privacy features so much (Greg mentions this as well).
@_date: 2016-10-10 22:25:21
That link is for a Goldman Sachs patent, but patents are so dense it is hard to say what they are going after here.
"HFT" I guess means high frequency trading. Anyway thanks but without more information I can't tell what problem is being solved here and if that is one the general crypto community needs solving.
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:12:46
Well just take a look at some of jgarzik's [recent tweet storms]( and you'll get the idea. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 12:18:11


I don't disagree. It is in fact a way to put off any block size increase because it makes the need for it less important as long as people are willing to pay higher fees. If you don't mind paying high fees you can always get your transaction to move forward. Oh its stuck, just re-submit with a higher fee. Build that logic into wallets and, it will eventually go through. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 01:10:13


Hmmm, but that topic is on CoinJoin which often involves some off blockchain transmissions (edit: off-network) of transaction data. Right? So I'm not sure that applies here (edit: or at least requires more explanation than just linking to an coinjoin discussion). 
In short, yes RBF could allow you to replace some set of transactions, with a different transaction(s) which may be smaller, however, you could have made the different transaction(s) originally and avoided the whole mess in the first place.
@_date: 2015-11-22 14:45:50
One "workaround" is to use Rushwallet (this was recommended to me when I posted a similar question to the OPs). So with that, you could : generate a wallet on Rushwallet.com (takes about 10 seconds), send bitcoins to that wallet, then send the wallet url to your friend.
One big downside: You as the sender would still have access to the wallet, since you have its url (which is all you need). Also since you are emailing this, anyone monitoring email could intercept and take the coins. Rushwallet does allow for a passcode to be used. So that could be transmitted on a separate channel (sms, voice, etc), increasing security against that kind of monitoring.
I've done this with a couple of friends that are new to bitcoin. Sent them a rushwallet, then told them, "hey you should probably download a wallet app on your phone and transfer your coins there" (of course they haven't done this yet).
Still for sending to friends, this is pretty convenient, and they get a bitcoin wallet already funded without having to install anything, or having to register, sign up, etc.
But I agree with the OP that something like this needs to be built into wallets. Maybe have a feature: "Send a shared wallet to your friend.", enter the amount, and it sends your friend a "rushwallet" type of URL, funded with the amount you enter. Receivers would then be encouraged to "make it private" by generating a new wallet and sending the coins there. 
@_date: 2015-11-27 20:07:08


Yeah, except that merchants can't choose to accept/reject a transaction. They can only say, "Ok, you're good to go" (no RBF flag, and willing to take a small risk) or "Oh, I see your transaction has the RBF flag, so you gotta wait 1 hr before I let you out of the store".
@_date: 2016-10-11 22:13:37


So if a miner/pool does not believe that a soft fork should happen then that is automatically shameful and bad faith? How else are they supposed to express their views?
@_date: 2017-05-30 11:49:13


No idea what that means. I'm well aware of all sides of the discussion. Was giving some perspective on how even simple explanations by some can be quite biased.
@_date: 2015-11-30 00:42:25


Can you talk through that code a bit, is it checking to make sure the outputs are the same like FSS or what is it doing here? 
    for (int i = 0; i &lt; vin.size(); i++)
            {
                COutPoint outpoint = vin[i].prevout;
                if (!mapNextTx.count(outpoint) || mapNextTx[outpoint].ptx != ptxOld)
                    return false;
            }
@_date: 2017-05-22 11:41:34
@_date: 2017-05-15 03:36:17
Could we save people money?
Since ransomware client is probably not functioning as even an spv wallet but is likely sending messages to/from a command and control server that it trusts, couldn't it be fooled to thinking payment was made when it hasn't been?
@_date: 2016-10-12 23:05:34
Cool thanks.


I've heard and seen some evidence that subchains did not really originate with Peter R.
@_date: 2017-05-29 12:11:34
So your theory is that UASF chain with 30% miners has some possibility of overtaking 70% chain, so 70% chain is at risk?
@_date: 2016-10-27 11:13:44
which app is that?
@_date: 2015-11-28 15:10:21


Oh, great, high fees for all. Yes, let's keep those blocks small so that fees go up. Sounds like a great plan.
@_date: 2015-11-30 21:03:03
Of people with commit access they have 2 out of 5. Definitely not a majority, but still very influential. They have 8 total core devs (people that we know of that have made contributions to core code), which includes the 2 with commit access.
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:49:56
Other than getting stuck transactions replaced with ones that work, what good is this? 
Destroys 0-conf (unless you believe in 'scorched-earth' approach). Some see that as good. Others as not good. Why do core devs think it is good?
It does seem like it will be good for greenaddress.it and similar implementations. Maybe it helps the case for LN?
@_date: 2017-05-30 21:45:54
Exactly :)
@_date: 2016-05-15 18:56:55


Actually for those of us that don't follow mining stuff that closely it is not really well known how distributed a mining pools hash power is. Isn't it mostly from large data centers that either the pool controls or a small number of large data centers that have joined the pool? Are you trying to imply that most of the hash power of AntPool comes from a large number of independent people. That would actually be news to me. What about all those Youtube vids (inside a Chinese Mining Factory), showing stacks of ASIC mining machines. Am I to understand that each large pool has 100s or 1000s of these data centers that have joined it and most are independently controlled. Please give numbers if you can or links.
Also since most Mining pools are using Stratum mining then (correct me if I'm wrong) it is in fact the pool that chooses what transactions are being mined.
@_date: 2017-05-06 14:58:41
Main issues seem like:
* 1) ext ignoring nodes could consider a block valid but rest of network may consider it invalid due to bad ext block commitment or returning txs. 
* 2) Returning txs are really anyone-can-spend or similar and while "valid" you don't know the real coin history behind those and thus we get back to 1) I think.
so to me issue seems like 1). or is there a better way to capture it? I think "pseudo-SPV insecurity" and "trusting random (true) full nodes to give you reliable information" just isn't clear enough. Let us break it down to exactly what the issues are. This can lead to possible solutions or improved proposals.
@_date: 2017-05-11 10:58:02
does multibit hd, pick the fee for you or not? Simple question. Did he manually adjust the fee? If so why, why did he choose that number. Regardless of what one thinks fees should be or current block size debate, simply throwing in some number as a fee seems reckless. 
Yes in early days fee was sort of "arbitrary" like tipping (or at least seemed so). So if really he hadn't been following the space for 3 years this attitude makes some sense I suppose. However I would like answers to my questions.
@_date: 2017-05-30 10:40:58
Yeah no matter what answer you get, it will likely be from someone with strong opinions (for or against) so you won't be getting a balanced perspective anyway. However, if you do want a balanced perspective, then let me know.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:43:57
BIP 148 just causes everyone running that code to fork themselves off the network. Majority of miners will not signal segwit. And with the Silbert agreement it would be surprising if any of those listed companies will run BIP148 code. How can this not result in chain split with all UASF nodes and minority group of miners (maybe 33%) on one chain and everyone else on the other?
@_date: 2017-05-15 12:13:06
Possibly. But we don't know if they are using digital signatures do we?  Best thing to do is check. Install proxy certificate on non-infected machine so that traffic can be intercepted, then infect that machine, then click the button to check for payment. See what the response is. Easy.
@_date: 2016-10-22 15:27:33


One might have thought they would **start** with that step.
@_date: 2017-05-02 01:36:42
You can always buy bitcoin with your 60k, then transfer those coins off of coinbase to your own wallet. Then either Hodl or open account with another firm that lets you add a bank account. Anyway I've used Coinbase a lot and never a problem, but I try to move my coins off of there fast. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 11:52:53


What exactly is "meta" about Gavin's discussion? Can you explain that a bit more? Seems like he is discussing *"Should it be a requirement that ANY one-megabyte transaction that is valid
under the existing rules also be valid under new rules?"* 
And how is that a meta discussion???
@_date: 2015-10-28 11:56:47
I'm calling bullshit on this. Gavin mentions XT in the post, thus it was modded out. Nothing meta about the discussion really. 
Things have gotten worse than I thought (and I'm a pessimist generally).
@_date: 2016-10-22 01:32:11
Ok, do tell.


Implies they don't know shit.
@_date: 2016-10-27 11:04:36
Actually I misread the OP of the top level post as jstolfi not jratcliff so the above quote was totally off base as that was a jstolfi quote. So I'm **deleting** it to avoid confusion. OPs comments started off like something jstolfi would have said and I've been in some recent arguments with him, so I wanted to provide the context. my bad.
@_date: 2017-05-11 02:25:31
chose .0001? Doesn't it pick the best fee for you, or did you manually adjust? What version of Multibit is this? Why did you choose .0001?
@_date: 2015-11-19 01:35:06
["Peter R. Rizun is a physicist and entrepreneur living in Vancouver, Canada, and is co-founder and co-managing editor for Ledger.  His main research interest is developing analytical theory that explains properties and emergent phenomenon of the Bitcoin Network. He was the recipient of the $105,000 Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) CGS Doctoral Award and was recognized as a Leader of Tomorrow by the Alberta Science and Technology Foundation (ASTech). He holds a B.A.Sc. degree in Engineering Physics from the University of British Columbia and a Ph.D. in Medical Physics from the University of Calgary."](
@_date: 2016-10-12 13:20:04


If people don't like a hard fork they just simply don't run that software. SPV wallets are obviously affected, so that is a problem, but their security is limited from the outset.
@_date: 2016-10-18 11:57:16
Nice. Made me wonder whether anyone has made a bitcoin or crypto based deck of playing cards (like the one's she's holding). This would make a good joker or Ace maybe.
@_date: 2017-05-30 01:36:42
Flag day activation is good when it is non-controversial change. Otherwise it is fairly reckless. You are gambling here and you know it.
@_date: 2016-05-31 00:51:13
So basically you are saying that they are trying to solve a problem that doesn't exist? So do we have a problem that the relay network doesn't solve? Can you expound on that?
@_date: 2017-05-06 12:39:13


I think that is because your definition of "full node" requires it. But that makes discussion less interesting in some ways and causes confusion. Clearly the idea of ext blocks is to allow some people to run software that opts out of downloading and validating the ext block. So discussion should focus on why that is bad, what risks does that give us.
@_date: 2015-11-30 01:56:59


**This blockstream employee [thinks it does]( help make the case for LN**:
"These changes alone make full blocks a non-issue. Once blocks are full a fee-market will develop..." and then "Micropayment channels will provide fee relief. Full blocks will already not be an issue because the fee market, but micropayment channels with hub-and-spoke networks will allow continued use of low-fee bitcoin transactions."
Clearly RBF allows blocks to remain small and transaction volume to grow and still provide a 'solution' of sorts. That solution being a fee market to get transactions to move. Then LN comes to the rescue so to speak, and fixes that problem.
@_date: 2016-05-31 00:56:28
What in fact needs to be fixed or improved with the relay network and/or bitcoin network when it comes to block propagation/latency?
I've seen people bash xthin blocks before saying that relay network is already fine, and yet at the same time larger blocks are bad because we can't propagate them fast enough.
@_date: 2015-10-12 01:49:00
Give all the details:
What phone is this on (model, and current OS)?
What version of Mycelium do you have installed now?
Any proof of the balance?
@_date: 2015-11-30 00:58:38


Isn't that misleading? If you compare a transaction marked with the opt-in RBF flag to the same transaction without the RBF flag, they are nearly the same size (exactly?) so that doesn't give any "compression". Yes compared to some other methods of unsticking a transaction, RBF offers "compression" benefits.
I think better might be:
*If transactions are sitting unconfirmed in the memory pool, RBF allows a transaction to get mined into a block by giving the sender the option of re-broadcasting that transaction with a higher fee, to incentivize miners to add it to a block. This allows Bitcoin to keep blocks small, because in the case of a backlog, users can always participate in the fee market to get their transaction confirmed (they can out bid other transactions that are waiting).*
@_date: 2016-10-22 00:20:11
As I suspected they have no idea how hack occurred and all funds might still be at risk.
@_date: 2016-05-24 01:22:48
Definitely bring QR code. Having a mobile wallet on phone might be good idea too if amount isn't too big.
@_date: 2017-05-29 20:52:52
Well miners currently signaling segiwt are like 24% but maybe up to 33% depending on the day.
At any rate, assuming you are right that wallet is unsafe unless running UASF, this means bitcoin core code is unsafe. Shouldn't protection be put in like rejecting all segwit signaling blocks? :)
@_date: 2016-05-18 21:41:03
yes and no. To deny the overwhelming influence of Blockstream is just not being realistic. There is a huge influence and attempts to break that influence have failed thus far. 
@_date: 2016-05-22 13:08:30
Hey that search engine sort of rocks.
@_date: 2015-11-30 05:08:57


From the post: "These changes alone make full blocks a non-issue. Once blocks are full a fee-market will develop, with rising fees to meet demand." **The changes** he is referring to are RBF with CPFP, and wallet software changes to implement RBF by broadcasting new transactions when the transactions are stuck. 
Anyway, clearly this posts sees RBF as a temporary fix for the block size issue, with micropayment channels providing further solutions and bringing fees down. Do you disagree with that characterization? If you don't think that is a case for LN, well really what is? I'm showing you a post from a blockstreem employee arguing that RBF allows bitcoin to function well with small block size and that micropayment channels (**aka LN**), provide further relief. You're comment above says "nor does Opt-in RBF incentivize or prepare for lightning." and this post by maaku7 to my mind refutes that. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 11:20:26
It means that if you install an app from the app store you really have no idea what got installed, and so it doesn't matter if their code is open source or not for this kind of install. So the 'correct' way to do it is to build yourself from source and not use the app store. Well who does that?
@_date: 2015-10-12 01:43:54
I hope someone from Mycelium responds here. 
It seems absurd that the developers at Mycelium would not have accounted for this scenario and prevented it. 
Could you imagine the conversation
* Dev 1: "So like, everyone installing this update will have their existing wallet erased."
* Dev 2: "Yup"
* Dev 1: "Hope they made a backup."
* Dev 2: "Yup (snicker snicker)"
* Dev 1: "Ok, let's roll it out".
@_date: 2016-05-03 01:13:15
Gavin said he saw his own message (something like 'my favorite number is eleven, CSW') signed by Wright and he said he verified it using Electrum.
@_date: 2015-11-30 04:29:11


Well I was quoting him from [this link](  **If I mis-quoted or took it out of context, please explain how.** He clearly indicated a fee market would develop because of RBF, and the RBF was a way to buy time for other scaling solutions.
So maybe that post was made by another person or maybe he was being sarcastic or I'm really not getting the context. So if you are going to say "he said no such thing", right after I quote him, then at least tell me where I got it wrong. 
**EDIT** or did you mean that because maaku7 did not explicitly reference LN, but used the term "micropayment channels", that my characterization is wrong?
@_date: 2016-05-22 13:31:07


One issue with using an HD xPubKey online is that anyone can come to your site and essentially force an address to be generated and then not send any money to that address. So maybe thousands of addresses are generated. 
Now your HD wallet (running separately than your website) but using same keys, may only be looking for payments to maybe 10 addresses since the last known payment address. In other words your wallet has no idea what addresses were generated but is essentially watching for 10 addresses ahead. But since 1000 addresses were made without any payment, your wallet will now never see payments going to the 1001 address. 
Hope I'm wrong on this. Really not a HD expert but that is my understanding. No money is lost but you may stop seeing payments show up until you somehow sync your wallet to the latest address generated online.
@_date: 2016-05-31 22:24:43
Well the dude obviously just bought some for himself, so of course he's going to recommend it. 
Does he disclose his holdings anywhere (couldn't read full article because of pay/subscribe wall)?
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:44:34


But does Core address this issue yet? Does XT make things worse (than current Core) by dropping random tx? Explain.
@_date: 2015-11-27 18:39:32
Not sure those posts really make the case for or against. Seem sort of against actually.
@_date: 2016-05-03 03:45:52


This actually happened according to Gavin.
@_date: 2015-10-20 01:37:09


@_date: 2017-05-01 10:40:14
hmm, many countries have anti-money laundering laws. Buying and selling usually come under those laws if you are exchanging fiat for coins or vice versa.
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:10:29


No, maybe you are referring to the sig in the blog post? I'm talking about the one Gavin witnessed and verified using Electrum, but was not allowed to take with him. 
Maybe you are talking about this as well but postulating a theory that Craig duped Gavin by using compromised hardware or software. Certainly possible. However, you have zero evidence of that. So complete bullshit at this stage. Let's wait and see what Wright does next.
@_date: 2015-02-04 13:02:30
Thanks that is helpful and wasn't spelled out by the guy who got his coins taken.
But there are still a few confusing things here. Coinbase in this thread indicated that the 3rd party was able to "use the Coinbase name" in their attack. My interpretation of this was that in the Warning, it said something like "Coinbase is requesting permission to access your account" instead of "CoinThief is requesting permission...".
Is that correct? What name did the phishing link use in the authorization flow?
Also Coinbase hasn't made it that clear what exactly they are doing to stop this (have they?). If you are correct that any app can transfer money, then there is nothing stopping this attack from continuing. People will just click "Ok" or "Authorize" on any single permissions request if they believe the source is legitimate. At minimum a multi-stage authorization flow is needed, but probably something even better than that is required. 
**EDIT** They posted a link saying " so that is a start. 
@_date: 2016-05-19 21:12:38
* MIT is not focused on cryptocurrency as their major initiative, that and their whole "education" thing sort of sets them a bit apart from the usual corporation. But regardless, pointing to another institution that may have too much control is not a great way out of the argument.
* It is not necessarily the number of commits but who determines whether a pull request is merged, and whose voice matters in those discussions.
* Not sure which two I'm conflating, but yes it is insulting to the developers that there is no clear process defined to determine what gets merged and what doesn't.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:36:41


It sounds like part of the problem is a single step authorization. User is presented a screen asking for permissions, similar to those they see in lot's of other places online, (facebook, etc.) and they are used to clicking "Yes" or "Ok". However, none of those other Oauth flows (to my knowledge) have anything to do with sending money anywhere.
A multistep authorization flow would cut down the risk a lot (but is not the full solution). Something like: "You are about to authorize a 3rd party application to remove bitcoins from your account. Enter the numbers shown on the screen if to agree to this authorization". 
Additionally, as you've mentioned, they where able to use the Coinbase name somehow and that I assume showed up in the authorization request. So the user thought Coinbase itself was asking for permissions. How is that naming controlled? 
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:17:42


Can you expand on that? Do you mean the OAuth application looked like it was Coinbase itself requesting additional permissions and not some 3rd party? 
How do you prevent this from happening again?
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:08:04


Which coinbase posted about in this thread After I wrote my reply. Would be nice to hear this from the guy that got scammed. He neglected to mention that there was a warning. In fact he implied it did not exist.
@_date: 2016-07-30 02:14:08
So have you lost money because of ETH/ETC fiasco? or do  you think Coinbase has and just hasn't admitted it yet? What is actually going on?
@_date: 2019-05-13 03:29:23
A week? What lead are you assuming? I was assuming the attack starts after 4-6 blocks. With an "honest" lead of just 4 blocks when the attack starts, an 80% hash rate attack would typically take the lead in 6 blocks or 75 minutes. With an "honest" lead of 6 blocks when attack starts the attacking pool would overtake in about 9 blocks or 112.5 minutes.
@_date: 2016-07-30 04:29:43
Well I'm starting to wonder if a HF should be considered sort of like a stock split. With a stock split you get twice as many shares and the price drops in half. With the ETH split you get twice as many shares and what ought to happen is that the ETH price should drop to make up for the price of ETC. That happened a bit for a while but ETH price rose again. 
As for which coin to use, well use whichever is accepted. But who spends ETH/ETC anyway? 
Anyway people do have to be careful not to mistakenly send the ETH somewhere that they meant to send ETC and vice versa.
@_date: 2016-05-03 01:16:15
Yes but then what would you accept as proof? If you assume that Satoshi was hacked and his keys compromised, then there is no possibility of cryptographic "proof".
Also if Satoshi was hacked, then all his emails were hacked too (and some were apparently years ago), so Gavin can't even ask him about unpublished communications between the 2 of them. 
In short, if you assume hacking, how the fuck does anyone verify they are Satoshi? Impossible.
@_date: 2019-05-22 09:19:27
\&gt;**7 months story (part 1)**
You actually never gave the story. How did you end up with their cold wallet address? What is the story that led up to you constructing that transaction?
@_date: 2016-07-30 02:09:08
I'm curious to know what actual problems have been caused by the hardfork. Who has lost coins/$ and how? 
I've read one thing recently where Coinbase did not honor ETH that was sent to it from a splitting contract. But that may be standard for I all I know and unrelated. Some people are talking about "replay attacks" although it is not always clear that it is an attack at all. Just you creating a transaction that spends coins on 2 chains without you realizing it.
What are the actual problems and who is feeling the pain?
Edit: Has 51% attack occurred yet? Why not?
@_date: 2016-07-01 11:21:04
Can you explain your comment above? I'm a regular user and I have chrome telling me it needs more permissions. I'm also a developer but not a trezor developer.  Also:


I don't know what "developer mode of the extension" means.
Also what changed on the extension and what is it doing now that it didn't before?
@_date: 2016-07-16 11:54:35
Actually safe "tumbling" services are not used that much (AFIK) by the community at large. I'm sure they are actively used by a subset of bitcoin holders, but I would guesstimate no more than 5% of all bitcoin owners. If you have stats to say otherwise, please provide, mine is just a guess.
So basically 95% of us are too stupid.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:14:24


According to Coinbase you were also shown a list of permissions being requested by an application. Including a high limit on spending coins. Is that true?
@_date: 2019-05-12 21:09:13
We really don't have a good idea of how much of the hashrate in the top pools is really from their own mining equipment vs contributed by 1000s of individuals. I think someone recently did some study on this but I could not find it. Regardless if it is an attack carried out quickly then individual miners will likely not have time to respond.
@_date: 2016-07-26 02:35:28
You can see him here: 
From July 17th, 2016 apparently.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:18:14
He so fucked Gavin, holy shit. I was reserving judgement, holding out hope, trying to be patient. This is just too much. 
@_date: 2016-07-31 14:22:02
Well that's helpful. Why even respond?
Instead of just dismissing a HF like this as just a shit show, which I admit is awfully tempting. It is rather more interesting to figure out if there is a "correct" way to handle it, such that no one loses coins/$ and the resulting coins are properly (efficiently) priced in the markets.
@_date: 2016-07-24 13:52:22
The Eth HF was done for the wrong reasons, but let us be clear here: 
It is easy enough to create a controversial HF if you try hard enough. You can modify the software right now and fork yourself off the network relatively easily. Maybe modify difficulty rules and POW and you'll get yourself a nice fork off the Blockchain. Convince some buddies to use your software, and mine on your code, and sure enough you'll have a growing chain. Might not be secure of course. Maybe you can even find an exchange to list/trade on the fork.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:39:08


Well according to Coinbase, the 3rd party app was able to call itself Coinbase. So that was part of the problem. But really, a single step Oauth authorization with instant consequences of money loss. Not a good setup IMO.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:05:29
Run using closed source code, which luke-jr has admitted in the past was double counting nodes.
@_date: 2019-05-14 11:45:21
Well good to get your coins off there but bad if you are just going to transfer them to another exchange. Binance covered the recent hack with their own funds and they seem to be doing the right thing to make sure it doesn't happen again.
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:48:45
This is cool. 
Maybe the US could have kept the patent system on a "invent first" instead of "file first" basis if this had been around a few years ago.
@_date: 2016-07-30 12:03:38
No actually take it seriously for a sec. After the HF you have twice as many shares. This is much much different than a marriage-split.
The price of ETH should drop as the price of ETC rises. If it were a perfect split (50/50 hash rate and adoption)  then price of ETH and ETC should be ~50% of price before the split.
@_date: 2018-12-17 01:43:05
Well with those graphics I don't think they are fooling anyone yet. 10+ installs so far.
@_date: 2016-07-24 13:32:30
Bitcoin that you own before a HF will be spendable on both chains. So "no worries" there really. Bitcoin that you receive after a HF will only be spendable on the chain where it was received. 
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:29:04
@_date: 2019-05-08 13:51:24
Probably if exchanges prepared ahead of time ( coordinated, made agreements with miners), for this kind of thing and were able to detect and confirm the theft fast enough (10-20 minutes) then they could have "pulled the trigger" on a re-org with their miner partners and done a 4-6 block re-org which would be bad but more 'palatable'. I wonder how fast they could get the timing down. 
Not that I condone this sort of thing, but as long as mining is centralized in hands of few it will feasible.
@_date: 2016-07-30 12:13:38
They signed a transaction spending ETH and that same transaction was replayed on ETC chain? Or what? 
Because that is not truly losing ETC. 
If you had ETC and were counting on it, then you probably should realize that all your ETH/ETC keys are the same. So signing an ETH transaction is also signing an ETC transaction. So anything you priced should have taken this into account.
The question is, how to prevent this from happening? I heard that ETH has some split function you can use, but I don't know much about that or if it has it's own flaws.
@_date: 2016-07-27 17:48:50
Vitalik discusses Bitcoin heavily in this post. 13 mentions I think.
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:32:33
Enjoy your 0.2% hash power chain split.
@_date: 2017-06-02 20:17:08
**Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted.**
@_date: 2017-06-05 14:10:30
Coins will be safe in your wallet if you have the private keys for them. Transacting after Aug, well on the off chance that uasf is a big success (which I give like 1% chance, but that is just me), then you would have to take care sending or receiving coins at that point. Best just to hodl until things settle down.
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:13:20
So 5% of 5.4% or 0.2% =&gt; round down to 0%. Sorry, keep trying :)
@_date: 2016-07-25 01:47:57
Maybe we are talking about different things.
I'm saying that if someone sends you bitcoins, and that transaction appears on only one chain, then you can only spend those new coins (in the output of the just received transaction) on the same chain it was received to (or any HF chain occurring afterwords).
In other words any node verifying a tx will check to make sure, for each input, that the referenced previous tx out exists. And such nodes will only see transactions in blocks on their chain. 
Now I suppose it is possible for someone to send you bitcoins from a pre-HF output, and a transaction appears on BOTH chains. In that case you've received bitcoin on 2 different chains and you are free to spend each of those outputs on the chain it was received to.
@_date: 2016-07-23 11:11:23
When I took a quick look at the pull request for HD (not your pr) I didn't see any place where the wallet would detect bitcoins received to addresses generated elsewhere. 
Normally with a master public key I could generate new addresses on a website and a wallet (running elsewhere) should detect payments. 
I also didn't see where one could import the private key and the wallet would detect any balance made to addresses generated from it.
Maybe it is in there and I just missed it.
@_date: 2016-07-29 21:11:20
Does coinbase have any policy on how long it will keep your records in this situation? Is it forever, so like at anytime Gov. could come in, request all your outgoing bitcoin transactions and essentially track your bitcoins everywhere.
Or do they at least claim to delete that info after some time?
@_date: 2017-06-02 23:52:12
UASF is a very dangerous move which will likely result in a chain split and/or loss of funds for people. It is being done without majority miner support and with minimal support from other parts of the economy. UASF is a very much a CHANGE to the consensus rules of bitcoin. It will reject blocks not signaling segwit and will force those nodes running UASF code on to a minority chain. 
It is a change that does not have overwhelming support at all. Nodes running segwit capable code are doing just that, they are segwit capable or segwit ready. They do not support splitting the chain with only 30% hash power or less even 5% or 1%, segwit nodes are set to activate segwit with 95% miner activation which is drastically different than UASF which just says reject all non segwit blocks starting Aug 1. These segwit nodes (not UASF) will follow the majority hash chain, which looks right now to be non UASF. So chain split.
Here are core devs discussing this great plan: 
@_date: 2016-07-24 16:30:40


Say what? Are you refuting the statement that bitcoin received after a HF will only be spendable on it's chain (or any hf chain occurring afterwords)?
@_date: 2017-06-09 12:14:36
Complete FUD and nonsense at this point (that non-bip148 wallets/coins are at risk). The real issue is for any wallet backed by BIP148 nodes. They have quite a bit of risk.
There is no risk of re-org at this time for main chain, and if there was a risk it is easily mitigated by setting invalidateBlock on any BIP 148 block hash. 
BIP 148 backed wallets on the other hand, will be on a minority chain that will most likely fail. If you receive coins in that wallet and BIP 148 chain fails (which it will, if it even gets started), then you may lose those coins when 148 chain fails. The corresponding replay transaction on main chain may never confirm for instance or your 148 receiving tx could have ancestor with bip 148 coinbase reward coins and then it will not be replayable on main chain.
@_date: 2017-06-05 10:47:06
some people are running some modified bitcoin software which will fork them off the main blockchain on aug 1.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:14:54
I would love to see the evidence, and it has to be in coinbase txs with Bip148 uasf indicator plus bip9 segwit signaling, for it to really count (and even that can just be false signaling for 148). Statements by known pool operators can also be counted I suppose if the statement is clear enough (we only do mining on uasf nodes). 
@_date: 2017-06-05 12:14:07
Yeah which makes the entire effort even more crazy. They will likely fail to get 18%. So they will fork off with probably like 10% hash, and fail to activate segwit on their minority chain whose sole purpose was to force segwit.
@_date: 2016-07-18 22:48:45
No hard evidence is needed. Just bet them $1000 they can't get all their money returned to them. If they can get their money out they probably had to jump through 100 hoops to do it. By then they'll realize it is bad (and you'll have more time to gather scam proofs). Or they won't be able to get their money out. So either way they will learn.
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:00:56
From what I heard, there is 5% of slush pool supporting 148, since slush pool is ~5% of hash power, that gives a total of .25% hash power for BIP 148. 
At this time I don't know if Slush pool has actually implemented a mechanism for those 'votes' to be effective since the pool controls the block headers and therefore what chain is being mined, but they may plan to split their pool or use some other means to provide the correct block headers to the miners wishing to mine on 148 chain. At this time I don't think that has been completed. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:33:19
Stop spreading FUD please. Miners could 51% attack right now and 'wipe out coins'. Not going to happen. Also for those less informed 'coins wiped out' would only apply to transactions happening after the chain split, and then only if magically this 0.2% of hash power over came the majority 99.8% of hash power, or got on an amazing string of luck to produce a ton of blocks in a short time (like lotto luck or far greater).
So far you've accounted for 0.2% of hash power. I'll give you up to 5% but even that seems like a stretch. So that chain will fork off. Bye bye.
@_date: 2016-07-28 13:08:24


Some lightweight clients today allow connecting to a trusted node (like one you are running yourself). Would you consider those secure? I suppose the node could be impersonated and/or data intercepted/changed in transit. SSL and SSL pinning on the client side would avoid this but I don't think that is an option with the bitcoin protocols currently is it?
@_date: 2017-06-13 10:56:45
PIZZA !!!
@_date: 2016-07-30 12:47:11
Depositing pure eth =&gt; No actually they created what they thought was an ETH transaction only, but that got replayed on ETC chain, so they really sent the exchange ETC+ETH. Exchange controls both in that they control the private key for the receiving address, but one could say that the account holder still owns-by-proxy both the ETC and ETH in their account.
Then let's say account holder withdraws ETH from exchange. What happens? Exchange signs a transaction replayable on ETC chain so ETH and ETC both end up with the account holder. Back where they started really.
The issue is more that the ETH price doesn't properly reflect this, but that is the market for you.
@_date: 2017-06-09 12:30:20
That is perfectly your right, but BIP 148 is completely insane in my opinion. It is great for users to express their choice, but BIP 148 is an attempt to split the chain, and has little hash power backing. It is an attempt to divorce bitcoin from the very hash power that makes it so impervious and immutable. 
@_date: 2017-06-25 14:53:52
If anything core should create a soft fork to reject all segwit signaling blocks starting aug 1st or maybe a couple weeks prior (well at least this was plausible before segwit2x). This would prevent even the small chance of a "wipe-out" happening from bip148. Now with segwit2x things are more 'complex' I suppose.
edit: just expanding on this thought a little more. Segwit was meant to activate with 95% of hash power signaling. That didn't come close to happening with only maybe 33% max. It is also clear that it will never reach 95% "naturally". BIP 148, attempts to activate it unnaturally by removing 95% of the hash power and then calling the remaining 5% as 100% !!! This is against the intention of bip9 and the original segwit soft fork. So it should be actively prevented by core to protect users. 
I am not against people running what code they see fit, but 148 was intended to cause a chain split and disrupt bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-05 15:58:37
Nothing can go wrong with any bitcoins pre-chain split until you try to spend them. I mean the price could tank if we do in fact have 2 chains that are long lived after Aug. But just keep hodling and you'll be ok. 
Yes when you transact, send or receive coins, then if there are really 2 chains, and exchanges are supporting both, then effectively there are 2 bitcoins. Yea UASF you created 2 coins /s . So if there are 2 coins but both sharing a portion of the block chain (chain split) then you'll have to check back here to see what to do.
@_date: 2016-07-30 11:57:12
You mean they signed a transaction for ETH and didn't realize that they were really signing a transaction for ETH and ETC at the same time? Or how did they "lose" ETC?
@_date: 2017-06-07 11:52:12
The BIP is unclear to me. It seems like it is yet another attempt to activate segwit with less than 95% hash power. What is its purpose? 
UASF/148 proposal has 0 hash power support to date (correct me if I am wrong). So there is **zero chance** of a chain split.
Segwit will not activate as intended. The conclusion is not to force it into existence, but to fix the problems surrounding it and try again. In fact I think a better proposal might be a pre-mature deactivation of segwit by rejecting all segwit signaling blocks starting Aug 1st.
Edit: **correction** I've been advised that 0.2% of the bitcoin hash power supports BIP 148. My "0 hash power" comment above was horribly horribly inaccurate /s
@_date: 2019-05-12 15:12:20
It takes only 7 people to get 80% hashpower. See [ . So it is not out of the realm of possibility. Again I think this would have to be prepped in advance and everyone would have to act really fast (you would probably have to run drills, etc). I'm not saying it is likely, but possible.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:08:23
Yeah, this is really bad. How could Coinbase come up with a API authorization route that does not give any warning to the user that some new 3rd party is requesting access to your account and will be able to **TRANSFER ALL YOUR COINS WITHOUT WARNING**???
I need some explanation here what say you?
@_date: 2017-06-14 23:05:22
Seems like Bitmain played right into the hands of 148 supporters here. Better approach is to just start rejecting all segwit signaling blocks starting on July 25th or thereabouts. This would be a softfork to get us past this nonsense so more work can be done. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 10:44:53
Some people (and a few businesses) running a modified version of bitcoin software will fork themselves off the main blockchain and onto a chain backed by 1-20% (estimated) of the current hash power. They are doing this as an attempt to force SegWit to activate on this minority chain which will reject all non-segwit blocks. So instead of 95% of all hash power needed to activate segwit they fork off to a chain where 100% of their 1-20% hash power supports segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-05 14:02:38
I agree.
@_date: 2017-06-09 11:57:32
There are no 148 miners are there? Show me support in coinbase tx or GTFO.
@_date: 2017-06-07 17:59:56
The numbers could change sure. Miners could also band together to perform 51% attack at any time too. Lots of things are possible.
BIP 148 is bad because it is likely to cause a chain split even if 148 side has low hash power. If they have large hash power the situation is worse for everyone, really really worse. Only if it really looks like they have dominant hash power &gt;51% does running 148 code does it make any sense at all. 
@_date: 2016-07-28 00:56:27
Maybe the ETH/ETC HF will turn out pretty much like a stock split. Price gets cut in half but you end up with twice as much. 
@_date: 2016-07-25 13:52:40


Yes, ok, I think we are on the same page. When I said this **and a transaction appears on BOTH chains** I was allowing for the transaction to be on both chains if it was broadcasted there. Although I admit that I did not really consider replaying a chain of transactions: Tx1, Tx2, Tx3 on one chain could be duplicated as Tx1', Tx2', Tx3' on the other chain. Nor I guess is timing an issue: Tx1 received on one chain could be replayed on the other chain at any time, even months later.
Still and maybe it is only a semantic issue, Tx1 and Tx1' are different bitcoins (entries in different blockchains), so you still can't spend Tx1 bitcoins on the other side. Since, however, it is fairly trivial to create Tx1' the other chain, while technically I may be right, it is sort of a moot point. The transactions can be duplicated.