@_author: cypresslb
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:01:26
Think of it like structuring.  Structuring is depositing less than $10,000 into a bank multiple time to avoid paperwork.  The DoJ constantly arrests and imprisons many small business owners who deposit, weekly, an amount less than $10,000.  That and they take their property and money.  This is obviously a law that wasn't created to punish you for making less than $10k a week, but it's vague enough to be used that way.
Vagueness is very important in laws as it makes it easier to convince a jury and to slowly expand your reach.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:11:22
It doesn't matter if something is officially listed as a terrorist or anything.  Consider the Author Andersen case where the DoJ bankrupted the company for following industry wide standards of destroying old information.  The DoJ, among other prosecutorial misconduct that resulted in promotions, said that even though they didn't tell them they were conducting an investigation or indicted them, something that a company needs to know to so it will save and collect records, the company was at fault for following standard procedures.  They then indicted them and bankrupted them.
My point with the story is that the DoJ didn't have to follow the law, it was able to get convictions for things that weren't crimes, much like when they threaten people with money or contracts that say a company will provide legal support, who they otherwise couldn't convict, saying that they will indict family members if they don't confess to a series of conspiracy charges.  Interesting note and the WSJ has written about this a number of times, people often have "conspiracy to commit X" where X isn't something illegal.  So the DoJ, for example, will charge you with "conspiracy to commit hate speech" as part of your plea deal and you will plead guilty to it.  It's not illegal, but there's nothing illegal to charge you with so they throw in conspiracy.
My point is that, at the end of the day, the US just needs to say that they feel he's a terrorist and you're now giving material aid to a terrorist or terrorist organization, no EO needed to cover this.  Paying ransoms is also illegal to save loved ones, mind you.
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:17:51
Dangerous game your playing.  Rotting in a federal prison won't help you or anyone else.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:58:22
You give it too much credit.  I do feel there will be a tipping point.  There seems to be a tipping point for every government where people deem it as too much and revolt.  As the government seems to be expanding exponentially I feel that eventually America will reach that point, I think the trick will be knowing when to leave a country for one that was able to degovern to a degree.  So, for example, after getting your MBA from an M7 college you apply to a few banks in Hong Kong.  This is a very specific example, but it's a very effective and intelligent move, especially considering the financial sector is moving to HK.  Maybe onces the ZEDEs start picking up pack you can be an early adopter there, given the conditions presented to you.  Things like that.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:15:26
Alien and Sedition Act was actually very clear.  One of the few whose effect was exactly the intent.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:12:35
Sorry for the downvotes.  I realize your post is somewhat hostile, but I view it as informative for someone like me who's less knowledgeable on the EO.  Thanks.
*I agree with posters that a list isn't needed, you just need someone who can vaguely meet qualifications.  Yet again, this EO isn't really needed for the DoJ, they already had a terrorist law that was applicable to Snowden.