@_author: czaks
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:57:44
According to the leaks, they already worked on a "Midas" engine to deploy in the future. It is probably a rewrite.
Alas, I'd like to note, that even reddit is now fully open source.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:47:49
I would like to add a note about the engine. Currently, its code is available to a single person and as far as I know, no MtGox worker was able to get into it. A badly-elevated access to the codebase could have contributed to the alleged loss of funds.
What I would propose, is an Open Source trading engine, just like Bitcoin, so that every person would be able to audit and improve it. As Linus Torvalds, inventor of Linux and Git, put it in his words: "with enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow". A code audited by the public would bring more certainty to the platform.
Some people being skeptic to that idea mostly think, that this move would make another people start their own exchange to combat MtGox userbase: well, this is mostly false in my opinion. The source code is not everything needed to start your own market, there are also deployment costs, and for this particular project also law costs, agreements with banks, that are much harder to achieve than writing code. I personally know one person, who managed to write a trading engine to be stopped by a lack of investor.
While I personally am a opponent of copyleft software (i.e. software, that requires you to also open source your additions), this would make a perfect fit here. I would even be eager to license the engine under a very strict copyleft, the AGPL (the license that requires you to supply the source code even to people entering your website), since that would discourage taking the engine and improving for only one platform.
In the future, I would see an addition of some inter-exchange protocol, so that even "fiat funds" could be instantly transferred from one to the another. This would make a dream of a fully decentralized currency come true.
I, on behalf of the Bitcoin community, would ask you, Mark Karpeles, to consider open sourcing your new platform. Even if MtGox eventually gets closed, this would be your greatest gift to our community,
Marcin "czaks" Łabanowski
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:59:24
I'd like to add, that even if open sourcing of the MtGox engine isn't possible, it's certainly possible to write one from the ground up.