@_author: czarnicholasthe2nd
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:17:55
This is how bitcoin is supposed to work - each party acting in their own interest. 
The decentralized community supposedly makes decisions by a consensus between miners, exchanges, users. This is what is happening.
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:46:17
Again, I have said it can look like a Ponzi scheme on a vague, general level but it is no way an actual Ponzi scheme. There is a definition of Ponzi schemes and crypto just doesn't fit it for reasons that you have already admitted.
Call it a house of cards or a pump-and-dump because those are more general terms that can more accurately apply to the situation. 
There is no operator of crypto. There are no promised returns, no dividends to reinvest. In a Ponzi scheme you can make money without selling your position, in crypto you cannot make any money without selling your position. Big fundamental difference.
A successful Ponzi scheme results in the operator fleeing the country with everyone's money. This is not possible in crypto because there is no operator and no one has access to your accounts but you.
House of cards? Sure. Pump and dump? Probably. Ponzi scheme? Not exactly.
Kind of like those "multilevel marketing" companies that want you and your friends to "sell soda" but actually just find other people to "sell soda" because "you can all get rich." It isn't a Ponzi scheme because the operator isn't investing for you. It isn't a pyramid scheme because it does involve actually buying and selling products. So they call it MLM. Does it look like a pyramid scheme? Yes, except for the fact that you are buying and selling products. Does it look like a Ponzi scheme? Somewhat, but only in the sense that you are paying someone else a lot more money than you will realistically make.
These are names of specific types of scams and the fact that there are differences in the process mean that they are not the same. They all look similar because someone at the top is getting rich and people at the bottom are losing money - that doesn't mean they are all the same.
So I prefer to go with house of cards or pump and dump - much more accurate.
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:07:57
Yes. The high earners pay more - they just never see the money they don't get.
@_date: 2018-01-06 17:54:53
You can say it looks like a ponzi scheme in a very general sense but it in no way functions like a ponzi scheme.
A ponzi scheme necessitates that new investors cover the returns to pay out old investors. See Bernie Madoff....always looking for new people so he could use their money to pay out old people. Bitcoin is nothing like this because it does not generate returns and there is no operator defrauding people.
I previously said that you could consider bitcoin to be a house of cards or a pump-and-dump but it is fundamentally NOT a ponzi scheme just because of the definition of a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:43:28
They want to increase the profit per account/customer. 
Charging people extra who's accounts generate little to no profit will help that. If the people who's accounts generate little to no profit leave, that helps too.
They don't have any reason to provide free services to people who's accounts don't make them any money.
There are plenty of other banks and credit unions who will offer those same (if not better) services for free to low balances. Go there if you don't want to pay extra.
My bank is a large multinational and they don't charge me anything for my low balance checking account with all the bells and whistles (except paper statements...that would cost me $10/month if I wanted them).
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:56:13
They make profits by not breaking even/losing money on poor customers with empty checking accounts.
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:01:17
If you have $20,000 in your checking account at any given time the bank already makes significantly more than $12/month off of you so they don't need to charge you anything as a direct fee.
If you have between $50-$1000 in your checking account at any given time the bank doesn't make anywhere near $12/month off of you yet they provide you convenience services that cost them money to maintain - tellers, ATMs, Debit cards, mobile apps, regulations, FDIC premiums, etc.
Why would they charge the people who make them the most money extra? Why would they lose money/break even so some customers can use their services for free?
It just doesn't add up.
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:03:56
Remember when the interest rate on a mortgage was typically 10-14%?
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:29:44
Well anyone who knows what a Ponzi scheme actually is knows that there's no way that bitcoin could be a Ponzi scheme. Bitcoins don't make returns so there is no need to take in new money to pay out old investors - so its a complete misunderstanding of both what bitcoin is and how Ponzi schemes operate.
It could be considered a house of cards or a pump-and-dump depending on your opinion of its potential and scalability but that is another discussion entirely.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:39:49
I didn't say it was only regulations. I mentioned tellers, ATMs, debit cards, mobile app development and processing, FDIC premiums, etc.
If you have a balance of $500 for a year and they loan it out at the prime rate of 4.5% they will make $22.50 per year or less than $1.86 per month on interest from your balance. 
I know a lot of their income comes from fees that low balance holders pay more often than those with high balances. Obviously they have decided that it isn't worth offering these accounts for less than $12/month (plus the collective fees that they take in), and being a public company committed to producing value for its shareholders, it is probably because it is not profitable to do so.
I'm sure regulations have much less to do with it than the fact that they make more money by NOT giving out these free services.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:28:18
Obviously that's true NOW.
Why would anyone doing illegal transactions use such a transparent (read traceable), volatile, high transaction fee and slow method of purchase?
If you want to buy $2000 of drugs both sides probably want to a) actually exchange $2000 b) in a relatively quick period of time c) without large fees d) in a way that isn't so easily traceable.
Makes sense, right?
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:18:44
But it was the government who encouraged the irresponsible lending to non-creditworthy individuals in the first place.
"We want everybody in America to own their own home."
Can't do it. Doesn't work.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:22:13
I don't short anything - that doesn't mean I can't have an opinion on different things. I don't have to be long or short on every asset on the planet I can just be long in things that I like.
Tesla is way overvalued. Snapchat is way overvalued. 
I'm not going to short them for many reasons. The most important being: going long has limited downside and unlimited upside, going short has limited upside and unlimited downside.
Short positions are inherently much more risky than long positions regardless of the underlying asset.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:26:23
For example, the house edge in blackjack is only 0.5% if you play basic strategy. It's the fact that they play every hand at every table than enables them to make money over the long term - its the law of large numbers.
@_date: 2017-12-26 04:05:41
The budget and the tax code are separate bills. Spending does not have to decrease because of tax cuts -  I think that it should, but it doesn't have to. It isn't like the budget is directly paid for by income taxes, it is much more complicated than that and significantly involves global monetary policy.
I never claimed anything would trickle down but I did say letting people keep more of the money they make is a good thing, and I stand by it.
The analyses of the bill show that the vast majority of people will see a decrease in taxes and an increase in take home pay. 
I never understood why there would be a SALT deduction anyway. Why should the people living in states with little to no income tax subsidize the federal government for people living in the states with high income tax? Plus, with the doubling of the standard deduction this will not affect most low to mid-range earners.
And there is no such thing as a "child tax reduction" but the Child Tax Credit was doubled from $1k to $2k so I don't know what you are talking about in regards to that.
It is still very much a progressive tax system. The more income you earn, the larger percent you pay in income taxes.
And like I said before, it cannot be wealth redistribution because it isn't taking any money from low to mid earners and giving it to the high earners. It is letting nearly everyone keep more of what they earn.
You cannot redistribute wealth by cutting taxes.
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:08:04
Okay so an unregulated, decentralized currency with a central authority regulating its use. Makes sense. 
What sort of regulations are you looking for? Regulations similar to precious metals markets and other commodities? Regulations on businesses that accept bitcoin? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:59:21
Coinbase isn't a bank anymore than the NASDAQ or NYSE are banks. It is a marketplace. 
Marketplaces can and do suspend trading during big intraday drops but that in no way makes them a bank.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:06:21
I don't care if anyone values my belief or not. Sorry I won't take on unlimited potential losses to prove to you that I am bearish on Tesla. The fact that I don't own it should prove that point just fine.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:08:02
I'm glad you have had success with it, sincerely. I have just read some horror stories on reddit of people who tried it and lost a lot while the stock market has been steadily going up for years.
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:55:39
So John Kerry wasn't an expert then...but then he became Secretary of State and is now an expert? 
And Bush 41 didn't know anything about foreign policy and Israel/Palestine either?
While you might not like all of these candidates - and some of them were admittedly novices - you cannot possibly think that Kerry and Bush 41 weren't experts in this exact problem. It is ludicrous to suggest that they had no idea what they were doing in their previous positions and on the campaign trail, but when these unelected, unnamed "experts" weighed in it completely changed their minds...
Merry Christmas. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:29:01
For some reason I feel like Trump would like it.
"This weekend, my son Baron - he's so good with computers. He told me about these coins he's mining - tremendous initiative! These BittyCoins or something - it's fantastic! I love it. I asked him if we should allow it and he said yes - such a smart boy!"
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:15:09
You've made money during the longest bull market on record!?
Alert the media!!!
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:41:24
Well I don't use foreign banks so that doesn't really concern me I'm talking about US Banks backed by the FDIC considering this thread is about the USD.
Hint: No dollar lost since FDIC's inception in 1933.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:01:25
Coinbase is actually FDIC insured. The FDIC insures money (read USD or fiat) that you have in banks and on exchanges.
The FDIC guarantees up to $250,000 of cash in a bank account or on an exchange. This means you cannot lose the cash in your account and has nothing at all to do with the bitcoin on your account.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:55:18
Not necessarily. 
Most futures contracts are intended to be used as a hedge against sharp movement against your position. Meaning you can limit your upside and your downside rather than be on the hook for any price movement that happens.
Naked futures positions, on the other hand, mean you don't have any other position on the underlying, and naked options/futures are akin to gambling.
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:40:52
Tax cuts don't redistribute wealth, taxes do.
49% of the people effectively pay no income tax with many of them getting more in credits and refunds than they ever paid in - which is fine and the tax plan doesn't change that. But don't pretend letting everyone keep more of their money is somehow taking money from the middle class and giving it to the rich. That is pure fantasy.
Letting people keep more of the money that they make is a good thing. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:03:59
You can't enforce a loan with someone who has no money, smart contract or not. 
Some people try lending to others using some sites online and it is overwhelmingly a bad experience - if someone was actually qualified for a loan (read: have a good chance to pay it back) they would go to a bank not some rando on the internet.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:11:11
B-but...everyone has an iPhone X and a car and goes on vacations and has Netflix and HBOGO and lives in the nice cities and goes out for dinner and drinks on the weekends....my dollars just don't go as far as it used to!!
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:03:20
Coinbase is actually FDIC insured. The FDIC insures money (read USD or fiat) that you have in banks and on exchanges.
The FDIC guarantees up to $250,000 of cash in a bank account or on an exchange. This means you cannot lose the cash in your account and has nothing at all to do with the bitcoin on your account.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:46:08
Yahoo had chances to buy both Google and Facebook at early stages and they didn't. They were risk averse and didn't want to do M&amp;A after they got burned by Mark Cuban's "broadcast.com"
I don't blame them, but I also wouldn't take any investment advice from those yahoos.
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:07:08
That's like saying insurance is gambling.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:24:33
When's the last time someone lost a dollar at an FDIC bank?
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:14:17
If I can make fuck you money by getting in at the bottom floor and selling at a local ATH why would I care?
You are still looking for your huge gain - plenty of people already locked in insane gains by cashing out, you are still waiting for yours.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:43:11
Price-gouging can be a good thing - it is a reaction of supply and demand that makes sure resources are most efficiently distributed.
For example, it sounds bad to be selling cases of water for $100/each in Puerto Rico after the hurricane, we all agree with that feeling. But this price may accurately reflect the supply/demand relationship while also discouraging hoarding. 
If the price were to remain at $3/case the first people in line would likely buy more cases than they necessarily needed just to be safe. Whereas the people at the end of the line may have $100 but won't have any water at all because it is gone by the time they get to the front.
All feelings aside, is it objectively better for the person at the back of the line to have 1 case of water that they purchased for $100 or no case of water (and $100) because the supply was exhausted due to hoarding from the front of the line at an artificially low price?
Personally, I might buy 10+ cases of water for $3 each if I am at the front of the line just to be safe. If those same cases of water were $100 each, I may buy only 1 or 2 cases. Price-gouging has a negative connotation and feels wrong but it can actually lead to more efficient distribution of limited resources versus artificially low prices dictated by law.
Just something to think about.
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:22:12
You bring up some fair points. I may not agree with them all but you at least know what you are talking about.
I used to be a complainer about budget deficits and debt until the last 3-4 years when I really learned how it all works. The inflationary nature of our monetary system and the USD status as the global reserve currency give the US "exorbitant privilege" in terms of spending and issuing debt. There is a large global demand for USD so inflation/trade deficits aren't really important. Similarly, the demand for US Treasuries makes the debt relatively unimportant as well - as long as bond payments can be made on time, which the FED and Treasury essentially guarantee they will. So I don't really worry about the debt anymore because it isn't that outrageous but that's just my opinion on it. At some point in time it would be nice if we could stop running up the debt as quickly as we have been because, while inflation decreases the value of future debts, it isn't magic. 
In general, you are right that blue states subsidize red states. I live in deep blue "Taxachusetts" and I understand that my state does a lot more for its people than most of the country. But the four top states for federal tax revenue are California, Texas, New York and Florida. Two of those four (Texas and Florida) have no state income tax and carry a significant weight of the federal government's revenue. 
I just don't see why the citizens of Florida and Texas should be forced to subsidize the citizens of California, New York and Illinois.
As I said before, I live in Massachusetts and the elimination of the SALT deduction will hurt me and my family in terms of taxes. But my issue should be with my state and town - not with the federal governments decision to stop subsidizing high tax states.
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:47:43
Why has every president since Reagan said that they would do it while on the campaign trail?
Was it a bad idea when Obama said it while campaigning? What about John Kerry? George Bush? Bill Clinton?
And if it was a bad idea - while all of these presidential candidates campaigned on it - should we be happy that they lied during the campaign?
Is that what we wanted from Trump? To say something and then do the opposite like his predecessors?
We must be consistent. If he didn't move it that would be just another lie, and since he did move it like he said that's even worse?
^ This source has all of the candidates positions on Israel and the embassy location if you look around.
@_date: 2017-12-24 02:16:05
Well I guess we just have very different ideas about what actually constitutes gambling. That's fair.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:56:47
That's not always the case. The rate rises come in response to inflation so its a trailing effect for variable interest loans and if you get fixed rate financing then your rate won't change at all as inflation increases.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:18:27
Bad for anyone who does business. Why would I invest in actually doing something when I can make similar/more doing nothing?
Investments are good not bad.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:29:06
Oh so the currency shouldn't be regulated but buying, selling and using the currency should be regulated - got it.
Afaik this is completely legal. Someone may (probably should) be fired for leaking confidential info but insider trading refers to securities and material non-public information about the underlying companies.
Bitcoin/BCH is not a security. Coinbase is not the underlying of BTC or BCH. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:51:56


There are other ways to finance businesses besides SBA loans but if you have no education, income or assets it will be difficult - as it should be. I agree with you that caps on interest rates are bad. I would prefer the market decide but these caps exist "to protect the consumer." 
I think we agree more than we disagree about most of these points and I have enjoyed this discussion as well. Could the economy be better? Of course. I still think it is doing pretty well overall and is not overheating just yet.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:50:07
GDP is at an all time high - publicly traded companies account for the majority of US GDP. Unemployment is near record lows - more than half of people are employed by publicly traded companies. Seems like the stock market should be a decent reflection of the overall US economy - considering the listed companies account for most of the GDP and most of the employment. 
However, it is fair to say that the stock market doesn't tell the whole story - I will agree with you there. Real wage growth is low and that's a problem.
If you want to hoard buy gold. If you want a guaranteed investment that beats inflation buy Treasuries. The US gov't will never miss a bond payment.
I'm not thrilled with the FEDs manipulation of the interest rates either but that is the world we live in and for the most part it tends to work.
Businesses take on debt to buy cash flow producing assets - if the cash flow is more than the interest payment the debt is a good thing. Most households tend to go into debt buying assets that produce no cash flow and depreciate over time. There is a huge difference between these types of debt. No one makes anyone else go into debt, they agree to it of their own free will. When bad money defaults on their loans, good money can buy things at a good value/discount. Still, household debt payments as a percent of personal disposable income is also lower than historical averages.
The debt to equity ratios are high, this is true. But for the most part, debt to sales ratios are very reasonable. At this point, it is very easy for people to service their debts so it seems to be sustainable overall. Not all debt is manageable as I have previously discussed but a lot of it is. 
A 30-year mortgage at the prime rate can very easily get you 5x leverage that is certainly manageable for most people.
And it is not nearly as easy to get a loan as you seem to think.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:48:49
But the risk can be mitigated via high interest. People and banks are free to give and take high interest loans - they do it frequently. I don't know why you think that isn't possible but it shows a complete misunderstanding, on your part, of how finance and interest rates actually work.
The FED member banks set the "interest rate" known as the Federal Funds Rate. This is the target interest rate that banks must pay each other on overnight loans required to maintain liquidity. Most loans to people and companies aren't based on the Federal Funds Rate, they are based on the LIBOR (London Interbank Overnight Rate). The LIBOR is determined by an average value of interest found from a survey of the banks in London.
I have already agreed with you that real wage growth is shitty and needs to be improved.
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:18:27
It encourages spending. If people choose to spend money on depreciating assets and not to spend by investing that is their choice. It discourages hoarding and therefore does encourage investing to an extent.
@_date: 2017-11-20 23:19:57
If you can make more money than you pay in interest you will have more money at the end by financing it. Buying expensive assets outright when you could finance it and have bitcoin/stocks/etc. that will continue to increase is effectively throwing money away. 
When you finance the purchase your money is still working for you AND you have the asset. So long as you make a better rate of return than the rate of interest you pay, you come out ahead.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:34:48


Most of the time the company still trades at a similar valuation so nothing actually changed at all. The price of shares might be different - because each share now represents a larger ownership stake in the company - but you can still buy shares if you want to because there are always shares available.


I don't set the interest rates and I don't give loans. You can give or take loans at any interest rates you want but it can be difficult to find someone giving lower than market rates. The banks who own the FED and set the rates and work together to make sure that there is always sufficient liquidity. This has nothing to do with the government setting the rates and there are other sources of funding that can offer different rates. 


No one has mandated low interest rates. The banks who own the FED collectively set a rate for making loans to each other. No one else is obligated to go along with it. You can grant loans at any interest rate that you want. Similarly, no one is ever obligated to take out a loan at the market rate.
And for some reason high interest rates would be better for people who want loans? You really make no sense at all.
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:28:42
It encourages spending. If people choose to spend money on depreciating assets and/or debt and not to spend by investing that is their choice. Anyone who looks at a chart of the US stock market can tell that it always goes up in the long term. 
Inflation discourages hoarding and therefore does encourage investing to a certain extent. This is not debatable, it is a substantiated fact. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 23:09:46
Inflation helps the economy grow. It encourages investment and innovation and discourages hoarding.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:58:51


I don't really have an opinion on stock buybacks. They are great for shareholders but they also inflate the EPS and reduce the taxes that people pay. I would rather see special dividends than buybacks. Buybacks have absolutely nothing to do with access to stocks for the average American.


I agree with a lot of what you're saying but you also throw in ridiculous tidbits like yacht sales. Is the economy as strong as the glory days of the '50s and '60s? Probably not. I never suggested that it was.


Yes, debt is voluntary. No one has to go to a 4-year private college. Trade schools cost less and have better prospects than the majority of college majors.You can go to community colleges and trade schools for a few thousand dollars per year and have an education with no debt.


If you think uneducated people with no money who want to start businesses should be funded, give them a loan yourself! But in all seriousness, large businesses with lots of assets and cash flow can easily take on debt...BECAUSE THEY HAVE VALUABLE ASSETS AND CASH FLOW. It's called collateral. It really doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand why this makes more sense than giving some random HS dropout money to start a business.
It is clear that you want to play the victim but you aren't entitled to anything in life. You get what you work for and negotiate. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 05:21:05
I think they meant infinitesimal. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:24:33


Payday loans, credit cards, junk bonds, etc.


This has nothing to do with the fact that earlier you said that people with bad credit can't get loans because people can't offer high interest loans. People can offer and take high interest loans regardless of the FFR or the LIBOR or the Prime Rate.


I never said it was.
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:08:43
I'm looking at their homepage and it does appear to real life fake news. Some of the articles are real but are over a year old and others have little to no corroboration.
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:02:16
It wouldn't prevent it, but it would disincentivize it.
There is no reason to give out loans if your money will be worth more in the future - why take on a risk which will only be amplified as time passes? If I loan you 50 BTC to buy your house this year how could you possibly pay it back with interest as your house decreases in BTC value with each passing year? Who would even want to take on that debt to own depreciating property? 
Example: Borrow 50 BTC now for a house and pay back 75 after 20 years. After 20 years the house is worth 24 BTC and your salary is a fraction of what it used to be. Doesn't make sense.
Inflation makes debt less risky for both the borrower and the lender. Deflation makes debt more risky for both the borrower and the lender.
If everything that will ever exist has a maximum value of 21 million bitcoins the price of goods and services can only ever go down. Meaning property values, revenues, profits, salaries, everything. So how do you get a nominal return on investment when everyone makes less and everything is worth less as time passes despite the increase in labor, goods and services plus the advancement of technology.
In an inflationary system, one of the worst assets to hold is the currency. In a deflationary system the ONLY good asset to hold is the currency.
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:38:07
You can't generate wealth when there is already a set limit on the total wealth of everything that will ever exist, 21 million bitcoin.
The total economy this year is 21 million bitcoin. Next year there is a surge in population, housing and technology. The total economy is still 21 million bitcoin. You don't seem to understand that businesses generate wealth by taking loans from banks who are FED members who are GIVING OUT THE LOAN WITH MONEY THAT NEVER EXISTED.
@_date: 2018-02-28 02:16:24
While this is the case, in practice, no one claims that you are guaranteed oil for your dollars nor is a dollar worth any particular amount of oil. 
As we know, the demand for dollars is directly related to the demand for oil and the demand for treasuries is directly related to the profits from oil and other imported consumer goods. But that doesn't mean that the dollar is pegged to anything.
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:34:39


It necessarily has to. Everything that ever exists can only be worth 21 million BTC max. More people will be born, more goods will be made and more services will be rendered but the total economy can never be worth more than 21 million BTC. For example: This year the total economy includes 10 bitcoin and 10 identical houses. Each house is worth 1 bitcoin. Next year there are 30 houses, the total wealth of the economy is still only 10 bitcoin. Each house is worth 0.3333 bitcoin. The year after that there are 100 houses, the total wealth of the economy is still only 10 bitcoin. Each house is worth 0.1 bitcoin. The amount of people, goods and services WILL INCREASE while the monetary supply must remain constant = deflation.


The risk of loaning money increases due to deflation. If I could make 2-4% buying power by holding why would I give out a loan and risk loss of principle? And who would be taking out these loans and how could they pay them back when everything is worth less over time?


Yes it does. You lend money out at a higher rate than inflation thus you always get more buying power back than the original principle. It is less risky for the lender because holding inflationary currency is a loss of buying power whereas holding deflationary currency is an increase in buying power. There is a cost to not loaning your inflationary money while there is a benefit to not loaning your deflationary money.


2% is way off? If the deflation is about 2-4% then why would anyone ever loan any money for less than a marginal improvement like another 2%? You understand loans involve risk and the interest is a risk premium, correct?
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:29:34
Volume also went down &gt;95% from peak (Dec 21) to trough (Feb 12) too. Now its still down more than 80% compared to the peak.
Not exactly rocket science here.
@_date: 2018-02-11 02:43:24
But derivatives aren't real. There is no limit on the number of derivatives or what the underlying asset is.
There is a limit on the number of bitcoins and the amount of money people actually have to spend on it.
This place used to hate the banks for loaning out money that they don't have to bet on the price of assets that they don't own....and now people want bitcoin to be similar so it can go 'to the moon.'
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:17:43
Money is not and was never meant to be a store of value and there are certainly no economics professors that would tell you it is.
Money is an idea. It is a medium of exchange so that people can specialize and we, collectively, don't have to resort to bartering with each other to to acquire individual goods and services.
The world is a lot more complex than the way you portray it.