@_author: czuxa2
@_date: 2017-04-10 11:14:43
 This manipulation is why the POW needs to change. Ideally a series of np-complete graph theoretic algorithms, to which any generalized solution has been proven impossible. If we select 6 asic resistant algos, this business is done for 10 years.
Or we can select a polygon manipulation algo. Guaranteed gpu dominant.
I'm a big fan of pow change.
@_date: 2017-04-10 11:25:21
That is exactly how this whole thing is supposed to work. I don't want any of the changes that are being proposed. I think they are all shit, and as such won't adopt them. The 95% consensus requirement makes it so the changes being made represent the will of the vast majority of the constituency that matters most..ie the miners. They do the work. They document all of the txs that happen on chain, therefore they get to decide what BIPs they want to support.
And honestly this is how the game is supposed to work. If you do not like it, you are supposed to start a game that has the rules you like, and invite others to play. If enough people like your game, Bitcoin will either adopt your rules, or lose to you.... People forget that is exactly what Satoshi did. He realized the money systems as they exist have been gamed against us, so he invented a game that had rules he liked, and invited others to play. It's now a game with a $20 Billion market cap, but it's just a game, and there is nothing to stop you from making one yourself.
@_date: 2017-04-10 10:53:46
As a developer who is after a system capable of vast microtransactions AND a store of value, would I pick bitcoin that only offers one of these features or an enhanced version of bitcoin (litecoin) that does both.
If litecoin gets segwit and a solid LN implementation and bitcoin is held back, litecoin could become the standard 'good money' and gradually push our the weaker version.
I'm still optimistic bitcoin will get segwit/scaling solution but if it doesn't it almost certainly lose its top place.
Ie This isn't about loyalty or a pump/dump, it's about evolution of crypto currencies.
