@_author: czuxa
@_date: 2018-09-24 01:52:46
old news
@_date: 2017-03-15 14:44:31
BU has three really big problems. Well... besides the question on whether they have the ability to deliver a solution. But they're not actually insurmountable problems ('cept the ability thing, maybe).
Problem number 1. Quadratic hashing fix. It doesn't have it. If they want blocks bigger, they're going to need to implement it. That's a fact.
Problem number 2. Block Size. They have not placed an upper bound on their block size proposal, so it has an incentive for miners to kill off all miners and nodes. That's a fact. You can't change the consensus mechanism for miners, and re-direct the incentives towards miners, or, as sure as the sun rises tomorrow, they'll use the incentives exactly as you expect them to.
Problem number 3. No actual user support. No-one is actually using their node client. No-one is using their node-client for creating transactions. Without user support, they aint gonna go nowhere.
The solution is actually a process. If they want to have any prospect of being a reference client, they need to discard the current reference of core 0.12 and base it on 0.14. This solves the quadratic hashing fix problem number 1, and actually solves part of problem number 3, because it implements segwit and the malleability fix, which actually has user/node support, as evidenced by the 80% of nodes that have already upgraded to be segwit aware. If they don't recognize that, then they're effectively saying that 80% of users don't know what they want, can't get what they want, and they know better. Good luck with that guys.
Then, they need to ditch the emergent consensus framework, and set a block-size that they actually think will be accepted by users and therefore users may install their node client, and use it.
What the BU developers have failed to grasp, is that the UASF proposal would work for them too. If they felt that block size was too low, they could provide a client that increases it, and find out from users whether they agree with the changes. Without an upper bounds set on the blocksize, it will never happen.
If they want to achieve their goal of increasing the block-size (beyond the segwit blocksize doubling that is), they have to start respecting what users want. Like core, they provide options that users may select. Neither Core, BU, nor miners can dictate what the users want. The only thing they can do is provide options that allow users to select which options they would prefer, or whether they are happy continuing on without upgrading at all.
@_date: 2017-03-15 23:55:10
or your (hardware-based) wallet to show your available balances, it needs to make some queries of the blockchain history. The pocket devices are not high-powered enough to compute or cache all the tx histories, and the wallet+software is usually offline/disconnected/lightweight, so the user-facing software goes to an intermediary server at startup to check transaction history without a full sync. It is that intermediary server that sits between the full Node and the Wallet.
Mycelium wallet, for example, goes to Mycelium servers, which you can not run yourself. Keepkey's wallet, same. Electrum wallet goes to Electrum servers, which you can run yourself. Same for Trezor's wallet software, you can run that server.
Basically, ask your self -- what network connections is my Wallet software making? Who receives those connections and what do they learn about me in the process? Strong-privacy advocates would like to minimize that surface.
Only a full node under your control give you certainty that all these rules of Bitcoin are followed, which therefore checks that your incoming payments are genuine. There are small scale attacks possible where you may be left holding fake bitcoins that have no value and disappear soon after.
But if an bad actor were ever to attack Bitcoin in this way, it would likely be an attack on the entire currency rather than your single business. So if Bitcoin is valuable to you, and you want to see it survive then it is helpful to use a full node for your transactions, not a payment processor or lightweight wallet. If you have a lot of economic weight (make lots of transactions) then its even more important.
Today we see threats on the network. Some miners want to attack bitcoin and bring it under their control because they want to break some of bitcoin's rules. That's why this thread was posted now.
See also:
Altruism is all good and fine but it isn't a sustainable model for success. Humans are naturally selfish and act in their own self interest. The system needs to have incentives in place that will make it such that selfish actors will act in a way that is good and sustainable. Luckily Bitcoin does have such incentives. Validating your own transactions is enough incentive for selfish actors to run nodes which have the by product of keeping the network healthy.
My point isnt that people shouldn't run nodes period... It's that doing it for altruistic reasons isn't productive or sustainable​. It's a waste of time.
@_date: 2016-12-29 08:08:02
Do not forget to use a safe bitcoin walet.