@_author: d0ugk
@_date: 2018-01-30 01:48:19
Your utility may even have tiered rates. TECO here in Tampa Florida does that. Usage under 1000kwh is billed at 8.673 cents a kwh, over 1000kwh is billed at 10.144 cents a kwh.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:12:10
The fact that they had constant popups trying to egg you on to the purchase because it looks like so many other are "buying" should have been your 1st clue.
As for hiding their domain behind an anonymizer, there's noting inherently scamy about that in this day and age. If you have ever owned a domain not behind an anonymizer, you'll realize just how much spam you get to your registered email, and the junk mail that starts flowing into your snail mail box. And the calls to your registered telephone number. You pretty much shouldn't have a domain registered these days not behind one of those services.
I have a "throw away" email address that was once publicly facing on my domain registration, and was only ever used for that purpose. My domain has been behind one of the anonymizers for half a decade now, and to this day I still get about 50+ junk emails into that address a day.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:21:38
To be fair to letsencrypt, they provide an awesome service to the community by providing free SSL encryption only certs, but they are only encryption certs, not validation certs.
A proper Extended Validation Cert will show the companies name next to the padlock.
For instance the difference between what you see next to the padlock on paypal.com vs. amazon.com. Paypal has it's name there, amazon is just secure, not validated.
@_date: 2018-01-26 23:24:01
You are buying currency, so in essence its a cash advance. Same as if you used your credit card at an ATM to "buy" cash.
@_date: 2018-01-15 00:42:59
I would say a TV is a poor choice for comparison. Technological advances in in electronics and assembly have made modern TVs far simpler and easier to assemble and thus cheaper compared to that TV from 1947. Just look at pictures of what is inside a TV from 1947, all of that was manually wired and assembled. Compared to a boob tube TV from the 90's where the circuit board was robot assembled, and probably the only manual labor was plugging in wires and screwing it all together.
Even discounting all the electronics, a lot of TVs back then were in wooden cabinets with similar craftsmanship to furniture. Hours of human labor to make a cabinet. Today they pop out of a plastic molding machine by the hundreds per hour
@_date: 2018-01-15 00:12:20
The age of the dollar has nothing to do with its legal worth. If that was the case, a dollar I have with a series date from the 90's  would be worth marginally more than a dollar with a current series date.
Dollars printed 100 years ago have more value for collectors due to their scarcity. If you took a 100 year old dollar to a bank and swapped it for modern currency, you would get a dollar back. They would probably also look at you like you were stupid since that 100 year old dollar is worth more on the collectors market.
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:47:54
It also depends on where you bought in at. How many people bought in just as it was climbing up to 19k last month? Those people are still at a loss at this time. Things probably look pretty bleak for those people, as each time bitcoin has tried to rally some sort of news knocks it back on its face.
Even if you are a HODLer and not gaming the market trying to make more profit, it still means your coin has less buying power today than it did a month ago if you use it as currency
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:29:32
Student loans are a bubble, but probably not one that is going to pop under current law. There's very few ways to get out of student loan debt. Unless someone passes a law forgiving student loans. That will just be a mess for the banks, and for the people. People who were responsible and paid back their loans or stayed within their means and didn't take out a loan to begin with are going to be pissed at those who just get the wipe the slate clean. And considering the money the banks have for lobbying I doubt a student loan forgiveness law would ever pass.
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:12:26
If you're day trading on an exchange and paying fees, you're not doing it right.
@_date: 2018-01-26 23:34:06
I don't get why people into bitcoin do business with the big banks, You could at least take your business somewhere else less evil for your fiat purposes like a local credit union. Most credit unions are part of a nationwide ATM network, so you can access your money nationwide and even world wide with no fees. On a trip to Switzerland a few years back I was able to pull swiss francs out of one of their post office ATMs with 0 fees
@_date: 2017-12-27 03:27:47
Yeah if you bought your hardware wallet from ebay, or amazon especially with the recent issues of counterfeit products being commingled in the warehouses. You risk getting your coin stolen. You have no clue what might have been done to that hardware to compromise it or if it is even legit hardware.
As for the two different crypto wallets, the Ledger does use a separate crypto chip which of course means added expense. The Trezor does all the crypto work on the micro controller. If the Ledger can still sell for cheaper with a pricey crypto chip in it, it begs the question of how much profit taking is Trezor doing with their hardware wallet,? The Trezor should be cheaper to produce than the Ledger.
EEVBlog just did a teardown/review of the Ledger a few days ago, and he sometime in the past did one of the Trezor as well. The Ledger in theory is the more secure device due to the crypto chip, but the casing itself has some shortcomings when it comes to undetected tampering. If you get one of these it would probably be best to pot the inside of it, or epoxy the case shut so you'll know someone tampered with it since theyll have to destroy the case to get in
@_date: 2017-12-24 08:14:06
This is why the bitcoin core devs should have trademarked Bitcoin, so BS like bcash couldn't have happened. Well they could have still forked like they did, but wouldn't be able to use Bitcoin in their name. You can still have an open and opensource project with a trademarked name, Linux and it's multiple distros is an example. I can't fork RedHat Linux and call it RedHat Me Too Linux
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:41:59
I would agree with cashing out and diversifying it. But this is buying a house outright with the proceeds of the bitcoin sale. Probably one of the smartest things you could do with the cash. You dont have to worry about paying rent or a mortgage any longer. Think of how much more you could save / invest in when you dont have to worry about paying $1k+ a month for your housing any longer? That extra $1k+ a month could take someone who may have been living pay check to pay check prior to being someone with a comfortable cushion of cash left each month to save, invest, splurge on a nice vacation, the list goes on. Even if the housing market crashes, its not like half of your house is going to disappear, you are still set with a roof over your head and not having to worry about your housing costs.
Quite frankly seeing the instability of exchanges like coinbase when things get volatile like the last weeks is really making me thing of pulling out what I have in bitcoin. I've made a pretty nice return on what I have had for awhile. Cause whenever the correction does happen just imagine how bad the exchanges will be then? If anything is going to be the downfall of crypto currencies, it is going to be the stability the exchanges have shown lately.
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:47:08
This sounds like a stupid idea. You're going to pay fees to convert your paycheck to BTC, then fees again to convert the BTC back to USD to pay your bills payable in USD, not to mention the mess this is going to make when it comes time to pay the tax man.
Keep your pay in USD and pay the bills directly directly eliminating fees, if you still have anything left over after all your expenses are paid off, then consider buying some BTC.
This is another trap that people living paycheck to paycheck, or just not financially literate tend to get into. Using money services that nickel and dime you at every turn for fees. Just open a regular checking account at a credit union and probably eliminate many if not all fees you are paying for even basic money services.
@_date: 2017-12-28 23:54:19
I really don't think that works either or you are confusing market places and dealers. 
A market place like ebay or craigslist is not going to stop you from listing your Tesla no matter how many others they have on the market place.
A dealer like Carmax could refuse to purchase your Tesla if they already have 5 other Teslas sitting on the lot that they cannot move and don't want any more in their inventory.
A market place does not have to take a risk in purchasing whatever you are trying to sell, you are only listing it in hopes someone will buy it from you. A dealer on the other hand has to take the risk of purchasing it and hoping someone will come along and purchase it to free up their investment to purchase other cars.
@_date: 2017-12-27 03:43:01
It's actually been very common the last year or so. Usually when I am in a brick and mortar shop ill do a quick online price comparison for many things, if its cheaper online and I can wait a day or two to have it, ill order it online. Many times in my searches walmart is cheaper in store. Walmart.com however will not be, the prices are usually slightly higher than in store and tend to compete with Amazon.com's prices. With everyone jumping on the free few day shipping, they gotta make up their losses somewhere, and that's usually by adding a couple bucks to the price of an item.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:23:39
If you got a typical fixed rate mortgage you won't be taking a gamble on the interest rates, because they are fixed for the life of the mortgage. You'll still be throwing away a lot of money in interest though. 
Having a totally paid off house can just be a good piece of mind. If for whatever reason you get into financial trouble, at least you know you have a roof over your head that you dont have to figure out how to pay next month's mortgage. Or tap into other investments to make that mortgage payment
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:41:04
I have to wonder if the fees are automatically calculated somewhat on the higher side to keep noobs from shit talking the wallet and creating support inquiries when they decide to set an absolutely low ball fee amount and their transaction just hangs in limbo. Those who know what they are can override it and manually set it. If the noob overrides it and tries to put though a 1 sat/b transaction, they have no one but themselves to blame
@_date: 2017-12-28 23:43:41
To me LN sounds more like the concept of prepaid credit/gift cards. You fund an initial large amount into the card (Channel) and then spend from there. Making all the small transactions hit the prepaid/gift card. Rather than a bunch of small transactions against your bank account (Bitcoin Wallet).
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:13:25
Quite frankly I'm not sure why they don't have to report all US based accounts. Really shouldn't be any different than the reporting that comes from stock trading accounts, retirement accounts, or interest on savings accounts at your bank.
Yeah everyone wants to try and get around paying taxes, but in the end if you want to legitimize crypto currencies the exchanges should be held to the same standards as any other financial account where you make gains/losses
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:34:25
Well if people are just using it as an investment vehicle the transaction fees don't play much of a part in it. People investing might just be leaving it in an exchange and selling the peaks and buying the dips. It would be stupid as hell to transfer back and forth to a wallet if that is your game. You wouldn't be able to react quickly to market changes and you would slowly bleed value every time you moved it.
As far as it ever being used as a currency, the fees need to go down drastically. Even if the fees got down to the point that the average transaction only cost the equivalent of $1, is someone really going to buy a bottle of soda or a candy bar and pay a $1 transaction fee? There might be the need to move away from the satoshis per byte model, and go on a percent of the transaction amount model, similar to the fees credit card companies charge businesses if this is ever going to work as a currency.
If credit/debit card companies worked on the same model where the average transaction fee cost $1 no matter what the cost of the item was, most likely retailers wouldn't accept cards for anything less than $50
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:08:35
The simplest way would probably be see how is it handled if you go to a precious metals broker and directly trade gold for silver. If you bought some gold, its value increased by $500 since you bought it, then you traded that gold for silver, is that a taxable event? Meaning you owe tax on the $500 increase of the gold when you traded it. I honestly don't know but if that kind of action is taxable, then i would say directly trading one crypto coin for the other is also taxable.
@_date: 2018-09-25 11:30:46
Likely not for long. As soon as your landlord, parents or whatever your living situation is sees the spike in the electric bill, they are going to come investigating what is causing it and put the kibosh on your plans to get rich quick.
@_date: 2018-03-01 16:03:05
I would imagine a govt agency or possibly even a private entity could subpoena whom ever they like in their jurisdiction for needed records.
Not to mention if you are doing something illegal and using something like shapeshifter to "wash" the coin you'd probably be committing money laundering offenses as well.
@_date: 2018-02-07 07:54:15
The problem is nothing rises or falls on its own merits. Just look at the graphs on coinbase, they all almost exactly mirror each other, just at different dollar values.
If they all stood on their own merits, then shit news about bitcoin wouldn't affect the price of ETH.
It has been very rare to see the graphs not almost exactly mirror each other, except for that brief period where bitcoin was tanking and ETH was actually still providing a decent return.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:37:06
Probably not. Depending on how long you hold them. If nvidia comes out with a new card before you sell them, they will be worthless to miners. Best bet if you are going to try and make a buck that way is to find where you can buy them the cheapest. If they have a 1 card per person rule pay some friends for their trouble of going to purchase additional cards for you and then flip them as fast as you can for as much as you can sell them for.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:20:32
That's what I would do. Find other items that sell well in your store, fill up that vacant space with those items. Whenever the GPUs come in just have people come pick them up at customer service or something.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:59:09
Or, they have been in awhile and realizing what remains of their gains. I bought a majority of my coin in late Jun/early Aug. I sold off about a month ago to realize about a 300% return. I may buy back in if it ever stops dropping like a rock and shows signs it is actually going to go up again.
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:55:25
I have no clue, I am not familiar with how UK taxes work. If you don't have records from the exchange, bank statements showing the withdrawals may help in determining your cost basis. Though if you have been buying/selling more than one crypto currency it will probably be a bit of a mess since those statements won't show what currency what money went to. I am guessing you might want to look into a CPA or Tax Attorney. If you have't sold anything yet, you may not have to worry about the taxes till you sell. But then again I am not familiar with how taxes work in the UK.
Also if you haven't sold any crypto directly to cash, but instead used it to purchase items. That may be seen as a sale in the eyes of the UK tax authority. That is how it is seen in the eyes of the IRS here in the states. So you are going to have to track every single purchase you have made with crypto, figure out the cost basis of that crypto to determine what it needs to be taxed.
In my opinion that is one thing that makes crypto pretty annoying to use as an every day currency, unless the price stays stable. And there is no way any other crypto currency is going to get around that. About the only way you could get around that is to make a crypto currency that is always equal to your local currency. I could be 1 coin = 1 dollar, or some fraction of a coin = 1 dollar and then it's value always stays the same. Since there is no gain ever incurred there is nothing to tax.
That kind of coin would be somewhat similar to a store gift card. Since store gift cards don't ever change in value there is no tax to be collected off any gains.
@_date: 2018-02-02 04:58:48
Yes 1 BTC is still 1BTC, but that 1BTC has less than half its purchasing power than it had 2 months ago.
If someone were to have sold you something for 1BTC 2 months ago, they would be a fool to agree to still sell it to you for 1BTC today. Likely they would ask you for 2BTC
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:07:29
Bitcoin could easily go to zero if you cannot find anyone to buy it. When you trade you bitcoin on a place like Coinbase, the only reason you are getting USD back is because there was someone willing to buy that coin. If the buyers dry up so does the price.
I feel it is unlikely to go that low, but it is not out of the realm of possibility.
Quite frankly with how the market has been lately if you can get out with your original investment intact, or some gains it probably isn't a bad idea. Then sit on the side lines waiting for it to finally decide what the bottom is going to be and put your money back in scooping up even more coins than you sold.
It would be one thing if this was a crash a few years ago, but today you have big money playing around in there making it volatile as hell. Big money is always going to win. Take your profits while you can otherwise big money will.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:15:06
No clue at this point, I think just seeing it rise in general for more than a week would be a 1st good sign. Seems every rally it has had since the downfall began hasn't lasted more than a week before another big dip
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:38:03
Anyone investing in bitcoin at this point is a bit foolish, it has shown a downward trend for the last month and a half with no significant rallies. Any rally that it had has ended up with the price lower than before the rally.
The price is down because big money sees this. Big money made their profit, sold and have moved on to their next victim.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:42:46
I still use two 21" 1600x1200 4:3 LCD monitors. Bought them back in 2003 when they cost about $1300 a pop. Still work perfectly fine and I hate 16:9 monitors. When you end up browsing a site full screen like this forum for example on them you just end up with a shitload of unused white space to the right. I would rather have more pixels vertically.
If I am ever forced to go to 16:9 ill probably just get 3 or 4 of them and flip them into portrait mode.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:27:12
Probably cause the miners took all the good cards, and the gamers are taking the left over scraps. Especially those who are needing to replace a broken card and have no choice but to take whatever they can get their hands on to get their PC working again.
In the end the gamers eventually will be able to get their hands on the current good cards when Nvidia comes out with the next model. All of today's good cards will be put on ebay since the miners will have to snatch all the new cards to keep profitable. It's going to be a never ending cycle till someone comes out with an ASIC that makes using GPUs unprofitable period. Or nvidia does something to cripple their GPUs so they can't be used for mining but still work for games. Even if they did that i'm sure people will find a way around it. If they do it in hardware that will probably cripple games as well and if they put some kind of detection routine in the drivers to detect that the card is being used for, people will find a way around that as well or just keep using older drivers.
In the end gamers are going to have to live with being a generation behind for awhile, unless you've got deep pockets.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:09:03
I've personally already cashed out about a month and a half ago. I bought a majority of my coin back in Jul/Aug 2017. I about quadrupled the money I put in. I sold after it kept taking negative hit after hit from news stories, I waited for a significant peak and cashed out. It looks like that was a good move considering where it is at today.
I'll consider putting money back in to it if it ever continues on a nice upward swing for more than a week. It seems like that has been the limit of the upward swings since the peak on the 2nd weekend of Dec. I only wish I cashed out then.
@_date: 2018-03-01 14:59:04
I wouldn't consider is anonymous at all. Sure your name isn't tied directly to your wallet id, but most likely at some point your identity can be tied to that address by way of purchasing or selling coin at an exchange that has your banking details. All the authorities need to do is subpoena records from the exchange, all the addresses you've sent/received coin, and then start working their way though the public block chain.
The blockchain is a public record of every transaction, just waiting to come back and bite you in the ass in the future if you do anything foolish with it.
Even the crypto currencies that claim to be anonymous today may not be if sometime in he future someone finds a bug or some other exploit that lets them link transactions together. We all know how things work in computers, what is seen as safe and secure today is utterly broken in a few years.
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:06:25
It is an american company
From the very 1st line of that article
Reddit (/ˈrɛdɪt/) is an American social news aggregation, web content rating, and discussion website. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:21:30
If you were not purchasing bitcoin on credit solely to build up points/credit history by fully paying off the card at the end of the month. Then you are the fool. If you are carrying that balance over then you are investing money you do not have and are gambling with the bank's money
@_date: 2018-02-03 09:10:10
Yes this already exists. its called lendingclub.com and the multitude of other similar lending sites.
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:27:22
All the previous crashes are totally different than this one. All the previous crashes happened when bitcoin was relatively unknown except by tech geeks.
The difference this time is joe blow public, his grandma and financial institutions have money in this thing and are going to panic.
@_date: 2018-02-26 03:10:57
Yeah you maybe won't pay a fee at an ATM, but wait until you try to move the bitcoin you received from that ATM into your hardware wallet. Or moving coin from your wallet to the ATM to retrieve cash. My guess though there is a fee at that ATM, just like most currency exchanges that charge a 1-2% fee on an exchange.
My guess the real reason this ATM is there are for those who are trying to do everything though bitcoin. The vendors at such a festival probably don't want to deal with the transaction times it takes for a BTC purchase. If you try and use BTC to purchase a bottle of water the vendor is probably going to point you at the ATM to get some fiat currency to keep the line moving. Just the same way a lot of festivals don't take credit/debit cards for such purchases and usually have normal ATMs setup around the venue. Cash is always faster to deal with in these kinds of situations.
Not to mention at these festivals they probably charge some insane $10 service fee (5 for the ATM owner + $5 for the festival) for that $20 you just took out. No way they would want to pass up that kind of fat profit. If you're stuck in some kind of no reentry festival, you pretty much have no choice but to bend over and take the raping at the ATM if you didn't think ahead and bring along some cash
@_date: 2018-02-26 03:24:54
You don't need a whole lot of bandwidth to authorize a transaction. a 2G cellular connection would be more than plenty. Hell up until pretty recently most ATMs did authorizations over dialup, a lot probably still do considering how behind the times most banks are, and it is probably considered more secure than sending an auth over the public internet. I remember using an ATM once time where they didn't have the modem dialup sounds muted. You could hear a modem inside the ATM box actually dialing up a number, a few seconds of modem noise and then the ATM spit out the cash. Now you know why your ATM is so SLOW
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:10:00
If you can so reliability predict that it will bottom out and return to new highs. That would then make you a fool for not selling now, sitting on the sidelines and scooping up all that much more coin at the bottom
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:57:28
Redhat doesn't sell their software, they sell support contracts. Since their software is based on the GPL you can obtain the source code yourself, compile it and not pay a penny to redhat.
Support services are the only way to make money on GPL code. Sure you can sell a precompiled package, but you legally still have to release the code. Someone who didn't want to pay could just take said code and compile it themselves and not pay anything.
If you are looking to make money off your OWN code you can sell software and not release it as open source, but then your software cannot contain any code that was released under GPL.
Then you become a company like microsoft who wrote or bought all their own code and sells the software and keeps it closed source.
@_date: 2018-02-27 22:19:57
I did say in the later part of my post that they could sell the software, but the source code has to be made available. That means if someone did not want to pay for the software they could compile it themselves from source.
Since most businesses know this, services and support contracts are the way they make the majority of their money when it comes to GPL software.
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:22:23
The people that were saying 'it's too pricey now, I can't buy' were the  fools that knew nothing about bitcoin and though you could only buy a whole bitcoin and not fractions of a coin
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:13:37
The minute an ASIC that can mine ETH and other altcoins is on the market, you'll see ebay flooded with graphics cards, cause they wont be profitable anymore.
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:05:20
LOL, i wonder if all the users that deleted their coinbase accounts will be in the same boat if they didn't think to download all their transaction records before deletion.
I just did my taxes today and claimed it all. Fucking lot more work that usual. I can only imagine the hell that the people that claim they live their whole life off bitcoin are going though, assuming they are properly filing at all.
@_date: 2018-02-24 01:05:49
When it comes to the IRS you're guilty until proven innocent. If you cannot prove who those belong to they'll probably just assume it is you.
Just like with cost basis on investments. If they audit you and you cannot prove what your cost basis was, they'll just tax you on the full amount.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:41:47
$26,764?!? what did that pay for, a single commercial to air on TV once? Or maybe a couple week campaign on social media? LOL
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:05:59
I'd love to have on of those monitors, proper wide screen for a PC. They are just extremely rare these days if offered at all
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:33:16
Sure the IRS can track every transaction. Coinbase and other exchanges have records of every transaction you have done, and any external wallets that you have sent coins to. The entire blockchain is visible to anyone.
The IRS has already subpoenaed Coinbase for records of all customers that have transacted more than 20k for certain time periods. In those records they have obtained the full identifying info, transactions and bitcoin addresses sent and received from. Once that have those addresses they can weasel their way though the blockchain and track all other associated transactions and whatever hidden wallets you think you have.
It is probably only a matter of time before they get more records.
If you live outside the US then sure you don't have to worry about the IRS, but you still have your own taxing authorities in your own country that can probably do just the same as the IRS has to get the data they need.
Pay your dues now, or it's going to hurt a lot more when the IRS or other taxing authority finds out about it. The blockchain is just one huge public record that it waiting to haunt you for year to come. It's not like under the table cash that is easy to hide.
@_date: 2018-07-11 08:21:42
I wouldn't count on ANY block chain staying anonymous. You have a public ledger that ANYONE can view including govt agencies and there isn't a past encryption scheme that hasn't been broken. Even what we consider secure today will seem like a joke 15-20 years from now. If you want to stay anonymous the best bet is cash or trading something other of value OFFLINE