@_author: d343d
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:50:42


Yeah, this is a very good use case without a doubt.


Yeah, I don't see this happening but without having things priced in BTC it certainly could. If this occurs, it'll be a major setback. I think hash power will actually drop because it really is unprofitable and that may send BTC into a tailspin and much lower prices. Of course, the market will even this stuff out.
IMO it's a matter of where we are with adoption by that point. Genuinely, if I could buy my groceries with BTC, I would go to the trouble of moving fiat to BTC to buy groceries, same if I could buy AMZN purchases, petrol, and other living expenses, utilities, home loans. But I can't.


Yes. I think this is clear. And that creates the aforementioned problem if we dip below for a while. Miners will shut off, and tailspin ensues, IMO. It'll be a slow road to recover, but of course I believe it would. Even if people are unsure of it, and even if it's not adopted yet, it is better money plain and simple so it will take over completely it's just a matter of time.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:52:58
I may be beating a dead horse here, but I want to drive home a couple of points.
We may be in total agreement, but when you say 


I want to make sure when we say "miners" we are referring to distinct entities mining, or at least distinct geographical miners. To illustrate, if one mining entity (a mining outfit with a warehouse) doubles their mining capacity, this adds little if no value to the network. If anything (especially if it is a substantial owner of hashpower already) it may serve to centralize the network and weaken it.
Of course, if a brand new person in a brand new geography starts mining, this adds value, it is another node / miner decentralizing the network, and that is good. Even this type of value added has diminishing returns. The network is sufficiently decentralized already (evidenced by no successful attacks proving otherwise) for what it's used for. Yes everyone wants more, if we can have every individual on the planet with 5 miners each, yes that's better, but marginally better than if every individual on the planet has 1 miner. So this "value added" is negligible.
That being said, this is good, and everyone here probably agrees, Bitcoin is the future, will change the world, hooray, hodl, and cheers.
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:52:44
I don't see anyone else stating this yet, but it's important to realize the immediate impact of a halving.
For miners, (irrespective of whether it's a company, a mining warehouse, a hobby miner, etc) some portion X of the bitcoin mined are held, and some portion Y enters circulation. Most hobby miners likely hodl much more than they liquidate, but most mining operations don't have the luxury to hodl so a significant portion (if not majority) of their BTC is liquidated / enters circulation. 
This Y makes up a substantial portion of the supply in the market. Right now, there are buyers and sellers of BTC, and those transactions (according to CMC) have a recent 24hr volume of roughly $4B.
Upon halving, instantly, miners who are used to selling Y proportion of 12.5 BTC to cover their cost now only have 6.75 BTC to sell to cover those same costs. *IF* prices remain constant, their revenue literally just got cut in half, and likely MANY will have to stop mining because they are not going to be able to pay their power bills. But,,,, keep in mind I said "if prices remain constant".
The other side of the equation is buy-side pressure. We have $4B daily that buyers are willing to put into the BTC market. Presumably, the halving doesn't magically make these people stop wanting BTC for whatever they're using it for, there is still $4B worth of demand. While TOTAL supply has not changed, and that fact is arguably "priced in", liquid supply, generated supply, circulating supply, is reduced instantly.
So when we sum up all of the Y's, the new BTC acting as liquid supply that people are not hodling, that supply is going to shrink, and if demand remains the same, price will rise due to the immediate scarcity in the liquid "actively" circulating supply (not being hodled).
I think we will see price rising before the halving. I think we will see a spike before / during / maybe soon after. Followed by cashing out of everyone who bought before the spike to make a quick buck so we'll see price come way back down. But overall, the net effect will be a significant price increase over time.
To an extent, yes, it's "priced in", but the fact that there are 50+ comments on this thread and a lot of people have no idea what the halving is or how it has any impact, at least for those people it's not priced in at all.
@_date: 2018-05-25 20:41:49




You are really confused.
@_date: 2018-08-23 16:40:00
\&gt; I don’t expect the day itself to be significant outside of an emotional reaction
Yes, of course. There is a lag before the minted halved bitcoin can even possibly hit the market, and the market largely will already be gearing up for it months in advance.
\&gt; If anything we may see a significant increase in hashrate prior
I don't really agree that we'd see this. I think that anyone with miners where it's possible to make a profit have them turned on, so there isn't much idle hashpower to be added to the network. If there is an increase, it'll be organic and it'll be because asic producers have shipped new lots, irrespective of the halving.
I think we're in agreement though. Now is the time to buy.
@_date: 2018-05-23 17:29:26


I think you haven't looked at the math closely enough. A lot of people think a BTC at $1M is a high price, it's "the moon" and a price at full adoption. This is totally wrong. BTC has basically zero adoption right now and price exploded to $10k+. 99% of people own zero BTC and the 1% who do own it have extremely limited use for it. Mainly it's for hodling or trading, trying to play the volatility markets.
When BTC captures an industry, it doesn't really matter what it is, when it dominates any industry as THE way to trade, value will skyrocket. That skyrocket will self-perpetuate another cycle of boom and bust, but the settling point will be far higher than today's prices. When we go from 1% of people owning bitcoin to 5% it will be a major move in price, easily to $100k and beyond.
Every halving exacerbates this. We will have industries dominated by BTC by end of 2019 if not before. BTC will become the new world reserve currency and will replace fiat in most of the world.
When you think about the volume of money that moves around, and BTC is going to have to account for a substantial portion of that flow, $1,000,000,000 is not at all unrealistic and it will be here before we know it. The adoption rate of new technology is accelerating. Sure, your cherry-picked example of chip+pin took X years to adopt globally but that technology was not opt-in on an individual level. BTC is. Hold on to your BTC because 5 years from now, you'd be kicking yourself for selling today at $100k.
@_date: 2018-05-10 16:30:25


I'm sure that's the case and I think we already to see examples of this in less financially secure countries. There is still the technical barrier though that I think is a significant deterrent.


I mildly agree with this point. Yes, companies put millions into user experience, and Bitcoin can't compete with cute gimmicks and marketing campaigns. I think "with great user experience" is the key though. And there will come a time when "average and acceptable user experience" will be good enough that the cost savings makes "great user experience" in this field obsolete.
I actually think we'll get the best of both worlds. Eventually, market forces and competition will push crypto into these centralized systems. Right now, Chase Pay only lets a user pay with a Chase credit card. My prediction Chase Pay (and or competing providers) *will* create the "great user experience" and let you use Bitcoin with it.
Credit cards aren't going away anytime soon. They meet a need for a lot of people and there are valid uses for a credit card. However, for people who don't need what the credit card is offering crypto is going to be easy for Chase and other banks and providers to integrate and support, and that'll be a good thing.
I can already hear some people crying, and yes, I agree that letting a bank be custodian of your crypto largely defeats the greatest benefit. BUT I'm not suggesting anyone should or will give all their crypto to their bank to be custodian of. I'm suggesting that **IF** you want a "great user experience" along with your use of crypto, there is a market for it, and banks likely will supply for that demand.
@_date: 2018-05-10 14:56:58
Of course I agree with you but especially in Western first world (especially US) 99% of people have not experienced the downsides of NOT having complete control over their money.
For the average US citizen I think the statement is completely valid. This week I literally heard the following:


Obviously someone who isn't into crypto but this type of sentiment is rampant still. People DO NOT understand why decentralization or real ownership is important. Most people are more-or-less happy with their custodians because for most, the custodian actually seems pretty good.
I think it's mostly the rich in the West who see the value in actually owning your assets. When a poor person goes to the bank and withdraws $200 it's a breeze, but when a rich person wants to withdrawal $20,0000 or $200,000 these are the people who realize they don't really own what the custodian is holding.
@_date: 2018-08-23 16:32:48
Right. And I don't think there's any good reason that demand should decrease. Why would it? I mean there's the normal market changes due to whatever, but there is no explicit reason that the halving explicitly causes a decrease in demand. So assuming everything goes the way it's going, demand will remain the same, and the halving WILL drive up price.
@_date: 2018-05-10 16:21:48
I was suggesting that the bank has negotiated a deal with Shell.
Shell's fuel price is $2.50/gal for instance.
Chase's gimmick to get people to use their app says, "If you buy your gas with our app, you get a $0.05 discount".
If you had paid at the pump with no added discount, for 10 gallons, you would have paid $25.00. But when you pay with the Chase app, you only have to pay $24.50.
The consumer saves $0.50 total. When I suggested that they're "paying for the discount", I'm referring to the fact that that $0.50 is either coming out of Shell's bottom line, or Chase's.
Since Shell gains no benefit from giving discounts to people using Chase's app as opposed to using cash or some non-chase credit card, my assertion is that Chase is "paying" by way of negotiated contract for the discount.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:42:45
Exactly, that growth rate can easily be accounted for by existing users. That's probably pessimistic, but logarithmic shows there's definitely nothing to celebrate.
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:08:57
There is a massive difference between "gains a lot of adoption" and "domination" in an industry. Plus, "a lot" of adoption is very relative. 
The matter of fact is most people don't have bitcoin, and most of those who do are hodling it. There is a very slim minority who are actually using it for goods or services.
Legal escort industries are by far dominated by fiat. Illegal escort industries are still by far dominated by fiat. Most consumers in the legal or illegal industry have been consumers for some time and already have a fiat payment route which is sufficiently secure and private.
Even in industries like this and gray and black markets (i.e. silk road type industry) are still by far dominated by fiat. These markets happen to be one area where crypto makes sense, so it is one of the few places where crypto is a viable option, but not dominated by any means.
@_date: 2018-08-22 18:05:03
MtGox made it easy, even by 2011 it was easy.
I mined with a normal computer (probably 2010), pentium 4 I think, contributing to a pool. Earned a (then) tiny amount of BTC from the pool and never bothered to withdrawal to my own wallet.
Bought and sold on MtGox in 2011 I just verified in my records. Lost what remained to MtGox when they went under.
Unfortunately was too poor to get back in and didn't understand it well enough to make the sacrifice to get in in a big way. It still seemed like a nerdy pipe dream back then that it could actually succeed.
@_date: 2018-05-03 03:26:13
I'm going to try to keep this as concise as possible.
First, think about your government fiat, like USD, not inherently valuable right? Just a cotton paper composite with a fancy picture. Isn't "really" good for anything except that everyone agrees it's useful.
The problem is, there are people in charge of deciding how much gets printed, so today your $1 can buy a burger at a local fast food joint, but literally it is possible that 6 months from now $100 might not get you a burger if the authorities print enough extras of this cotton paper composite. Sure, unlikely, but it has happened all over the world more times than could be counted.
The solution is a system where no one is allowed to print more. There are technical details on why that get pretty hairy pretty fast, but when you own a bitcoin, you can be damn sure that you own a percentage of the pool of total bitcoin and there will NEVER be more added to the pool of total bitcoin.
The next most important concept is that it actually belongs to you. You might think you have $100,000 in the bank, but there could come a day when you go to the bank and say, "may I please withdrawal my $100k?" undoubtedly in US they would simply say "no", until you proved exactly what you were doing with it. This means YOU DO NOT OWN YOUR MONEY. The bank owns it, and they can dictate when and how much you have access to.
If you are so fortunate to live in the US, then you haven't really realized the pain this can cause. But there may come a time.... With Bitcoin, you ACTUALLY own your bitcoin. You and you alone. Think of it as a "password" (your private keys that you need to defend with your life, have backed up securely, etc). This allows you and ONLY you to spend any and ALL of your bitcoin when YOU decide to without asking for permission. This is a basic freedom that US citizens are primarily the only people that enjoy, and even they don't enjoy it fully with fiat. But with bitcoin they can, and so can everyone else. It IS power to the people.
@_date: 2018-05-21 15:23:02
Most people on here will agree with your sentiment and that's just fine but I can't help but point out that your statement is totally false. "Go to zero" refers to price, and price requires volume (a sale between both a buyer and a seller). Assuming those people who "actually believe in it" truly "won't be selling", that doesn't help price stay away from zero. If no one is selling, no one is buying, and if no one is buying, price IS at zero. No matter how many people "believe" and "hodl", if no one is buying, prize IS zero.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:33:17


This only matters when the power goes out long term. You don't really need your 1.5b accessible all day every day. If you have 1.5b in a QR code, chances are you have enough tangible liquid assets handy to get by in the short term too.
Assuming you're in a locality where frequent power outages are an issue, you probably don't have stacks of gold, and you probably don't have BTC either, nor a 3rd party custodian since you probably don't have savings or a functioning networked payment processor.
On the other hand, if you're in a locality where frequent power outages are NOT an issue, now your argument is largely invalid.
Think about any large Western country with reliable power. If there's a major power outage for a sustained period, you're going to have much bigger problems than access to your money. Even if you had all your money in stacks of gold, what would you buy? The grocers and markets would be cleaned out instantly, as would all petrol stations. Planes are going to be grounded, there'll be food shortages. Sure, you'd rather have a stack of gold bars than a QR code, but in reality neither one is going to do you all that much good until your society stabilizes and people stop starving to death and killing one another for their stacks of gold. Yeah, you might be better off with the QR code.
@_date: 2018-05-26 20:03:15
Bitcoin is software. That software is open source, and versioned. There are roughly 10k nodes running worldwide, and they run on a set of rules, one of which is the mining algorithm.
If "the devs" attempted to change the mining algorithm, they've effectively done nothing. Those 10k nodes and the bitcoin network hasn't changed a bit. Even if the devs agree, and one dev opens a pull request to the code and another approves it and in the official repository the algorithm is different there. Still, the bitcoin network hasn't changed.
So no, they can't change the mining algorithm of the bitcoin network. They can change the code, but it's up to the participants (node owners) to change the algorithm.
Even in the event that this occurred, the devs made a change to the code AND some number of node owners change the software they're running to use the new algorithm. Absolutely guaranteed, you're still going to have people who decide the old algorithm is better and continue using that version.
You can play semantics and pretend the mining algorithm changed but it really didn't. It remained the same and "the devs" and the people who chose to run that new software are running something new. They may even call it Bitcoin, but it hasn't changed, it's something new, you might call it Litecoin or something.
The truth in the end though is that no, "the devs" can't just modify the code executing on the existing 10k Bitcoin nodes at will.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:24:07


This is absolutely crazy. 3% is crazy let alone 10%.
@_date: 2018-03-11 16:48:43
Don't forget, a few key people prop up and sell a bunch of high priced futures before canceling SS2X. And then SS2X can't actually activate at all because, well, NPE when you start it, which anyone who tested it would've seen. 