@_author: d3on
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:10:35
That was my first comment I made in any bitcoin related forum ever since bitcoin is more like a really small hobby to me, so yes I might not be that up to date and am probably lacking information, just like I mentioned in the post.
@_date: 2017-11-24 11:38:43
I'll try to neutrally talk a bit about the non-technical side of things. 
You have two participants in a game where both want to be the most successful coin, so there are the BTC users who want their BTC to go up in value and accessibility and the BCH users who want their comparatively new fork to flourish and at one point be as (and probable even more) widespread as BTC currently is.
Since both groups see the other one as a dangerous competitor they are not really fond of each other. BTC users tend to have money invested in BTC and BCH users in BCH, so they are also somewhat threatened by each other financially. And if you have multiple thousands invested into your coin of choice you tend to be a lot more "passionate" about things.
So BTC users tend to hang around other BTC users and BCH users tend to hang around other BCH users, which usually leads to biased camps of people who will both tell you "MY coin is the best, f*ck THE OTHER COIN". I'd take both with a grain of salt since the replies/opinions you get will heavily depend on who you're asking and which coin they have their money in.
@_date: 2017-11-24 12:15:10
Well, gotta get some juicy clicks with exaggerated headlines so that the people who always despised bitcoin can think "Heh, see, I knew it, bitcoin is done for!"
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:59:48
So what should I take from this thread? 
Initially it seemed like people rated the app low because they switched the standard wallet from BTC to BCH, but apparently that's just some random person spreading misinformation and the only thing that happens is that you now also get a BCH wallet next to your main BTC wallet, but you don't even have to use it if you don't want it.
I feel like I am missing something, is that worth indirectly vote-brigading the app and even the website? [(see this post)](
This seems rather vile, but as already said, maybe I'm missing a crucial element here.
@_date: 2017-11-23 13:36:24
Well when a lot of (personal) money is on the line, people tend to go crazy rather fast.
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:18:27
Thank you, I did indeed not see that as I wouldn't really say that I'm active in bitcoin communities. 
I read through the comment tree you linked and I can understand why people would feel that the change in the app is misguiding (especially for new users), but I also feel like the outrage (1 star votings, etc.) is a bit over the top. 
I get that there is some kind of dispute going on between BTC and BCH supporters so the outrage was probably fueled by that.