@_author: d4200
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:51:03
I especially respect Slush due to their neutrality and allowing their members to determine signalling. I haven't done a ton of research into his stance, but my impression is that Slush himself is a proponent of the Core chain, yet he still stands back and allows his pool members to determine how the pool signals. In this tribal crypto ecosystem where everyone seems to take sides and vilify those who dare disagree, it takes incredible integrity to not abuse his position as founder of Slush Pool to push his own agenda.
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:02:51
EDA on BCH causes swings in hash power, causing a delay in blocks, causing a backlog of transactions. The mempool backlog is already down almost 20k transactions in the past hour or two since hashing power switched back.
The important thing to recognize here is that it isn't that there in insufficient hash power, but that there is a large variation in hash power. Bitcoin could exist just fine with the lower hash power if it was consistent due to the difficulty adjustment. The backlog solely exists because when miners temporarily switch to BCH, it is long enough to affect the mempool, but not long enough for bitcoin's difficulty adjustment to counteract it. So it isn't about the total hash power, but the frequent and inconsistent hash power switching between chains.
This will resolve itself once a) BCH fixes their EDA or b)  BCH continues to slide into obscurity, eventually reaching a point where it is no longer able to attract enough mining power to affect the block rate of BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:26:11
If you have access to the BCH, but the exchange just won't let you trade, shapeshift is always an option. Used their services a few time and has always worked well for me. They only allow crypto to crypto though, so if you're looking to cash out into fiat you'll need to use another service.
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:48:02
I agree with you to an extent. I think we'll see a correction, and that sub 5k again at some point in the future is not just a possibility, but a probability. That being said, I still pulled the trigger on a small purchase yesterday. Why? Because my BTC holdings are already so in the black, that a temporary loss on a small portion of my holdings isn't really a concern. This is the beauty of cost averaging. I firmly believe that we're no where near the top, so buying at 5500 and watching it drop to 5000 doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things, especially when you're already so far ahead.
Buy small, buy often, and the day to day volatility begins to be largely inconsequential. I'm largely waiting until post fork to continue my regular buying habits as well, but like I said, if you think Bitcoin is here to stay, whether you buy at 3500, 4500, or 5500 probably won't be something you dwell on in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:01:07
Just want to echo everyone saying to find a new bank. It is literally the only recourse you have, and it is only effective if people actually do it. It is the only way to coerce the banks into behaving like the financial *service* institutions they are supposed to be.
I wish I could provide suggestions, but none of the banking institutions I use are open to the public. Definitely check out local credit unions though, they're usually much better than banks. Like mine, many of the better ones only serve a specific group of people (e.g. veterans, alumni, employees), so if you belong to any group like that you might qualify for membership in their CU.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:35:51
A fork occurs when two conflicting versions of the bitcoin system exist. Both use the same historical transaction history, but at the last common block they depart based on the new transactions they receive post split.
For example, say me and you have a cryptocurrency that lives on our blockchain, and it has 10 blocks. Me and you disagree on something, for example how many transactions each block can contain, and after a stalemate you decide that once our chain reaches block 15, you're going to start accepting larger blocks. We will continue to exist on the same chain until block 15, but in block 16 we being to accept different transaction requests, but all requests are still based on that 15 block history we share.
Usually it is expected that one chain will succeed and the other will fail, but as we've seen with ETC and BCH, that isn't always true.
@_date: 2017-10-16 17:15:46
*broadcast almost instantly, confirmed usually in under 30 mins, with a fee ranging from cents to a couple dollars...
FTFY. Although to be fair, I can agree that buying coffee with Bitcoin is dumb if you live in the western world and have access to the robust banking infrastructure present there. Just a bit of an exaggeration on your portrayal of Bitcoin. If you're waiting hours and have $10 fees, there is something seriously wrong with the way you're using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:52:32
I traded some of my BCH for Ether as well. Been watching and waiting the last few days for the two to reach parity. Ether has come within single digits dollar values of being equal to BCH, when at one point BCH was like twice as valuable. Definitely glad I got out when I did.
Also with you on OMG. Been wanting to play with more alts in small quantities myself, I just haven't found a good solution for storing them. Running a whole mess of wallets and keeping track of a bunch of recovery keys doesn't seem all that more appealing than leaving them on an exchange. Really wish there was some wallet software that was faster on adopting new coins so I could just use one, although I'm sure it isn't that easy.
@_date: 2017-10-16 17:36:32
Same boat. I think Erik unnecessarily caught a lot of shit after his stance on Altcoin evolved, but still think his stance on 2X is wrong at this point. I understand the original intent of 2X in bringing and end to the scaling debate, but at this point it is clearly a push by monied interests (Erik included) to exert control over the development of Bitcoin, which I think is a dangerous precedent. As long as we're ideologically opposed in this issue, I'll likely refrain from using any of his businesses.
Wish he'd just focus on bringing new ideas and greater utility to the Bitcoin community, and avoid all this political stuff. Shapeshift is great, and I was hoping their involvement in Keepkey would bring some exciting development there, but just can't get behind the idea of businessmen telling developers how and when to change Bitcoin code.
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:55:19
I don't remember this from season 2 (although that E-Corp cash thing some what alluded to it), and haven't watched the first episode of season 3 yet. If this is something that is revealed or plays a significant role in the first episode, and you decided to not only post it to Reddit, but to include it as a spoiler in the title of your post, you sir, are a gigantic sack of dicks.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:27:02
I caught the last half hour or so of this, but would be interested in watching the whole thing if anyone finds a link to the recording. I looked around hoping they'd put one up right away, or that the stream automatically archives, but wasn't able to find anything.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:29:23
Coinbase has said they will provide both coins to their customers in the event two chains survive a la BTC and BCH. That being said, how long it takes them to make those coins available is unknown afaik. Transferring to a storage method where you control the keys ensures instant access to coins on both chains. I would personally suggest using either a paper wallet for simplicity, or electrum wallet. I suggest those two because they're the only two I'm familiar with using during a fork. I have never used Jaxx so I can't comment on that, but I have heard some people raise concerns about security issues with Jaxx unrelated to the fork, so I probably wouldn't suggest it.
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:54:52
I don't remember this from season 2 (although that E-Corp cash thing some what alluded to it), and haven't watched the first episode of season 3 yet. If this is something that is revealed or plays a significant role in the first episode, and you decided to not only post it to Reddit, but to include it as a spoiler in the title of your post, you sir, are a gigantic sack of dicks.
@_date: 2017-10-10 00:00:52
I don't think John McAfee believes in bitcoin as much as he's recognized he can get into the business and make money hyping it. I think he's already thoroughly proved that he doesn't give a fuck about what anyone thinks, so if he has to deal with the public scorn of backing out of a wager in exchange for making more money to fuel his bath salt and hooker filled lifestyle, I think he'd be completely fine with that.
I'm not judging or anything. I'm sure I'd get into some weird shit if I ever got wealthy enough. I just think he is disingenuous in his enthusiasm and mainly makes these statements because he is able to indirectly benefit from them.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:52:06
Anything is possible. I'd say turning $400 in $15,000 in a year is improbable though, even in the crypto world. Getting even a part time job would be a more reliable means of income for sure. Even like a barback job that you can turn into bar tending once your 18 would let you save up $15k pretty easily if you don't have a ton of living expenses.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:02:04
Bronze Age ended between 1200-600 BC depending on the region, so Jesus' timeline would have firmly fallen into the Iron Age. Many of the fairy tales themselves came even later. 
Agree with leaving religions out of it, but you need to get into the Torah / Old Testament if you want some Bronze Age fairy tales. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:49:24
I was a big fan of Ron when he was in Congress and when he ran for President, but he has never seemed particular wary about attaching his name to things. The prime example being those racist news letters that someone ghostwrote, but affixed his name to in exchange for money.
While I agree with him promoting Bitcoin, I'm doubtful of his understanding of the technology, which I don't like because promoting something you don't understand seems dishonest. Obviously I could be wrong, but Ron just doesn't seem like someone who understands technology in general, and I think you kind of need to to really get Bitcoin. Like Bernie, genuine honesty is what made Ron an appealing candidate, so I really hope this isn't just him pushing crypto for a paycheck.
@_date: 2017-10-13 19:39:07
I personally think BTC is always a good long term buy. It will definitely go up, and definitely go down, and buying near an all time high is not the best time to buy, but if it reaches 6 figures, which I believe it will, it won't matter much to you if you bought at 4500 or 5500.
I also think ETH is a good long term buy. They are targeting a different market than Bitcoin, and have a similar first mover advantage in their niche like Bitcoin does. 
Both certainly have downsides, and could absolutely fail.
I'm less sold on litecoin. It seems like it is a solution to a problem that doesn't, or won't, exist. Bitcoin is divisible, and doesn't really need a silver to bitcoin's gold, assuming Bitcoin solves it's scaling issues. If it doesn't, I think that completely changes everything and betting on LTC is still a big unknown.
If your looking to day trade, and don't mind the excessive research necessary to do so successfully, then none of the cryptos coinbase offers can really compete with the potential of up and comers. Monero, Zcash, Dash, Ripple, NEO, OMG, Ark, etc, all have much more short term upside potential, but they are also a lot riskier. Their price increases also don't necessarily correlate with the fundamentals of the cryptocurrency as much as they are influenced by speculation and hype. So more risk and reward in alts, but also a lot more difficult to make informed decisions.
This is not investment advice, just my personal opinion on the crypto space right now. Things change so fast that everything I just said could be obsolete and wrong within a few weeks, but that is my quick assessment as I see it today.
@_date: 2017-10-13 19:55:11
Gotta talk to Ethereum and other Altcoin miners about that. Mining Bitcoin with GPUs hasn't been practical for at least a couple years now. Bitcoin is almost exclusively mined using purpose built asic chips that are specifically designed to hash SHA256, and essentially useless for everything else.
@_date: 2017-10-19 21:44:03
You can use a pi, I did that with Electrum wallet for awhile before I bought a hardware wallet. For long term storage I feel it is hard to beat an encrypted paper wallet. It works, and it's essentially free. If it is encrypted you can make multiple back up copies with minimal worry. Even with a hardware wallet, I still have some BTC stored in paper wallets.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:22:12
+1 for Electron Cash. When I finally unloaded mine I just made sure to transfer all BTC in my Electrum Wallet to new addresses, and also imported my paper wallets and did the same. Once that was complete I downloaded Electron Cash, recovered using my seed phrase to get the BCH associated with the BTC stored on Electrum, then imported the same paper wallets. The entire process was really simple and took less than an hour. Probably only took 10 mins of actual work, rest was waiting on confirmation since I'm a cheapskate and don't like paying high tx fees.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:18:23
I disagree with Erik on 2X, but still think he has done a lot of good things for the Bitcoin ecosystem, and will likely continue to do so (Satoshi dice, shapeshift, prism, etc). However, I'm slowly losing patience with Keepkey. It is in part my own fault for buying into a product with expectations for future development, but the fact that they still haven't included BCH split in their official release, and still haven't provided a statement on how they are going to adapt to the chrome app issue isn't confidence inspiring.
For what it is, it works, and I'll probably continue to use it, but I've hopped abroad the Ledger/Trezor train when it comes to recommending devices to friends interested in BTC. I'm not switching myself, since Keepkey does do what I need it to do right now, but my needs are evolving, and if Keepkey isn't able to evolve as well, the other hardware wallets seem to be willing to.
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:55:17
You will ultimately have to wait for coinbase to make both chains available to you since they hold the keys required to transact on both chains. After the BCH fork I expect exchanges to be more prepared this time, but it could still be potentially days, weeks or months until you get full access to both chains. For example, I believe coinbase customers who stored their coins on coinbase still do not have access to the BCH.
Your alternatives are to use a storage method where you control the keys. I can only speak personally to Electrum wallet and using paper wallets, both of which worked perfectly for what I needed during the previous fork.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:16:45
Yeah, invest that $400 in improving your situation so at some point you can have more disposable money, and then think about cryptos. If you don't have a job and are living of the charity of others, remedying that situation should be priority  
It sounds like you have some good friends, and if you want to keep them don't take advantage of their kindness. Help out and contribute when you can, and don't talk about how you're spending your money unless it is in furtherance of getting your own place. No one putting someone up wants to hear about them spending money on things they may view as wasteful, and when you're relying on the charity of others, they tend to be more opinionate about your financial situation.
So yeah, I wouldn't throw anything into cryptos until you had some income and a more stable situation. $400 isn't going to make you rich over night, or next month, or next year. It may go up, but we're not talking retire in your 20s money with a $400 initial investment.
@_date: 2017-10-12 21:01:29
Although to be fair, OP has one of the best banking institutions out there imo. Been a Navy Fed member for like 15 years now, and have nothing but good things to say about them. I agree with "fuck banks" in general, but Navy Fed and USAA might be the exceptions.
@_date: 2017-10-17 15:36:06
To me the big difference between the possible monied interests pushing segwit/LN, and the possible monied interests pushing blocksize increase, is that segwit and LN are optional, where as a blocksize increase is forced on the entire network. Even if LN leads to centralization, on chain transactions will still exist as an option. However, larger blocks affect the entire network, and while 2mb may not be the end of the world, we've already got people calling for even larger blocks, which absolutely centralizes the network.
Larger blocks are the faster and easier solution, but not necessarily the better. I want choice instead of coercion, and right now core is the only development group in Bitcoin offering that. Even if segwit/ln is some big plot by monied interests, I can just not use it. That isn't to say the fee situation is acceptable, it isn't, but it is better than a contentious change being forced on all users because a handful of business got together and decided the fate of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:15:43
The first few episodes of last season didn't really keep my interest. Couldn't do the week-to-week episodes and stay interested, so I just waited for the season to end and gave it another go at few months down the road. It's a lot more enjoyable imo if you can binge on it. The second half the season 2 ties a lot of the first half together, and the plot seems to advance a lot faster.