@_author: d4amenace
@_date: 2018-08-22 18:24:18
On the other side of the coin......this does present an opportunity.  I was just thinking....if some enterprising entrepreneur such as myself were to connect with a developer to create an easy to use interface that interacts directly with my lightning node that makes business use easy, I might make a good business model.
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:23:57
I don't know what you mean by "hot wallet".  I think you don't understand how exactly the node operates in the case the bitcoin core wallet is encrypted.  The wallet remains encrypted at all times.  In order to open a channel, which, in theory, shouldn't happen that often, you have to open the encryption so that the transaction will be allowed.  The length of time is determined by you, so when I do my transactions I only un-encrypt for a few seconds.  Then the wallet re-encrypts itself and the channel begins the process of establishing itself.  The wallet DOES NOT have to remain un-encrypted at all times.  Only when the user is ready to establish and **fund channels**.  Most of these channels will be open for days or even weeks at a time, so most of the action will be in the LN payments throughout the life of the channel which DO NOT require an unencrypted bitcoin wallet, just money inside the long established payment channel.  So encryption will be "on" and LN economic activity will be at it's zenith.......contrary to popular opinion.
@_date: 2018-08-22 08:00:04
When you put the conf file to match for eclair you might have to resync the chain because you have to make it a non-pruning node to be compatible with lightning...or maybe it's the other way around....  Explaining pruning here would take too long and be pointless....so....as far as the port forwarding, I was hoping not to have to do a video since it is pretty time consuming and I'm not making anything for it.  But I will since it seems to be needed...
As far as the devs, you have to realize that the current implementation of lightning isn't even supposed to be used on mainnet.  It really still is in beta and should only be used on testnet.  Those of us who are bold have decided to go ahead and implement.  I hope you already have an account with bisq, localbitcoin, or square so you can get some bitcoin into that wallet so when you get it running you can start establishing channels.......
I will post the port forward video soon.....
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:53:36
Yes the desktop is a full node.  So you can send and receive in an unlimited fashion since it is connected directly to your bitcoin wallet.  (As long as you have funds to secure the channels)
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:32:28
Can you read? You just took the first sentence and attacked my understanding?!!!  I just gave you the most detailed ACTUAL USER EXPERIENCE AND UNDERSTANDING FROM A FIRST-MOVER and you tell me I can't understand.  You obviously are some bcash or other coin troll and I am done......
@_date: 2018-08-21 17:40:57
Actually the LN is just that.....a network.  It is a blockchain designed to allow participants to use their btc to create paths between each other and instantly exchange the btc.   It is merely a series of paths........
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:26:19
There are some things being left out of the explanation.  First your "node" as it is called, is actually considered to be your bitcoin core wallet. This is the program that stores your bitcoin, and a copy of the blockchain, and allows you to do normal transactions.  When you do a normal transaction it is sent to the bitcoin blockchain to be included in the next "block".  Since these blocks are produced every 10 minutes or so, it takes about that long for a transaction to initially show up on the blockchain and a few more "blocks" to fullly validate.  As you can imagine, if you are trying to use bitcoin to make a purchase this is unacceptable, you want to pay RIGHT AWAY and go on with your life.  The lightning network was developed so that you could open channels, where you take some bitcoin and put it in a smart contract known as a "channel".
Think of a normal bitcoin transaction as a train.......the sender loads the train with some goods and sends it off to it's destination.....takes time....
Now, lightning is like someone developed teleportation technology that allows 2 entities to exchange goods instantaneously without the need of the train or to lay the tracks...just when you need to send something fire up a portal with neither party in control but both agreeing what goes through simultaneously .
To sum up, when you send bitcoin it has to be processed to the bitcoin chain and takes some time. When you send lightning, you send through a network or "handshake" connections that are controlled by the parties that initiate them. So if someone opens a channel to you that means they can send up to that value in the channel to you OR TO ANYONE YOU ARE CONNECTED TO (in a chain like fashion) on the entire lightning network. These channels serve as pathways for funds too and from the originator.
You open a channel to B for 1 BTC. The channels' "capacity" is 1 BTC. You can now send up to 1 BTC to B or even better...anyone B may be connected to! If you send it to B then you don't pay a fee since you have a direct connection to B. But if B is connected to C,D,E-(who is connected to G and H) to can send a LN payment to any of them as long a you pay B a miniscule payment (literally hundreths of a cent!) .......then you can see how you can do these "bunny-hop" transactions through other peoples channels. Leaving a few channels open to a few well connected nodes that have good funding is a good idea since this should put you in position to send and receive from anyone using lightning network.
Now , here is the advanced knowledge, as time goes on you will send and receive money into those channels...but at some point to cash out you will need to close the channel, so the funds can drop back into your bitcoin wallet.
And remember, channels and nodes are 2 different things. Your node is your bitcoin wallet connected to the eclair lightning interface. The channels are created on your node to different locations. So if people want to connect to your "node", they would need your NODE URI. Looks like this,........
02e2dafe6337babc54f6135b4be1fa775aee44f67a00da26e2649f2088e5f88ab2 
So if someone opens a channel to your node, let's say your brother and it is for 1 BTC. This doesn't mean you can take his BTC, it just means that now a path is open to you to instantly send you up to 1 BTC at any time day or night. He or you can close this channel at any time and settle it. Let's say one day he sends you 0.2 BTC and then the next day he sends you 0.5. So initially, the channel was balanced with 0 BTC on your side and 1 BTC on his side, but now, the channel shows 0.7 BTC on your side and 0.3 BTC on your brothers side. If either of your decide to close the channel, a closing transaction is sent, ends the lightning pathway and deposits 0.7 BTC back down to your normal bitcoin core wallet and 0.3 to his normal wallet. Of course, since these closing transactions are normal bitcoin transactions. it will take 10 minutes before the first confirmation appears and about 3 to 6 confirmations (approx 30 to 60 minutes) before the transactions are confirmed and available for use in your bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:51:15
I have used a standard bitcoin encrypted wallet for years no problems.....
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:49:28
That's why, if you are in business and you want to make money you have to work for it.  You have to show people how to use it to make money.  No one is going to spoon feed information into customers or businesses, they have to want to learn.  Fortunately for customers, they don't need to.  For businesses though saying something is "too hard" to learn is like saying " I refuse to work to increase my revenue".  This is what a business is basically doing if they just quit on bitcoin when a simple option like the one I show is here.  Anyone who cannot scan a bar code shouldn't be using bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-21 17:42:32
It's nothing like the current system as it's operating banks are everyone who operates a node.  So the central banking system basically has been decentralized.
@_date: 2018-08-22 08:04:58
People keep requesting me to explain the port forwarding part.  I have decided to do so tomorrow, even though it takes up quite a bit of time and I am basically doing these videos for free.....so I will let you know when it is posted.
What your friend is talking about is buying a VPS, installing BTCPay Server on it, and running Zap lightning wallet remotely connected to that node.  And yes, he pays $13 a month for this, which is ridiculous in the long run.  Some people do this because they think they can't run a node off their PC.  Only businesses will need to go your friends route when they want to host a website and accept lightning payments in house.
With that said, I will let you know when the port forwarding video is ready.
@_date: 2018-08-22 08:07:34
Also, you might want to setup the node and lightning app first. It might work out of the box.  You will know if you have port problems when after you establish your first channel between your phone app and your comp app and the payment fails.  It should never fail when a payment is going between 2 members of a direct channel connection.
You can't find this out though until you do the first part of the setup.
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:46:08
Tutorial on Port Forwarding
@_date: 2018-08-22 08:09:12
Sounds good. Let me know how it goes.
@_date: 2018-08-20 04:35:02
Check out this tutorial to install Eclair on your windows PC. Includes CRITICAL conf files for bitcoin and eclair. The most complete installation video on the internet! Don't forget to give a THUMBS UP (ON YOUTUBE) AND SHARE, SHARE, SHARE!
@_date: 2018-06-12 01:39:20
I have gotten as far as setting up eclair on android for sending and windows desktop for sending and receiving.  I have a stupid question.  Once I fund my first channel, am I a full node and the capacity is the channel amount?  Or what else would I need to do to "be" a node?  And once I am a node, is my capacity the amount of all available channels or some designate?
@_date: 2018-06-12 05:44:19
This is a key fact.  Thank you for  pointing this out. Adoption will be spawned by the majority, not minority over\-priviledged westerners (if I may be so bold).  When people who don't have paypal are given the ability to bank themselves in places where banks can't be trusted or are usury, people will flock to this fast payment system.   People here in the US will have to adapt as the new global financial system develops around them.
@_date: 2018-06-12 05:34:47
As soon as I saw this I laughed my ass off! Thank you!  I just went through the trouble of setting up my LN Node and it was a complete pain in the azz!  I needed that laugh.....