@_author: d_seaman
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:36:16
Correct. :)
@_date: 2014-08-11 04:44:54
not sure what your motivation is, but you seem to be in the habit of making it seem like I'm some kind King Shill of the alt coins. I'm not paid by Bryce (or anyone) to mention coins on my show.
When I'm in the media (tv, radio, or talking to the public) vast majority of my air is spent on covering Bitcoin, not alts. They are a personal hobby and interest of mine, I've done tremendously well (and a few times, not well at all) from some of them, and overall competition in blockchains will lead to more innovation... and decentralization in currency... not less.
11 days ago you posted:
"The author, David Seaman, god that guy. Does anyone know what's his deal? I can't figure out if he is completely confused and used by Bryce Weiner, or being paid by alt coins for pumping. He had tons of "nautiluscoins are up x amount" tweets, then the dump, and then nothing. No tweet about Naut being down x percent, just a blanket statement saying you could make money or lose money. He keeps searching for the "next bitcoin" making myspace and facebook comparisons, and I just have to put my hand over my head. He barely understands that bitcoin is the network, and services like coinbase are the twitter/facebook.myspace. I really like the guy and was a big fan before he even knew about crypto, but jeez Seaman, get it together man."
I've talked numerous times about Nautiluscoin since then, and have discussed them on Twitter where I spend most my time (sorry, haven't been keeping as up to date on reddit lately). 
The TL;DR is that I'm distancing myself (although I still own some) because the main appeal of Naut was Brian Kelly and the coin's potential Wall Street connections. After seeing that piece of shit "BitLicense" proposal - protectionist govt dishonesty so blatant it's like a circle jerk for hardcore Ayn Randians - I realized that New York and the wealthy establishment have lost any right to this new boom. If they are going to put up obstacles to growth to protect their banking buddies, well then, with all due respect to them, fuck them. That money will move to California, and London - which it already is. 
We don't need a 10 page disclosure notice and surgeon general's warning before loading the Bitcoin-qt client. We shouldn't be allowing state governments to license open source software creation, tinkering, and distribution. That's insane. Let's keep it real.
Alt wise, I've been telling my readers mostly about Hyper, which is up more than 400% from where I first began buying and discussing the coin's benefits.
But again, most of my energy in the media (like 99.5% goes to Bitcoin). I fully realize introducing the public to Bitcoin with a discussion about Peercoin is probably not doing anyone any good. When I cover alts, it's for those of us who know what we're doing, not Jane or Joe Average looking to setup their first Bitcoin buy.
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:10:34
Yes, it's amazing! Really frictionless between credit card and Bitcoin, it makes $500 of your buy available for use immediately.
My only suggestion is that limits are pretty low - $500 per week via credit card, $2500 per week via linked bank account. I'm assuming these limits will get higher as they gain more confidence in usage behaviors, etc.
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:25:07
Thanks dude. 
I never trash Bitcoin. Bitcoin is fucking amazing, so if you can point me in the direction of any article / video / speech where I've bashed the big BTC, I'd like to see it. Bitcoin gave us cryptographic fire and I'll always be grateful to it for that (and hold some).
Within alts, I'm giving serious thought to paring back my holdings considerably - focusing that money on a few sure things, instead of a bunch of smaller speculative investments. If this happens, I'll be consolidating my crypto into Bitcoin (for obvious reasons, and the network is unstoppable), Hyper (for gamer volume - the in-game currency market will be worth billions, and Bitcoin is so busy taking out banks and card processors it is ignoring this demo entirely), and Razor (might as well be in one identity protection coin to benefit from dark market volume, and of those coins I think the approach here is most elegant/honest - runs Tor natively).
I am a quirky guy. So kudos on that.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:42:56
yes! I posted some screenshots when I reviewed it recently for Follow The Coin. 