@_author: da_banks
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:54:34
Really seems as though forgiving state debt (incurred by totalitarian dictators and/or colonial governors) would go a lot further and work a lot faster than waiting for smartphone adoption rates to get high enough to use bitcoin regularly in developing nations. 
I mentioned this in the comment above but maybe you could answer specifically for Troy-- how would you make it possible for the city to accept bitcoins as legal tender for taxes? Isn't it a federal law that all taxes be collected in US dollars? What sorts of legal hoops would you need to jump through to get that done in the city and are there other options (working through SEFCU, for example) to get something similar done without bitcoins? Here I'm thinking of the Berkshares alternative currency program nearby.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:31:55
Bitcoin, for most of its history, has had massive inequality when it comes to who holds them: 
How can a currency that experiences more hoarding than standard US currency bring about the sort of cost saving and democratic effects that you say it will have?
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:40:39
But we've already seen that bitcoin ***is*** a highly centralized system with a lot of corruption. (cough Mt. Gox cough) so that's not a convincing argument at all.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:00:25
A lot of banks are just holding companies for money. I could store and protect cash too.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:00:45
It seems that we agree that this is not unique to bitcoin. It is, in fact, the exact same story for all currencies. I understand that the biggest feature of bitcoin is the blockchain's decentralization of exchange ledgers but again, it is only as decentralized as humans have access to computing power, which is still highly uneven. I don't understand what's to stop a couple of powerful actors doing a bunch of mining and not only hoarding currency but also retaining a massive portion of the collective computing power that the blockchain relies upon, which would create the same problems that we have today. 
There's also the problem of accepting currency for taxes. The very ability to pay taxes with them is what gives dollars their "value."