@_author: dabeagle
@_date: 2014-12-20 10:51:55
Sorry, I know I have stuffed some things up, New at this. I tried to post with correct spacing and punctuation. But it wouldn't let me, too large apparently. So at the risk of making my old English teacher spin violently in his grave, this is best I could do.
@_date: 2014-12-20 10:41:58
Mate, sorry I didn't, I'm new to this and have apparently stuffed some things up. Was the link supposed to show IGOTS webpage?
@_date: 2014-12-20 10:08:32
I have used a few different platforms out there,but none like IGOT.They sounded fantastic,site looked professional and easy to use,they promise fast service,real time response,from signing up to purchasing  within minutes and most of all they promised great customer service as they really want the customer to be happy.Where do I sign, being  a realist I wasn't expecting all that,but if they really were trying to achieve  the above I wanted to join.Well it’s said there is a huge difference between expectation and reality but with my experience, one could assume you are not talking about the same company.Ok registration was difficult, nothing new here as most are.But this was ridiculously difficult with some very odd requests and faults due to their system,teething problems I thought, and when I mentioned it, got shot down in flames by my first contact there.Finally weeks later,with me bending over backwards I have an account.Now to sample the instant superfast purchase promise.Tried Eft over 4 days before being in my account. Australia does have some antiquated banking policy, and I can't blame them for that.So I ask what's the fastest way. I get an answer,strangely from the same person,in 24 hours.Not quite the real time responses they advertise, but I assume they must be extremely busy.Was told cash over the counter is the best. So I withdraw from my bank, pay bank fees, travel to their bank and deposit. Not what I would call convenient or efficient but I'd see what the difference was. Just over 3.5 days!Not what you would call instant.Only other option Bpay,generally the slowest way from my experiences. But strangely  the fastest at Igot at 2.5days I assume they are working on their systems and will improve in time. Made a purchase, no problems there, except one small concern.After hitting the purchase button you are taken to a Confirm/Cancel screen,that's ok better to have option to cancel If needed ,but I am happy so I choose confirm.After the Bitcoin rate was different to what I first agreed to.I guess,as it was my first time,I took a few seconds more to read,so maybe the rate changed?At least I understand how it works.The following  time I realise the approve/cancel option doesn't show the actual rate you are agreeing to only the amount to be received.A bit odd,but I can click extremely fast, still caught out on higher rates so I'm unsure.Coin in hand I go transfer some,more  delays. The Bitcoin is instantly taken from your account, but expect a day or two before they actually move them. When asking why,again the same person answered, that's how it is, besides everything is done manually at IGOT, and there are only two people in the whole company who can do it. And this is where it gets weird, I love the idea with dealing with local companies.With my preference on small. But with  1-2 days between emails and generally replied to at latenight to very early  morning, or as time went by, no answers at all.Local? Always by the same person, I made a comment that she must be busy, being the only one who was there.Well I got someone else, rudely pointing out they are a big  company with many staff. Ok I've been put back in my place, but as my original query wasn’t addressed I repeated.Afterwards I noticed the writing style was similar to my first contact. Again a bit more back and forth,over days mind you,I was sure it was the same person confirmation when the person accidently signed off with their "real?" name. I Made the biggest mistake when I pointed it out.Explanation, she used the wrong computer,guess it could happen,then things went from bad to Oh my god can it get worse! My privileges (giving them money via Bpay) were revoked until some more bending over, my deposits got lost for weeks, even the banks confirmed they received. More messages over missing funds. And actually, this is how I know there are more staff, I got a message saying the funds still hadn't arrived,5 days after their bank confirmed receipt,It was my fault "it’s not our problem“. But just prior to this message the money was cleared into my account, by obviously some one else. So I reply saying "But I know they are there". While spending most of it over the next few hours. Getting another response " No I just checked again and you have obviously made a mistake, go back to your bank".So making my situation even worse ,common mistake of mine, I opened my big mouth and told her I knew that they were there because I've spent most of it..Could it get any worse, Oh boy it can..I was told I was the rudest customer always complaining.Not the truth,I also give compliments when given good service, but also let people know when the opposite happens.The last problem I could never see coming.I needed to deposit some more funds, and Bpay still was the quickest method, I Bpayed $3,000. Raised a ticket to tell them, if you don't I was told, they won't look for it. Got a reply saying don't send by Bpay as they don't offer it anymore.I double checked all my emails, nothing. Had a look over their website didn’t find anything either.Another ticket raised asking where  that information could be found. Told it’s on the payment page, and if I have already Bpayed, that was my fault, nothing to do with them, so good luck getting that back. So I look at the payment page,nothing about the retraction of Bpay. I say I can’t see anything, and  getting more frustrated as the days drag on, but the reply was unbelievable. “We haven't accepted Bpay for a week, we put a note on the payment page for 3 days then removed it, it’s not our fault that you didn't read it in those 3 days, not our problem”.I apparently had made the stupid mistake of not needing any bitcoin until the fourth day so no message. Good job they are not responsible for"Bridge Out"signs.. It’s incomprehensible  a company would change banking procedure without giving fair notice to customers,but expect they should just know? Now it was urgent,and as no more Bpay, I chose the second fastest method, Cash. So withdrawing again, paying more fees,  re depositing .Told if I get same time transfer, it would be less than an hour. Did this, and informed IGOT, no reply no credit1 hr later ,middle of the day. Still no reply 2 hrs.Sent message.. nothing...4hrs...5hrs..8hrs.. But finally,as I was pulling out my hair watching my window of opportunity close,  I get a response " Due to the fact we feel that you are "NOT HAPPY" we have decided to freeze your account and cancel your contract".... WhatThe??I notice on my computer  my correspondence has been deleted.Making it harder to respond, I find the last one open, and ask what was happening, only to be told this wasn’t the correct ticket to ask on.  I explained it’s the only left. My only guess for removing  the messages was  so I couldn't show anyone the ridiculous responses  or the fact so many simply went unanswered. Bad luck, I have been taking copies since things didn’t add up as I noticed that nothing was downloadable on their site. And it’s  good to keep a copy just in case. I must say If it wasn't such a serious situation it can be read as very comical,  I am sure sometime in the future I will find it very funny. I asked which of the seven violations I had breached within the agreed contract, causing   termination.Told it “was unforeseeable conflict”, and they would eventually return my money. But not the original $3k because they don't have it,  that was my stupid fault. Goodbye.. My bank has talked to theirs, only to find the original money is in their account as the Bpay number was still current when I sent, if it wasn’t it simply wouldn’t have  transferred. Their  bank has asked approval for returning the funds, which IGOT hasn’t responded. Procedure then dictates a up to 120 days for them to agree or dispute. If no response, automatically the funds will be returned. My bank has read the correspondence  so they assure me the funds, while  unavailable, are safe and will eventually be returned. They at least got a good laugh at the emails,while trying to assure me they thought it seriously unacceptable. Well at least IGOT made somebody happy.I’m sorry this has been so long ,I guess I needed to get this off my chest. And for anyone who thinks I am bagging IGOT because I’m affiliated with someone else, I can assure you I’m just an investor like anyone else out there, Not big or too small around 60 bitcoin in 30 days, although there system shows about 3xhigher why, who knows? I invest in other markets, but as things are flat and with most the physical metal market closing over Christmas, thought I’d  try.I have asked for Mr Rick Day or anyone else other than my apparent nemesis, to contact me to talk, with no response. My only conclusion is it’s company policy to treat customers this way.So as my own experience has been such a terrible one,I will continue to tell my story and by doing so warn others so hopefully they can be spared. I have been warned  that quite possibly I will receive legal action against me,as the major investors are in the legal fraternity. This will only serve  to cost me more money, and if that is their wish,It can only show their true nature towards customers.I hope that IGOT change their habits, and become the successful company that they should be.Or at least be honest with what they can and cannot do, as most people are understanding of the situation if told the truth. I have read  on the web some other complaints about IGOT, some I sympathise with , others I feel have been too harsh. And some of the internet community have attacked the people telling their story,which I can’t understand.But find it very hard to still read on their promotional spiels, that they are People friendly with  customer driven staff, Real-time responses and instant transfers are still promoted as the normal IGOT experience. Sounds nice, but in reality many customers are feeling “ IGOT shafted”,“IGOT robbed”,“IGOT ripped off”.You decide, but at least I told you!
@_date: 2014-12-20 11:30:00
After what I have experienced, that makes you lucky! They are an Australian based Bitcoin Exchange, that have expanded now across other countries, I hope they fixed their problems before they did as we don't need anymore Aussie bashing!! If you can't tell I'm new to this so sorry if I'm doing it wrong. Will learn fast...
@_date: 2014-12-20 10:22:18
You will have to forgive me, I'm new at this, but trying.
@_date: 2014-12-20 13:25:40
They certainly know how to rub people the wrong way. Heard a lot of horror stories about them. It beats the hell out of me why you spend all that money and effort in getting something like that off the ground. Then advertise and promote to attract your customer base, then treat them like crap when they get there. It's a shame as I didn't mind their model, but if it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
Have accounts  both with Coinjar and BtcMarkets, and a few others. Coinjar have always lived up to their promises and have been very helpful. Stopped using them with their change recently, but have just reacquainted since. And BTC have been good and bad, think mainly teething/growth problems. And not too helpful with their customer support. But looking back on any problems, they pale in significance compared to what I went through with IGOT. Going to the dentist with anaesthetics isn't as bad as dealing with IGOT. I really should be dropping BTC an apology email for saying they were a bit unprofessional with their customer service. William there however was always quick to reply and helpful. 
Anyway thanks for not bagging me on my bad grammar and lack of knowledge using this site. Hope you have a great Xmas and may the value of Bitcoin rise soon. 