@_author: dabelfrey
@_date: 2012-10-06 21:49:51
Wouldn't this just give the government a centralized organization to attack? I don't care how they rule on the legality of Bitcoin. The whole idea of crypto currencies is to allow people to choose how their money is spent, which (by definition) will eventually eliminate governments entirely. It is very likely that governments will oppose the loss of their ability to tax and steal from people, especially since their very existence depends on it. Why the hell would anyone want to play their games and allow them to continue to entertain the idea that they have the authority to declare a thing right or wrong, and in the process, support and legitimize the same criminal system that crypto currencies were designed to destroy?
Bitcoin should not be wasted on political and legal battles, it is designed to operate outside the laws of arbitrary authority. It should be used to fund technological developments that improve people's lives. Use it productively to make real change. What Bitcoin needs is a cheap and more efficient way to produce energy, a generator of some sort, available for purchase in only Bitcoin to ensure its success - not legal protection.
@_date: 2012-11-25 00:51:02
Why does everyone assume that selling weed, or anything else, to people actively seeking those items is in anyway immoral? The government is funded by theft, it is retarded to believe that anything is moral or immoral simply because they claim it to be.
I realize many people may already realize this, but the basic tone of the arguments presented still seem to suggest that the government might be right, which is basically never the case.
@_date: 2012-09-13 01:27:20
Don't forget to factor in that the US government has made it legal for all banks to seize deposits, while at the same time the Fed is printing literally trillions upon trillions. There could be some serious deflation in the dollar sometime in the not too distant future, but in the long run there is going to be hyperinflation. Technically we have already seen some hyperinflation (I believe anything in the double digits is considered hyper inflation). The increasing tax and regulatory burdens are also good news for the future price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-11-25 03:21:53
So doing heroin removes all personal responsibility for one's actions? I mean, I always thought that smoking crack was one of those things too, where you just no longer have control of yourself, and for some people that may actually be the case, but I met a functional crack smoker not that long ago. I certainly would never do either, but it is possible that all drugs are simply not as bad as government propaganda has made them out to be, and that it is just the people who are most likely to do drugs and get caught, are the same people who would claim that they were powerless in the situation. Either way, the overwhelming majority of Silk Road users and sellers are there for weed, and there is no sound logical argument for anyone to oppose voluntary trade in such a harmless thing.
And what alternative is there to the voluntary trade of crack and heroin? Moral support for the kidnapping and murder of anyone who engages in the act? If it was legalized would you be any more likely to try either? 
@_date: 2012-07-14 16:27:27
My back never gets paid.
And you forgot to define "full" - when your ass has so much metaphorical government cock in it that no more will fit.
@_date: 2012-09-11 05:38:33
^I lol'ed 
@_date: 2012-09-05 05:54:38
Bitcoin is essentially an online bank ledger built and protected by computers owned by voluntary participants from all over the world.
@_date: 2012-09-05 05:32:31
After all of Milton Friedman's wonderful knowledge is absorbed, then read Rothbard!
@_date: 2012-09-13 05:05:09
All of this is assuming the "USA" that just passed the NDAA is going to give anyone deemed a "potential Bitcoin using economic terrorist" any sort of hearing or judicial due process at all. Ultimately ALL the rules are going to go out the widow before those in power give it up. I think that's just how these things tend to go. 
Honestly, if I had the money to go somewhere else, I probably would. Things are bound to get ugly, but they can't get us all.