@_author: dabork
@_date: 2013-06-12 20:02:14
There are plenty of reasons for us to be "whining".
1. This company launches a new website, then abandons the old one and makes a complete switch while their new site is still in beta and having lots of technical issues.  Any new site is going to have problems, which is why it would have been smarter for them to keep both sites up at once, and make the new site a closed beta while they work out the bugs.
2.  Even though there are hundreds of people reporting issues, they are still taking peoples' money without warning them that there is probably going to be a massive delay before they get their coins.  There are people who ordered over 48 hours ago who still don't have what they paid for, that's not acceptable from a site that runs its entire business model on being "instant".
3.  They are offering no real help at all, and keep posting the same copy-pasted response to every question that gets asked.  It's always a variation of "thanks for your patience, we're working out the bugs on our new site, sorry."  They don't offer any real solutions other than "fill out a support ticket", which then gets the same copy-pasted response.  They have removed all of the Q&amp;A (they say it's because people were posting personal information, but I'm going to go ahead and say that's a giant load of crap and that they just don't want an entire section of their site filled with people complaining about how their site is entirely broken).  If it was merely a problem with information people were posting, wouldn't it make more sense to just remove those posts?  Taking down an entire section of your website doesn't seem like the right way to handle that, and it makes it look like you're just trying to hide your failures.
You forget that this is not just some website like Reddit, where people don't really depend on it and downtime is more an inconvenience than anything.  A LOT of people DEPEND on this site to get their coins, because it is the safest, fastest, and quickest way to get them.  This is one of the only sites that offers cash deposits aside from a few services that require you to deposit cash at a bank.  This whole decision was not well though out and they are going to lose a TON of customers over this whole fiasco.  This situation is extremely unprofessional and I would expect much better from a company that rakes in as much money as they do.
@_date: 2013-06-10 15:39:14
The cash deposits are being moved to their new site  .  Unfortunately, it's in closed beta and you have to sign up for the waiting list to get an account.  I can only imagine how long that list is but I'm on it.