@_author: da-doom
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:37:53
It is a rule to stop spam. We can't shit all over the block chain. In the beginning companys like coinbase used 2 Bitcoin Blockchain writes to make one withdraw for their customer. They were INEFFFICENT. Do you understand what this means?
We can be more efficenct with what we have, and use the space we have better with SEGWIT. Do you understand why it is imporatnt to keep the blocksize small, to keep the blockchain reasonably small?
Have you ever downloaded the blockchain?
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:58:15
So yes not enough people understand the store of value usecase of Bitcoin. It is digital gold. It is an excellent innovation, the future of money! It changes the game, and bankers are scared of as hell. 
Patience! Just hold, and amass coins. Don't sell!
Minamilist Diet: Keep your real world expenses low! Eat potato, come in 2 lb bag that is endless in quantity.
Bitcoin, Crytocurrency: A gift from ! Thank you for such awesome gift to fight bank and take power! Our money is safe, and our investment in ourself is safe :). The most important and final ingredient built of math!
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:54:53
You know bitcoin isn't gonna fail. Good play to avoid the negativity if you ain't feelin it. The more they fight it, the harder BTC will fight back my friend. Strength and honor! Hodl! To the moon! 
Deflationary store of value can't be stopped and some serious power players and structures are attacking it nonstop. Hard to avoid the negative news these days. But BTC is resistent, very resistent, and this excellent cryto will only bounce back harder. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:28:01
The thing is, Adrian, we must ensure that we don't fuck up the protocol. We gotta do shit like Segwit, and maybe a compromise small 2MB blocksize increase. But we can't shit all over the blockchain with huge dynamic blocksize increases. How is Segwit not activated yet? Whoever stands in the way, needs to be called the fuck out, and shot down for their stupidity.
Any programmer will tell you the problems with arbirtrary dynamic blocksize increases. People need to do less transactions, learn how to compile transactions and such. For awhile coinbase used two bitcoin blockchain writes for each WITHDRAW. You can see the inefficienncies that can be improved on, and keeping it low is important.
The blockchain is already big, and it is global. We have to ensure everyone can pull up the blockchain and ensure integrity and such. Being able to develop on it, etc, all relies on keeping blocksize not crazy. Shit takes forever already, and we don't need to get crazy with it. It fulfills the store of value usecase a million times over already. Who the hell really needs to send money around all the time for bitcoin? It is hard to compete with VISANet and morgan freeman Bank of America 3% cash rewards from monopoly money for merely swiping the credit card. 
Our power lies in the longterm deflationary currency being safer, and truly puts a dent in the bank's ability to have global money domination.  
And... ironically... there can be only one... it is not necessary to have other inferior chains. The bitcoin blockchain is a++ and services can be built off if necessary, all other seems to be a type of scam at this point with no real use case that is different from https centralized type stuff.
The store of value use case is the game changer that is going to send BTC value to moon.
Other things are necessary though, hooray technology.. hooray truth...also more truth... if you need it... which if you are really good you probably don't :). But! If you need more truth or are tired of lies... :)
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:06:59
And  this one if someone busts down your door you have the keys, and can have keys for the keys, or secret vaults for your secret keys. Store of value excellent usecase for global monopoloy money hedge. Venezuluans rejoice! Peoples Bank of China Fears us! Etc
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:52:21
Ok... but they don't purposely attack it of course, that is just burning money. They do it out of stupidity and inability to uhh... write good code lol.
So! They need to be more efficient so that the little India guy, Greek guy, Italian guy, can all also use the Bitcoin protocol and download it and such.
It must be efficient, and they must be made to be more efficent. Look at bitcoin unlimited's shit code for why this is true. Unfortunately, they would shit all over the thing that gives bitcoin it's value. It has been in good hands :)
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:57:34
But.. a year ago the price was... 400!
And the number of bitcoin mined wasn't... approaching 90.00%!  
ITS OVER 9000
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:23:20
Hold strong my friend! Stay good, and ignore evil! Continue to shout the truth in their faith and hang on to love. They are lost and confused and misguided. Thanks Sir! Love the whitepaper...
