@_author: daemonexmachina
@_date: 2015-07-06 21:32:41
[They're looking into it.]( 
@_date: 2015-07-06 21:50:59


This argument is always leveled at Bitcoin. I don't get it. What the hell use is gold or silver? Pretty things to wear to the country club?


Bitcoin miners aren't the equivalent of the guys in charge of the fed. They're the ones donating massive amounts of computing power to verify transactions on the Bitcoin network. The "mining" part is their reward for that utterly essential service. And it costs them so much in electricity and hardware that they turn a fairly meagre profit. Yes, in the early days it was much less expensive, and yes, BTC has appreciated massively since then, making some people fantastically wealthy. But I'd say that's a fair reward for being such early adopters of a technology that is yet to show the world just how revolutionary it can be. And just to be clear: it's still *very* early doors yet. The people joining today will still be considered early adopters by the annals of history. Make of that what you will.
Edit: typo
@_date: 2015-07-02 22:58:28
"Do the needful" was actually common in native English back when we were busy taking over the world. It was actually still common in British and American English even in the early twentieth century, but these days it's pretty much just heard in Indian English.
It means "Please do that which is required to complete this task," and implies a trust that you actually know what the hell the "needful" is. So it's quite a respectful turn of phrase. I only encountered it for the first time a couple of years ago, and I'm actually quite taken with it.
Oh, and kind regards is quite common in business. I see it, and use it, frequently.
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:09:05
Change from a... Do you get change when you do a *credit card* transaction? These misconceptions are fascinating. People really think it's a physical coin. Too many pictures of those daft things in the mainstream media, I guess.
@_date: 2018-03-14 10:53:40
Sure, in the Decentralised Autonomous Court (DAC), where law is code. But not "code is law", sorry ETC community! Because Vitalik, or something, no doubt.