@_author: da-emergent
@_date: 2017-03-25 06:26:10
Meanwhile, on reddit, sreaka has told you not to do anything! 
Be good.. its quite simple. Other use cases are fine... bitcoin's usecase is deflationary store of value anti gov bailout coin. It is currently under attack, but it has survived and now the users know the threat of crazy attack vectors is more real than they could have imagined. The Peoples Bank of China really doesn't like bitcoin, and would love to control or stop it from growing as a decentralized hedge against their currency printing activites.
@_date: 2017-03-24 08:36:10
Thanks for being rational! Users trusting you to only use "nuclear" ...POW changing or any nuclear code changing.. when absolutely necessary is one of the most important parts of making the system work. Important developers who speak up against dumb things and push for good things are clearly one of the best defenses we have to these attacks. 
We face a very tough adversary! Bitcoin is pissing off a lot of people.. People Bank of China, Mike Hearn, Bank of Wells Fargo, etc... and of course margin traders who probably do make money in short term moneychanging methods...pretty unavoidable manipulation...the best defense to all the negativity is a good offense with good improvements like segwit! Segwit stalled even though it was an obvious improvement. It is because of the attackers... who we now know are real... so now we know ... don't allow good code to succumb to their now obvious self destructive attacks. 
@_date: 2017-03-25 06:18:44
The aliens buy when the human blood is in the streets. Right meow.
I believe we are the new financial elite, gentlealiens.
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:33:45
It is digital gold, baby. Satoshi is fighting bankers, not trying to impress your girlfriend. He is kicking the bankers ass. We are a hedge against the People's Bank of China printing money. They hate us. Do you understand what that means at all?
We are patriots, son. Cybercrypto patriots. Tell your boyfriend that, ponyboy.
Store of value is the number one usecase of bitcoin. It is a place to store your money when the stock market crashes and gov bailouts happen or governments print money.
BTC is under attack and has been held back from deploying great technologys like segwit in some kind of attack on Bitcoin. Sorry, we are still a young technology. But we will strike into the heart of bankers.
Thanks Satoshi!
@_date: 2017-03-24 20:02:00
You do... Trump is a fear reaction. It shows people are willing to do whatever out of fear. So we must be diligent to ensure Fear does not gain a foothold on intelligent crypto nerds :).  HODL, do not give in to fear!
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:43:25
I think its because it fits well with keeping the software decentralized. At this range + segwit, we can scale fine to be a store of value for the world. Offchain solutions will handle transactions so we can have the currency aspect, but Bitcoin/Blockchain ledger are the digital gold part of the equation. No printing fiat money is the main use case, and keeping it decentralized ensures that is possible. 
1 MB Block size helps anyone with any crappy computer to be able to store the whole block chain and do whatever they need to do. Global currency to fight back against money manipulators worldwide.
@_date: 2017-03-24 09:31:51
Well if you nuke them enough... we get cheap bitcoin! At least for now... maybe in 10 years not even dev's/user's/miners would be able to nuke BTC price. Hah... good times :)
With great power, comes great responsibility. Lets stick to low kiloton's.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:05:50
The problem is, there is a conspiracy my friend. We are fighting some very serious power structures that simply do not want a deflationary currency taking hold. This is what I would say is their last chance at stopping Bitcoin.
They are fighting hard, but of course Bitcoin will win. It is a perfect system, a virus for money, a virus for banks. We - the true bitcoin users - WILL win, decentralization will come through. I am sorry you are confused. You wish to talk it out as a human with entities that will have no part in that. They have blocked segwit simply out of greed, a power play by miners acting in their short term interest, when it is a CLEAR technological improvement for BTC.
The key takeaway is - HOLD, do not give them your coins for cheap. They will lose, and Bitcoin will grow more powerful and trusted than ever after all of this is said and done.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:14:04
The market can get fucked for awhile then. These "savants" are the only thing between us and getting fucked in the ass by the People's Bank of China and an army of shill's who are trying to hurt and kill Bitcoin from EVER being the deflationary store of value promised by Satoshi.
The markets are just as bad as the 2008 traders who mutiliated the whole global economy for profit, then were bailed out by people who held MONEY. Now Bitcoin exists, and there is no way governments can get away with that bullshit again. Bitcoin is a hedge against bullshit, from all directions. Hooray Math for being reliable.
So come back in a month after we get through this assault from PBOC/Banks of the world who don't want a deflationary, decentralized currency taking hold.
Never forget, Thanks Satoshi


@_date: 2017-03-24 16:49:17
That's fine. We are doing the heavy lifting for our altcoin brothers. Fighting the People's Bank of China, Miner's gone rogue, Mike Hearn, Bank of Wells Fargo... and of course the short term money changing traders.
Bitcoin will survive! And we will come out of this stronger than ever. Don't miss the bitcoin moon train when we do :)
Hodl! Do not give them your bitcoins! 17 million in circulation... 4 million left to be mined.
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:09:53
Bitcoin will definitely survive! 
Humanity will survive too.. the ones you love :). Let the negative stupid ones remain negative stupid ones alone. Try your best to help them, but don't let them effect you! One day brother...soon! And tech like bitcoin will make it easier. Don't give in to despair! Be good :)
@_date: 2017-03-24 20:00:52
People's Bank of China does NOT want a deflationary currency to gain foothold. No Bank does... It is a game changing technology that forces them to slow down their printing press. Thanks Satoshi for giving us a gun to fight the banks with. No more bailouts! No more fiat money manipulation! Power to people! :)


@_date: 2017-03-24 17:24:43
In the shortterm, sure, it isn't. But what are you here for? Are you here for Paypal 2.0, or the greatest technological innovation since the Internet?
The people who understand what Bitcoin really means, what it is doing.. giving people a damn choice that never existed or never could have existed before Satoshi gave it to us. 
Those people understand the battle Satoshi decided to undertake. Satoshi literally gave the common man a way to hedge, and FIGHT, global banks. BU Coin is fucking with that, and when users like Loaded offer 100k coins they do it because they see right through the bullshit that BU is offering as necessity. 
Bankers really, really don't want a deflationary store of value to exist. It scares the shit out of the People's Bank of fucking CHINA. We are fucking with serious power structures, and we must HODL and help users who don't see what is happening actually notice the conspiracy type bullshit happening right infront of them.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:41:46
Well Bitcoin makes those global fiat/ monopoly money printing ~~market~~ forces to be respectful to the little guy by way of the market forces. Hooray respect, thanks math for forcing those bankers to have some respect :). Bitcoin is a hedge against those ~~market~~ fiat gov forces printing money like crazy. Its also a hedge against those market forces taking that printed money or any money, and investing it like crazed morons. If they do that again... there is a weapon now to fight back with! 
Remember the genesis block! 


A deflationary, global, store of value is quite the tool it seems. People's Bank of China is scared as hell that they can't arbitrarily print money and have their population Obey.
 Bitcoin gives the people of china an actual way to fight back against the government devaluing their work and effort, on a monthly basis. They do this due to other forces like automation and global trade.. but they do it none the less! Hooray Bitcoin for keeping those market forces in line :).
@_date: 2017-03-25 05:46:53
Nobody destroys a great idea. Nobody has the power to do that but you! Did you destroy any great ideas today?
What are you doing besides talking bullshit? If you wanted that version of client, then get it built and implemented. Go learn how to, its not as hard as you would like to pretend it is.
Threatening a developer who works hard that you will sell if he does not obey, is disgusting. Have a fucked day :) Be good.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:52:22
Hahaha damn fiat government monopoly money forces! You are right I missed that force...definitely separate from market forces. Anywho new rockband name: CRYPTOFORCE! 