@_author: daffydolittle
@_date: 2017-07-17 03:27:23
First, I am not rambling. I am still trying to fathom how you missed the fact Bitcoin was not fungible. Second, you complain about chain analytics weakening Bitcoin's "weak fungibility" and ignore that state actors have been doing it for years and non-state actors have been doing it for a few years; it will only grow since Bitcoin is not a privacy coin.
That metadata, from an analytical point of view, is a gold mine since as you point out, it shows who owns a coin, at a specific moment in time. To me, after op_return, "weak fungibilty" ( a term you used, not me, and I assume you still believe in...) was shattered since 0.9.0 since merchants and other players can enter a hash for orders, a way of bookkeeping, which some do already. 
As a result, of the increasing use of op_return, is that for any given period of time of coin ownership, for said period. As such, one can exclude legally compliant coins and focus on potential "bad coins"... for hunting bad guys, maybe. 
Now, coin discrimination where did I mention that at? I was pointing out that Bitcoin's weak funibility... was a "red herring" and trying to get you to see that chain analytics had been going on for a while. Frankly, I do not think we will a lot of blacklisting of Bitcoins... what might get blacklisted in the States will be gladly accepted in Venezuela.... 
@_date: 2017-07-14 19:19:48
I cannot tell if you are trolling or not, never know these days.... Maybe, I am wrong, give me a few links that says Blockstream does not help out or fund Core, please?
"What Blockstream also does is provide funding the development of Bitcoin Core."
"Blockstream is notably one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core, the ecosystem's largely volunteer development community."
This one says that Blockstream works with Core... from time to time....
@_date: 2017-07-15 05:19:17
"....propaganda"... is information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view.
I have not taken a negative or affirmative stance on whether I am for or against Core or Blockstream... rather I am pointing out facts, backing them up links, showing the interactions that have exist.
You are the one that is defensive, acting like it is bad that there are connections between the two. Also 3 people... you might want to do a bit more "sound review"
A fun side note is that you make me think of that guy who says "facts, we don't need no stinking facts... I know stuff."
@_date: 2017-07-15 04:29:26
Toss me a few links saying the opposite and not some alternative facts source, it should be easy.
Also, Blockstream does not have to pay everyone to be helping fund Core.... Adults understand that fact.
"Blockstream is a distinct entity from Core in as much as it is a funded venture (see here and here). Core developers such as Jorge Timón and Matt Corallo are amongst a concentration of Core developers under the Blockstream banner. In other words, it’s really Blockstream that funds the highest number of Core developers."
It is also good to look at resources yourself and make connections
First look at the names here:
Now look at the names here:
You may or may not see some similarities, I never know these days, what people will see when they look at stuff.... 
@_date: 2017-07-16 07:07:46
"Bitcoin's fungibility" is a bit of an oxymoron, you realize that right? Furthermore to even suggest that Bitcoin is even a little fungible is, well uninformed, at best. Bitcoins have their own hash and can be traced... last I checked. In fact, if Bitcoin was fungible, chain analytics would not be an issue since every unit of Bitcoin would be indistinguishable, which is not the case.... 
Those that believe Bitcoin is fungible, and there is no such thing as a little fungible or weakly fungible..., might need to step back and think for a second or a few days. Perhaps, do some reading, learn what fungible means, and then speak.
@_date: 2017-07-17 04:25:43
lol... I never said Bitcoin was fungible... you did, my friend. I never even claimed it even had "weak fungibility" you did. However, I am dense... cool beans...
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:52:41
Your first post, in this section, which I was responding to was literally saying that Bitcoin's weak fungibility, which is not a thing, was being undermined by chain analytics. Your entire line of reasoning, from that moment was flawed since your base assumption of Bitcoin fungibility was "false" and made all of your musing "tangential".
Oh you were meaning "alternative" metadata.... you agree to the exchanges terms of service, no one forces you to use it... like no one forces you to use Bitcoin, it is your choice.
(Also, I do not give flying frack about the DNS seed issue, which is s a non-issue to me since take a few minutes and edit the code..... Also I read stuff, not on twitter  which gives some insight as to why the seeds might be needed and it is reasonable)
@_date: 2017-07-17 12:58:16
All I did was point out that Bitcoin was not fungible as others have done. You are the one that is not willing to have an honest conversation and when challenged with valid arguments, you say "false" or "tangential" or assert that I am not willing to see "causal relationships". My point is that Bitcoin is not designed to provide the level of fungibility or privacy you seem to think it is. It will have that capability in the future, I think if not in the Core code, through 3rd party applications. You are the one that seems to think he has all the answers, please point me to a few legitimate sources that claim Bitcoin is fungible, I thought you might have done that by now... since I am so short bus stupid....
@_date: 2017-07-16 09:17:08
Fungibile, in a nutshell is being able to replace or be replaced by another identical item; mutually interchangeable. 
The reason cash is fungible is that you do not enter every dang transaction on a public blockchain and associate serial numbers with the transaction. Bitcoin's  blockchain allows every Tom, Diana, and Joe to see the transactions and sums associated with them... last I checked (to be clear, I have no problem with it since I knew that Bitcoin was not even a little fungible in 2010). Oddly, I bet if you make everyone track cash's serial numbers and transactions, daily and put them on a public blockchain, (what Bitcoin does, if you are not aware, you maybe not be) then you get data points.
Also, if you believed, even for one moment that Bitcoin was fungible are not the sharpest tool in the shed. Frankly, I have not met many people that have been at this for over five years that actually still think Bitcoin is fungible or even a little fungible... a few newbies did back in the day though and it was fight to explain that it was not... fun times, not like now, with you since it makes wonder if history does repeat itself. 
To be clear, if the evil DNS seeds scare you, all it proves is that you have not been paying attention to what is actually happening on the ground for years....
FBI special agent Joseph Battaglia:
"I can use all these methods to actually identify my subject when my investigation started with nothing more than a complaint from a victim who had a bitcoin address that hadn’t been used on the blockchain yet."
That same FBI special agent Joseph Battaglia... a different take on another crypto... which I will not mention by name (I do not hold it though... it is just demonstrate a point, which you will miss completely, I bet)
Also, feel free to toss in a false or invalid argument here, if you respond, which you will since you clearly think you are top of the class....
@_date: 2017-07-16 18:20:13
I wonder if anyone is using metadata on Bitcoin, right now? 
 Is it 2014 up in this place? Not that i was paying attention in 2014 or anything but there was conversation or two had about metadata, ages ago... or feels that way, now 
OP_RETURN and data in the block chain
Wait you are probably meaning a different kind of metadata or just talking about cash on the blockchain... and that information would be useless without metadata, it might be since there was a time that Bitcoin did not have metadata stored on it.
No, you probably mean these DNS seeds are going to store more, new metadata on Bitcoin's blockchain. And the current metadata is not that bad... and it does not impact fungiblity at all, the metadata that is stored on BTC chain right now, even though sometimes when you look at the op_return code you can get a hint of where stuff is coming from, like omnilayer, factom, blockstore, and a bunch of other stuff that does not tell you anything about where BTC has been and who it has shaken hands with, at all. My point is this, Bitcoin blockchain analysis, as others have pointed out is light years ahead of what most people realize. And if you doubt it, fine... as of now it seems like waste of time, to me....
@_date: 2017-07-17 10:29:33
Gee something that is fungible can be blacklisted... does not sound like meets the definition of fungible to me... I mean if it is on a blacklist something has has to make it different and identifiable... common sense would dictate. 