@_author: dafunkmunk
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:52:03
Thank you for your response. I really do appreciate it as I am not fluent in bitcoin and am purely a spectator who reads up on it every so often. It is very informative to hear from people explain more than what an article may provide. 
In regards to inherent value, physical currency has a widely accepted gold value behind it. Bitcoin and crypto currencies have no physical form. There is no centralized governing authority over bitcoin. Some people view that as an advantage but it leaves bitcoin completely up in the air. If large companies that adopted bitcoin decide to abandon it, it severely damaged bitcoins value. With no physical form behind it, crashed hard drives and corrupted data/wallets can completely wipe people out. That's money that can't be recovered.
The current system of bitcoin rewards the people who don't spend it, while the people who spend it are the people that make it valuable. Like I also said, bitcoin could be a precursor to a new standard form of currency, but as it stands, bitcoin is still a beta form crypto currency. Bitcoin is likely to stay as a niche market of currency. It's certainly not a worthless waste of time but I wouldn't say that it is for everyone. It's possible that the volatility will eventually settle and become stable, but I personally believe that it won't become a major form of currency any time soon. We live in a world where people are still arguing that the earth is flat and pollution isn't damaging the planet. I don't think that it's going to accept a digital currency any time soon. It's always interesting to watch and see what happens though. If you have more information about bitcoin you'd like to share with me or informative resources I could look into, I do appreciate it. If not, thank you again for addressing my points as I am purely speaking from second hand knowledge. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 16:27:53
Thank you for your response. Let's try something a little different this time. I will give you my reasoning for my belief and then you respond with the reasoning behind your response. Something more than 4 words that could possibly inform me about how I could be terribly wrong. 
Bitcoins high value is due to a limited amount of bitcoin existing. Part of the equation is that the less there is available to "mine," the greater the value it holds. The other part of the equation is more like stocks, the more that is held the greater the value. If a large amount of people decide to cash out their holdings, the price drops. If enough people decide to do that it could lead to a crash where people are trying to get their money for it before the price drops too low. It's the faith in bitcoin that matters since it has no real world meaning and if that faith were to drop, so does its value. Bitcoin may eventually be a precursor to new universally accepted form of currency, but on its own legs, it is not capable of replacing gold, dollars, rupees, euros, etc. There are too many flaws in its current system to become major form of currency. A better designed crypto currency could pop up at any and make bitcoin obsolete in a matter of weeks. That tends to be the issue with something that holds no inherent value and isn't universally accepted as having value. Bitcoins success is impressive and interesting, but that doesn't mean that it won't crash in burn tomorrow. It's increase in value is also partially due to demand by curious investors following its news which could diminish for any number of reasons. In the end, bitcoin is more like investing in stocks than it is to general use currency. No one wants to spend their bitcoins because next week the value could skyrocket and you just threw money away. So like I initially said, its value is in people holding it, not spending it. What value is there in money you can't or don't want to spend because it's worth more not spending it?
@_date: 2017-10-05 18:08:25
The issue with bitcoin is that it only holds it value as people hoard it. If people were to start spending it as regular money, it would drastically lose its value. It's only valuable when it's not being spent, but something that isn't spent really doesn't do much with its value besides being a talking point. 