@_author: daguito81
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:13:06
It's not unusual. If you put something too cheap, people will assume it's a knockoff it's broken or its a scam. The whole "too good to be true"
If you put something more expensive people will think "hmm this must be the good shit" and sometimes verify with market prices.
If you put an iPhone X for sale for 200$ probably nobody will hit buy, because they will assume it's a scam 
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:24:51
Meh, they offer me 20k for them right now and I'd be happy to sign.
Then grab and buy some more at current price.
See? That's the issue, everyone has a price. And all prices have a "someone"  it's why these markets work. Because there are so many people y that all possibilities are basically covered. There is someone right now itching for the price to hit 16k to sell. Just like there is someone itching for their paycheck to cash to buy today.
And when that guy is selling at 16, one guy is itching to buy at that price.
So when the price is 17k for example, they just need to offer 17001 for people to sell it to them. Starting with the notion that you normally don't know who you are selling btc to
@_date: 2018-01-03 15:21:05
That's kind of the smartest thing you can do with high risk shit. That way you are 100% upside and 0 risk compared to never being in it in the first place 
@_date: 2018-01-02 02:17:57
OK so 8$ for the pizza and almost 10$ for the fee. Not as bad but that's complete shit as well.
Compared to 0 transaction and instant confirmation.
Yeah, I see banks trembling at bitcoin now. I wonder why adoption is dropping instead of increasing. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:08:15
Will do, thanks for the warning 
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:21:37
It's a stupid proposition. Imagine Apple sending a memo to its shareholders "Well guys, you would need to worry about stock performance if you all got together and collectively decided to never sell a single stock! Then the price would increase without fail... Ezpz guys c ya next year!"
Unless bitcoin is owned by 20 guys it's literally impossible to do. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:58:25
Well this is a completely useless and shit metric.
How about, we grab the bitcoin price, we divide it by the altcoin price, then we multiply it by the days that the altcoin blockchain has been live, we divide it by the ammount of blocks that the bitcoin blockchain price has, we then take out the square root of that. And we call it something fancy like Bitcoin technological equivalency price or BTEP.
Sounds good?
I mean  this is like grabbing a list of stocks and saying well, how much would they cost if we were to make a reverse split. It's useless 
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:03:09
Well. When I was buying my HW wallet I kind of remember the tutorial video for ledger showing how you shops the words one by one while writing them down.
I finally ended up with Trezor so might be different as I remembered. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:06:28
Nevermind, just saw some videos and remembered it generates the key from the pin you set up. Or most likely it generates it  randomly after you set up a pin.
Must ve remembered it wrong, sorry about that 
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:41:51
Been a chase customer for 8 years.
I have a lot of transactions with coinbase. Both buying and selling crypto. At least once a month selling crypto for the past year.
Now granted this is not a business account, just a regular one.
But I haven't had any problems with it. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:47:49
Doesn't matter, Jamie Dimon has a gigantic pile of money and that doesn't stop him from manipulating the shit out of everything to make more 
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:14:20
Between 1k and 2k a month. It's just selling mining rewards while I get payback on the rigs 
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:08:26
Yep, just put the wrong pin 3 times and it deletes itself. Then reconfigure it yourself.
The ledger won't give you the seeds in place, you choose the words and make your own recovery phrase 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:25:23
Yeah but we were talking about what was going on this Sunday. Wanted to make the distinction clear.
And the twins letting people want around their exchange? Are you serious?
How in the world. Could they stop someone from selling? Do they give you a limit on how much sell? Only 20k per day please?
Swings at 10% and a vertical wall single sell are different things.
But sure, it could be perfectly fine as well. I sure as shit can't predict the future hahahaha.
But that's my personal worry about this futures business. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:11:30
Yeah, that's why every country ever with inflationary currency has had hyperinflation. Oh wait... 
I know what hyperinflation is. I live it every day of my live.
Also Venezuela just entered hyper inflation this past month when it reached the threshold of 50% monthly. You can check the wiki on hyperinflation for a a list of every hyperinflation event. Including the awesome cases of Zimbabwe and Hungary in the 40s 
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:10:00
Regarding tax court. Based on my experience with the IRS for the last year and so, it works VERY backwards. I had to prove to the IRS I didn't make that money and that it was a mistake.
So yeah, if you want to risk going to tax court against the IRS, be my guest. I sure as fuck wouldn't risk it. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:32:57
You're equating a dog to a cigarette? Really?
 Because of we're going into stretched out analogies.. I can go. "Why even have kids? When there are so many orphans in need of a loving home, you should never get your wife pregnant because it's helping our overpopulation problem, I would love to have a kid, but I won't do it, I'll go to am orphanage first!!"
Not really the same thing now isn't it? 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:02:40
My point t about bitcoin was just so you could see how little people want to spend something when they believe it's going to be worth more tomorrow. Only that.
The point is the danger of having deflation in your country instead of controlled inflation.
In this case you don't hurt the economy if you hoard bitcoin, because the economy doesn't care about it enough.
I'm talking about a scenario where three USD would be deflationary instead of inflationary 
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:57:12
Yeah, I don't see a ban on bitcoin anywhere on the bill. Most I see is you can't hide accounts with crypto from the government. Which is, "par for the course"?  I mean Americans are supposed to declare all the income they make worldwide 
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:57:44
Everyone knows twins are both counted as 1 person.
But yeah, you're right it's even more laughable.
Not only that, but Zuck could buy 1 billion in btc right now and they would never catch up to him 
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:09:28
Responded. I think it failed to really address the crypto market manipulation. You have a lot of experience in markets. But how much has it been in completely unregulated shallow easy to manipulate markets?
Because I feel there is some kind of disconnect when talking with traders about this. Most are "CBOE works...." but the main problem has nothing to do with CBOE or CME. The main problem is the manipulation of the underlying asset.
And every time someone explains how not to worry snout futures, it seems they forget the blatant manipulation  that goes into crypto market. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:09:24
That's fine, and I'm happy you found a way for money to make you happy. By do understand that's you're in an extreme minority at the moment.
I mean we all want massive adoption for cryptos.
Most of the people are still riding the train and very few think about unloading btc now for Fiat. Or to spend for stuff.
I mean, financially if you're sure btc is going up and you can afford to pay, even getting in debt is a good choice for your day to day and pay it off slowly with btc. As it goes up you spend less of it. So that 0.01 btc you spent toda would be 0.005 if you paid it in credit. But that carries a risk of course.
Obviously the "right" solution is the one that make a you happy and makes you sleep well at night.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:45:42
You missed my point. The examples are inconsequential. Think any non essential. Basically onlyq food rent and maybe hygiene as I guarantee you some people will sacrifice that for money
A shit load of jobs in the US are tied to non essential goods and service. My point is that Jamba juice goes under, jobs are lost and less taxes also hurt the country. 
Apply the same to any non essential. Maybe your own job just became worthless.
The point is that a deflationary currency can be a dangerous thing. Japan went through a deflation phase and it was not good.
The counter example of games is also not good. People buy it now in part because we live in a society based on consumption and getting everything now!. If the entire foundation of the economy would go against that, meaning a deflationary currency. It creates additional pressure to not buy stuff.
Either of these things have anything to do bit bitcoin in general. I was just answering why deflationary currency can be bad.
The example of bitcoin was exactly because it's behaving as a deflationary currency. Just like people don't want to offload their BTC because it increases in worth. People won't want to offload their USD because it increases in worth 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:23:18
Hahahaha ARPANET was funded by taking  a million bucks from a ballistic missile research from the department of defense. Money that's comes from taxes, which comes from income and sales and trade tariffs, etc. Which comes from? People spending their money on stupid shit.
Or do you think "stupid shit nobody needs" doesn't account for a pretty big portion of the US tax income? 
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:42:57
Personally I prefer it that way because I believe the alternative would he disastrous. I come from a country where everything was "WHAT THE PEOPLE WANTED" . Here in Venezuela the guy offering more gifts and free shit was the one elected. The economely went into a death spiral that's still going on. And whenever chavez or maduro wanted more money, they can just go next door and make it and take it because our central bank is not independent. 
Our monetary policy is a fucking joke which is "print as much as you can" so that they can give salary raises all the time for the people to be happy and buy votes. They print extra amount of money when they are in campaign so they can pay for votes all day long. 
All of this could've been avoided if the central bank, right at the beginning could live told chavez "Hey, fuck off! We're not doing that, that's retarded" 
Full on democracy can be very dangerous for some things.
I sure as hell wouldn't want my doctors "elected" because you'll probably end up with the doctor that offered cheap drugs and boobs. 
I personally believe that central banks should be independent of the government for that reason.
Maybe I'm too pessimistic about "wisdom of the masses" but having lived that already, fuck that. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 08:59:56
It also depends on what the person wants no? I mean, maybe OP wanted that specific breed, because of whatever reason. Kind of hard to find a specific breed as a rescue for example 
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:05:13
I've heard he looks Australian.
I'm joking of course 
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:24:40
If you don't report it and they know they'll just send you a letter several years down the line saying "Hey you owe us X plus Y in interest, here is an envelope  for you to pay us" . That's if you made a mistake, or didn't file anything, etc.
If you actively did something to evade. Then you'll find out when they come to arrest you 
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:39:29
those are valid points. But there are many things that are intertwined  and thats just one example. For example in smartphones there is the "trend factor", also the features. You might want to upgrade because of a certain feature set that just came out. Because your friends have it, because of marketing. 
Some non essential stuff doesnt become obsolete after a year, so there is absolutely no incentive to  buy that now instead of in 1 year. Obviously it its a multifaceted situation
And sure you could apply the same thing to everything and offset some of the problems that deflation could bring. 
But there is another huge problem that could be caused by deflation. Why would a bank want to risk money by loaning it to you when they can just stash it and have  asteady 2-3% increase in value just by doing nothing ? 
You want 1 million for a business and you put a collateral of 1 million? well that collateral will be worth less in USD over time because of deflation so no incentive for a bank to loan you 1:1. At the least it will have to raise the interest rates for it to be more appealing for them. 
That Hedge Fund that invested 25 billions USD in a lot of companies to try and beat inflation by making ROI wouldn't need to take that risk unless it was something really good. I mean 0 risk 3% yearly is not bad at all. Lots of millionairs would like something like that. That's a lot of money out of the markets and out of different companies. 
It's definitely an extremely large and complex problem. Not something you will have a solution by a couple comments on Reddit. 
But I trust most of the professionals I read that agree taht the best or least bad monetary policy is a controlled inflation between 1-3% for the reasons I tried explaining. 
Obviously there are much more knowledgeable people than me that could answer much better. 
W could all be wrong as well. Copernicus was wrong after all. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:02:28
Oh don't get me wrong. I don't think it's a certainty that it will happen, I just think there is a small but not negligible probability of something like this in the works. Enough that it warrants at least a bit of a discussion.
Thanks for your reply. I agree with you that's its unlikely, but not that it's 0. The downside could be bloody 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:37:09
My point was not about bitcoin. The reason I mentioned bitcoin is to see people's mentality over a deflationary currency.
My point was the danger of deflation I  a spending economy like the US.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:39:48
Yeah, bitcoin is deflationary by design. But it's the end game.
Right now it's inflationary as morr bitcoins are created every day.
But because the price increases more than the inflation rate it "feels" like a deflationary currency.
I agree with you though. Eventually when it stabilizes it might change 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:43:58
Yeah, this went way too much into tin foil territory for me.
It's hilarious to think that 2% inflation is an incentive for poor people to spend.
They don't give a flying fuck about inflation  because they don't have enough savings to be affected by it.
When you're living paycheck to paycheck, you have basically 0% inflation. 
The inflation hurts the banks and cash wealthy the most. Making them need to invest instead of hoard.  There is a pretty good chance that your own job was created because people invested in something  to combat inflation. 
But sure, it's all a conspiracy to get you to spend your McDonald's paycheck  because wither otherwise you would be spending it in gold and silver and not starve 
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:51:32
And how exactly do you think the price went to 17000?
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:16:06
That's a one sided argument. Some people need dogs for a lot of reasons. I know someone who trains and competes in agility contests with border collies. Those dogs don't even exist outside of breeders in this country. I guess he should just starve or not participate because he didn't happen to find one in a shelter. That's literally his only income. Train dogs in agility and participate in contests. 
Someone needs to train dogs for rescue or for blind people or whatever. I guess those people need to wait until the specific breeds or the specific dog and age are available at their current shelter before they can go on with their lives.
It's the "Starving children in Africa..." argument.
Specially because you're assuming everything is based on vanity.
I mean do you go and eat at a restaurant ever? Because you could do with a simple sandwich, spend the rest of the money sending food to Africa. I mean it's horrible that you eat wherever you want and have a 3 course meal  when so many  children are starving!
Either way, this dog breed vs. rescue discussions  is always sterile. You'll always think that people that buy dogs are literally the devil no matter what. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 13:31:38
Well no, as I said I failed to report something and I never was charged or mentioned or even got a call about "evading tax" by the IRS. Talked to them and everything and not even once the word evasion or evade was said. They literally said I made a mistake on my tax return form in 2009. They even let me refile my form and recalculate what I owed. The only difference is that of course there is a penalty of interest, else everyone would do it. 
It's a lot more "nuanced" than "you failed to report you're automatically evading tax"
Now most people in this thread talking about passing it to Monero or some other way so the IRS doesn't find out. That's not a mistake, that's literally tax evasion. And you can bet some people will go to jail to set an example and create precedent 
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:06:15
you lost me there.
We might call Bitcoin (digital Gold) , but it's not actually grams of Gold. 
I'm talking about a man made arbitrary limit that CAN be broken, and a limit set by the composition of the earth taht we can't do anything about. 
Not sure how your comment ties into that
@_date: 2017-12-09 12:57:26
That's definitely a probability as well. Markets is a game of probabilities. Both have an I gerente probability that we don't know what it is.
Maybe that whale that buys has 50 million but the other whale got together with some whale friends and are doing this with 200 million.
For every case there is a counter case.
Of course I'm not saying this WILL happen. But I just say that this worries me a bit. Sure there are people saying "nah, don't worry" but there were people. I'm Nov 2013 or in the Eth crash from 400 to 139 saying "nah, any second now were back in 400" .
Is it possible that whales will try to manipulate the market, yet again? Sure. Is it possible that they fail? Sure, is it possible that they succeed? Sure as well.
Do I know which is more likely to happen? Not a clue.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:06:55
Give payment options to you customers? Good pr for a certain segment? I mean why accept PayPal if they can just accept cards? At the end its all USD. Or any kind of convenience based payment method? 
You can also have the choice later on of whether to keep, sell or whatever the bitcoins you get paid.
I was answering about solving the volatility problem for a merchant like the one I answered to 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:29:00
Well that doesn't exist where I live. Every shelter is basically disease ridden starving mutts. So I guess we have another "what if..." scenario 
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:07:43
That's not something you would solve with 0% inflation or even deflation.
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:01:01
I've only dealt with taxes from stocks so I'm not 100% sure how it works in Forex which seems like it would be the closest thing if BTC is taken as a currency.
I mean what if you get paid in BTC, is that taken as income? Then you realized gains as soon as you got the btc and are taxed based on your income bracket.
I mean if you get paid in euros for example, you don't wait until you swap to USD to pay taxes if its income 
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:02:23
Sure bud, have a good one! 
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:38:23
you're laser focusing on This or That.. It's This AND That. 
Futures are settled in cash, but their "Oracle" is the BTC Price.
How is it hard to short depending on the volume? You short a % of market cap regardless of what the max is. 
Whales have millions of dollars worth of BTC... 50 million dollar sale would kill the order book on GDAX to 10000$ (around that, don't have GDAX open now). That induces tthe triggering of stop limits, that also cuases margin calls to trigger, giving even more downward pressure. Then the people freak out. 
You bet on derivatives, while shorting the actual BTC. Short meaning general "sell"  doesnt have to be lended shorts. 
You buy put contracts at today's price, then short a whatever you want, then you sell 100 million worth of bitcoin  in several 20 mil sells   cause havok and slippage, Sell your contracts that are now worth a LOT, close your short positions. Rebuy slowly 
@_date: 2017-12-10 12:41:48
They wouldn't it's buy everything now. They would've been accumulating since btc was at 9000.
Basically they are the reason for the bullrun.
As you said it's highly speculative, highly manipulative and very wrong. If they did that with stocks they would go to jail.
But in crypto it is possible.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:06:11
The problem is not people holding forever, it's holding X time. 
If the US decided not to buy oil while it uses its strategic reserves it would cause damage. Eventually it would buy again, but it would've created the damage already.
It can slow down the economy. If Apple sees a downturn in sales because people are "waiting a few months" it can forecast a reduction in market. And the first thing that happens then is layoffs. Apply that to basically every non essential industry 
Maybe later it will come back, but who knows how long? Maybe it's months. Maybe it's years. Maybe it's nationwide.
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:21:34
If you can't access your wallet, you can't sell, and you can't sell you haven't realized any profit. So no need to pay taxes.
However of btc is eventually treated as a currency which means just getting the btc is already income. That's going to be a pretty entertaining thing to do.
I'm going to assume they're not going to care and still tax you.
I mean you can grab all your money from salary, hide it and forget where it is. You still pay income tax on that money. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:43:26
Back into tin foil territory we go I guess.nah, I've wasted enough of my time talking to you. Specially now you're trying to compare a 
As I said on my previous comment. Sure man, you're the woke one against the bug bad bank. 
Go get them! 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:58:11
Hahaha no prime. I thought it was obvious with the debate of him being satoshi. I was originally going to post a picture of him but on mobile and got lazy.
Obviously it wasn't that obvious hahaha
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:01:13
no problem, it also confused me a bit when I started seeing different people saying different things. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:55:02
You missed my point. Futures are cash settled, but market manipulation requires bitcoin.
You stock up, pump. The shit out of the coin. Futures open, all bets are on up, you bet on going down. You short the living shit out of it and then sell your entire sell 10 mil at a time on GDAX  for example. That's enough to wipe a bit of the order book. Use it to put pressure on the price. Win  massive amounts of money with you future bet and tour short.
Rebuy when price is at the bottom and you're set. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:54:27
The CME has a 20% day max breaker that stops trading for the day as long as the movement is higher than 20%.
But the CBOE (this Sunday) has a 3 min breaker if movement is 10% and 5 min breaker if movement is 20%  no full stop for the day 
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:56:21
You do know that the entire derivatives and futures market in bitcoin actually doesn't buy or sell a single bitcoin right?
It's derivatives from the underlying asset, you can have billions upon billions in contracts without buying or selling a single satoshi. Thing ghat a derivatives market MUST mean more users for the underlying asset is guesswork. 
You say it's the highest probability but you're actually guessing that it's the highest probability. Please show me the numbers where it proves that it has the highest probability.
I'm not arguing that the other side is a certainty. You are arguing that this one is.
I'm arguing that we don't actually know. Else everyone would be rich ezpz
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:05:27
Also CME is the one on next Sunday, CBOE is the one this Sunday which is what I'm talking about. Circuit breakers on CBOE are 3 min for 10% and 5 min for 20%. There are no day long circuit breakers.
CME is as you stated. Also CBOE reference price is not the same as CME's.
"-Cboe's contract will be priced off of a single auction at 4 p.m. Eastern time (2100 GMT) on the final settlement date on the Gemini cryptocurrency exchange."
From the Reuters article on btc futures 
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:55:20
Yeah, I always try to use the consumer / job examples because it's what people relate more with.
Your example. Is much worse.  Half the people here probably work on startups. Most of them wouldn't even exist because why invest in anything if I can just hold and not risk absolutely anything? Venture capitalists would probably invest more in a good safe to hoard their cash than in different startups. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:28:09
You're missing the point. Blockstream could in theory convince tomorrow people that we should raise the limit and the main chain of bitcoin be without the hard cap. 
Yeah you could fork another bitcoin and put the lower cap back on. but if you don't have consensus, then that chain dies.   
Sure there will be enough people mining and using it for it to survive. But the fact still remains that everything governing bitcoin is based on what we want it to be. There is nothing set in an Uraniun slab underground that immutable. It's that way until now because we as a community wished it forit to be. 
That's a pretty big distinction. Some people ride USD with no priblem because they think "US Economy would never fail, the goernment wouldn't shoot themselves in the balls"  Yet some people still think they might. Leaves "room for interpretation"
The big difference is that you grabbed 100% of the community of bitcoin and convinced them that we need to raise the limit to 100 million. We would fork,a nd the old one would die and your hard cap is history. On the other hand, you could grab 100% of the earth's population and convince them that we need more gold and it wouldn't matter. Because it's physically impossible with current tech to just generate more gold, no matter waht we think. 
One limit is set by ourselves and can be changed if we so desire. The other limit is set by nature and it doesn't give a fuck what we as a community want
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:21:10
 Fiat and inflationary doesn't have to be the same thing. As long as the US was minting new dollars although backed, its still inflationary a along as more people had access to new dollars 
This comment is retarded. I know how shit our economy is. I live it unlike you.I just corrected you on "Venezuela has had hyperinflation for years"
And if you can't see the different between a 1-3% annual inflation, and a 50% monthly inflation sorry bit there is nothing more I wish to speak with you. Because it would be a waste of my time 
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:14:23
No, because people actually do that already people do hoard gold as a store of value. And yes, if everyone hoarded their gold supply would dwindle in NYMEX and price would increase. But my point is not about supply and demand. It about the limit 
My point is, one limit is set by people and enforced by community. The other limit os set by nature and its physically unchangeable with current technology.
The fact that it's set and can be inset by the same people is in itself different. Regardless of whether we go or don't go through it. The possibility is always there and the probability is non zero.
Sure I believe bitcoin will be hard capped at 21 million. But I also know there is a fundamental difference between both limits 
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:18:50
Talk about buying something with bitcoin. Everyone screams "DON'T SELL YOUR BITCOINS.... HODL FOREVER!"
Now this happens because they believe it will be worth more tomorrow. Why spend X BTC for something  if Inc's wait until it's 15000$ and spend less btc.  But at 15000 you will wait for 20k then 50k etc.
Basically you will never spend on anything always waiting for the rising price.
Now imagine this same scenario with the USD. Nobody spends today because you can buy more tomorrow instead. This makes people hoard money instead dog spending it. Which means less cash flow through the country and less taxes.
That Jamba juice at the corner? Probably broke because nobody is going to spend any money there today if it's not essential because they'll have more .  What about best buy? And the entire electronics market? Well you don't really NEEEED that Ps4 today, let's wait until next year and I can buy the ps4 plus more games because the currency is worth more.
Basically it can make the economy grind to  a halt in every nonessential market. Also means less taxes because less money being spent.
That's obviously a ver simplistic way to see it but inflation is there to make you want to spend money, which is what moves the US Economy basically.
Google "dangers of deflation" and you can see various articles, there is a good simple one on investopedia. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:48:49
Also many domestic ones.  Or do you think everyone in the US works in food, energy and health care?
You assume that a deflationary USD for example won't hurt the US
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:10:22
That's stupid easy to counter. Have your store calculate your price in bitcoin based on the fist price and today's exchange. Automatically convert the bitcoin price into fiat as soon as you get it if you're worried about it going lower later on.
Problem solved.
I guess you check the forex markets before you decide which currency you're going to accept that day as well? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:06:54
So let me get this straight, you went into fine detail into the operation. And whenever you got to the manipulation part, be it the PPT or whales in crypto you literally just handwaved it away and "Lolol ignore and HODL!"  I mean you know your shit and all but it's kind of hard to take your post seriously when the main argument that worries the people is just "nah, don't worry about it". Because what people are worried about is blatant market manipulation. Not "how the CBOE works". And however good the CBOE and CME are. They don't control anything about the underlying market 
"If the price refuses to move?" are you serious? Why does bitcoin ever go down then? Why is it in 15k on GDAX when it was 19k? Why didn't we just HODL and the price refused to move and shortsqueezed everyone?
You assume they don't have bitcoins? Where are you getting that from? Some people have been spending ungodly ammount of money to buy bitcoins these past few weeks. How do you think we got to 17-19k? Sheer will?
So you assume they won't short the underlying market to make profit on both the underlying and derivatives market based on assumption and guesswork?
If the PPT or cryptowhales or the price of Mars or whatever has been stocking up on BTC over the past few weeks, buys all the future contracts at current prices they can. Short the underlying market however much they can, then flash sell their entire stacks.  Would they not make profit from that? They futures contract at 16k sell will be worth a lot of money if the spot price is 10k  they don't need to even last the contract, just like options market they would just sell the contract at  a profit.  They're 16k shorts would be profitable as fuck as well.   Then they can easily buy the dip and amass even more btc for round 2.
Besides the circuit breaker, which only works for 5 min on CBOE. Please tell me how the situation I said is impossible or unprofitable?  Because your post failed to do that 
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:37:36
You're not being targeted because of crypto. If you had traded 20k in stocks on ameritrade that shit would've been CCed to the IRS, if you had bought 20kin ETFs and then sold it. It would've been sent to the IRS as well. When you get paid, it gets sent to the IRS..
You're only hearing about it in crypto because it's new. But it's the same exact shit as any other investment avenue out there.
Where is the "overreaching"?
The only difference is that when you do ameritrade, bank, forex, nymex trading, those platforms report automatically so the IRS matches everything with your report automatically.  That doesn't exist for crypto yet. So they need to literally ask for X papers to coinbase to do the same thing.
They get the number and your gains and your name put it in the system and that's it. It will match with the rest of your Financials. If you trigger any red flags, ie you made 600k but reported 300k, you get audited. 
This is being blown way the fuck out of proportion 
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:53:46
exactly. Not every investor is the same. And WB is an old dude with and tried and tried and tried and true strategy that literally made him the richest man in the world at some point and still has him as one fo the richest men in the world. 
The guy doesn't neen "mad gains from crypto" . 
He has his strategy and he applies his strategy. Doesnt matter if BTC goes to 1 million. He still won't make it because it's not how he makes his money
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:00:27
Sure, and also create staggering ammount of unemployment in the process.
Welcome to country wide macroeconomics, where shit is extremely hard to balance.  You have to find compromises and find the best ratio of good and bad in all things to keep the machine running or the house of cards from falling.
I mean you could go ahead and outlaw every fossil fuel today.. Awesome for the environment, catastrophic for the population and industry. The opposite is the opposite. So you need to draw lines in the sand.
Inflation is one of those lines. Where it's low enough to not affect the day to day lives of the population, but it also works as an incentive for people spending  loans etc.
For example, why would a bank take a risk loaning you money for a house.. If they can just hoard it and increase its value by doing literally nothing? So at the end that 2% deflation  added to the 2 % inflation lost means your mortgage probably will be 4% higher just for the bank to have her same incentive to loan you the money. Same with every business getting a loan. Etc
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:35:50
Because a shit load of jobs are attached to those non essential industries.
Sure we don't need Apple smartphones. Cool, let's lay off the thousands they employ just so that some people can be happy that we don't spend on stupid shit.
I mean, might as well go back to the 18th century and grow our own food 
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:26:59
No, if JP Morgan did an exchange and BofA sues them. They could claim prior art because coinbase, gemini, kraken etc exist and work exactly like the patent.
Basically it would invalidado the patent because "BofA didn't invent this, because it existed already"
Of course it would be lawyer bullshit central but this is such a ridiculous patent and so easily challenged that I wouldn't even worry about it. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:43:11
Except you have no way to know how many users there are. If there are more or less today than tomorrow. Or even what their mindset is
There is a lot of weak hands dumb money in here right now. We're in an unprecedented bull run for btc, some people are expecting a dip, some people are expecting a horrible correction, some people are expecting  bubble crash.
You also say if shorts and longs cancel. price will go up. That's like saying, if price goes up, price goes up.
Again you have no idea how many orders, what every limit and spot order is. It changes by the thousands every second. If shorts &gt; longs. Price goes down.
Add to that how easy it is to manipulate this market. And you have basically "anything can go down" 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:41:39
Lolwut? Assange? Where do you get that from?
My joke was about Craig Wright claiming he's satoshi nakamoto 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:09:31
That's so stupid in so many levels that it hurts to read.
Yeah sure, we should all just be Amish.
You posting this retarded comment is a direct consequence of that "stupid shit nobody needs" making money. The entire infrastructure, from tour pc or mobile phone being able to do that to the internet infrastructure  is because epeolle spend ungodly amounts of money in computers and phones and tech they didn't need to survive.
Yeah miserable indeed 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:09:54
CBOE s circuit breaker for 20% is 5 minutes. We have worse circuit breakers here already when coinbase takes a shit. That doesnt stop shit from dropping or rocketing 
What do you care to trigger breakers for 5 minutes? If anything people will be desperate to rip contracts  from your hand as soon as trading resumes. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:58:13
The circuit breaker for 20%is only for 5 minutes if I remember correctly. And you don't need to crash every market, 1 or 2 of the big ones and the rest will follow. Nobody is going to be buying on bittrex at 16500 when it's 12000 in coinbase.
Exchanges on Fiat are normally the trendsetters in panic situation, because people panic into Fiat.
So crash GDAX and kraken and see the fireworks.
Of course it's not easy. But that doesn't mean it's impossible 
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:18:31
Yeah, and you can get paid in cash under the table, hide it in your mattress and the IRS never know you made that money.
Crypto didn't Invent tax evasion.
How do you think it worked 50 years ago?
You report only 30k a year and drive a tesla? You're getting audited.
You work 50k a year and bought a house upfront? Probably getting audited.   Suddenly 50k popped into your bank account? Audited. 
And you can be sure the USG and IRS are working pretty hard coming up with ways to wrangle crypto profit through laws and figuring out ways to track and audit crypto 
If you think you can beat the IRS and be smarter and more resourceful than them. Go for it man, I'm not going to tell you how to do your finances. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:52:40
Well you lost a shitload of money in opportunity cost then. So good job I guess? 
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:10:52
Google Eth gas station. It's a page that shows you the statistics of how much you have to pay to get a TX in X time. 
For example I was making transaction in under 10 min (really slow for Eth still) for 58 GWei which was like 0.5$
Gas is not like satoshi. Ether is converted to gas at a price you set. The price of gas is in GWei which is like the satoshi of btc. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:03:06
-Cboe will halt trading in its contract for 2 minutes if the best bid in the XBT futures contract closest to expiration is 10 percent or more above or below the daily settlement price of that contract on the prior business day.
Once trading resumes, if the best bid in the XBT futures contract closest to expiration is 20 percent or more above or below the daily settlement price of that contract on the prior business day, the futures will be halted for 5 minutes.
From the Reuters article about the bitcoin futures.
I think your confusing CBOE futures (This Sunday) with CME's futures (next Sunday) 
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:42:36
As long as we don't change our mind.
That's the difference. There is a hard physical limit to how much gold there is in the world. No ammount of manipulation, convincing or anything will change that.
The day we can create gold in a lab and it be economically feasible, is the day the price crashes to hell.
On bitcoin, we could as a community decide for whatever reason that we want to increase the max supply cap.
I mean BTC/BCH basically happened de side of a different opinion. Do you think there won't be "different opinion" when we get closer to the hard cap? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 08:36:13
The main difference I see is I  how shallow the market is for btc.
In the regular options market you can bet on a stock going down. But it s almost impossible to make it go down.
With crypto, couple of medium sized funds can manipulate the market like crazy.
So you can bet on something and actually make it do something. At least until more money pours in and dilutes whale's power.
And of course it's easier to manipulate the market down close to ATH than it is to manipulate it even higher to new ATHs.
I agree that it won't be as catastrophic as some people think. At least I hope. But I would be lying if I said I wasn't at least a bit worried 
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:49:27
That's easy for the irs. You spend it for goods and services? Then it s a taxable event. Theyll look at the date of the transaction, find the price of BTC and as they already have the cost basis calculate how much you "made".
If you did transaction to yourself to try and fool them, then  you fucked yourself into double tax when you cash out through any exchange, or admit to tax evasion.
That's just a possibility, maybe they just give up? You decide how much you want to risk it.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:43:22
That's your opinion and you're entitled 100% to it. 
But don't pass your opinion as fact, because it is not. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:06:02
Idk about OP, but maybe she wanted that specific breed? 
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:05:12
Well that machiavellian cold nature can justify basically anything?
OH you're worried about 2% yearly inflation?aybe you should get good and get enough raises to offset that and not worry about that. If you complain maybe you're just "fluff" in the market that is waiting out for equilibrium.
Society doesn't really work like that 
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:11:53
There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who live to make money, and those who make money to live. You seem to be one of the latter, as am I. But there are a lot of people whose purpose in life is basically make more money period. 
I had a  boss who is famous nationwide of how cheap he is. His daughter did an internship with us and she was telling us stories that I wouldn't believe. He would chew gum and then save it  and put it in the freezer. If he wanted more gum he would take out it, sprinkle some sugar on it and go to town.
Why?  Just so he didn't have to spend more money than he absolutely had to.
He's obviously the most extreme example I personally know obviously it was a pain in the ass working for him. But I learned to never underestimate the lengths people will go to not spend money or to make more money if needed 
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:13:49
Regarding tax court. Based on my experience with the IRS for the last year and so, it works VERY backwards. I had to prove to the IRS I didn't make that money and that it was a mistake.
So yeah, if you want to risk going to tax court against the IRS, be my guest. I sure as fuck wouldn't risk it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:56:03
That was my first option in my comment.
I failed to report some stuff from day trading back in 2009 I got a letter from them in 2016 saying "Hey, we changed your return to reflect this. This is how much you owe us, plus interest, plus back taxes, etc" and attached s prepaid envelope for you to send your money.
This is for simply failed to file or failed to report. This is the standard "oops, I forgot about that" which is probably the situation of most crypto holders.
The IRS wants its money more than anything so obviously they're not going to come down on your door to arrest you because you failed to report BTC gains. They'll just ask for their money down the line plus interest and back taxes, pay it? You're good. Tax evasion is when they catch you actively trying to not pay your taxes. This is not "I didn't know" this is "I knew and in trying to circumvent this"
You can go to jail for this 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:13:38
Your example has absolutely nothing to do with inflation. But sure, better luck next time?  And I'm the one that's deluded  roflmao.
You literally have 0 grasp on how the economy works. But whatever, not like you're going to listen to anything that's not self validation so this conversation is sterile.
Sure bud, big bank inflation is stealing your dollars!  Go get them! 
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:53:12
2 reasons. One is that the entire crypto market is the size of... 1 or couple companies. Apple alone is bigger than the entire crypto market, let alone bitcoin only. 
But most importantly it's because it's not s centralized exchange.
See everyone moving money on Apple? That's all in nasdaq. Every cent is in the same place. So to kill the order book enough to move 10% it means billions and billions of dollars need to be "sacrificed" 
On the other hand. That billions market in bitcoin? That's worldwide between dozens of exchanges.
Go to GDAX for example, right now if you sell 90 million dollars, you kill the order book all the way to 10000$. 73 million gives you 12000$.
Now normally you would think. "whatever, the other exchanges don't see this so it would immediately go up" but the problem is that the crypto market is like a deer. Very very jumpy and volatile.
1 Tweet saying the wrong thing or the right hatching moves the prices tens of %.
Imagine seeing 5 20 million dollar sells right next to each other. Everyone and their mother would panic sell. Putting more downward pressure. Add to that who knows how many margin calls it would trigger generating even more sells. Chain reaction and all that. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:44:29
Produce only what you need probably would mean a shit load of unemployed people in the US.
You could probably stabilize over a long time. But at what cost?
Nobody knows the future. But are you willing to risk who know how many jobs and families to find out?
For example, we know what happened to Detroit after the auto industry basically went tits up.
Imagine that for every industry of non essential. You have no idea which one will be affected or which one it won't.
Maybe silicon Valley goes to shit.  Loans would probably dry up because why risk loaning money if I can have steady growth just burying it? Interest rates in loans would have to be higher to compensate. Does the bank have the same incentive to loan you for your house?  Less bank less offer more demand, higher interest. Maybe.
Same with businesses. Maybe the business you work for needed loans that bank was simply not interested in anymore. Now you and all your coworkers lost their job because banknpreferdd to just buy that cash. Etc.
It's not a guarantee. Japan was hit with deflation and they treated it like a crisis basically.
But it's definitely dangerous. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 11:38:42
Because you've been buying a shit load of bitcoins these past few weeks. Futures are like betting.
If you're holding 200 million in btc. And you have Ana amazing rally. Lots of people are going want contracts that say it's going to go higher.   The contract seller makes money selling derivatives.
So I sell you a contract well settle at today's price. You pay me. Then I sell 200 million in btc, crash the price. Now your contract is worthless.
I can also buy contracts that's makes someone buy at today's price. I think that's buying  a put.
Buy a shitload of puts, short as well.  Then sell 200 million worth of btc in 1 go. Create massive panic selling. You have your contract that now is worth a shitload of money because it let's you sell btc at 17000 USD.  You made a shitload of money shorting. Sell your contracts.  And then you can rebuy when it's down.
I'm not saying that WILL happen. But it's a completely valid strategy for some whales put together to make a a lot of profit. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:59:50
Haha lol. They are still like 1/70 of Zuck. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 08:44:43
The circuit breakers are not for the day.
I remember reading yesterday that it was 3 min break for 10% movement and 5 min break for 20% movement.
Still able to short squeeze and all that. But  a lot faster 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:50:08
Ohhh yeah. I'm sure they'll find their "perfect job" once they lose their job. Specially as demand for jobs goes way down and salaries also go way down because of that. Sounds like a plan 
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:54:18
On the contrary. Your statement is that fossil fuels will be basically gone in 2 decades and the only source you have is "we have better solar power"  If you want to make Oil go away, you need to substitute almost everything that exists from Oil. So broad is the only way to do. 
Paraffin wax, comes from oil is used both for crayons and lipstick. So no more crayons then? What about the gigantic lipstick industry?
Rubber in tires on almost every vehicle (including electrical vehicles) are made using synthethic rubber. Another oil derivative. Maybe we should go the way of massive deforestation to harvest natural rubber to substitute synthetic rubber?
Sports equipment like balls all use petroleum distillates. From the inside of a golf ball to the outside of a basketball.
One of the bases for chewing gum comes from petroleum as well
Almost every plastic in the world comes from oil. From packaging (which is easier to replace) to toys themselves, to parts needed for all kind of machines around the world. 
Textiles incorporate Oil derivatives, External Pharmaceuticals like lotions are based on other oil derivatives like petrolatum .
Every pill has at some point in their process a plastic compound or carbon based polymers, which are basically high end oil derivatives.
So yeah, it's supposed to be this broad because not all of Oil is fuel for your car, and just because you have better solar power tech doesnt mean that Oil is going away anytime soon. Because you still have a shitload of every day products that depend on it. 
@_date: 2018-08-17 12:46:04
Oh cool, what about the rest of the stuff that we use fossil fuels for besides fuel? Like all oil derivatives that we use every day? Which is a non trivial percentage of the oil we consume. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:19:14
Some coins might be traded in BTC. You can buy ETH with USD in some exchanges like Coinbase and Gemini bypassing BTC completely. So no, not everything is done through BTC
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:03:40
You don't buy to get double stock with an imminent split. When a stock splits it doubles the amount of shares but halves the value making the market cap be the same. 
Also a stock split is the same company doing it to their own stock. A hard fork (at least the scenario that we're talking about) is someone else doing their own thing. 
So the stock split analogy is horrible lo wrong for this 
@_date: 2017-03-31 08:12:03
Well this is pushing it a bit I think. 
I mean nobody is looking "hmmm free 600$! Time to buy a house I guess!" 
I'm sure they've done their homework and this is probably the time of year or they might be expecting a spike in people buying houses so this is an ad campaign so that If you're buying  a house. Might as well do it through Chase and get the money instead of going through BofA for your loan. 
If you're not  using  a house, this just looks ridiculous, but if you're not buying a house, you're not really the target demographic of this ad campaign. 
@_date: 2017-03-27 11:36:19
)EDIT: so I read in another comment that micropayments is not a few bucks but much much less. So I was confused. I'm leaving the comment as is as to show my confusion 
I'm very new to BTC and alts in general. But I've followed it for  along time and I clearly remember the intention of mass adoption so that it could do exactly that. People kept cheering from Bitcoin ATMs that could give you cash for small BTC, to being able to pay for your coffee with your phone using BTC. People cheered on as more and more and more websites allowed you to pay with BTC, addresses for donations in BTC, that bot that would give you a BTC tip. Everything was gearing towards BTC as basically digital cash. 
Now this guy comes and it's one of the top posts I'm the sub saying that bitcoin WA skewer intended as micropayments? 
So what happened to digital cash? What happened to paying coffee with your phone and such? 
So what is BTC supposed to do? I understand the whole anti censorship thing, but to me the volatility is a much higher risk than "Chase just taking my money away" as far as having my lifetime savings. 
And I can't be the only one thinking that. 
So besides trading it as a commodity hoping to make a few bucks on the swings. What exactly am I supposed to use BTC for? 
I bought BTC for the first time last week. I'm worried I just made a mistake, maybe I should just cash out and continue following it until this debate is over 
@_date: 2017-03-22 18:34:55
On the thread in the forum where it happens d there were people saying how they needed an escrow and multisig accounts and all that and I'm thinking.. Hahahaha no. What you need is a hard notarized contract in the US so that if anyone doesn't pay, the other one can just sue the living shit out of him. Not really a multi-sig kind of problem at that point. 
@_date: 2017-03-23 23:16:38
The how are all the GPU coins like ethereum not constantly DDOS? Pretty big market cap and ripe as a target and no ASIC 
@_date: 2019-03-14 07:09:32
That's not a lie. That's people being ignorant. They didn't post a tweet saying "Hey guys, don't worry about it.. Printing money doesn't do anything bad".
Also that wasbt anywhere in the tweet. So again, where did they lie? They were clear and honest about it. They can print money to buy assets becsuee they are a central bank. That's all they said, so where is the lie? 
@_date: 2019-11-03 10:18:04
Hows this any different from any person buying up some bandwidth and then "subletting" that bandwidth via ubiquiti M5s through a MAN of sorts or even through a wifi network?
Literally in Venezuela this is the alternative "last mile" for places that ya have no internet infrastructure or that use alternative ISPs (for those who can afford it) 
Sure it wasn't possible paying a Satoshi per byte, I juts paid a regular monthly unlimited data fee.
@_date: 2019-11-03 13:54:25
Yeah, but the issue is the "it's never been possible before BTC" I used to pay a monthly fee because it would be just easier. Just as easy they could measure my bandwitdh used and charge me accordingly. 
Also, metered plans are probably the least popular internet plans on the face of the earth, and there is always backlash whenever a company (mostly mobile internet) changed from unlimited to capped/metered .
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:44:56
I think that was me. I immediately opened s this thread to write yet again, how the fuck does this come to the top every time?
You are completely right. Some few people use USD to hold value as much as they can, some very very very few people use BTC for the same reason. a VAST majority of the people in Venezuela don't have money to buy or use either USD or Bitcoin.
So no, nobody is using bitcoin as some magical alternative currency that let's the survive. The average worker making minimum wage makes about 250000 Bolvares a month, with his food cars and other stuff, he might make 40000, maybe 500000 a month. (EDIT: THE actual base salary for min wage is 100000, but you get some bonuses and whatnot and get to around 250 effective. 400-500 is in companies that give you some extra shit. Thought it needed clarification) 
That's 29$ a month. What the fuck is bitcoin going to do to help you survive when you make the equivalent of 3 meals in McDonald's a month? They re not going to magically pay you 1000$ a month in BTC because you ask for it, that's would be a 3500% raise 
And as far as sheltering you from inflation? You'd need to make  enough money to not spend it all in 1 day to buy enough food to slowly not literally die  to help yourself from inflation using a strong currency like USD
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:59:51
Actually go to block folio and put in bitcoin and you will find both BCC (from hit btc) and BCH (from Cryptopia) so basically there is no consensus on the name. 
Each exchange can use whatever nomenclature they want. However it's beneficial for it to be the same. So once an exchange puts a 3 letter word, normally the others just follow. 
In this case, seems BCC and BCH have popped out at the same time 
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:37:06
Also KFC could answer some questions thjrown at McDonalds  "Hey McD, is ketchup the red sauce?"  KFC :" Yeah, its the red sauce" 
There are literally many examples where this could happen without them being the same company. 1, could be as it was said that they both use the same community management company. So it would be a fuckup. 
It could also be that this is a project they are working together. I personally have worked on projects with competitors (I work oilfield) so I know information about equipment and prices for certain things for both Schlumberger and Halliburton, yet I work at neither of them. 
It could be that they have discussed about this, and they both know what the plan is. Again, this is something I have done with competitor, on several ocasions. 
I'm not saying they're not the same people, I don't even see how that would affect anyone. Just saying that this specific snafu doesnt' prove beyond reasonable doubt that they are the same entity. 
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:01:04
Venezuelan here, even at a free fee it's still useless to try and use it for anyone making min wage.
You make 5.5$ a month. Add to that the food card and any kind of  bonuses you might get. I think you can maaaaybe if you're lucky make it to 30$ a month.
You'd need to spend that the day you got it and it would still not be enough to feed your family.
What are you going to buy bitcoin with even if you wanted to? 
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:05:36
ISO isn't really a form of authority, it's a standard. Just like nobody have the metric system any "authority" to be used. 
ISO works con creating standards for almost anything. It depends on every country or company Wether to follow them or not. 
Some countries or clients ask that you are certified to several standards before they so business with you. 
We te ISO 9001 compliant because some clients ask that of us. Nobody is forcing them to use ISO, they just prefer to ask for it instead of not asking for it. 
Halliburton for example has their own method of quality assurance that doesn't follow ISO 9001. They still do business almoat everywhere 
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:22:04
I mean, there are literally several answers to that that doesn't mean they are the same entity. Maybe they are working together to make a smart BTC/BCC mining pool so they already know the implementation that both poolls will have. 
Maybe they've talked about it and discussed anything related to it. 
I mean I don't work for Halliburton or Schlumberger, but by the same logic I work for both. 
Simply because I have dealings with them and we discuss certain strategies as competition. 
EDIT: Just to make things clear, im not saying they are not the same person. I personally believe they are.   But just doing the whole Devil's Advocate thing about this specific example
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:41:28
yeah, obviosuly this thread should be a gigantic "So, what? we kind of knew that"  
but WhalePanda gonna WhalePanda either way 
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:04:49
There is a lot of freelancing work available  and a lot of Venezuelan programmers live off of that because they can be very cheap compared to American or European counterparts.
You pay 50-100$ for a project that takes you a week and you'll find a Venezuelan that takes it because that alone is probably more than what they would make in a month working here.
Nobody in the US is going to take a week-long project for 100$.
300$ a month? Yeah, you'll get  people to choose from working remotely from venezuela full time.
@_date: 2017-08-12 19:46:28
8 weeks and 3 emails and stick counting. 
I gave up on gemini. For all the awesome rep it gets in here, I must be one of the very unlucky ones 
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:55:31
Gimme a break, we know what moves in the "black market" this isn't some cloak and daggers shit. You can even check the dollar through bitcoin price in dolartoday com or freaking Instagram. 
This isn't some hidden alternative currency. Most people in Venezuela make less than 40$ q month. They literally spend all their money the day they get it because they need to buy food to not die. Their money doesn't even have time to lose value because they don't have enough to even keep some in their bank accounts.
Some people go into mining here. This is true, I'm one of them. I know several of them..
Some people grabbed their entire life's savings and bought some miners to try and have an alternative revenue stream. They are now getting targeted by the intelligence police here.
They're not doing that for bitcoin and most of them are actually mining ethereum. Sell it for USD as soon as it hits your wallet and gold USD.
This aren't the downtrodden or anything. It's the people that are "better off" trying to stay afloat by mining... Well,... Anything.
That's like saying, "OH my God Skype is saving lives!! Because some people in Venezuela are using it to work as freelancers so they don't starve!" 
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:28:31
That name was ironic the day it was coined to be honest 
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:31:47
I'm not saying you are opposed to them. Just saying how they work and why anyone follows them. As I'm there is no Authority that gives them right to say it. It's more like people congregate and use them because of. The convenience 
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:56:30
5 years ago? Ha! we were  Switzerland basically st that time compared to now.
2 years ago I had to change the tires to my suv, they cost 40000 VEF each. Yesterday I had a blowout and asked for several quotes for tires   1950000  like wtf?
5 years ago,.. If I remember correctly your u got about 10 to 20 bolvares fuertes pet USD. Today it's 17000 Bolvares per USD
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:11:30
Literally just amended a 2009 tax return like 2 months ago. Of course it was to increase and pay taxes on shit I failed to file back then.
So yeah, you can definitely ammend a 2010 return... Probably if it benefits the IRS 
@_date: 2018-06-20 18:16:28
@_date: 2019-08-07 05:36:26
Idk if you are aware but there are currencies with fixed rate. Another example is Saudi Arabia (at least when I worked there). Legally the exchange rate was 3.75 Per USD. 
How does that work, bevsue the government buys enough to keep the supply demand curve at that specific point. 
Countries with primary resource exports also sometimes try to fix their exchange rate by using the money they get from export to exchange for their own currency making it float at a certain point. If you end up with less money, it's harder and you have to depreciate your currency (allow it to be devalued to a new point).
Kenya o believe had a problem with their currency going to shit in one of the oil crisis (I think the 70s) because of this.
Spain pre EU had this problem where the Peseta was losing its valued and they burned through so much cash trying to hold it in place. 
Places like China have fixed rates because at the end, the government is the one buying it
@_date: 2018-06-17 16:08:21
This is extremely way the fuck out there bad logic. This is regarding opportunity cost. And that only comes into play if the alternative action for that time would've made you more money.
If Bill Gates is walking down the street, his arrival at X point does not mean he makes 100$ per second more per second shaved. Him bending down and picking up a penny, does not mean he stops making those 100$for that second.
Sure it might not be worth his effort or maybe risk of back injury from bending down for a penny.
But this "he makes X/sec so he can't even pick up a 100$ bill" logic is beyond retarded 
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:32:21
Well, considering inflation rate is not 50% in 6 months. 1500$ over 6 months is more than 1000$ today.
Now your example about financing your operation from sales is spot on. Sell 1 build 3 keep 2, get both revenue streams going. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:35:12
But that's not how you would do it. You would make the transaction. Signed it on an offline computer using the private key and then write that transaction to a postcard and sent it to someone and they broadcast it.
No need to send your private key 
@_date: 2017-11-15 13:12:18
If eating my dick was on the line.. I would be moving goalposts like a motherfucker
@_date: 2017-11-23 03:34:10
Completely true. I was commenting more on the 1000$ now vs 1500$ over the next 6 months. Normally that's used as an example about NPV and the time value of money  but with those numbers 1500$ cash is more over 6 months than 1000$ cash right now.
But as we're mining, it does have a speculative factor to it. Thank you for pointing it out 
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:24:55
You don't need a stable currency to spend it. If you have the fist you can buy with bitcoin and replace it immediately.
If you don't and all you have is bitcoin you need to choose what's more important. The tesla or your speculative investment.
That sinple.
Actually, what you're talking about is exactly why inflation is introduced in economy to begin with.
Inflation promotes spending which makes the gears of the economy work.
Imagine everyone in the world had bitcoin. Thinking like you. "why spend today, better wait for next year and spend less" and so on and so on and so on. Never actually making the money flow so no taxes, no secondary employment etc.
Google Dangers of deflation and you can see why inflation is not actually a good thing.
Basically if everyone had bitcoin an diet was still going up, tesla wouldn't exist because nobody would by it based on your logic. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:23:40
Haha a true that. But you know what I mean. This works on the condition that bitcoin is on an uptrend.
If you had done the same on Nov 2013 for whatever big expense. You would've spent much more in BTC to pay the loan, that if you had paid it outright.
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:18:29
That's not a meme, that's Cunningham's Law.
Which I guess your post proves the point perfectly. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:06:18
I agree with you that debt can be your friend. 100%. My point was more on your beware. Because sure btc can be stable. But it can take a beating and spend 3 years recovering like it happened on Nov 13 maybe not because of Gox, but it could be something else 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:34:45
That's speculative. It can be more to have bitcoin now than it 6 months maybe it dips to 6000 and stays under 8000 for the next 12months   then you're still better off with the 1500$ over 6 months.
However the difference between 1000$ now and 1500$ over 6 months is not speculative. The inflation rate is known and extremely stable for USD.
So financially speaking the safest most profitable option would be 1500$ over the next 6 months, considering there is not risk of non payment.
Obviously there are a million scenarios that could make one or the other more attractive.  
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:53:51
Except that there never is a "OK guys, we're done.. This is the moment, spend your bitcoins"
You're expecting ting some bitcoin singularity that will never arrive. You will always move the goalposts until you die and you lived like you're on welfare while having millions in the bank.
The logic is liven your life, be happy and do what you want to do.
You want to sit on your bitcoins until X price? Go for it.
Wanna be debt free today using your bitcoins? Good for you.
Wanna buy a tesla with your gains? Why not.
"Nobody spend any bitcoin until it's widely accepted" is catch 22 logic. If nobody spends it, adoption stagnate. Maybe even drops in price because of that. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:38:14
and yet the graph from 2014 accurately predicted the current price at the current time. So it kind of applied to those things 3 years ago
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:49:40
It's a trend, not a day by day prediction. Of course it's going to fluctuate, but the general trend still applies. Sure the R will be a bit lower.
Saying it should've hit 10k earlier is just as much of speculation as this graph. You don't know that. Maybe the increase without the bear market would've been gradual and steady and still hit 10k today.
No way to know.  
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:35:31
Candles are NOT box plots man.
You're confusing someone here. Box plot is a statistical plot just like you posted.
Candles are just Open, Close, Max and Min for that period.
If you see a small box with long whiskers on candles. It just means that it opened, then it way waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy up, then waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy down, and closed pretty much at the same spot as it opened.
I have absolutely no idea how you even could come to the conclusion that q candle chart shows you every buy and sell happening. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:51:51
Ethereum has ENS. I have a couple domains that I keep so I can use myEtherWallet without worrying about the right address.
However cashing out on coinbase doesn't help me as that address doesn't have ENS
@_date: 2017-11-21 11:06:57
Now do the same example with Nov 2013 and Nov 2014 as your price points. 
@_date: 2019-04-28 17:29:29
Actually it doesn't look like the person is paying with bitcoin to begin with. Just the USD account in Coinbase
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:40:20
That's not my point or what I wrote. My pointis "Why do people keep saying "I doubt FIAT money will survive X ammount of time"" why do people believe that fiat money suddenly is going the way of the dodo. This seems like an extremely optimistic and extreeeeeeemely unlikely scenario.
Regarding your points you are completely correct, however the first one is relative and the value fluctuates over time but for it to crash (USD, EUR and GBP) to the point where "Fiat money is dead" would take as of now some kind of world shattering cataclismic event. I seriously doubt that after an event that destroys those 3 currencies (for example), bitcoin will be the traded currency. At that point we're probably trading bottlecaps. 
Regarding the 2nd point. Stock market crashes happen, it's not some mythical even that maye it happens. it happened not long ago, and it didn't kill any FIAT currencies in the process. Also Bitcoin had it's own "stock market crash" as wel when it went from 1200 (IIRC) to 250$ or so. Didn't kill BTC, it won't kill USD either. 
Run on the bank, although scary, not really as scary as it was at the begginning of the 21st century. At least in the US most of your money is FDIC insured to a certain point so there is no reason to panic and gtfo with your money because the bank is going to close.  and if you have 750000$ in cash in a checking account, well you're doing things wrong. 
So I don't see how any of those 3 scenarios have anything to do with " I doubt fiat money will survive long enough for it to be cashless" seems like wishful thinking at best. 
Now if we're talking extreme what-ifs scenarios like some financial turmoil that will literally kill the US Dollar, well you can have the same imagination and whatif scenarios about Bitcoin as well, or any currency. 
I still don't understand how people seriously think that the USD or fiat money in general is in any kind of "endangered species" list .
Now maybe im completely wrong, I would love to see someone explain to me what I'm seeing wrong. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 15:40:09
Are you crazy? Is that your problem?
@_date: 2017-04-17 13:45:07
Fair enough. Reading the title made it seem to me like the whole process took seconds. Which is not true for BTC at the moment. That's why I commented. 
Thanks for the clarification 
@_date: 2017-04-17 01:15:16
Same could be said about fiat. It either cost something in electricity, or equipment or materials to print it
@_date: 2017-04-17 15:07:21
Ok, I guess im more of a "Glass is at 50%" person. I'll wait until this debate is over and see where bitcoin lands. 
I wish they implement Segwit and LN at least so we can move away from this stagnation. 
@_date: 2017-04-26 23:29:38
Oh  I didn't know the US didn't use the Dollar before 1990. I was talking about some of the biggest currencies like USD, eur and gbp. Not Zimbabwe dollars or Venezuelan bolivares. In the big 3, only eur is recent. The US Dollar is almost s century old being 100% fiat
Also fiat doesn't have any value but bitcoin does? Could you please elaborate? What exactly is bitcoin value besides what we decide it's worth. Just like it is with almost every fiat currency in the world. Bitcoin is not used d for any other purpose besides "be money" so what exactly is the inherent value in bitcoin? It's not backed by any good. If bitcoin has an inherent value that fiat doesn't, then why did it crash from  1200 to 250 and from 1200 to 900 in a second?  Other cryptos might be backed by other stuff, like the one backed by gold and such, but bitcoin is backed by the same thing any fiat is backed by. I know I'll get down voted because this place can be a BTC cult sometimes, but thinking "USD is worthless, bitcoin has value" is downright delusional. They're both worth what the market is willing to pay for them. Forex in the case of USD and all the crypto exchanges for the BTC. 
Also, a regular citizen doesn't care if their dollar is backed or not. All they care is they need 100 of them to go to Walmart and buy their groceries, grab 700 of them and give them to their landlord so they have a place to live and so on. 
Even the crisis in 2008 didn't trigger a bank run because your US dollars are insured.. Obviously in US dollar. But that's what the grand majority of the citizens in the US care about. They can still pay rent, buy groceries and go shopping with that "worthless" coin and get all this food items and anything they want with it. 
Also, bank runs don't mean the money is worthless, idk where you get that from. Bank runs were triggered in the great depression because banks were Insolvent. They were going bankrupt and didn't have the cash to give everyone their money back, so people freaked out and tried to cash out as fast as possible making the problem worse and worse. The currency itself was still fine, still survived and still being used a century later. 
So bank runs still happened and the dollar wasn't worthless. The banks were. Which is a very different thing. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 16:25:18
I was going to write another post about how ridiculous the comparison to counterfeiting is. But you know what? I'm just going to leave. You obviously have 0 idea how macroeconomics work and nothing besides "Big bad government is screwing you, Bitcoin is our savior" will enter your head.
You also seem to have 0 idea of how societies work beyond 200 people living in a CooP.
So, idk  "Keep fighting the good fight against the Man" or something like that.
@_date: 2017-04-17 12:12:55
Except if it doesn't get implemented and it just stagnated as is.. The the future is pretty grim
@_date: 2017-04-16 14:56:07
It's not about the absence of law, it's about absence of enforcing the law. 
And the whole video is hilarious. He literally handcrafts his perfect example to show how it would work through arbitration instead of violence because "violence is expensive" and "there must be a better way" when there are many many examples where it would be the complete opposite.
There are literally historic examples of the completely opposite happening over and over and over and over again. Case in point, feudal Japan. Where every warlord had their own "Rights enforcement agency" and they all worked to protect his own rights against external forces. Which ended in several ages of war until 1 Rights enforcement agency literally beat all the other ones and convinced the other ones that They were "THE Rights enforcement agency" and became a centralized government of an unified Japan. 
China? same shit different name. 
The fact is that the whole argument falls apart when you take into account there are people that don't really care to spend more money. Maybe I'm a billionaire, and I don't like you. So I hire a "Rights enforecement agency" to burn your house down and kill your family. 
What exactly are you going to do about it? you can't have a bigger group stop me because you can't afford it, there is no "imparcial government" that will punish me remember?,  and it's true that violence is expensive and there are better ways to do it. But I'm a fucking sadist and I don't care and I want to see your house burn down and I tell my guys to spare no expense in Napalm to fuck your shit up. 
The he says that both agencies will look to a private courtroom because they will have many dealings in the future. And the whole "law of constant dealings" works fine for simple examples of a couple Joes that have a quarrel about a car crash or something like that. 
Won't work with me, because I don't care about constant dealings (remember the whole sadist and house burning down thing). My agency doesn't care about that because I own it, and I fund it and pay everyone in it. And I don't care if another agency says my agency is not trusted as it doesn't need to find any more clients.
I'm a billionaire so I don't care if they say I'm to be trusted or not. I go to several entities and offer my money for investment in exchange for interest paid. 
Also in regards to banks and money, we do have a current "law of constant dealings" for loaning money and paying it back and it's called your credit report. And it doesn't stop a metric fuckton of people to default on their payments and declare bankrupcy because they can't pay back their loans. So it's not a 100% foolproof system that will never fail.
This is not even taking into account blatant corruption. My Rights enforecement agency pays a certain judge secretly and we only deal with him because "He's reputable" . I have an advantage in every arbitration and unless someone finds out about the bribes, there is nothing you can do about it. You can't make me go to a different court because there is nobody to make me. 
Then it goes into a lot more very specific examples that obviously show everything is perfect and nice and we're 100% able to regulate ourselves. The capital punishment example doesn't state a lot of examples that would break it. Like what if the market that wants capital punishment is less people but with more money and they pay more and the non capital punishment has more people that can pay less and ends up 50/50? And then each agency doesn't see a reason to switch to the other side? What if someone from the non Capital punishment kills someone from the capital punishment people? They are going to demand their agency brings that person and executes him,  wheread the customers from the other agency will demand that they protect this person from being executed. 
Are we going to believe that either agency is going to risk losing most of their market by going to arbitration by a private judge you don't even know if he's being bribed by losing that arbitration?
Which works fine for most of the regular market. But it won't work for outlier examples like "Me" being a billionaire psychopath. And the whole reason why you need imparcial governments and "blind justice" is to stop outliers from happening. This kind of systems only work for societies where everyone is honest, everyone is mentally healthy and other asumptions that simply don't exist in today's world.
That the government is broken, doesn't mean that the solution is to do away with it and go back 4000 years to the past where each tribe had their own subset of laws and they killed each other because of it
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:51:19
Fair enough, I was thinking of the delinking to gold for WWI but you are completely right that it went 100% fiat with Nixon. However I think my point still stands about the longevity in general about the USD, EUR and GBP and the very very very low probability of any of those currencies to become worthless. As well as I think my point stands that it's basically in the same spot as bitcoin as far as "how much is it worth" as they are both backed by nothing tangible. Bitcoin is backed by it's community, and USD is backed by the US Economy in general.
@_date: 2017-04-30 09:35:35
Completely true about the whole counterfeit thing, although I don't see that as a reason why any of the 3 big fiats will die in the next 50 years. 
The whole taxes thing its a very complex issue. Your money is not the one under tax law. You are. In the US for example you have am obligation to report any income in the world no matter what the currency is. If bitcoin is seen as a commodity, then there are laws for that. If it's seen as currency, then there s money for that. 
Sure you could not report any of the income you make in bitcoin,  just like you could "forget" another income. Of course it's harder for them to find about bitcoin and such but my point is that sure they can't take your bitcoin, or what you do with it, but they can send you to jail for tax evasion. 
However you are right that it's a great diversification tool. I myself hold a couple cryptos just for that. And I'm from Venezuela where we have a piece of shit currency and just like you said, I only carry the bare minimum needed. 
But my point wasn't that fiat was better than bitcoin. Just that I don't see how these points were talking about (which most are true) lead some people to believe that the USD, EUR will die and have no value in the next 20 years. 
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:00:23
OK, I'm Venezuelan and this is the first time I've heard of rare pipe trading cards. 
The economy here is 99% dollarized and we have a shitty currency exchange control system. Basically venezuelans can't legally go and trade the Bolvares to a stronger currency like USD. 
Most people shelter their money in USD around d here. Bitcoin has seen an increase in usage here, not for every day transactions but people buying and selling on localbitcoin. Especially if they don't have a US bank account or verified PayPal. 
Still nowhere even close to close to the US dollar in usage. But slowly growing. 
The problem is the volatility. Nobody wants to keep their savings in a volatile currency. They prefer a stable USD. A drop from  1200$ to 300$ would bankrupt a lot of families overnight. 
@_date: 2017-04-26 19:29:43
doesn't bitfinex cash out by changing USDT to USD at a rate ? supposedly USDT is not being traded at 1:1 with USD anymore which is why the BTC/USDT and ETH/USDT prices are being inflated
@_date: 2017-04-09 16:26:55
Yeah, let's compete in the IC manufacturing with... China?  Are you serious? Oh, let's just build some new factories in China and make a new company and make more miners... Oh wait, you can't even do that without a Chinese intermediary. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 13:45:04
Thank you 
@_date: 2017-04-16 13:49:12
I mena, most of our achievements as a species relied basically on becoming less decentralized. 
And people reaaaaaaaaally like to stretch out the uses of blockchain tech. 
"no more government? " oh really? So when I come into your house with a bat and break both your legs for looking at me wrong at the gas station. Who's supposed to catch me and punish me? 
Also this entire post reads like spilling into bitcoin. 
Also horrible analogies being used to explain a 50 y era old about this. "the Internet of things that you own become your money" I can only imagine the look of my father like "are you fucking retarded or high" if I said that to him 
@_date: 2017-04-17 22:04:28
Meh, keep believing what you will. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 13:39:20
Well to be honest, we a do that to some degree. It's impossible for a society to work without some semblance of trust between its members. 
I mean, do you personally oversee the construction of every vehicle that you get into? Do you stop when you're boarding a plane and ask to see every test, simulation result and flight hours certified from the pilot? Did you choose every material and every design desicion in the house you live in? 
Eventually there are things you are an expert in, and stuff you're not an expert in.  A lot of the people I  this sub gravitate around computers so learning and researching a out BTC comes  naturally, understanding the tech is easy. 
A journalist that wants to use bitcoin, might not be too easy for him/her. 
I personally  don't understand most of the underlying tech, I'm a petroleum engineer, I'm an expert in other stuff. I have a basic  understanding of how bitcoin works but there are stuff I just need to trust "experts" in. 
I personally kind of follow the status quo, bitcoin hasn't imploded so I trust the people that haven't imploded it so far can manage to not implode it further along. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 01:56:24
The cost of mining bitcoin in Venezuela for example is negligible as well. Electricity is so cheap here that sometimes the main electricity company won't even fix your meter if it breaks because its cheaper for them to say "meh, let's just charge them the same as last months". 
So that's a relative argument. 
Also the equipment needed to print money is a LOT more expensive that the equipment to mine Bitcoin. So again, relative terms. 
Neither of them come from "nothing" or  other of them come from "nothing" depending on your perspective. 
Either way, the original comment probably meant that it comes from nothing as in its not backed by anything. Which is true for both fiat MO eh and bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 17:17:17
You want to compare simple financial conflict of interest.... With murder? 
@_date: 2017-04-17 21:40:56
Please tell me where in any of my comments did I ever said the words "free market". 
I know that central planning means it's not a 100% free market. I never said it was. 
I also believe that societies of millions  or billions cannot function with a 100% free market because we're not responsible enough as a species to have it without looking left and right for every opportunity to fuck each other over. 
My original comment was how it was a gross oversimplification what you said about Inflation and printing money. Which it was and still is. If you don't believe it then I invite you to read up on macroeconomics and currency management. Or believe what you will, doesn't really matter to me 
@_date: 2017-04-12 11:42:04
It's not going to magically activate on bitcoin. But a lot of people are holding of on segwit because they are not sure how segwit will affect bitcoin. Some people are scared of the new code bringing in bugs that could put their money at risk. Some people simply collapse back to the status quo. 
LTC with segwit can be seen as a small testing platform. They can see it running, they can see it not crashing and if the price goes up, some people against Segwit might think "hmm maybe my bitcoin will be worth more with segwit" and switch to be pro segwit. 
@_date: 2017-04-26 19:47:08
I never really understood this line of thinking. Fiat and BTC share the same characteristic of only being of value because people are willing to pay for it. What exactly is going to make Fiat "not survive long enough?" Is the government going to just come out one day and say " HAHA! YOU ARE ALL FUCKED!!! STARTING TODAY THE USD IS WORTH NOOOOTHIIIIING!!!!!"  do people think something like this would happen? and as far as "Fiat having a speculative value", BTC has basically the same speculative value as Fiat as neither of them is backed by anything of value. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 16:06:02
My gigantic post after this one explains some problems with this. This is just warlords in modern time. 
What if I'm a psychopath billionaire. What if my private security force is bigger than yours. Do w ejust go to war on your front porch? What if I just sent a missile and blew your hose with you in it. Will the security force "go to war" with me even though you can't pay them a dime anymore? Is it based on the honor system ? 
Obviously for 90%+ of the situations it would not matter, everything will be fine. Especially I'd were 2 individuals that hire the same firm. 
But that stops working once you bring mental disorder, extreme corruption and an obscene amount of money into the equation. 
I mena if you think about it, not much of a difference between this example and the feudal system. Just a lot easier to change between lords and not bound geographically. 
@_date: 2017-04-26 19:28:16
for example in Bitfinex that number is not actually BTC to USD but BTC to USDT which is a crypto called USD Tether which is supposed to be pegged 1:1 to the USD.
However supposedly they've frozen some account sof the Tether people and such, it s now trading at about 0.9 USD to 1 USDT so obviously that affects the  BTC/USDT price. So even if you wire it will transform from USDT to USD at that lower rate and you will end up at the same spot
@_date: 2017-04-01 14:10:21
I thought Japan approved BTC as payment method but not currency
@_date: 2017-04-11 12:06:30
as I stated one, and again. I'm not talking about the possibility. I was talking about what Russia wants. Impossible or not, that's what they want in their Bitcoin legalization.
Take that as you will. 
The original comment said a joke about how a blockchain browser already exists and we have to wait for the government to give us this. 
I simply explained that a blockchain browser is not what Russia means when they say they need to track every transaction like a bank. 
Utterly impossible? again, I prefer not to comment on that. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 11:15:18
Care to elaborate please ? 
@_date: 2017-04-17 12:10:32
2 hours is a bit more than "seconds" from  your title. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 11:30:53
If anything, to me it seems this would be a lot easier to do to BTC than USD. 
Imagine someone hacked into the main exchanges (or let's say for the sake of argument the evil cabal of exchanges gets together and make a plan) and they start showing fake data on their sites. Poloniex, coinbase, bits tamp, etc. They start dropping the value of BTC, lower and lower. People would panic and start massively selling off BTC which would lower it even more. 
With USD, most of the people in the US are not checking a website or paper to see how much their money is worth against other money. They just know they need 8.99 for the breakfast at McDonald's, etc. 
@_date: 2017-04-11 11:37:09
I know this is kind of a joke, but that's not what Russia wants. You can see all transactions on the block chain, sure. 
What Russia wants is to track who all the addresses are, as in address X belongs to Daguito 81, address Y belongs to you so transaction Z was between Daguito 816 and you. Not a transaction between 2 mostly anonymous wallet addresses 
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:29:39
Like I said in another comment. I'm not a BU supporter by any means and if I was mining BTC I would be signaling SegWit, but if "and here we all stand hostage to a single greedy soul acting like he owns it."  &lt;--- This is true, then bitcoin is fucked and there is no revolutionary nothing. 
Because if 1 chinese dude selling some niche market machines can disrupt or kill or hamper bitcoin in this manner. What do you think multinational banks with billions upon billions of dollars could do if they really wanted bitcoin dead.
As I've stated, sure it's a shitty situation, but this is not Jihan's fault. This is Bitcoin's fault. If Jihan can "hijack the network with miners" then what do you think JP Morgan chase can do? they can literally build the factory, make the equipment and surpass Jihan's hashrate in no time, and then signal whatever Bitcoin killer proposal they want. BIP94565 "Reduce block size to 128KB" 99% hashrate signaling. 
I mean, if you truly elieve that Bitcoin is "the Monetary revolution" that is basically disrupting the modern banking system, and all you need to hamper it is machines in a warehouse sayiing "Fuck this", then I'm sorry but if banks wanted to kill BTC, they could anytime they wanted. 
So it's not Jihan's fault, and murdering him like you suggested would not be a solution. You think Jihan is the only guy looking after their own pocket? A russian dude would take his place, and another and another. 
I guarantee you that somewhere right now, people are designing a new ASIC to try and take  advantage of the system with ASICBoost or an alternative.
This is Bitcoin's fault
@_date: 2017-04-11 11:59:13
I never said it was possible, just that it's what Russia wants. 
He clearly states (the Russian official) that they need to know at all times who's standing at both sides of the transaction, just like with bank transactions. 
We there that's possible or not, I leave that to more knowledgeable people. It might not he enforceable 100% of the time, but they might pass laws that exchanges in Russia need to provide wallet addresses only to verified by ID people, and that they can only send BTC to other verified accounts, obviously that would cripple bitcoin hard, ad you could only move money between government approved exchanges. And you would have a side market done through localbitcoin and other means. 
But like I said, I wasn't saying that it was possible, just that Russia is not saying that we need a block chain browser like the first comment inplied. It's specifically about putting identity behind wallets 
@_date: 2017-04-06 17:14:31
This debate is making me freaking dizzy at this point. 
In my personal position, I don't blame jihan from using this advantage to make more money. None of us want to make less money either miners or users. 
I don't blame him for blocking Segwit trying to epithet his business. If we need someone to be totally altruistic for bitcoin to live, then we're completely fucked from the get go. But I still don't blame jihan, it's business, sure thing. I mean, why should he sacrifice his bottom line for someone else? He's entitled to his opinion and a that and it falls on the people to believe in him or not. 
However is what bothers me is the blind trust. 
You have guy A saying : we should go BU because jihan said X (technical reason). Then it comes to light that he obviously has a conflict of interest and guy doesn't even take time to evaluate whether what's he's been saying up until. Now even makes sense. 
"oh well, ethereum made a fork so this shouldn't matter" like, what? What the fuck does that even matter here? I'm not talking we shouldn't optimize or anything. But jihan is probably one of the loudest voices in BU and if now I know that he has a financial incentive to oppose Segway, maybe I should take what he says with a grain of salt. 
@_date: 2017-04-29 12:04:36
The problem with tor is that sure... It's a decentralized system of proxies which is cool and all. But over times it's been found that it's not as foolproof as you think. 
First of all, you might retain anonimity from the websites and such, but you ISP knows you're using Tor. So if you're worried about the government looking at what you do, you just put a neon sign next to you saying "heeeey check me!". 
Which brings us to our 2nd problem. The equivalent of miner centralization for tor. 
Governments and organizations set up a shit load of toe exit nodes. And then monitor the connection entering nodes and the connection from the exit node. And match one with the other, so they might be able to see what you're doing. I remember reading a long time ago about how they monitor exit nodes and all that but I've forgotten about it. 
Ideally I would say using a VPN might be better for anonimity because you blend a lot more with the crowd. A shit load of people use vpns. So you just need to find a VPN that doesn't log anything or is set up in a privacy friendly country 
@_date: 2017-04-16 17:42:22
That's why I made sure to make that distiction. And the whole customer/slave thing is a pretty big debate that I don't want to get into. I mean for all intent and purposes you are a Customer of the US Government. You can just emmigrate and pay taxes to a different country if you so choose. Making you a "Customer".
Just like back in teh day you could emigrate from france to spain if you so chose. Using a different lord and paying tribute to a different person. 
So of course it's different, but the feudal system was a system of decentralized mini governments each with their own rules and enforcements and such. There are certain similarities. And the entire world basically moved on from the system because it was better to pool resources and power together inot a smaller entity for power projection. 
Today we pool most of our hashrate together because it's more efficient for us to have a steady income and decreased reward volatility.
@_date: 2017-04-17 01:12:47
That is a gross oversimplification of how it works. Banks didn't decide to just print money however they wanted. 
Also economies are a lot more complicated that simply "hurt durr fiat money is like air". Inflation does have a purpose as well. It encourages day to day spending instead of hoarding money. Which is really important for a healthy economy (especially in the US) because it lives of taxes and that constant stream of money moving from hand to hand. 
Japan actually had some trouble a while back (2010 I think) because their currency was hitting deflation which is kind of dangerous. Because it encourages to not spend anything, which firstly stops the main revenue stream of a non exporting country, and lastly it can make a lot of businesses close because of cash flow and dwindling sales problems 
@_date: 2017-04-17 15:05:40
It's not market intervention, it's creating an environment where a  market thrives. If you go ahead and deflate your currency you are literally telling people "Don't spend today, it will be cheaper tomorrow"  every day. meaning people hoard money under their matresses or banks. Investments would diminish because "Why Invest today if I can wait 6 months and it will be cheaper". 
Either way, deflation can be good, can be bad and it depends on circumstances. 
But for economies like the US, a small controlled inflation is an integral part of the economic model. This encourages people to spend today which tries to increase demand which in turns tries to increase job count which in turn increases demand for qualified people which in turn increases salaries, which in turn increases spending, and the cycle repeats. 
The way you control inflation is to print controlled ammounts of money every year. You can't go the way of Venezuela and go fucking crazy and reach 4 digit inflation rates. But deflation in itself can be dangerous to an economy.
@_date: 2017-04-06 17:30:44
So the problem is bitcoin... Not Jihan or the miners. 
I mean if there was a bug, it needs to be squashed. I've read around here that this big has been known for a while. Yet nothing was done to stop it? 
Jihan using ASICBOOST didn't destroy the incentive structure for miners, the bug inside bitcoin did in that case. 
Now obviously Jihan has a conflict of interest with SegWit, I obviously wouldn't pay attention to what he says because I know he's biased. However that's pretty far from being a crime. 
Jihan is just taking advantage of something to make more money. Just like everyone kind of does in the world to different degrees. You don't give tour services for free in whatever you work. 
And if there is a lot of demand for your work, you expect to be paid more.. Supply and demand and all that. 
If bitcoin needs everyone to be in their best behavior and act honestly... Then we're fucked. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 17:36:04
As people have stated here. Might be better to put a physical watermark. But  a piece of paper that doesn't cover anything important. That way the picture is not digitally altered which is probably what these software are looking for 
@_date: 2017-04-03 11:33:44
That's exactly what he said. 
@_date: 2017-04-11 11:39:00
No thanks, you can keep Ver and Jihan and BU. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 20:56:46
But software is maintained. And that's done by people and people can fuck up and then everything goes to shit. 
The software doesn't write itself and It doesn't maintain itself. We're not on the same bitcoin software from the start. BU has had a couple problems with exploits and such because it's new software those problems had consequences and with a volatile market like bitcoin. Can't really afford to do that. 
That's what I meant with my post. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 16:39:08
Very good example. Most of the time people that talk about completely decentralized solutions like to point out hand crafted examples where their solution fits. The problem is that the world is not black and white and there is a shit load of Grey in the middle. 
We like to forget that we kind of were decentralized not too long ago. The feudal times were kind of a decentralized government. But obviously centralizing authority and pooling resources was beneficial and made some nations stronger than others. Reason  why those exist today and other not. Happened all over the world too. 
Look at bitcoin and other cryptos for example. We are literally centralizing out hash power into mining pools with a pool manager because it was better for us to have a steady income instead of sporadic block rewards from solo mining. 
Our own very nature as a species has always been  to centralize power and resources to advance. This has been our history since we lived in caves. 
Obviously that doesn't mean that everything needs to be 100% centralized. I believe that we need to try to have the best of both worlds. I believe banks have a purpose and will still have a purpose. Same with the SEC and such. If I'm investing my money I a  company, I'd like some protections  against scamming and ponzi schemes and pump and Dump schemes, etc. "Doing your research" only works so far and you can still fall prey to more elaborate scams. 
@_date: 2017-04-28 15:53:24
I agree with some of your posts. Obviously I believe BTC is better because it doesn't depend on an government to exist or control. No argument there, however I don't agree with the industrial value of BTC. Where exactly is the industrial value of storing something on the network. 
The dollar is also stored in several networks between the banks and that doesn't make it more or less valuable. Now BTC has  a lot more transparency sure and that can be said that is valuable in itself. But any definition we stretch to add inherent value to BTC, it can be just as easy to cover the USD. Sure fiat means money by law. But that's a very narrow view of it. It was created by law. But today it doesn't hold a certain value because of a law. The USD is worth more or less because it's traded openly in forex and supply and demand determines its worth. 
Now you can say a president can fuck things up and crash the US dollar. Sure thing. But developers in BTC can do the same, some random people crashed BTC when mtgox happened. Obviously it recovered even better but yo can say the same for the USD. I mean the US used to be 0.7 EUR in 2017, and it's 0.92 today which is really good.  Also it's not as easy for just 1 person to destroy the USD, a president can't just decide to default on their debt, that needs Congress approval so there needs to be a certain consensus. Obviously not as robust or decentralized as cryptos.. But I doubt senators and congressmen t in general would pass a law that would effectively destroy all their own assets. 
Now going back to the industrial value of BTC. I don't see it. ETH is used to pay for the execution of code in their contracts. REP has a small industrial value as a token of usage in Augur. But what exactly is the industrial use of BTC besides just storing value? I don't agree that just being able to see it in a network gives it any industrial value like gold for example 
@_date: 2018-03-18 07:53:38
It still affects the market. The fact that the transaction happened still affects global supply and demand curve.
Before you would've gone to the market, bought the same ammount and raised the price. Now you didn't. Same with the seller.
You don't know how exactly it would affect the the market, and it obviously affects it less than a market sell due to panic and shit. But it still impacts the market 
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:47:28
That was my point. A government is in an extremely better position to deal with their debt than a private person.
Yet "OMG 100% GDP debt guyz! Unsustainable Economy!" 
Shows a severe lack of understanding of macroeconomics 
That's without even counting extra stuff like the US being by FAR a safe haven currency for the entire world. The US basically being able to borrow all the money they want for almost nothing, etc. And the best part is 0% of that debt is foreign. So the worst possible case scenario is inflation.
This is for the US  of course. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 21:12:47
And on the other hand you have govworks from that documentary which was an up and coming dot com company. One of his founders sold his part for like 750k and at the very end... He's the only one who made money out of that company 
@_date: 2018-03-10 08:15:05
And that's where you're wrong. It has nothing to do with your debt. US is extremely comfortable with their debt right now.
Tax cut or increase in spending is bad because either Rome of those increases consumption, which in turn accelerates GDP growth. Which the US is already past its potential GDP meaning that faster growth will cause inflation. It's not speculation its Y = C + I + G +NX and the fact that you know your potential GDP based on another formula.
The US unemployment is too low, its NAIRU is 5.75% and its close to 4.1%, it's hitting an inflationary gap which means that you need to either do nothing or put some restrictive policies in place to slow down the economy (raise taxes  for example).
A tax break is an expansive policy which accelerates US growth.
That's why the fed is raising interest rates now, to try and counter the stupid decision by government and try to keep the US economy from going into an inflationary gap.
Nothing to do with speculation. As I said, the only speculation is whether the chain of reaction is broken somewhere in the middle. But the decisions are not speculative. At least not the economist decisions.
Sure a meteor could come down in a decade and wipe off all humans. Still doesn't make an economic decision speculative 
@_date: 2018-02-03 08:24:02
That doesn't make any sense. Why would bittrex need to pass any tether audit? 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:58:42
No, the thing that it gives value is world wide consensus that says the dollar is valuable.
Literally the same as bitcoin. What exactly does bitcoin derive value from? That it's deflationary doesn't make something valuable. That it has controlled printing doesn't make something valuable. It's the fact that someone is willing to pay X in Fiat for it. Juts like someone is willing to give you a good or service for Y dollars. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:37:35
It's called monetizing deficit. And that's something a bit different. It's not just printing money it's the central bank printing money and handing it out to the government to spend.
Which in most developed countries is illegal and not how the US for example uses printed money.
Venezuela, Per at some point Zimbabwe and such monetized deficit
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:33:05
28000 today.. Hurray! 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:29:05
Cash is already an extreme minority of the circulating money in every country.
In the US I think it's less than 10%
This has almost nothing to do with crypto or bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:32:03
That's the GDP of 1 year versus your total debt.
This is like you being in debt for 100k and earning 100k per year.
How is this unsustainable again?
Now some countries like the US have no long term plans to reduce their deficit. But that's very far from "unsustainable"
Japan has 200% of their GDP in debt, you don't see streets set on fire and such. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:55:15
Stull the argument is pants on head retarded. Most people in here have had debt to GDP (annual salaries) much higher than 100%.
Almost anyone that buys a house today in the US instantly goes several 100% over.
Yeah, super unsustainable 
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:31:01
Well unlike you, I actually am Venezuelan and live in Venezuela. So yeah to all those counts. I see people opening trash and trying to find food every day when I go to work. And I see people doing multi hour queues under the sun maracaibo every single day just to see IF maybe some harina pan arrived, or diapers, or cooking oil. 
All you have is questionable 2nd hand information from a established very very biased news source.
So yeah, no need to keep this discussion  with you. 
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:00:00
For the same reason. If you had 5 billions dollars and your buying power would be exactly the same with 0 inflation. Your might as well just put all your money in a vault and hoard it.
Losing a small percentage of buying power like 1-3% per year is not going to affect the person making 50-150k  a year that much. But the person hoarding 5 billion is going to lose literally millions every year.
So it's an incentive for them to spend and invest and create stuff with their money instead of hoarding.
That means founding new companies, that create both direct and indirect jobs.  Buying stuff which also helps keep jobs.
Spend money on services and shit that keeps other people employed. Also generates taxes which helps the government and continues the cycle etc.
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:25:18
Yeah, the nurse that only went to the places the government personally took to and escorted said everything was amazing.
Sure, and we have reports of people going to North Korea saying that it's amazing very clean, everyone is happy as hell. The magic of guided tours.
Also, the union rep has a LOT more incentive to receive something in exchange for her opinion, than the guy making a comfortable 2 million a year that doesn't need to take anything from Maduro
Luisito is a popular Mexican YouTuber that said "shit, it can't be that bad...." and actually put his money where his mouth is and actually came down to Venezuela by himself and recorded going to several places, etc. I invite you to check his channel. 
Got mugged on the first day btw.
But sure, I personally take all my facts from Alex Jones to be honest. Such an unbiased source.
So go ahead and keep using Telesur as your source. I guarantee you nobody in Latin America will take you seriously because they're a simple propaganda channel. Next thing you will quote me some VTV
I would invite you to fly down to Venezuela bring only 60$ which is what someone in min wage earns in 3 month and live here for 3 months. I'm sure you would come with 1000 excuses to not do that because that's what 1st world socialists do.
I'll even throw the room and board for free. You only need to find food and eat for 3 months with 60$. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:55:25
Yeah and if there a nuclear WW3 between USA and Russia, we might se a bit of  a problem with the USD as well...aybe the internet infrastructure in the US goes to shit and we wouldn't be able to use cryptos at all!
I mean if we're going into extreme suppositions. WW3 with Russia is probably much more likely than the USD going the way of the Bolvar.
Now grounded in reality, not really worried about strict currency control in the US happening any time soon. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:35:43
28000 today.. Hurray! 
@_date: 2017-09-29 11:06:43
In the US you get paid USD, but you can go to your nearest bank  or auction house and exchange it for euros. If you think the euro will be worth more than the USD, you can exchange all your money to euros and simple exchange back to USD whenever you need spending money.
You can do the same with pounds or any currency its completely legal.
I'm Venezuela there is a strict exchange control. It's actually illegal to hold USD or exchange bolvares into Amy other currency.
When you trade USD to bolvares or the other way around, you are actually committing a crime. Which we all do because better than starving.
How it's used for control? Well that's easy. Venezuela doesn't produce a lot of stuff we need spare parts, rawaterials, etc. We're basically import export country. We export oil and import everything else.
Yet all the things you need to import are bought in USD, so you a tu all y need to ask permission to the government for them to allow you to import X stuff at a preferential exchange rate.
If someone in the government doesn't like you, they just deny you this permission, you can't import anything, you go out of business. Couple this with price control for some stuff that makes companies have to sell at a loss. You get the picture 
Most of industries have gone bankrupt or left the country because of this. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:54:08
This is me most of the time. So I was going to travel for about 5 days for work. So after careful deliberation between me and myself. I decided to leave my hardware wallet at home. 
Of course right now I'm freaking the fuck out. But I can'tdo anything about it. So I'm checking Blockfolio less and less thinking, what does it matter? can't do anything about it. Hopefully by monday when I'm back I can just say fuck it.. leave it there for a couple years without worrying and have it already internalized in my mind! 
Let's see how it goes
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:30:59
Those are extremely different situations. Nixon shock stopped foreign countries from exchanging dollars into gold. It only stopped the exchange of gold for USD at no point it was declared illegal for you to exchange USD for Marks for example if I'm reading this right.
Maybe I'm reading it wrong or there was a law passed that it became illegal to hold other currencies in the US, I don't think it did.
In Venezuela this didn't happen. What happened is the government decides that the Venezuelan population  couldn't exchange bolvares for any other kind of currency. It made it illegal for you to actually go to your neighbor and say "hey, can I buy 10$ from you with these bolvares" which is a different kind of situation.
M when Nixon did this, did it make illegal to hold any other currency or make it illegal to exchange dollars for other currencies? 
@_date: 2018-02-04 05:42:33
Bittrex is a scam? That's news to me now. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:47:46
Actually no they don't.  The only speculation they have is that there is a chain between moving the interest rate or their reserver rations and people consuming that money. And that chain might be broken. Like people getting more money and saving it (what happened in the 2008 crisis, vs what happened on the dot con bubble burst)
As far as choosing interest rate? Nope. That's pretty mathematical, you look at your past data and use stuff like a Okuns Law to see how much do you need to move your interest rates and such.
Like you  an literally make 2 charts on a napkin right now and see how a tax break in the US is bad right now, or an increase of government spending . It's not speculation, it's macroeconomics 
@_date: 2017-09-29 11:00:00
Venezuelan, this is spot on 
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:17:34
So far, not a peep. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 10:38:50
I can't think of a stock or commodity that lost 94% of its value and is currently sitting at 449900% of that same value.
To think that bitcoin MUST behave like a stock 100% is also a mistake. If a company loses 90% of their market value, they close their door and it ceases to exist.
That doesn't happen with btc for example.
If a commodity loses 94% of their value, it's because there is no more use to it so its worthless. That hasn't happened to btc or ethereum  for example. Transactions and movements are still pretty damn high. 
It is a highly volatile and highly speculative weird asset.I've personally seen these messages over and over and over and over again a about "Bitcoin is dead" and although past performance is not indicative of further performance. Also current price movements does not dictate what will happen 1 day, 1 week, 1 month or 1 year in the future
You can think bitcoin or ethereum are massively overvalued, or massively undervalued, I don't pretend to know where the price will move, I don't give a shit. I already lost enough money panic selling. I put what I can afford and not touching it for a while. Well see in 2020 what happens 
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:48:20
Yeah, it's much easier for the government to deal with their debt, than a regular person. So makes the argument even more retarded
@_date: 2017-09-29 14:25:29
Yeah, when I lived outside, whenever I would come home to visit, I would make sure that I would spend ever Bolvar I would have in my hands before leaving.
By the time you came back it would be worth 30% less (a year in the good old shitty times).
Today the inflation is about 33% A MONTH.
Some people can't even grasp that concept because it's so foreign
@_date: 2017-10-16 21:35:29
From Venezuela as well. I applaud your skepticism but in this case he's right on point. He did win fair elections to a point. As the other poster pointed out, he literally went to a shit load of poor small towns that were forgotten back in the day. He got a the poor and disenfranchised to vote for him.
When you have a 3rd world dcountrym those people add up to a lot.
And sure he had some "nice" idea as much as someone going "let's give o it some free shit" is a good idea. It was nice to buy popularity and votes. But unsustainable.
Chavez and Venezuela lately was that guy who won the lottery, but because he never had to work for the money and never appreciated it, he bought houses and cars. As soon as the money dried up, he went bankrupt 
@_date: 2017-09-29 14:32:00
OK, I was talking about the realities of Venezuela today while you came with "hurr durr it would be the same in the US"
 So let me reboot the discussion  with less assumptions.
"What evidence do you have to support that the USA would implement a Venezuela style currency control if the USD would be in trouble?"
I'm not a master of us history so, is there a historic precedent? Has it happened before? Is there a law that states it can be done? Has a dangerous ammount of representatives or senators said that they would pass that law if needed?
I have historical precedent of why a huge economies wouldn't do that. Case in point GBP after Soros' short and GBP after brexit hurt it really bad.  Didn't see any kind of inkling or even remote assumption of some kind of even mild currency control to contain the problem. Sure it's not Venezuela style shit hole, but it's the closest I can get In history and comparatively to the US.
So again, any evidence to back up your statement? 
@_date: 2017-09-18 09:08:13
Risking the ire of the sub. Wouldn't this be a perfect case for a smart contract?  
@_date: 2018-02-03 08:14:42
We'll make a black mirror episode of it 
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:21:52
Saying that telesur is verifiable well written source of information tells me everything I need about you. Keep fighting the fight for socialism, bitch. Hope you live in Venezuela. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:42:43
This isn't anything new. The hard currency control came more than 10 years ago when Venezuela was "good" in very relative terms. At least as bad as the decade before.
This was 100% for chavez to have more control over the private sector after the coup in 2002.
And I do think for a second that it wouldn't be the same of the USD was in trouble.  Britain didn't implement it when the whole "George Soros broke the bank" and shorted the living shit out of the pound.
Also doing that would basically take the USA out of the forex trade which would cost the US literally billions upon billions both in revenue and taxes.
So maybe? It's not so black and white 
@_date: 2017-10-16 21:44:08
In 2010 I strayer working for a company and made the equivalent of about 1100$ a month. My expenses at the time were like 300$ a month.  At that point. You could have people buying bitcoin and saving up in that. I personally bought USD at the time to fight off inflation.
However today? Were way well past the point of no return.
In Venezuela you have 2 people, the majority that earns local currency and is basically fucked and spends everything and then some just to make ends meet.
And a very small minority that makes USD, some programmers through freelance. In my case you could call it "strategic people retention program" or something like that.  Those people like me get paid in USD in addition to local currency. At this point inflation is not that much of a problem.
Whatever Iake in local currency doesn't even cover rent so no need to swap back to USD.
However an advantage bitcoin could have is for people that would be paid in USD but don't have USD bank accounts.  But most companies want to pay you an amount in USD at that point so most of them are like "figure it out" and most Venezuelans are really food at "figuring shit out" 
@_date: 2017-09-29 11:10:54
In the US you can exchange your money for euros if you want, go to any bank and you're done.
In veenzuela that's illegal and you can't do that.  That's what he means by forced
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:35:42
Yeah I haven't, yet I have many friends that are divorced and by faaar most of them are quite friendly or at least OK with their divorce.
Obviously, as I said, I know I set myself to be hurt and all that. But in  no way I can go into my family expecting I'm going to be betrayed at any moment. That's basically saying straight from the get go that it's not going to work, let's just see how long it can last.
Obviously a lot of people get hurt by bad divorces, people al lose everything, etc. But I can't live my life in fear that my wife is going to fuck me over aaaaaany second now.
Who knows? Maybe in 20 years I'm just as bitter about this as many of the comments I see 
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:26:52
Well mine didn't. Soooo I guess we're even? Not everyone is s gold digging whore. Not everyone is looking for s payday.
I feel sorry that you were hurt by someone.. That's not cool at all. I've been hurt by some, I've hurt some. We all make mistakes. The important thing is to keep going on. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:39:52
This didn't happen now. The currency control has been coin on for more than a decade, I think it was 2002-2003 that it was implemented. The exact date escapes me. But this was waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy before the hyperinflation hit. This was 100% done for chavez to have more control after the 2002 coup
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:20:49
Wow.. That was.. Awesome.
Personally I apply what you say, my wife knows exactly every cent I have, she's registered on my last pass emergency thingy in case something happens to me
 She has every account and password and everything  regarding basically everything in my life just in case. 
I trust her with my life and the life of my son, how could I not trust her with something as irrelevant in comparison as money?
If for some bizarre reason we do end up separated I will be the first one to offer half of all my stuff. I know she will need it to raise my kid. I need to help to raise my kid or kids. Money I can just make again, make some more, that's the easy part.
Finding someone you can trust to completely, to love and cherish above all other things. That's what's freaking hard.
Sure I know I open myself  to the possibility of being fucked over. But meh, I'm willing to take the risk. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 21:28:37
Venezuelan here as well. Although I don't make bitcoin I make USD.
Gotta take into account that this (him and me) are extremely and Iean EXTREMELY outside of the norm.
It's not hard to get USD in Venezuela. The problem is your average person can't afford USD, and equally can't afford Bitcoin at all.
So sure I could grab all my money into  bitcoin every paycheck. It wouldn't be any different from  a US citizen putting his money in bitcoin.
As far as a Venezuelan earning bitcoin in Venezuela. Besides some freelancing I would say those are almost close to 0.
The problem is that as an account manager I make about 1.3 million a month. That's like 3 times min wage.  And that's still less than 50$ a month.
I wouldn't need bitcoin because everything I make in local currency si spent the day I get paid basically.
Almost nobody here gets paid outside of local currency 
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:54:44
Because of scammers for example human error still exists even in automated systems. Setting up the price on the system. Oops missed a 0 like that joke in office space. Suddenly you're charging 60$ for a cup of coffee 
Of course  you're going to pay with your phone, the problem  is that joke someone e said there.
How much for coffee? Oh its zero zero zero zero zero 7 btc..  Maybe the cashier screws up and leaves a 0 or puts 1 extra. That's a 10 fold mistake right there and not everything is bar scanned automated.
It will be fine for 99% of the time but system are engineered to protect you against that extra 1%. From anywhere like seat belts to FAA regulations.
That picture here as joke is a realm example of one of the obstacles that bitcoin has to becoming a mainstream world wide currency.  
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:34:26
To be honest. Every time I find some new hobby or thing I like. The first or second thing I do is find it's subreddit. Comics, series, electronics etc. 1st stop, reddit 
@_date: 2017-10-29 13:00:06
How exactly will bitcoin save us again?
The problem for us is not even the accessibility of USD, it's literally that regular people make 10$ a month.
You can't even buy bitcoins with that without losing most of your money to fees.
Sure it helps programmers and freelancers that can work remotely. It works as a payment avenue that's better than PayPal for example.
But  that's a very small percent of the population. Another small percent earns in USD and they're doing much much better.
For the other 95% of the population. How exactly does bitcoin help them? Companies are struggling to keep afloat and have severe cash flow problems.. So now they re going to pay you a lot of money in bitcoin magically?
That's like going to a company on the verge of bankruptcy and saying "well you don't sell anything, you're making almost no revenue, your profit margin is negative for the past 3 years. Your creditors are knocking on the door, you have 4$ in your bank account, you owe 400000$, you have no way to get more money .... You know what you should do?  Use bitcoin!" 
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:21:10
true, which is kind of what this joke kind of hints towards. mBTC or satoshis or something like that. 
But eventually we need to transition from "Bitcoin" to Satoshi.. as in the main number that appears on wallets and such.   You don't see your bank account in "millions of dollars" for example
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:15:51


Not always, random crime yes. but that's not the bad type of crime. 
We have an epidemic of organized crime, based on drug, people, food and medicine trafficking. Kidnapping and such.  Those don't get better with better economy just as the Mafia didn't get better the more money NYC had. They are parasites and grow stronger with the economy. 
Your random guy stealing because he has no money for food yeah. That type of crime does go down. But not the "big" one
@_date: 2018-07-09 10:07:33
Both are basically cherry picking data as they prefer. For every "look at X" you have a "look at silver" for every time frame that goes up, you have a time frame that goes down.
If you believe in it long term, then you should hodl, if you don't believe in the long term, you should sell. Simple as that. Everything else is speculation and manipulation, both ways! 
@_date: 2017-10-17 01:55:06
That's because you have no idea how the economy here works. You looked at the exchange rate on Google which said 10 VEF per USD. What it doesn't tell you is that it's a fictitious exchange rate only for the government and their pals. To the rest of us we need to get USD through the black market which today its about 30000 VEF per USD.
Google only reports the "official rate" because by law here it's the only rate that exists.
But if you want a comparison to actual buying power. A Domino's medium pepperoni pizza with cheese sticks and a 2L soda was 107000 3 says ago. So almost 11000$ for s pizza? See what mean?
If you want to see the a tu al exchange rate, go to dolartoday.com to see it.
Or don't takey word from it. We're in a bitcoin sub. Go check localbitcoin in Venezuela and see how much a bitcoin is worth and calculate the ray yourself 
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:03:56
Dont misunderstand me. I agree with almost everything you say. You could introduce A crypto. a low fee low value crypto to manage the rampant money printing there is. 
The problem is that you have to treat this as a bankrupt company. 
What I would say is that the order of "things" are kind of off. 
1st you would need to get rid of the current government. That's step 1 no matter how you see it. Step 2 would be a massive shitload of debt restructuring, refinance and go into more dept with the IMF for example. Pass a shitload of laws regarding austerity and cut back on a lot of useless social programs. 
Then you use that extra money you got to rebuild the oil industry (I work in the oil industry, it's much worse that you can even imagine). Specially the infrastructure in West venezuela, which gives you light crude you need to produce the heavy crude from east venezuela. 
The tourism industry is a bit more tricky. You don't need much CAPEX because you don't need to build hotels. You need other people to build hotels. So some really good incentives like no taxes for X years and such to incentivice foreign investment. 
The problem with the tourism industry is the extremely high crime rate, specifically kidnappings, ESPECIALLY of tourists.  So you would need to tackle that before you make any headway in the tourism department.
At those points you don't care much about the currency because everything coming in is in USD which has a negligible inflation rate.  You can just let companies pay their workers with USD and forego the currency exchange control and you solve a part of that problem. 
If companies can charge/buy/pay  in USD they can fix part of thei cashflow problems. Obviously it's not going to be the supermarket. But oil services, manufacturing, mining, etc can move in a different currency. You can even tax them at the current rate no problem. Kind of how it was back in the day. 
After you have those. Then you can switch your currency to a crypto oof sorts to provide transparency and control. But there is a long road of other stuff that needs to happen before "Bitcoin saves us" 
You could introduce the low fee crypto somewhere inside that train oof shit that needs to happen. but it  can't be the 1st thing. First you need to work on the foundation of the country. Doesnt matter if its a crypto you work with if there are no companies that pay it and 60% of the population is actually unemployed.
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:37:17
Because of scammers for example human error still exists even in automated systems. Setting up the price on the system. Oops missed a 0 like that joke in office space. Suddenly you're charging 60$ for a cup of coffee 
Of course  you're going to pay with your phone, the problem  is that joke someone e said there.
How much for coffee? Oh its zero zero zero zero zero 7 btc..  Maybe the cashier screws up and leaves a 0 or puts 1 extra. That's a 10 fold mistake right there and not everything is bar scanned automated.
It will be fine for 99% of the time but system are engineered to protect you against that extra 1%. From anywhere like seat belts to FAA regulations.
That picture here as joke is a realm example of one of the obstacles that bitcoin has to becoming a mainstream world wide currency.  
@_date: 2017-10-03 18:21:49
As the other commenter said, when he's behaving, it's my kid, when it's not behaving it's her kid hahahaha.
Jk though. It's our kid, he's 17 months old.
I try to base everything on truth and trust, communication is key. We don't have a perfect marriage, we fight, we disagree, I've slept on the couch and all that jazz.
But when I have a problem I let her know, when she does, she let's me know. We each try to fix what the other doesn't like. Some stuff it's "unfixable" so we have to adapt. Take the bad with the good 
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:28:01
Why?  That's shit is free advertising. Doubt the lawyer would mind 
@_date: 2017-09-29 11:09:38
Telesur is by far and I mean by faaaaaaaaar one of the worst sources you can quote for anything in veenzuela. Might as well quote the state propaganda channel VTV at that point. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 15:41:28
Huh, I have that same exact model, it's like the diymall l2c OLED, which is like 10$ on Amazon. Cheaper if you bulk it from China.
That's could be an arduino or one of the esp variants like a Wemos or NodeMCU about 10$ as well if Chinese.  And a servo which is like 10$ more in Amazon. 
I have no idea what the plastic injection would cost
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:11:02
Yeah, thank you very much for the links. Very informative. Obviously I think it's still a far cry from what's been done in Venezuela. But it's still a possibility I'd the situation was bad enough. I stand corrected 
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:59:19
I'm Venezuelan. What you say it's true, holding is not illegal, except that it's confiscated almost immediately because 99% time you can't prove where that money came from.  Obviously this falls into the extortion as well. But we're talking about what you can effectively do.
What magical system are you talking about that allows people to exchange at whatever price they want without limits? Are you talking about sitme? Sicad? Sicad2? DICOM? Because none of those allowed private persons to just buy and sell however much they wanted.
I don't want to go into all of them individually but if there is a system you had in mind just let me know.
Are you talking about the itlica bio exchange houses in Tchira and Machiques? Because that's really not how that works. You get in a lottery and if you're lucky enough they'll allow you to buy pesos at a rate between the official and black market. That worked for what... Couple months before the allocated USD ran out?
Either way there is no free currency market in Venezuela. If I give you bolvares at your house, and you give me USD. We just broke the law under ilcitos cambiarios.
My point is that that doesn't exist in the US. I can go to your house give you euros you give me USD. In front of s cop and it's all good 
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:37:58
I apologize, English is not my native language and here in Venezuela it makes sense to say my kid when your talking to someone else. Because if I was talking to you for example and I said our kid, it would be taken as yours and mine. And it's only mine in the scope of our conversation.  However you are right that it is our kid as in my wife's and mine.
I think in English is kind of the same. If I work with you and going to give you a ride I don't say "Hey I'll give you a ride in our car, even though it's my wife's and mine"  maybe I'm confused about how it goes.
But yeah, it's my wife and mine 
@_date: 2017-10-29 12:52:11
That sounds like Venezuela 
@_date: 2019-09-08 15:46:42
To me, they're the same people as the ones that thing the entire fiat system will collapse worldwide for some reason and suddenly crypto is the only way to transact
@_date: 2017-10-16 23:25:04
I should specify its "effectively" illegal bevusee the SEBIN will extort you to it. You know in this country doesn't matter what's actually in the books
 I agree with you 100% that it's not normal and it shouldn't be like that but hey! Welcome to our country.
Technically trading USD and BsF between people is not illegal either since 2016 because they repealed articles 5 and 9 (IIRC) of the lay of ilcitos cambiarios.
I'm just saying that using bitcoin or USD because of their "legality" in Venezuela is really a non issue. Both things you need to keep as secret as fuck or else you get extorted. The ease of use is probably what most people go for when using bitcoin 
@_date: 2017-10-03 22:16:31
I didn't say it's irrelevant. I said it's irrelevant in comparison. If I could be with my wife and out kid and be poor or be alone and a millionaire, I'll take my family every day and twice on Sundays.
For me money is simply a means to give my family a better life, of course it's important, but much less important than my family itself.
About the time, it's relative, it's not like I stop existing while I work. I have fun, talk with friends, go on reddit, talk to my family, get sent pics of our kid playing etc.  That's time where I'm making money and also enjoying my family and friends to a degree.
If I have to start over family wise, it's not like I stopped existing in that time, my memories good and bad, my experience what I've learned enjoyed, cried about and laughter about. All of that still existed, it's not a waste of time.
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:08:08
Hahahaha yeah. Although pretty soon it will be like that. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:54:08
This is me most of the time. So I was going to travel for about 5 days for work. So after careful deliberation between me and myself. I decided to leave my hardware wallet at home. 
Of course right now I'm freaking the fuck out. But I can'tdo anything about it. So I'm checking Blockfolio less and less thinking, what does it matter? can't do anything about it. Hopefully by monday when I'm back I can just say fuck it.. leave it there for a couple years without worrying and have it already internalized in my mind! 
Let's see how it goes
@_date: 2018-07-07 06:24:44
Oh, the Chinese millionaire approach I see! 
@_date: 2017-10-16 21:38:15
To be fair, as far as SEBIN and local authority is concerned. Bitcoins is basically as illegal.
Also people have been arrested for mining bitcoin here in Venezuela. And if you know any miners you should know that's its all very hush hush as no not attract any SEBIN.
As for why someone would use btc instead of USD. Well it's a lot easier to open a wallet than to go to the US and open a bank account in USD 
@_date: 2017-10-03 10:52:16
And now everyone in this sub that literally foams at the mouth at any inkling of adoption knows that that layer in NY uses bitcoin.
And considering the comments I'm seeing In this thread, I'm sure he will be getting a few new clients in no time.
Besides you can tell his address woopdedoo. Send that btc to coinbase send it to a different address. You're done. You have no clue how much he has. You just know he had at some point about 5 grand in btc which for lawyers is what. 10 hours? 20 hours depending on rate? 
@_date: 2017-10-02 00:10:10
Wow, must ve missed the thousands upon thousands of people freely exchanging USD from their bank accounts in banco de Venezuela. I know about the partial reform in 2016, but I've yet to see anyone transferring money from 1 person to another, making it useless.
It used to be that you could transfer money is USD from banco de Venezuela only to an account In  your name outside. Did that change somehow?
Also, the partial reform only worked for articles 5 and 9 of the law. But then you have article 19 which tells you that any person both natural and "juridica" (don't really know the translation for persona jurdica) that buys or sells or rents both privately or publicly any good or service in USD is illegal. And then article 21 states that any exporter has to immediately sell any USD they make to the BCV or its illegal.
So it s legal to exchange, except there is no way for anyone to a tally have USD legally. Maybe I'm missing some loophole, but the exception of article 9 is only for natural persons with USD accounts in public banking. So an American bringing USD to Venezuela in cash does not qualify. I cant charge any rent or sell anything for USD legally so I can't buy USD from someone else because they wouldn't have any because how did they made it? Amy exporter would've sold their USD to BCV.
So it's "legal" kind of like they coming out and saying "Hey it's legal to exchange a you want, on any day that it's 30th and any month that is February.
The only scenario would be someone selling USD that they got from DICOM or Amy of the government allowed auction. And the second that you write in the Whatsapp, SMS, call, email, anything the price of the exchange that is different from the official one. You just broke article 17 of the law.
So yeah, you're right that it wouldn't be illegal, as long as we both had USD accounts in banco de Venezuela and none of us ever said the price of the transaction unless you wanted to sell at the official rate. 
@_date: 2015-09-25 20:35:32
I work in the oil industry and every now and then I have to work overseas. I have worked closely with about 4 Russians and it was uncanny how well they liked Putin. To them everything in Crimea was basically propaganda and Crimea seceded from Ukraine by themselves. They know putin is a dick, but they say that the country needs someone with strong leadership and he's the right man for the job. 
It was kind of surreal listening to that. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 06:34:21
And make its own money to pay it in a worse case scenario. (in the case of countries with no foreign debt like the US) 
@_date: 2018-04-05 22:24:43
Itay be bold. But economically it's basically true. It's the biggest economy in the world. Safest as well, the currency is an actual y safe haven currency for the rest of the world. Even during the financial crisis in 2008+ it held up much better than others rpcuntries and countries were actually swapping to USD.
I don't remember the exact number but it was more than 80%? That foreign transactions are made in USD as well.
The US might be young, but it's definitely strong as fuck economically speaking 
@_date: 2018-04-06 05:50:03
Well, I was thinking in the context of since the USD has been the defacto world currency.
Sure over time relatively speaking there are probably safer bets? Maybe the catholic church at the height of their power? Or the Roman empire at the height of their power?
Edit: forgot to say that you are right because the original post said "in history" 
@_date: 2018-04-29 06:33:42
It's useless to try and bring some macroeconomics to some people. They simply cannot fathom the difference in scales. It's ironic that they like to equate it to personal debt when they feel like but on the other hand it would be like being 100k in debt and making 100k a year, so basically smooth riding. As long as the US debt stays at that pace it should be fine.
Now not to say it's perfect and that nothing bad will happen if the Gini coefficient keeps growing in the US... But the problem still wouldn't be the debt 
@_date: 2017-05-13 02:03:16
My dad, who has invested and traded for a whole (not anymore, he's retired) always told me. "let someone else get the last dollar"
Basically means this. Make your plan, put your target and be happy if you hit your target. Cash out whenever you feel is right and hopefully you met your target. Don't look back, let someone else get that last squeeze. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 21:25:08
People thinking that "you don't get audited because it's peanuts" are in for a reality check. 
I've said it in other comments in this thread. But IRS is very very automated and slow. And I got a notice in 2016 for 250$ from 2008.. It went up to almost 500$ for back taxes and late fees. Computer literally cross references my income vs taxes saw the difference spew a report that sat in a  queue for who now how long.. 3 people looked it over, signed it and they don't pay for postage. And time is their friend because the more they take to find you, the more they charge you. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 11:36:48
Oh, OK. Thanks a lot for the reply. As I said before I was genuinely asking because I wanted to learn more about the posture of both sides and all that. 
So the problem is not the block size increase but having to do a hard fork. 
Thanks again for explaining it to me 
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:15:19
Could you please point me in the direction of this chamber of truth and reasons? Because AFAIK, neither nor seem like any of them. 
In fact, no cryptosubreddit seem to be free of massive Bias
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:31:12
you don't,  virtually nobody in venezuela accepts bitcoin as payment except for some very niche markets. I actually live in venezuela and have to deal with CADIVIN/CENCOEX/DIPRO/DICOM, etc first hand. 
Most of the people in venezuela deal with USD, be it through paypal or banks, etc. 
Now when you send your family bitcoin, they don't actually go to the nearest supermarket and get food and transfer bitcoin. They either sell it at an exchange into USD into BoFA or Chase or Commercebank or any of the popular US Banks, or they put it in paypal and then sell the USD for bolivares as needed. 
On the other hand, if they don't go through USD, they probably use like localbitcoin where they transfer let's say 0.1 BTC for 1.37 million BsF.
It's like the 3rd time I keep reading this "Venezuelans using bitcoin" threads and completely miss the point. 
The benefit of bitcoin and ether in venezuela is the extremely cheap transaction compared to wire transfers in the US. It also helps those who havent' been able to get Bank accounts/ Paypal accounts in the US. 
But venezuelans turn Bitcoins into USD and then local currency to buy the food and supplies we need
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:24:01


@_date: 2017-05-25 03:26:33
Venezuelan here, idk what the hell he's talking about. 
Answer is really simple and idk why he skirts around it. People trade bitcoin for USD, and then USD to Bolivares and then buys food. 
Other people trade BTC to bolivares using localbitcoins.
Simple as that
@_date: 2017-05-11 10:55:50
I'm in the same exact spot with Chase. Luckily I have another bank account just in case so if they close it I can just tell them where to wire to money too. 
But, I've yet to have any Pringle whatsoever. I used coinbase to buy BTC and ETH and LTC
So I guess the see USD from coinbase flowing back into my account as normal 
@_date: 2017-05-23 11:00:21
Up to this day, if you open get you have to specify in the options if you support or oppose the fork. 
That's actually how you choose between mining ETH or ETC.
Sk Yeah, Vitalik set a date and forked. Bit then everyone had to go and choose whether their geth was supporting or opposing the Dao fork. It's the same as signaling. 
If most of the community would've been against the fork, everyone would've set geth - oppose-dao-fork and ETC would be the majority chain right now instead of ETH. 
There is a difference sure, but in concept there the same. Vitalik inquired the community and he was sure enough the community would support it that he went and forked. 
Difference with bitcoin is that neither core or BU are 100% sure that their chain would win should they just set a date for a hard fork and yolo it.  Granted Eth was much smaller and therefore easier to predict. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 21:24:19
I actually live in a country that has trashed their own currency over and over again and for a government to be stupid enough to do that some stuff must exist that the US doesn't have. 1st of all is that most of the countries that trash their currency are mainly exporters of some good. So you trash your own currency because you are actually backed in USD or another strong currency. This is teh case for Zimbwabwe's hyperinflation and Venezuela's collapse . Those government don't care about their own currency because they are backed by the US' currency. 
The US government lives on the fact that their currency is worth X ammount and that it's extremely stable. USD, EUR, GBP (excluding Brexit panic) are extremely stable countries to the point that they are traded on freaking pips. Commodities are valued because of an increase in price and volatility making it jump. Currencies are more important the more stable they are. 
When I said USG shooting themselves in the foot i didn't mean a revolution, I mean internal economic collapse. So we have one irhetoric about how corporations and the evil banks are the ones truly ruling this country and they will want to .... destroy.. the currency to which everything they have is held to?  That's insane!  
If the USG decided today.. hahahahahah LETS PRINT SOME FUCKING MONEY BITCHES!!! and creates an inflation of 20% for example  they would be fucked, the forex market would dump USD as hard as they could, it would devaluate hard as shit, companies would try to divest and deincorporate themselves from the US and reincorporate in other countries. That mens a metric fuckton of less money coming in from taxes. How is that hard to understand?  The USG doesn't randomly devaluate their money to pay some loans (which armchari economists think are like the loans they get to buy a car from the bank hahahaha), because the USG would be the one hurt the most from doing that. 
The US is not an exporting economy like Saudi Arabia for example, the US is a tax based economy which means "I create a healthy economic environment, and you spend a shitload of money there and give me a cut"  . Guess what currency 80% of the federal government revenue is consisted of?
So if they devaluated to pay some debt early (again extremely stupid and complete ignorance of how countries debt work). the currency would devaluate meaning that the entire revenue stream of the USG would go to shit meaning they would get paid in worthl;ess paper. "Oh they got away buy buying Bitcoins!!!"  Yeah? and then what?  oh they have bitcoins woopdeedoo, they still have a budget several times that size, no more bitcoins to buy because they already devaluated to shit their money and every single year after that the 80% of the federal government's revenue is basically paper. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:33:27
I'm talking about the signaling you have to do in geth. Not carbon vote. 
Every person opening geth whether to be  anode, a simple wallet or to mine. Needs to specify whether to support or oppose the Dao fork. That's literally how you mine ETH or ETC. 
If the  majority of the people wanted to opposed the fork, then etc would've been the majority chain, and ETH would be the minority chain. 
So it had support from the communityas I said in my post. 
Right now, community support from mining to the Dao fork is higher than Segwit for bitcoin. Yet we want to force Segwit on bitcoin with only 51%. I personally don't see much of a difference. Sure it's an upgrade vs hack bailout. But I'm not talking about that, I'm talking about consensus. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 03:34:25
  you could read that as a starter, or the thousands upon thousands of papers on why deflation is bad and much much worse than deflation. 
Tech does drop price because it's deflating in price. Tech drops in price because of planned obsolescence which is something completely  different. The new iPhone doesn't cost less next month. It costs less when a newer shinier iPhone is launched to substitute the current one. 
I know it's not the same for every single piece of tech I existence but normally the same tier of component costs the same over time. The newest console around 400$,  the overpriced gaming laptop at 2000-3000$ etc. 
Some stuff gets cheaper because of optimization and miniaturization, I use less materials so my BoM is lower so. I can lower the price and keep the same profit while beating another competitor. Which in itself is an entire different side of economics. Deflation means that prices lower of your CPI or whatever product basket your government measures over a small period of time. For the specifics, read the articles I posted 
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:32:15
this is the right answer. LBTC, or just exchange into USD and then sell the USD like most venezuelans do (lucky ones)
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:13:20
Talk to your local government. Offer half of what's in it as a donation to them. 
Suddenly, you might find some "incentives" to search for it
@_date: 2017-05-04 19:13:47
Please talk to a lawyer. You already came on reddit and basically admitted to tax evasion. It's not hard to prove who you are from reddit. Save yourself the headache. If you go at it with the IRS at best you'll spend 50000$ on lawyers. Worst case scenario you actually go to jail. Please inform yourself and find counsel. 
Nothing beats sleeping like a baby. I got a notice about taxes from 2008 in 2016, I messed up and left out like 250$ .. With interest over time it basically doubled. So I had to pay almost double. Just because the IRS doesn't get you this year doesn't mean you won't get in trouble down the line. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:45:56
Yeah  but the same exact this happened at the Dao fork. If people wouldn't want to support it, then etc would be the main chain and ETH would be some small chain on the side. Core vs BU has an added benefit which is a different client. A lot of people prefer running cores client. In the care of Eth it wasn't even a choice between different clients or anything. All you had to choose was wrote 1 command line or the other. And the great majority chose to support it. 
Oh well, one is a HF and the other a SF, but in the grand scheme of things it's the same. ETH HF didn't hurt the network. And in hindsight worked pretty damn good. 
Yeah some people lost trust with Eth when it happened.  It others (like me) actually gained trust in ethereum because we saw that in the case of some catastrophic incident (much worse than the dao) we could actually fix it as a community. Instead of sitting and bicker about "code is law" due to a malicious attack, stagnating the network for years. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 18:51:47
And if he didn't use coinbase he juts spent 75G cash to buy a house outright at 22. He set so many red flags I  the IRS and probably DEA that they will look at his status and case with a microscope. The first they will do is wait for his tax returns.. Oh.. "this is not enough to buy this house" then they will assume it's dirty money and investigate and audit him. Then he has to pay long term capital tax plus interests.. Or go Wesley snipes 
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:04:36
Think USDT when bitfinex was having deposit problems and it veered off from it's "peg" by like 10% for a few weeks.
@_date: 2017-05-11 10:38:41
How does a 2MB block size both allow asicboost to continue. And how does it stop further improvements to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 12:54:32
If he was already getting multiple life sentences without the possibility of parole, Is it worth the effort of trying to track down bitcoin transactions to find some would be hitman that failed to testify? At some point Effort/Reward hits you. So they might ve dropped the charges because the evidence they had was circumstancial and too much trouble to get more solid evidence. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 22:06:00
Agree with you. If he had gone the mortgage route and kept to a low profile, they probably would never even look twice at him. Just some kid with a mortgage like a shit load of them. 
But he really went out of the way to stand out as much as possible. 
As you said, low hanging fruit for the IRS. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:31:46
More like in this thread. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 13:03:19
So bitcoin is deploying something having a mere 6% support? "just becasue" ?
Jesus christ what a clusterfuck.
@_date: 2017-05-04 22:23:52
Agree with you. If he had gone the mortgage route and kept to a low profile, they probably would never even look twice at him. Just some kid with a mortgage like a shit load of them. 
But he really went out of the way to stand out as much as possible. 
As you said, low hanging fruit for the IRS. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:05:29
people fail to see this. Sure the original offence was dropped and not because "Oh he didn't do it" it was mainly because Sweden went "Well, we've done all we can, but as long as he stays there we're just wasting money so we're going to drop it" Im sure Assange flies to sweden and this case would be reopened in a heartbeat. 
Also people fail to remember that when sweden asked for the European Arrest Warrant or whatever it's called, he actually got arrested, but they didn't extradite him right there like a good little lapdog would've done. He posted bail and then he failed to appeared in court by fleeing to the Ecuadorian Embassy when courts ordered he surrenders himself to the court. 
That in itself is a criminal offence and anyone in the US or Europe would be arrested and probably jailed for a time for skipping bail. 
So sure, one of his crimes was dropped. Not all of them though.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:42:48
It's Ether sure but they stated that they will integrate it to Rootstock. So we should all be able to use it. 
However with those fees and limitations, I don't think k I'll be personally using it
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:34:10
Oh, so it's impossible by design. So I'm guessing 
This is impossible by design, meaning when bitcoin had a bug that did infinite Inflation and the chain was literally rolled back to fix it. But that's impossible right? Blockchain are mutable. They are not set in stone, not bitcoin, not ethereum, not anyone. As long as the community follows and supports a chain, it can change. 
Again, not against it. But the argument is ridiculous at this point. 
And ETH is not trying to he bitcoin. If you want to be philosophical gold, then go right ahead. I'm cool with it. 
But Eth as a network made as decision, let's fork to fix the Dao hack. Which I need to remind was a freaking hack. Not a bad investment or something like that. Money was stole, and it was given back to its original owners. It didn't crash in an investment or anything. 
Either way. At the end, they created the fork. You can go ahead and fork bitcoin if you want right now. Just like BTC, BTXT did. Nothing is stopping g you from forking the chain as you see fit. Actually you can fork and reverse all your transactions. 
Problems  is nobody is going to use your fork so you will have a blockchain for yourself with only 1 user. 
This is the same as IN ETH, they created a hard fork. Whoever thinks just forking something means you did whatever you wanted to do simply is parroting the "hurr durr Eth is bad" rhetoric and doesn't know how it works. 
If 90% of the community would've said "fuck you fork, code is law". Then when the fork happened people would started geth - oppose-dao-fork and etc would be the majority chain. 
Geth is not just the miners, it's also the wallet and nodes. The community in general chose that "Code is now law" and that having the network crash and burn would be worse for us than doing a fork and tell a hacker to go fuck himself. 
A soft fork at 51% is changing something because you unilaterally decided to do it. I approve Segwit and Ln, but have mixed feelings about BIP 148 because a 51% UASF is basically core leveraging that his client is the one everyone uses it and "well change whatever we want to and you guys get with the program or use buggy software" 
If faaaaar faaaaar from  a nice solution like the bitcoin purists like to parade around Everytime they throw shit at Eth. 
Now I said I have mixed feelings because I also hate the Chinese mining cabal basically holding bitcoin hostage for their profit. And I'm a realist and think BIP 148 has the potential to finally break the stalemate which I think hurts every crypto out there. So I would say I'm 75/25 on BIP 148.
But again, the Eth rhetoric is even ironic when we're talking about forking bitcoin to include an upgrade we don't have majority consensus to implement. Which is by design as you said so in your comment. 
Someone against BIP 148 can easily say "well if blockstream can just implement whatever they want and users either get with the program or fuck off. What stops them from doing  the same exact thing and implement something that will hurt btc later?" 
And it would be a valid point.
If a you have to do is convince the exchanges to support you and you're done. Then it's no better than Jihan convincing his Chinese friends to block something. It's still not consensus 
@_date: 2018-04-05 22:20:41
So exactly like fiat then? 
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:00:22
Even that part of the story is very misleading? "logistical problems transporting the money?" are you kidding me? What were you transporting? A duffel bag with 3 million USD? 
This is how a USD/BsF sale happens. 
Open Whatsapp, broadcast a message to a group of friends "hey guys buying $, send offers, Chase bank" 
Then people answer with different prices. Then you transfer the Bolvares to their account "almost free" and then they wire you the money to your account I'm the US (not free). 
Now are there benefits to using bitcoin? Sure, it's cheaper and faster than wiring money. 
But if you family would've bought just months before in Q4 2013, they would've cursed you and bitcoin all the way to 2017 because you juts slashed their savings to a fifth. 
Again, the story is pretty misleading in general, you have some very weird premises in your story like the whole dangers of transporting USD. 
Literally millions are sold and bought every day here electronically. 
And I seriously doubt a business owner like your dad, didn't know absolutely anyone that was buying / selling USD. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:48:17
But that's not what the OP said. I asked for a reminder (which I think the bot is broken :( ) because he said that when risk launches everything would basically migrate to risk and he's I playing Eth will die. Which is beyond ridiculous to think. 
That's like me saying "I can transfer value by transferring Eth, it's faster and cheaper... Bitcoin is dead!"  which would be equally ridiculous. 
Personally speaking? I don't care for this being on a federated centralized chain. But again I don't believe in a lot of "alarmists" issues about bitcoin. Id rather have everything in 1 chain and not have to switch, use receive, switch back. The concept of ETH blockchain being bigger is moot to me. Eth is not trying to be bitcoin. It's not trying to run 256000 nodes in raspberry pies in Zimbabwe and storage cost is really really nor that big of a deal. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:03:11
@_date: 2017-05-04 19:34:47
You have no clue what you're talking about. I got a notice by the IRS in 2016 (actually I think it was late 2015) because my 2008 returns were missing 250$. With interest it almost doubled and had to pay almost 500$ I'm not even a US citizen. I was a student and started working on Opt between 2008 and 2009. 
So yeah, they can surely do this for 75000$. The process almost always is automated. They see a tax report of 35000 as income and a house paid outright for 75k and that screams either tax evasion or dirty money to them. 
They might not care about it this year, or next or next one. Eventually it moves in the queue and someone finally gets to it and you get a letter 10 years down the line with almost 100% of fines on top of what you owed. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 22:15:08
which kind of goes against the whole "If they catch him hes going straight to gitmo"  Which im not saying it's not true, but it's a bit more nuanced that some people like to believe. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 03:41:21
Exactly. And inflationary economy encourages people to do stuff like that which makes the economy of the country grow, which makes the country more prosperous and more money. On the other hand, a deflationary economy makes people just hoard their money in a savings account and do nothing with it which means less taxes for the government and the economy shrinking. Which is really bad 
@_date: 2017-05-05 00:04:19
 Whenever there is an all time high there are always people that cash out, this creates resistance and when it slows down there are always people that panic and think it's going to correct and sell
 Becoming a self fulfilling prophecy. 
This is not bitcoin, this is every time there is a rally of anything. It doesn't always mean a dip, but it always means a correction. 
Look at the chart now, BTC dropped like 100$ in an instant with a high volume. Obviously some people cashed out and some people panicked. But it held. That floor is now considered the floor and the ATH considered the ceiling. Both are resistances because people look at the past to try and predict the future. 
But at the same time it can break a resistance with enough momentum. 
Normally when it breaks either resistance, it accelerates in that direction for a bit because the respective investors (bulls/bears) will be like "OH shit it's going, go go go go go go go". 
It's not FUD really, it's just regular market behavior. Happens a the time. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 05:05:58
How exactly does bitcoin solve the serious debt problem? 
@_date: 2017-05-11 03:11:20
How is it s compromise? It's 100% of what core wants. They literally have to give nothing away. The big block people said "fine, let's not do 8 MB blocks.. But let's do a small 2 MB I crease and we'll put Segwit on it as well" it puts Segwit which is what core wants.. And increases the block to 2 which is what the miners want.  
Doing a block increase and not Segwit would mean miners get 100% what they want and core got nothing. So there was no compromise. Equally activating Segwit  and not increasing anything means core gets 100% of what they want and miners get 0% what they want. No compromise there either. 
Segwit plus 2 MB core puts something on the table that both parties want. It's the equivalent of a bipartisan solution.  But I've read that core simply don't want to do the 2MB blocks.. And I fail to see why. I really don't understand what's so wrong about 2MB blocks that we want to drag this stalement for what it seems like forever.? Every time I ask I always get the "well Segwit is the co premise because technically you can now have 1.7 MB in there" bit that's a technicality. That sounds like "I don't want to give you more because you'll think you win over me".. I  never get an explanation stating, specifically what's wrong about 2 MB block paired with Segwit. 
And I'm genuinely asking because I'm not an expert on anything btc 
@_date: 2017-05-04 20:13:27
Didn't know that. didn't check OPs history. However my warning goes more than to OP. right now there is a LOT of people sitting on a lot of money, specially of they have ETH or LTC holding since last year. 
You have money now, please seek help about it, accountant and lawyers are a must. 
You will see someone cash in a million bucks from ETH 3 days before it turns into long term capital gains. Or stuff like OP which are basically failing to disclose income on their taxes. 
But you are right that it's probably the least of his worries, but it's the easiest to fall into. 
Selling something on a darknet, they have to prove they did it.   Taxes? they can just ask you to prove where you got the money from. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 12:41:15
They can do the same exact thing without bitcoin, they could do that with gold, silver, oil, any commodity you want.  No need for bitcoin  to even exist for thar scenario. Have you thought why they haven't done that already? They could've done that the 1st year fiat was into place. Yet still they don't print however much they want hut print a calculated ammount each year. 
This USG basically shooting themselves in the head for "reasons" scenarios are laughable at this point
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:47:19
You make very good points as well and I agree with you. My point is not trying on condone what's happening to him although I personally don't care much for him. I'm trying to kind of explain what's being used to arrest him now. 
However you are right in that the timing is basically perfect and as you said, nobody is being pursued like that for a rape case. I'm not naive to think that there was no involvement of what he did against the US  and this whole clusterfuck. Although it also stands that London did actually arrest him and if we go by the cia hidden hand everywhere rhetoric. He would've been extradited right then and there and not released on bail like it happened. 
At the end of the day I do agree with you, although some stuff we will never know 
@_date: 2017-05-20 15:28:37
There is a story about the old days of trading. I think it was Carnegie. Right  before the great depression, the stock market was all the rage and people were making shit load of money though it, not u like cryptos now. New kind of money. 
Supposedly he was getting his shoes shined, where the kid that was shining his shoes asked him to recommend him a stock to invest in as he was investing with ad little money as he could save. 
He then got up, went to his office and liquidated everything he had because he knew that if the shoe shining lid was into the stock market, the speculation must be all the way to the top and it was about to crash hard. 
So basically he means if you see a random butcher across your street talking about buying selling different cryptos and such. Then speculation might be at all time high and a huge correction might come soon. 
No idea if the story is true or not though. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 13:50:19
No he isn't, that's laughable at best. If the USG was waiting to buy a commodity to dump the USD by printing Zimbabwe style, they would've done it by now by buying gold, silver and literally anything listed on NYMEX. And not a currency/commodity that has less than 50 billion in market cap. Do you even understand the difference between the bitcoin market cap and the US Economy in terms of nsheer size? Or the entire crypto market for that matter. 
I love how all the armchair economists suddenly come with all this insane and retarded theories about how the US economy works. 
People have been watching way too much Mr Robot lately 
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:58:43
And IIRC, every miner had to choose wether to support or oppose the dao fork when starting a miner. Which brought us to ETC and ETH both being alive. And currently you have 94% hashrate signaling "Support DAO Fork" I mean, Ethereum has more consensus over the DAO fork than Segwit for bitcoin, and we want to activate it with a 51% node count signaling no matter what miners say?
I mean, I personally don't care, I want Bitcoin with Segwit, and I want the stalemate to end so we can all float higher. 
But this "mutable chain is worthless" rhetoric is fucking retarded. Bitcoin is actually about to activate segwit on it with 34% support from miners, less than 50% of the companies tracked by coindance expresively support Segwit (80+% are ready for it though). Less than 20% of companies tracked in coindance signal for BIP 148, And we want to activate Segwit with 51% of nodes "just because" ?  I mean, I'm all for it because I believe stagnation is worse than someone just pushing everything to one side and worst case scenario we can just fix it. 
But this rhetoric is a bit tired by now.
Im excited for RSK, but for all the philosophers in here claiming that ETH is trash for not being as decentralized as Bitcoin and then rooting for RSK which a centralized pegged system, is pretty damn ironic
@_date: 2017-05-15 00:43:22
The hoarding you're talking about and the hoarding he's talking about is completely different. 
You're talking about amassing wealth, but he's talking about stationary money. In his case, if you believe your currency will be worth tomorrow more than today, then you will wait until tomorrow to spend it, over and over and over again. 
The hoarding you are talking about still means economic movement. I can be worth 100 billion USD, but that normally doesn't mean I have 100 billion liquid sitting in a bank account. It probably means I have a lot of investments, companies, factories, etc. I'm worth that much, but the cash itself is flowing, I can have several companies and Y pay 30000 employees salaries from my money, their work makes a product and it is bought and give me more money than I paid. Sure I'm amassing wealth, but money flew all over the place and it generated taxes. Which is the point of inflation. 
The US for example. Is a tax based economy. 80% of the federal government revenue comes from income tax if I'm not mistaken. That requires people spending money, a lot of it. Buy stuff so that companies make more stuff and create more jobs and open more factories and offices and businesses, etc. All of that generates taxes. 
Imagine the US would be in deflation, and as th e other poster you hoard all the money in a bank account, just waiting buying as little as possible because tomorrow its worth more than today, prices will lower as time goes on. 
Now imagine everyone would so this. That would mean you don't buy any non essential. Why buy a PS4 today if it will be lower in price in a week, next week comes.. Let's wait another week. Lower sales means Sony needs to. Make less units, so now it needs 1 factory instead of 2, layoffs, all those Peor are now on unemployment and pay 0 income tax, so now not only do they not make revenue for the government but they coat the government. So expenditure rises and revenue decreases, now the USG needs to borrow more to cover that deficit, etc etc. 
Obviously a bad example as Sony doesn't have factories in the US, but the concept is the same. 
One of the reasons why in the US you're encouraged to always drive the latest year car and lease them and change them every 2 years. And in other countries like in Europe lots of people buy cars and keep them for a long time. To. Provide more revenue and then jobs to GM, Ford, etc 
@_date: 2018-04-29 06:37:28
I don't think he knows there is a difference to be honest 
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:31:38
 answered here
@_date: 2017-05-30 14:14:47
That's not a problem for me. Although I want both to succeed, I hold ethereum right now so win win I guess 
@_date: 2017-05-04 19:40:51
Except that the probability of that happening to someone that's 22 is almost 0. Almost nobody in the US buys a house outright for 75k at 22 years old. 
Does that mean that he's automatically going to jail? No, and I didn't say that. I only said that he should talk to a lawyer and get counsel. Maybe he can report it as gifts like you said. Maybe the IRS believes and thinks auditing him would be a waste of time. Maybe they have a slow month and a free agent in Missouri that gets the case assigned to him. 
At minimum they will ask him to state where the money came from. Up to the OP to lie or tell the truth, up to the IRS to investigate or not. 
As I replied somewhere else, I got a notice almost 8 years later about 250$ from trading gains when I was fresh our of college. And I messed up the calculation on my taxes. 
Owed the IRS almost 500$ in 2016. 
The process is largely automated and if you meet certain criteria, and buying a house for 75G cash upfront without a 500000$ a year job with a great sign in bonus is definitely a criteria, it just gets put on a  queue and it will get to an agent several years later. The IRS is not in any hurry because the longer they take to process the more you owe in back taxes and interests. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:59:24
RemindMe! 12 months "laugh"
@_date: 2017-05-04 21:34:23
You are right. But on the other hand, he does have to pay property taxes, both federal and probably state (don't know about kansas) so the IRS will be notified that the OP suddenly got a house. 
Also he probably didn't pay with cash on a duffle bag, he probably had 75k deposited in his bank account. Which sends all kinds of red flags to the IRS. 
If he sold his BTC for a duffle bag of cash and paid the house with the same duffle bag, I could believe that he was under the radar... But I don't think it went down that way. 
On the other hand I don't know if property taxes disclose whether you are mortgaged or you paid on full for the house. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 15:04:44
OH oh oh,, and I forgot something which I think is kind of cool. You see that US Debt clock with HUUUUUUUGE numbers you posted. If you click on world clocks you can see such a wide range of different countries and how their economies work.  You see how the Debt in the US is reaaaaaaaaally close to the GDP?  that's actuall;y a good thing, because the economy in the US is partly based on that. They borrow money and increase their GDP with it and with that increased GPD they pay back the loans and get more. It works wonderfully as long as you keep the GDP growing at least consisntently with your debt. If debt goes too high then it runs into trouble. If debt goes too low, the GDP growth will also slow down. 
On the other hand, look at china. Almost no debt compared to the US. That's because China relies a LOT on export for their GDP, whereas the US is not an exporting economy. Look at countries that rely a lot on exports like China, Saudi Arabia and Rusia and you see a similar trned, very low debt compared to GDP. 
On the other hand, look at non exporting economies like Canada, US, Germany and you see a lot bigger debt/gdp ratios  which in itself is not a bad thing as long as they are close to each other. 
Obviously not every country is the same and every country dictates their own economy. But what this means is that China for example, grabs export money and reinvest in manufacturing to make more export which grows the money that comes from export.  But they need clients like the US for that to work. The US on the other hand exports "economic growth" which is basically like taking out a lot of business loans to make new businesses that make you more money than what they cost in interest. 
As long as the economy grows faster than the interest, you're golden 
@_date: 2017-05-08 18:06:31
Genuine question. I'm  it an expert on anything bitcoin. But the way I read this bip149 comments is basically telling the miners "you either activate, or we activate it for you if you don't activate it" 
In that case, why even have the time for MASF when you know 100% that you won't get the hashrates to MASF? If we're going the route of "we will activate it whether you like it or not" then why wait until next year? Why not make the SF right this second? 
I guess I don't really understand how this works 
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:06:32
I apologize, I got confused reading another thread where the OP stated "First of all, as paid workers, miners are not a part of the community." 
So again I apologize, these comments we're for OP.
@_date: 2017-05-23 12:59:59
he got one a couple days ago in a thread about Venezuela. And it swas fucking glorious. I am Venezuelan and he was talking exactly like one of us and then BOOM!
maybe shittymorph is venezuelan
@_date: 2017-05-20 15:41:29
The picture literally says they're supporting both chains. How exactly is this any better? The point of UASF is that it works if an economic majority chooses it over the current implementation. 
Trezor is not going to hurt BIP148 by not supporting it, but this doesn't tip the scales in BIP148 favor either. It's literally "everything will be the same" 
@_date: 2017-05-20 17:20:21
A million bolvares here in veenzuela is about 200$  we truly are a country of millionaires. 
Same as in chile, the concept here is not tied to a number on your bank account but your purchase power. 
A million air in Venezuela would be someone who has the equivalent of 1 million USD at least 
@_date: 2017-05-09 17:23:57
As I answered on  the other post you replied to me. Getting 75 grand in your bank account is not illegal. And I never said that he would get in trouble juts for having the money. 
If you have 0 income and 0 deposits in your bank and suddenly you get a big 50k deposit. You bet your ass that the bank is going to file it to the IRS to check it. And the IRS will check it. Probably DEA as well. You don't even know that they are checking it. 
If you got an inheritance, they will check that you did and check if you paid taxes for that. Same if it a lottery, a gift, payment in cash. Doesn't matter. You yet an unusual deposit in your account and it most likely triggers a red flag in the IRS and they check it. The process is very automated. The it gets put in a queue and someone will check it years down the line. Doesn't matter, the longer it takes the more you pay in back taxes. 
Again, I'm not saying that he will get I  trouble for getting g that money. Just that it's unusual compared to the rest.. And that's the kid of stuff IRS looks for to find possible problems. Unusual activity. 
If I suddenly go and buy myself a 10 million dollar home in LA. The IRS will most likely ask where that money came from as it is impossible from my current job to pay for that. If it's an inheritance, I declared it so. It's in the system so the system itself resolves "oh, he had 20 million USD from inheritance.. All is good, next!" 
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:34:40
Depends, if the deposits are small enough then sure, it can fly under the radar because he doesn't stand out. But at that point instead dog making small deposits, it's better to get the loan and that way you hold on your BTC and get more money as it increases in price 
@_date: 2017-05-30 12:55:41
He's quoting the paper, not the title. The paper clearly stated that each CPU was supposed to be 1 vote in deciding what Bitcoin would need to do. Obviously is a bit outdated as Satoshi didn't really foresee the creation of mining pools. He kep thinking it would be a free-for-all forever. 
But the original whitepaper basically did state that the people mining, which at the time were the same as users which were supposed to be the same as nodes, were the deciding factor on any Bitcoin improvement
@_date: 2017-05-15 00:23:19
No, banks can't just change a magic number and suddenly have trillions of money. There is a metric fuck ton of regulations and laws regarding that. This is in every country basically. When a central banking authority issues money it distributes between different banks. So they will issue 1000 of X currency they call bank A B C and D and say I'm issuing you 500, 200,200,100 and then that bank adjusts the central authority bank accounts with those balances. Then the it gets spent to whatever it was meant to be spent on. 
It had a terrible design flaw that basically the government can go crazy and start printing  money like there is no tomorrow. But that would cause high inflation or a hyperinflation cycle to happen. Which can destroy your economy eg.: Zimbabwe, Venezuela. 
If you take the US for example, they calculate how much they need to print to have a specific rate of inflation that they want. A couple percent per year. Then they print or generate a certain ammount of new money periodically to match that inflation profile you want. 
Reason is that if they stop printing at all and the currency goes into deflation (meaning its worth more over time instead of less) it can have very bad consequences to the economy in general. 
Japan went through some time where their money was in deflation and they were concerned a out it. 
You don't want deflation, you don't want a lot of inflation either. What you want is a stable, strong and controlled economy. So that people can invest in your country for a lot of long term proyects (which normally are the biggest ones that bring the most money and jobs into a country) 
@_date: 2017-05-23 11:28:23
Because mining secures the network. Securing the network with nodes leads you to have a bazillion cheap nodes in RPis and cheaper to do a 51% attack or centralize power. 
And ETH is getting rid of mining and making Proof of Stake the validation protocol. 
And above all that, I don't understand the point t on your comment. 
Until now, bitcoin has used mining hashrate to ask the community I'd they want to implement X or Y.  Until mining centralization became a problem it worked fine. Ethereum doesn't have the mining centralization problem and at the time it works d to determine what people wanted. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:16:07
Fair enough. We call it testaferro and it's normally denoted as an illegal activity. The definition of nominee seemed like something more legal. Like an actual director of the company. 
Testaferros is a fake figure head just so they can't seize your stuff. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:19:20
I don't think that's right. Straw man is more about a person having no substance.  The translation says it's figurehead but that's also not quite there. 
Basically its this. You have a lot of money but you are dirty, so at some point dea or treasury can come and seize your stuff. So you launder diety money and it ends up in a company in my name.. I'm your testaferro. Basically I'm your buddy or work for you. All. Your assets are legally in my name, so when they come for you, they can't seize anything. Now I'm only a figurehead, you have the passwords for the bank accounts live in "my house"  etc. In reality everything is yours except its legally in my name. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:45:32
And this is where that pesky "reality" and "society" and all those things come into play. 
The statement was to say "if the investments go to shit, don't blame us." but we're not talking about that were talking about an entity simply hacking and stealing the money. Not a bad investment. This is why in law you have spirit of the law and a those things in the middle. Because shit happens in the real world and sometimes you need to fix said "shit". 
If the Dao collapsed because of bad decisions from the investors and they tried to bail them out. Then I would agree with you 100%. But that wasn't the case. It was a hack and it was contained. We simply denied 1 hacker to leave with his "loot". 
And now that we're talking code is law. Then how about when bitcoin had the value overflow incident? I mean according to "code is law" the blockchain says that 2 addresses had 92 billion bitcoin each. 
Did we as a community said "well, I guess bitcoin will crash.. Oh well"  no. They hard forked, reversed the chain, fixed the bug and denied those 2 wallets 92 billion btc. 
And that was a bug, not even malice involved in it. And bitcoin rolled back quietly, and nobody complained. Bitcoin has always said "every transaction is final and what's on the blockchain is immutable". 
When in reality it "blockchain is immutable as long as we don't fuck up"  else we would left those 2 wallets with 92  billion bitcoin each because "it's what the blockchain said, oh well" 
EDIT: And to the last point in your comment The people that still use ETH over ETC, it's not that we dont know how blockchain works. It's that we don't care about your philosophy of illusionary immutability ( because every blockchain can be mutable by design to fix fuckups) to put the entire network at risk. 
Without the DAO fork, maybe ETH wouldn't exist, which makes sense why Bitcoin maximalists looooove to hate the DAO fork as they are probably rooting for ETH to crash and burn. 
I mean look at the title in this thread, that's delusion at this point. not only that but its so much hatred against Ethereum, that you're willing to trade on a federated and completely centralized side chain going against EVERYTHING people spew about bitcoin being perfect because of decentralization. Just to take a stab at Eth. 
I prefer to enjoy both coins and hold both (among others)
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:38:48
I agree with you with PoS and I agree that's not the best indicator. But just like we are signaling depending on which pool you are using, miners could choose if they believed strongly about etc. 
Obviously when PoS comes miners will migrate somewhere else. Maybe etc, maybe zcash or anything. 
I'll still hold my Eth I'm not in Eth for some philosophical reasons. It's purely monetary and even in big stakes are banks, they'll probably want a good return on their investments. So I think Eth will grow. Adoption is paramount for that so it's a win win. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:39:56
No problem 
@_date: 2017-05-23 12:50:23
people receive death threats over stuff like "I think Miley Cyrus if batshit insane"  
You think a billion dollar market and beign one of the key players wont have Death Threats included? That's a given.
Anything Bitcoin developers do will attract scorn from people, if they do something pro Core they get shit from BU, and viceversa. And There are some extreme fanboys on both sides of the spectrum. So it would be more surprising to me if he didn't get any death threats
@_date: 2017-05-23 13:12:00
That's one of the reasons I stopped trading and just hodl over time. 
Every trading platform out there is basically a Horror story waiting to happen. Polo, Kraken, Bitfinex. They all eventually bite you in the ass. 
I can';t even imagine putting 10k on polo. fuuuuck that. So I just put all my stuff in wallets I control (ETH, GNT, BTC, LTC on order of percentage) and they are all secure
@_date: 2017-05-09 17:17:19
It is rare in comparison. It triggers red flags either way. Like I said, buying the house is not illegal, it's just uncommon. IRS doesn't have the manpower to check everything all the time, so they automate a lot of stuff and check for "unusual". 
A 22 year old kid buying a house outright will trigger red flags in the IRS. The IRS then checks that. "kid buys house, kid is listed as a relative to Warren buffet, he's worth billions, ignore" 
Also, buying the house will probably not be what raises alarms in the IRS, but probably the 75 grand being deposited in the account. When you have large deposits that are unusual (OP even said he is the first tin his family yo own a home so being rich or inheritance doesn't seem likely) the bank will file it and raise the alarm. Then the IRS and even the DEA check it out. "OH, this kid just had 75 grand deposited, check his job, check his parents, check where that money was wired from, and check the records" 
Then they check if he paid taxes on that. A gift of 75 Grand requires tea, lottery, inheritance, finding it in the street, all of those alternatives require him to pay taxes. "my grandmother died and left me her bitcoins and I sold them" taxes. My uncle felt guilty and gifted me 75 grand because he molested me as a kid?  Taxes. 
Bill gates saw me I  the street and said "Give this man 75grand"  still taxes. 
The only way I can see that he could not pay taxes is have dual citizenship in the US and a country where the US and them have a tax treaty that stipulates no double taxes. And that still requires him to report that to the other country. 
Thinking that the IRS doesn't check stuff like this because "other people do it and it's not illegal" sire it's not, but they still check. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:46:23
No, but maximalists love parading the immutbaility of bitcoin as some kind of religion. When in reality it's not like that. 
And it didn't just help one client to recover from a bad investment. It negated a hack or theft or whatever you want to call it.  It was containes and reversed and that was it. 
If you do t see it that way and if you see it as sinple bailout between friends because they did a bad investment. There there is really nothing we can talk about was we have different fundamental concepts on how the blockchain should work and you are completely entitled to have your opinion about it and respect it. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:20:29
You obviously have absolutely no idea how macroeconomics work. Or how the US economy works. What the purpose of inflation is. I suggest you read up a bit on macroeconomics. The US debt is not like you owing the bank money for a house. There is no problem with debt.. There is a problem with irresponsible debt. As long as that debt is rising close to the same rate as the economy is growing. You are actually making money. 
Congress is not talking about bitcoin  because "look guys, maybe we can buy all the bitcoin and crash our currency hahahahaha" that's retarded. They talk about bitcoin because 1)its new, 2) a lot of people love using cryptos to avoid taxes 3) cryptos are used to buy illegal stuff online which was basically impossible before because to pay online you had to link a bank account, credit card or PayPal account, a with your names. 
Again, if Congress was thinking of buying the bitcoin to replace the USD and ride into the sunset. They would've done it with gold and commodities already. 
Also inflation is not just "hahahaha let's make money so we can pay our debt".. That's irresponsible inflation and that's what's happening in Venezuela. Government printed so much money because their debt was outpacing their economic growth it devaluation their money to the ground. Cause hyperinflation. 
That's a LOT different than having a couple percentages a year worth of inflation. That inflation is used as an incentive for price to spend money, invest money and make new businesses which in turn make your economy grow faster meaning you are growing faster than your debt, meaning you are net positive. 
But I have have the feeling you re still going to believe that evil government just prints whatever they want to spend at any time. They could technically do it. And some governments like Venezuela do.. But that works because Venezuela is an oil exporter.. The majority of the revenue for the government comes from selling the oil and gets USD for it. They  can easily devaluate their currency because they still get paid in a strong currency. That doesn't happen in the US, they get paid in the same currency they are devaluating.
Either way, have a good day! 
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:05:28
I looked it over and it seems front man is the right word to use. 
I then remember that's kind of what you say in companies "X company is juts a front from money laundering". 
So front man would be the equivalent. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:00:49


I don't see how people think this is risky in the future. He can do all of that short term, increase tx fees, make as much money from that and covert ASICBOOST, etc etc etc. And at thje very very very very very end when UASF gets activated and it's a done deal. All he has to do is switch with the rest and make the exact same money. 
This is what people don't understand about his position. 
He can A) say "ok guys, let's switch now" and make incrased profits until today and then regular profits starting tomorrow.   or B) Stall as much as necessary, increased profits today, increased profits until Aug, and then switch and do regular profits from there on. 
There is literally 0 incentive for him to "switch" any earlier than he has too. He doesn't have some contract that he needs top fork and run BU or anything like that. It would take him a couple hours to switch and start working like any other Post BIP148 miner
@_date: 2017-05-26 10:49:10
Are there any metrics that we can quote for saying that? I mean everything on coin dance doesn't really say that. BIP148 signaling is not very high. 
Is there another metric that we can see that shows this? 
@_date: 2017-05-22 12:15:23
This is something that I talked about with a friend. We're both in Venezuela and recently the US treasury put sactions on these assholes in the government (The supreme  court) that are basically twisting and turning the constitution however they need to fit Maduro's plan. 
So they got sanctioned so all their accounts, assets are frozen. 
But I'm thinking, "This guys know they are assholes, so im sure they;'ve spent most of the past 2 years pulling all their money from their US accounts into tax havens, all their properties were sold off to (testaferros, Idk the name in english. Basically a guy that "owns" it in name thats a buddy of yours and it's still yours in reality). And such. So I really doubt those sactions have the desired effect. 
At least thye can't grab their stolen money and fly to Miami or Vegas to have fun like they do. At least there is comfort in that
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:27:18
GDAX is Coinbase 
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:34:24
there is a massive difference between the inflation in ETH and the inflation in Bolivares. It's not even on the same economical realm. Let alone comparable. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:32:37
That's naive at best. If you have regular deposits of 1000-5000 in a month since ever and suddenly 75k lands on your account. You bet your ass the bank is filing it under suspicions transactions. IRS is the first one to get one of those notices.  They will check where this money came from. 
Sure my problem was way more easy to trace. But my point was just that ko amount is "too low" for the IRS to care about it. 
A 75k deposit will trigger red flags in the IRS if it's uncommon. 
As you said there are many legal reasons why it landed there, I never said he was insta going to jail.  Just that the IRS will take a look. Just because the red flag will probably put his situation on a queue and someone will look at it years down the line. 
After all the time he will probably have to answer where that money came from. It's up to the OP to have his bases covered. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 11:06:40
You are free to think that if you will. You can go and mine/use Ethereum classic if you feel that'll strong about it. 
I don't want philosophy coin. Just like bitcoin fixed the infinite inflation problem by reversing, ethereum fixed the back by reversing. It's fixing attacks on the network. 
Again, you are free to believe in "code is law" and there is ETC for that I'm not saying that one was more right that the other.  Just that the Dao fork had the community support and therefore it became the main chain. 
@_date: 2017-07-11 14:51:45
Yeah but your missing the point of the matrix. They get fed liquefied dead humans, they don't take anything extra, you have this gigantic population of humans that you can just kill and leave for the bugs, or you harness some energy from them while feeding them themselves. You just have to make them reproduce faster than what you need to kill them to feed the rest.  Sure your population will dwindle over time, but hey. Cheap energy meanwhile. The "effort" is building the huge towers to hold all the humans prisoners. But it probably still less effort than building actual prisons with them being conscious, etc. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 02:43:49
Well I'm far from a BU supporter. But I think both sides need to co promise in the middle. I've heard many times that they would be willing to do Segwit + 2 MB but core keeps saying that Segwit is already a compromise.  I do think that's kind of silly considering Segwit is exactly what you want, by definition if you get 100% of what you want, you didn't compromise. 
Now I know why Jihan is so against Segwit and his economic advantage. I also understand why suddenly jumping to 8MB blocks would bring problems later on. 
What I don't understand  is why Core is so against going 2 MB as well as Segwit. The bandwidth for 2MB every 10 min is not bad, and I live in a 3rd world shit holiday with some of the worst Internet in the world. 
I don't understand that part about being so against 2 MB blocks. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 03:52:23
Every country in the world is a house of cards. And every governments in the world is basically keeping their own house of card from collapsing. 
So let's say we all stop consuming. Woo-hoo awesome. Now what? Your job is probably attached to a service or product that is not needed anymore because people don't want to buy  anymore because we decided to stop consuming right? Well now you're unemployed. (maybe not you but someone). 
If people stop buying computers and software, a shit load of people in the west coast go unemployed. 
Let's stop watching movies! Down with consumerism! We don't need movies and series.  Well, now a shit load of people. In  California is out of a job too.  We decide not to buy any more cars because there are enough for everybody already... Detroit finally collapses. Then the restaurants and places that served those people's lunch go out of business because those people can't afford to go there anymore. More unemployed people. Unemployment rises which means lower tax revenue and higher expenditure due to welfare. Crislme probably rises as well. It becomes a vicious and dangerous cycle. 
Let's talk bitcoin. Let's say we all decide that we're 100% sure bitcoin is going up next year. So everybody decides to hoard all the bitcoin they have. Nobody pays absolutely anything with bitcoin. Complete standstill. 
OK well now you have no transaction, so miners are mining empty blocks non stop, maybe it's towards the end of the mining phase so tx fees is the only revenue. Tlbit there is no revenue, so miners shit down their equipment more and more. Because nobody is moving bitcoin, still no transactions happening. So miners keep selling and selling their equipment. 
So now the security of the network decreases over time and eventually a singles miner could have more than 50% and make a 51% attack. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:27:15
yeah, USD. 
Which is what almost everyone in Venezuela actually stores their wealth into. 
The "thriving" bitcoin community here in venenzuela is a lot more about mining than using bitcoin for anything else. Same thing going on with Ethereum. Because electricity is next to free down here.
Almost everyone here just buys USD with their money because of its stability. 
ALthough support for bitcoin has increased over time, and its awareness as well. It's nowhere even close to being even remotely close to being "the norm" or even widely accepted.
@_date: 2017-05-04 18:45:13
Only in coinbase you get reported for income to the IRS, but that doesn't mean that you're off the hook just because you used a mystery Russian site. US citizens need to declare all income they make anywhere in the world. You might think "Great I didn't get reported to the IRS". But you just bough a house outright for 75Gs and I'm sure your current actual reported job doesn't allow you to have 75G just sitting around to spend. 
So as soo  as you bought the house and it was registered. You probably set our a few flags in the IRS. They will probably audit you because you spent way more than what you're nominally able to. So it's normally 2 things, you made a shit load of money and didn't report it, or it's dirty money. 
Either way you will probably have to explain to someone from. The government where you got that money from. And if it is from selling BTC you bought a long time ago, you owe long term capital gains on it. 
So make sure you calculate how much that is. And have it on hand. Also if you pay late taxes it, there is a fine that makes them bigger every year. So make sure you investigate and seek counsel. I would personally talk to a lawyer and see what he has to say about it. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:31:45
 answered here
@_date: 2017-05-04 20:24:34
Doesn't matter. He's 22 and bought a house in Kansas outright. I'm pretty sure there is 1 person in the registry that did that in all of 2017.. maybe in the entire decade. 
tax evasion and fraud is all about low profile. It's why you launder money through a small business basically overbilling and doing fake services. If you look like everyone else, it's really hard to single you out. 
But again, a 22 year old buying a house for 75G outright... yeha that's a sure flag on the IRS, and it's automated so no need for someone to look. 
If OP really really wanted to go low profile, he would've gotten a loan like anyone else and paid a small down payment and just pay the mortgage from his bitcoin earning like eveyrone else around him and then it would be really hard for him to be singled out. 
This is in every way, a low hanging fruit for the IRS. 
All they have to do is send him a notice that he's getting audited and then an agent comes down whenever and asks him where he got his money from. And considering his responses here  it will proably be "uuuuhhhhhh idk... a gift?" then comes the investigation
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:46:48
Im not trying to be literal, im trying to be pragmatic which you really don't seem to want to be. 
You can't say "Miners arent part of the community" because miners are literally the thing that's securing your network. Miners do eventually fuck off, you lose bitcoin. Simple as that. You're relaying that they love their profits enough that 
Saying shit like "We pay them so they don't count is disingenuous at best". It's supposed to be a symbiotic system. Miners benefit from bitcoin growing, and users benefit from more mining. More security, more incentive, more money. Win Win for everyone. 
Now is there a problem with miner centralization? you bet your ass there is. But in the original nakamoto papers, the users and the miners were basically the same people. He himself was mining and using bitcoin. 
Obviously things have changed and grown over time. I personally support Segwit and LN, but I hve mixed feelings over BIP148. the only metric I can see is nodes signalig for it, and it's not even 10%  so the whole "The overwhelming majority wants BIP148" comments that get thrown around here, i really don't know where that number comes from. If there is a metric I'm not aware off please link it so I can inform myself.
So from my perspective, which can be completely wrong and I'm noobdy of importance or an expert, it seems something with less than 10% of node count is passing BIP148 because we're counting on the fact that everyone uses Core's Software. That seems like an attack, except not from the miners. 
But well, I might be completely wrong or missing several points. I personally decided to divest from BTC and just wait until after August to see what happens. Hopefully it all works out and BTC can move on from this debate
EDIT: got carried away and forgot my original point from the comment. I'm saying that the original paper stated that miners and users were basically the same thing. This TRON movement of miners vs users is fucking stupid
@_date: 2017-05-15 00:26:55
However fractional reserve is taken into account when calculating the different money supplies. And it's not also a magic number they can just lend. Yes they can lend more than they have on reserve. But they can't lend more that they are allowed to have in total by the central authority. This is done because you have different levels of money supply. It's still not "printing as much as they want when they want" as your comment makes it seem. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:15:08
Well this is a stupid metric to compare
@_date: 2017-05-15 00:46:10
Gotta take into account  that the faster the money moves from hand to hand, the more taxes it generates which means more revenue for the government, and the US is a tax based economy so pretty important for the money to keep flowing at all time 
@_date: 2017-05-26 12:03:29
Shhhhhhh bb you're going to ruin  his Axa/Bildeberg/Illuminati rhetoric about destroying bitcoin 
@_date: 2017-05-25 13:09:15
If you sell/buy USD from complete strangers then you are doing it wrong. People have groups of friends and family and networks are created where you have people that buy/sell USD. be it because they have a store and they need to  bve constantly buying USD, or someone that's planning on leaving the country and is buying as much USD as possible, etc. 
As I stated on my post (which I guess you missed) you talk to your friends/family on whatsapp and ask who's buying//selling. To this date, I haven't run into any trouble, nor has any of my friends, family, coworkers or anyone I know that buys/sells USD. 
Also you are also "wiring" bitcoin to a stranger on whatsapp. How do you think you're going to buy/sell BTC into the local currency to buy food and supplies? 
There are systems as well, you use localbitcoin, etc. But that's still sending money to a stranger.
And as far as anonimity, you're screwed there, because there isn't enough cash around to buy/sell USD with cash. 3000$ would be literally a duffel bag in Bolivares in cash. our highest currency  thats widely available is 100 Bolivares. They released 500 to 20000 but those bills are extremely rare and I've personally only seen 2 500 bills and 1 2000 bill. 
So you have to wire money to your account here locally or the one in the US. so in either case (USD or Bitcoin) that "stranger" will see your name on either side of the chain. 
With USD, you have a much bigger chance that a family member or friend actually buys/sells USD from/to you . Using bitcoins, although more anonymous from the BTC side, would be more risky on the local side as it would be strangers, and they would see your name from your bank account. Or they would need to know your name AND ID number to transfer to your bank account
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:46:51
Sorry, didn't think you meant it as  a joke  I've seen more than one people that think they are different companies 
@_date: 2017-05-07 12:41:04
I'm from Venezuela, this is not quite 100% right. People are not really paying bitcoin to Amazon to bring food to Venezuela,  not saying it doesn't happen but it's not the majority. Food brought from outside is even more expensive than food bought from resellers. Especially if you taka eon to account the courier service. 
Now there is a growing community of bitcoin users, also miners in Venezuela. A few has been arrested in big profile mining operations for bullshit reasons. Obviously the police just wanted to confiscate the goldmine. 
What people are doing  a lot is using bitcoin as refuge for their money. Then use localbitcoin to trade it back to Bolivares whenever needed. 
No store or supermarket receives bitcoin for payments like in the US for example. 
Originally people would shelter their money in USD, but to do that you need to have bank accounts in the US, and as everything gets more desperate, more people want to shelter their money in stronger currency but they can't afford to go to the US to get a bank account. (either no visa, or no money). So bitcoin has been a good alternative for those that can't use USD easily. 
So using localbitcoin you can transfer Bolvares to bitcoin and back to Bolvares easily. 
I need to make the point that also there s a lot of shady shit going on Venezuela, and saving that money in bitcoin is a LOT easier than having it go through US banking system where it could get flagged and frozen. 
But for anyone reading this, if you're assuming people go to the supermarket and transfer bitcoin to the cashier and buy your groceries. This is sadly not true, yet. 
I also want to make the funny remark that the bitcoin segment showed someone buying coffee with bitcoin and also bitcoin girl paying instantly for her stuff. 
@_date: 2017-05-05 00:23:11
You really think crypto markets are unmanipulated because they're unregulated? That's funny. You have the same shit you can do in a stock market. PLUS! You can have conflict of interest to your hears content. Pump and Dump schemes without fear of punishment. Same bots out trading any human. 
Literally any "manipulation" you can do in the stock market you can do even easier I  the crypto because the market caps are lower. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:26:28
Yeah, you're making the point that BTC is better than BsF. Which I mean, fucking bottle caps are better than BsF at this point. 
My point is that the argument is not binary. It's not BsF vs BTC because 99% of the population don't want one and wouldn't give a shit about the other one. Everyone wants USD or EUR
@_date: 2017-07-11 14:07:51
I don't agree with this. Just because a an energy source is not, net positive in energy doesn't mean you don't use it. Humans get fed dead humans, it's not far fetches to thing you can't easy convert organic matter to energy via a machine. Yet humans are capable of producing some energy at a lower efficiency, and as you're being fed the remains of other humans, you re a net positive at the end. 
Your car is not net positive, you lose a SHITLOAD of energy for what you get when using your car. That doesn't mean you stop using it.
This is a fan theory at best, and a pretty far fetched one full of assumptions. 
Also the premise of "creating a complicated world" is kind of moot. It's  a computer program, programmed by other computer programs and AI, wouldn't take that much "effort" to create it. And as it was literally explained on the movies itself, the matrix was designed that way because it meant the least amount of human losses. Because when they did a parece world, people basically rejected it 
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:50:09
Thats why I said you literally have no idea how it works... and then proceeded to explain. I don't mean it as an offense I'm not saying you are stupid or anything. I personally didn't know how any of this worked at some point. I'm just suggesting you delve deeper into how macroeconomics and world economics work. 
 here is the historical inflation of the US from a website in the EU just for the sake of diversity in information. 
Money printed is not a hardcoded linear trend with inflation. If it was then you could have a machine take care of the economy. 
Inflation is not hardcored again to the increase or decrease of moneratry supply, you can have higher printing and lower inflation than another country with lower printing and higher inflation. Many factors  combined give you an inflation rate. That's why it's measured at the point where it affects the populace at best, the CPI (Consumer Price Index), take into account that this . Here is the inflation rate of the CPI in 2016    
The CPI is a basked of different products that are monitored in price to see how the purchasing power changes over time this ranges from food, services. This is inflation, it's how the prices and your purchasing power change over time (your purnchasing power needs to decrease year over year as an incentive for you to make more money, this is inflation in a nutshell)
First you have to take into account compound interest. a couple percentage a year over 20 year is a lot more than inflation * 20. This throws some people off because we're used to just doing Inflation rate * 20 years and done. 
Now you bring money supply m0 into this, again show me where I said that printing money relates directly and linearly to inflation? I said that printing money is used to achieve a specific inflation profile that's planned. Normally the more you print the more inflation you make, but if you have a booming economy, it could decrease your inflation rate. Meaning the US needs to print even more money (they also do other things like control interest rates and pass laws that affect this) to bring the ifnlation rate back to the 2-3% they normally want every year. 
You have to take into account another thing that a lot of people in Bitcoin miss, Bitcoin wants to go as high as possible without a care in the world on vaolatility because we all make money (I have Bitcoin as well so my point here is not to trash Bitcoin or anything ), this is really good for a commodity but not that good for a currency. A country like the US or the European Union don't want their currencies to fly into the sun like crazy and jump up and down with high volatility, the true strenght of a currency is not the value of 1 note but the stability of it. A house will be worth a house in the end, if you buy it for 120000 USD or about 13.5 million Yen,  those numbers themselves don't mean anything because even though 1 USD is worth 112 times 1 Yen, the guy earning in Yen earns a lot more of it so it kind of balances out. What important for the USD is for it to be consistent and stable, because stable currency let's someone like google invest in a mutibillion dollar proyect with projected cashflows all the way to 5-10 years and be able to calculate more accurate financials of every proyect. That means safer investment which means more companies are lured to invest in the US. If the USD moved all over the place like Bitcoin or Ethereum, Google could go.. well, we could invest 5 billion dollars in this proyect and earn 25 billion in revenue for the next 10 years... but we have no idea what the Internal rate of return or the net present value is because we have no clue how much that 25 billion will be worth. So let's do this in Europe where the EUR is nice and stable and we have a better idea of the financials.
As a fun fact, look at the inflation in the US in 1974 and read   this.  There was a global recession happening that shot up inflation all over the place.  UK had a 17% inflation rate that year.  Crazy for those economies to have that high of an inflation. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:05:17
No, its the same thing. It's either CODE IS LAW, or CODE IS NOT LAW. If you believe CODE IS LAW no matter how fucked up it is. then both the DAO hack and the BTC overflow bug are in that respect only the same thing. The hack was made by bad code, the bitcoin bug happened because of bad code. Both codes gave a result. In Ethereum it was that the hacker had 50 million and access to 100 more. In Bitcoin the code result said that 2 wallets had 92 billion BTC each. 
A Bug is a"transaction that wasn't originally intended a well"  A Bug is literally code doing somthing different that what you expected, not all bugs mean crash. Some give bad results. 
Also "legally the hacker" doesnt exist because ther eis no law regarding this or the DAO. So everything has to be solved socially or programmatically. 
And yes, you can literally hack by using the software that's intended. A keylogger stealing your private key as you type it is not bringing some tools from mars to read your CPU's computations. It's literally using code available in your computer and it's own hardware to execute code and have an unintended effect. 
Most hacks are based on value overflows as well, making shit behave unexpectedly. The only difference between the DAO HAck and the BTC Value overflow is that one was intended with malice and the other one was innocent fuckup. But both are based on code that was available at the time and executed.
So yeah, you are free to go and use ETC all you want and claim that code is law while changing the BTC code whenever it's required because "its different!!!"  
And then we disagree, Rolling back a chain to fix a hack or theft or whatever you want to call it that risks the entire network's survivaility is definelty OK in my book. And also OK in a great majority of the community. 
If it was so bad the majority of the community would've chosen to simpply oppose it in geth and ETC would be the majority chain. 
We as a community decided that Code is not law. and that we'd rather fix shit and move on than stagnate 2 years over changing 1 line of code or implementing Segwit. 
In hindsight it worked just fine. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 11:56:37
I posted d on my comment. Localbitcoin is the exchange of choice for people to swap btc to bsf
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:22:59
There are no silver coins of any kind in circulation in Venezuela. 
Also, even though the currency here is shit, you can't legally accept any other currency in here. There is strict currency control (one of the reasons why the inflation is so high, besides the reckless money printing )
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:30:11
Probably a contract, probably has to declare your revenue at the end of the month and they correlate to point of sales revenue in their system. Any big deviation and will probably trigger some kind of audit. 
If the restaurant decides not to make a receipt and take the cash with no paper trail. That can give you trouble with the irs
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:11:38
I don't agree with your opinion there. Market share doesn't really care about the supply. Else there would not exist inflation. If there was less ETH on the market the price would be higher, if supply doubled, price would lower. 
In regards to FOMO, that can be said about any crypto including BTC. 
Now sure ETH went a bit crazy these past couple days. Sure a lot of people got in the wagon following the wave. But the same exact thing could be said of BTC these past couple days. It broke 1300 and FOMO kicked in and helped it get to 1600.
Its all speculative at the end. There is no news about BTC that supported the rally. I'm personally thinking people are betting o  the Segwit activation in LTC to break the stalemate down the road and are betting on the rumor to sell on the news later on. 
Eth has had some good news lately about general adoption, but nothing that would give you a 100% rally IMO. As I said, all speculative. But your don't really "quashed" anything, because your opinion about the different supply affecting market cap is just that. Your opinion. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:19:54
Except we don't know that. Maybe the 2 women are lying , maybe he did fuck them without a condom when they explicitly said they wanted him to wear a condom. We won't know because there is no due process. Witnesses were not cross examined to see if it was true, defendant was not interviewd under oath to see what he said about it. 
We believe that he would've been extradited to gitmo and that's it. But we don't really know
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:26:24
Everyone I hear about 1st mover advantage I can't stop think about blockbuster. 
Yes there is first mover advantage. But there is also death by obsolescence or failing to adapt quickly to new situations 
Let's hope it doesn't come to that 
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:23:02
No,  even if there is no technical problem. If something creates a 30% book slippage  circuit breaker a get tripped. When shit like  9/11 happens, they close down the markets to let the market cool off and people stop panic killing the market 
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:31:57
Go to any exchange, look at the order book and see how much it would take to lower btc to 33%. I would look it up and just give you the numbers but I'm out and on the phone. 
But you can easily check that and it's not that much money. 
Any of the coins on 1 exchange can be manipulated with this, they are simply shallow markets. Now ethereum ha shifter volatility than bitcoin at the moment so if you wanted to do this on purpose it would make sense to crash that. But this happened on LTC 5 days ago. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 08:39:09
Venezuela ha shad currency control way before bitcoin existed. And yes there is a black market. And the same restrictions exist for bitcoin as they do for USD. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:22:43
no, it has the same thing as bitcoin. You pay higher fees if you want, and miners choose what they want to mine. Logic would dictate that miners will prioritize you if you are paying more in gas. Problem is some miners have decided to mine empty to low tx blocks because it makes more money in rewards (I think BTC had this problem once). 
It's definitely something that ethereum has to look into and fix in the future. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 12:14:12
I meant that it could be fixed with support from the community and move on, instead of just sitting and watching it burn and say "oh well, the principles of crypto say we can't fix this so let's just let it burn and we all lose our money" 
The Dao fork was a bailout but not because of bad investments, it was  a bailout because of a hack. 
If tomorrow banks in the US get hacked and a shit load of people get their money stolen, at worst they can get it back by fdic insurance. That I'm itself is a bailout and its not wrong.
I personally don't believe "code is law", I don't believe the world is black and white. Shit happens and we need to be able to come together and compromise and take actions to fix said "shit". 
In the case of the Dao, they made a fork, if people didn't like it, that fork would've died and etc would be the majority chain right now. 
When I talk community I talk everybody, miners, holders, developers, EF, etc. 
What I don't want is for something to happen and then we sit and argue with each other about how dangerous or not dangerous a solution might be for 2 years like it happened to bitcoin 
@_date: 2017-06-26 19:14:46
the true trading is seeing a drop so far ahead that you actually sell before the site goes down
@_date: 2017-06-06 08:33:59
Emm ETH, Zcash, Monero?  Sure, a 1 coin locked mining machine is probably more versatile and less risky than a coin agnostic mining machine. If btc mining with that specific ASIC becomes unprofitable for a large segment. Like it happens all the time with bitcoin, then the entire production line goes to shit and sales dry up and they're stuck. GPU mining lets you switch to whatever profitable coin is. ETH goes PoS? Switch to zcash? Or Sia. Not profitable anymore, switch to a different one, and so on and so on. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 13:32:26
So what happens if your phone gets stolen? You lose access to everything that was on the authenticator? 
This is literally my fear and why I'm always stressing over 2FA. If I have multidevicr, I can have a backup phone at home that can access all my stuff but it opens the door to hackers. On the other hand, if I don't and my phone gets stolen I probably lose access to everything. 
I don't know what to do 
@_date: 2017-06-13 11:30:45
If you don't understand how it benefits even if it s a private blockchain. Then you really don't understand how speculative markets work. Which are both bitcoin and ethereum BTW. 
People keep asking "why is Eth worth 400$?"  well, why exactly is bitcoin worth 3000$? There is nothing of value pegged at bitcoin either. The price is pure speculation, it's worth 3000$ because people are willing to pay that price for 1. Just like people are willing to pay 400$ for 1 Eth. Massive amount of people are willing to pay that simply because they think it will be worth more in the future. 
Now given that both markets are speculative in nature, why does the EEA help the ethereum price? 
First of all its marketing, more companies talking about their ethereum based projects drums up investors for other projects. Also more companies working on ethereum blockchain means more developers learning how to work on the ethereum blockchain. Either from the first point, or their current projects for their private blockchain this means that they can also create more "content" for the public chain as well. 
Also its been stayed that they want to beige the different private chains with the public chain so although that's a bit vague, all of those things mean the same thing. More ethereum adoption, sure they're not buying millions worth of ethereum, but that's the shortsighted version of it. 
People buying Eth at 400$ are banking that some time in the future, this increased popularity of Eth makes someone out in the world go "hmmm this Ethereum stuff sounds really cool, maybe I should buy one" and then the original person sells it for 401$. 
It's as simple as that. 
Just like most people buying bitcoin eight now are not escaping the horrors of a dictatorial state trying to protect their money. Most people are speculating on bitcoin just as well. 
Now is it a bubble? Maybe. For every whalepanda there is another saying that it's not a bubble. I can't see the future so no idea. I'll cash out some of my profit eventually, take out my initial investment st least and then hold the rest for a long time. Maybe it pays off, maybe it doesn't. Such is the risk of speculative investing. 
@_date: 2017-06-24 11:21:14
Pretty simple. Go every bitcoin and ETH subreddit. What do you see? People again how awesome GDAX is for this. Kraken had a flash crash a month ago and didn't do it. I'm sure a lot of day traders (which are the market demographic for GDAX) are rushing to use GDAX now instead of kraken because they think they can have lower risk for the same reward as "GDAX will reimburse me in the future" 
I mean it's fishy if you think they're doing it our of the goodness of their hearts. But it's not fishy in general. They calculated that the cost of doing this is lower than the upside of the massive good pr. Which comes also next to a lot of bad por vlicity because of service outages. 
This should be seen just like a pr campaign, they saw the opportunity, calculated and executed the campaign. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:30:32
I would suggest that if you're going in the "paper hiddden in the house route" you should probably try to get a cyrptosteel like solution. In case of a fire burning down your house.
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:51:39
difference being that they would have to invest in new factories to make ASIScs right ? for mining they would make the same chip itself. Just a difference reference design and let the partners come up with different OC and cooling solutions. 
One of the 2 takes  a lot les CAPEX
@_date: 2017-06-21 17:18:54
OK, let me rephrase, Eth normally has about 70-80% of btc's tx/day with no scaling issue except on borderline DDOS days like big ICOs including the BAT, Bancor and Status ICOs. Even on the bancor ICO, network only had problems with backlog for a few hours even though it had more txs than btc. 
Status has been much worse but also much bigger TX than bancor. 
But hey, if you believe both chains are scaling equally, then that's cool. 
What I mean thy artificial is that it's self imposed. Landmass on earth is a limit, block size is as much of a limit as you want it to. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 19:12:24


Jesus christ my entire point which you completely missed is that comparing peaks is fucking stupid. I showed those just to show how retarded this post is because it's taking an abnormal day and putting it like we suddenly crossed a threshhold and now we're in bitcoinland with massive scaling issues. 
The original post subthread here is about how intellectually dishonest that statement is based on the Status ICO stats. I merely reinforced showing just how big a peak it was compared to "normal day"  you're the one that started to say that bitcoin does X amomunt per day and whatnot. I was just showing the data from outgoing txs from MEW's node. thats not the network jsut what they handled. Take that as you will. 
My point, and it stands, is that comparing  "Oh look, how ETH lagged yesterday!!!  its fucking worthless" is a stupid argument. 
If you really think Ethereum is scaling the same as bitcoin,or that bitcoin is scaling just fine, then I really don't have anything else to talk to you about. Really, it's such an illogical stance that it would just be a waste of time for both of us. 
So I'm just out, sure, ETH can't handle the txs bitcoin does! OMG how can it be like bitcoin. I guess they better lock down the block size to 1Mb so when it grows up it can be just like bitcoin. 
If you want to thik that Status ICO is just a regular day for eth, then fine. have a good one!
@_date: 2017-07-05 13:09:45
You really think clock speed is the end all be all? How many flops did that cpu have in 2007 and how many flops can we process now? That's the real measurement you should be listing 
@_date: 2018-12-11 08:48:05
What are you talking about? This isn't stolen diamonds. Getting USD or selling USD in Venezuela is easy as shit. Fuck ton of people are looking to do both.  There is a black market rate, and you get always something close to that. I don't lelive in Venezuela anymore, in last year when I did  the black market rate was between 1000x and 10000x. It was so bad that you need to graph it in log scale.
Earlier this year, the government increased their official rate by a lot. And right now the black market rate is somewhere above 500 BsS, and the official one is 212 BsS
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:00:59
that's just the data from that node man. That's not the entire network. Sorry if I didn't specify on the other comment. 
If you look at Tx/day graphs you can see that ETH is doing about 70% of BTC on an average day. What I meant is that that flat line, on that graph is a normal day for ETH. MEW is a node but you can expect the same spike on every node. 
I don't have data for every node so I can't give you an absolute number. 
My point was that the ammounts of transactions yesterday were A LOT more than a regular day so saying "haha look at eth burning like nothing" is dishonest because its a very very special and not common day. 
My other point is that it's cherry picking data too support an argument.
here you can see the day tx foor both coins. 
If I wanted to cherry pick data like this entire post, I would say that Jun 12th had more ETH txs than BTC and yet we had 0 backlog. can't say the same from bitcoin can you? so I'm guessing I can do 292k tx in a day better than BTC's 268k in a day. which would be equally dishonest
So, cherry picking data is bad, and this post is bad because it's basically cherry picking data in a single point to validate a rhetoric. 
@_date: 2017-06-24 22:40:18
This has nothing to do with my point. Money for me is the same. Just go to coinbase, wire to my bank account and use the debit card. In both scenarios we ran into the same KYC with coinbase / kraken. 
Now if you could wire or use debit card with crypto without going through any of the gist exchanges. Then yeah your point would be completely 100% right. But even the crypto cards are only being sent to China and some Asian countries, specifically because they have the same problems as the exchanges in the US. 
Unless we have massive retail and peer to peer adoption of cryptos to the point where you can say your rent is 1.2 Ether a month and pay with crypto every grocery, food and service you need without going through a bank then we'll be held back by crypto / fiat exchanges. 
A decentralized exchange will probably lot work for fiat because you would still need to send the money somewhere, and those account will be probably flagged in microseconds for darknet/money laundering so sending fiat to a decentralized (how do you even do decentralized fiat? Whose bank account are you sending money as escrow) will probably get you account frozen 
@_date: 2017-06-24 15:46:46
The title still doesn't really make sense. You can have uses for decentralization within a centralization. Mainly for backup and redundancy purposes. 
A country doing a national currency in a blockchain can still have its uses from the government perspective without losing the control of the currency. It's not decentralized like bitcoin is, but the government can have many nodes validating transactions and have a multilocation extremely redundant backup system for money spending. 
Sure it's not "bitcoin".. Bit to think the only use of blockchain is complete decentralization and wrest power from governments is naive st best 
@_date: 2017-06-24 16:09:48
Except none of the decentralized exchanges have crypto / fiat avenues IIRC. 
Sure you can trade between cryptos and shit. But eventually. You need fiat to pay rent and groceries. The biggest barrier for crypto right now is fiat exchanges. And there are rules in con tries that banks and money services need to follow. 
That's where KYC comes from. Anti money laundering laws and such. 
Exchanges don't want for you to wait 2 or 3 b weeks to get verified before you can give them money. It's all because of the current laws. 
Which won't get better as the more popular cryptos become, the more popular they become for money laundering 
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:13:10
alternatively you can just encrypt the living shit out of the seed and give it to all of them and have the password on the safe deposit box, In some kind of code. Saves you 1 safe.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:25:00
Sometimes you find the bad guys by making them make a mistake. You say publicly that you know where they are. Then one of them get careless, panics, goes out to the store to check whats going on, etc. Gets spotted, or tailed, etc. 
In this same manner, maybe they've been watching those coins for years now and they won't move. So they come out saying they have found them.  Maybe one of the bad guys panics and moves the coins around, if they just transfer to other wallets its easy to keep tracking them. If they make the mistake of getting into an exchange or something that's not anonymous or try to cash them etc. Then they get caught, etc
@_date: 2017-06-24 22:33:20
You are probably in a very very very small. Minority that doesn't percibe this as "FREE FUCKING MONEY BAILOUT WOOOOOOOO" 
Also, they are not reversing any trades, and them doing this doesn't prove that they are insolvent. 
You are just assuming that. 
You don't know what they've been doing with all their profit. Ma be they put it all on ETH ico and now multiplied their holding and this is literally a drop in the bucket. We simply don't know 
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:16:30
It's not that it's delusion, it's that it snot the norm. 
If I wanted to cherry pick my data, like a week and a half ago there was a day that had more Txs in ETH than in BTC and yet there was 0 backlog on ETH and still a backlog on BTC. 
So like the originas poster said, let's not be intellectually dishonest. 
This is the APEX of cherry picking data to support your argument. 
Does Eth have a problem yesterday and today? sure. Yesterday we had Status.im ICO which was doing at the worst about 80000 txs a n hour! Just from the data from myetherwallet.com  
Check this tweet 
This is MEWs data after every ICO. See that flat line down there, thats a normal day in ETH and about 70 to 80% of BTC's tx volume. Look at the peak we had yuesterday. 
So yeah, that peak would come to bitcoin, you would be ddealing with that backlog for weeks.  Ethereum will be cleared ina  few hours and that was it. If anything, its freaking impressive stress testing to be honest. 
So yeah, can ETH handle a status type ICO every day? no it cant't but to say "this is fine.jpg" in bitcoin because Eth had scaling problems 1 veryu very very special day is putting your head in the sand.
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:39:27
I was going with Keepkey becasue it looks sleek as hell. But finally went to Trezor because it has erc20 integration and unlocks on Myetherwallet which does all my ETH/tokens stuff. 
LEdger would take longer to ship. So Trezor it was
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:15:41
Wouldn't surprise me if AMD came out with a mining specific line of cards. Cut the corners where they're not needed. Beef up memory instead of gpu, the OC versions would have stock OC memory and undervolter GPU already, etc. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 03:21:39
It's really not that interesting Panic &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Fomo. 
When corrections happen you have a shit load of people panic selling, you have a shit load ad of people buying those panic Sells. And a shitload of people going OH SHIT and rebuying when they see the price bounce. 
On the other hand when you're at an ATH, volume tends to slow down, you have holders and newcomer are most of the time waiting for an entry point. And an ATH is never a good entry point. 
So a correction has a lot more volume that a simple ATHalso a bullrun like ethereum today, And a correction on the same day is like asking everyone to panic buy and panic sell all over the place 
@_date: 2017-05-08 18:26:57
Thank you very much for taking the time and explain it to me. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 03:24:26
You do understand coinbase makes money from you buying in Or cashing out right? They really don't care if you made or lost money.  They just want you to move back and forth so they get their cut. There is literally no reason for them to shut off on purpose unless their idea is to make less money. 
@_date: 2017-06-24 23:38:10
No they haven't yet they did so it stands to reason that the PR of the bailout is better than the PR from just carrying on. I mean look at all the social media about it. It's all about Good Guy GDAX, instead of the regular "Fuck you" Service unavailable page meme. 
It is good PR to do it, you might not agree witht it. I think they created a dangerous precedent with this and I hope they have it figured out so that it never happens again, because it's going to be aPR nightmare if this happens again and they don't bail out in the future
@_date: 2017-06-13 10:48:41
10% of bitcoin with the same volume you mean? Last time I checked yesterday the median was 0.15$ with the same transaction volume as btc (high day for Eth vs low day for BTC) 
So what exactly is your point? 
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:15:49
Sooooo yeah, Nvidia already announced a Mining Card, which I guess AMD might follow sometime later. GeForce 1060GP106-100 . 
So I guess Nvidia are gamblers. And their cards are not even as sold out as the AMD ones are
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:21:24
Actually yeah. When big shit happens or you have massive book slippage they activate circuit breaker and stop all trading to see wtf is going on 
@_date: 2017-06-24 11:24:40
Good pr? Customer retention? A lot of kraken day traders migrating to their platform making them more money in the long run. 
I don't see how people see it as a "mistery". 
Pretty straightforward to me 
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:42:49
Whats the difference between just putting your seed word in a safe deposit box on a bank. And put that deposit box in your will to your family?
You die, they get the box, the seed, they unlock the wallet, they have the money. 
Alternatively, if you trust in Last Pass, you could have your seed there and they have a system where an authorized email can log in and you have like X ammount of days to deny the connection. IF you don't (because you're dead) then that person can log into your last pass and get all your passwords and info. Seed could be there as well as login info for coinbase, etc
@_date: 2017-06-13 10:18:15
I would answer all tour questions. But you're being an asshole on top of retarded. So I think I'll just not waste my time with you anymore. 
is &lt;--- that way 
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:46:02
Just put the seed word on a piece of paper, put it in a safe deposit box and make a will and leave it there. If you die, your wife gets it, if you both die, your kids get it , if everyone dies your brother gets it, whatever you choose to do with the rest of your stuff. That safe deposit box with the key is in the same plan. 
If you want ot be extra careful, get 2 deposit boxes and put half and half. 
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:52:06
A will, with an attorney and all that thing gives additional attack vectors for a hacker? what are they going to do? go to your funeral dressed as your wife and claim to be her and get your trezor pin from the lawyer? 
Seed word on a safety deposit box,get 2 of them if you have so much money even the lawyers would risk their entire career and life stealing the box. Put half the seed words on each paper on each deposit box. Then put the deposit boxes on your will like any other stuff you will leave behind.
Having a deadman swtich actually gives more attack vectors. First of all, what happens if the swtich is activated? What does the trezor do actually? The Key is inside the device, not on a server, so the device itself can't send the key anywhere. You can't have the keys on a server to be sent when deadman switch is activated because ti would instantly defeat tthe purpose of the trezor. 
And lets say you find a way to get the key out and sent to your wife. Any way it sends it creates an attack vector for a hacker. email? maybe they compromised her account. txt msg? maybe they just steal her phone. 
At the end it's a sterile discussion because the whole purpose of the Trezor is that it the key can't leave the device unless you use the seed words. 
So the best option is to teach your family the pin to your trezor and jus leave them the device. Or the safe deposit box for the seen like I said
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:22:17
That's really really really not happening in Venezuela. That piece is misleading as fuck. 
Source: am Venezuelan.
Most people here wouldn't even be able to afford buying food from outside using bitcoins or USD or anything. 
I personally use bitcoin to trade USD to Bolivares whenever I need through localbitcoins. 
Most people that use bitcoin in Venezuela are either storing wealth, or working as exchange houses in localbitcoin making money from the spread or having it from mining reward. 
BUt very very very very few people would afford even paying a courier to bring food here from the US. 
I've personally done it for some things I can't find here, but didn't use Bitcoin, just regular USD
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:06:24
thats because most people have no fucking clue how to run a team even less a company. Things like worker's happiness, morale, low turnover rate etc are good things for the company. 
Companies actually set out budgets for a christmas party, for events, vacations, "team building weekend", etc. It's not a waste of money because if you do it your employee efficiency is higher in general that if you dont. 
20 engineers or workers or whatever happy as shit give you a lot more in 3 months than if you had 15 workers all pissed off, burned out and not giving a shit about their project. You lose more in lost productivity than what you spent on the vacation, etc. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:58:59
Backlog is a bad thing if its hampering the network and you have ot pay 1+$ in fees if you want to get your fee validated on the same day. 
And how do you need a backlog for miners to extend the chain ? miners keep mining blocks even if they are empty, the chain is still extending. That didn't make sense to me. Could you please elaborate. 
Either wya, again, my point is that this post is cherry picking data. If you think ETH goes through this every single day and we have trouble sending transactions then fine. you're free to believe it. I showed you that ETH has basically the same tx/day as BTC with no scaling issue except on borderline DDOS volumes like yesterday because of the biggest ICO ever. 
If you think having a massive backlog is a good thing then fine i guess? I don't agree but you're free to think what you want.
@_date: 2017-06-06 08:27:43
Making a different chip isn't just loading a different file and clicking print. 
Making chips is a very specialized process. ASICS are very simple chips compared to gpus, but even them I doubt you could just easily repurpose a GPU factory line to make bitcoin ASICS 
@_date: 2017-06-21 18:20:34
Ok, obviously you want to be obtuse for the saake of being.  you brought bancor becuase that day it was 298k for ETH and 262k for BTC, 292 &gt; 268 . Also you re not addressing the fact that during that day with "equal" (and I put that in quotes as that was Jun 12th and from the grph you sent back shows those numbers and I guess 292 is equal to 268) had no slowdown on the network except for the exact moment of the ICO. We don't even know the total txs from the Status ICO.
So you can keep trying to say thisisfine.jpg and be happy that ETH has been having a rough day and completely missed the point. 
ETH has a 8k backlog for a remarkable day, bitcoin has 27k backlog for a regular boring and nothing happened day both hovering right now at close to the same tx/day. 
You can say the more backlog you have the better, I completely disagree. Eth doesnt seem to have a problem with no backlog and "incentives not to orphan blocks"
If you think 1Mb blocks are a necessity, sure you can believe that. I really don't care for the bitcoin debate anymore. I actually live in one of those "affected countries where block size would be catastrophic". But Im not going to get into a bitcoin block size debate with you because that's just a waste of time.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:19:53
Wow, it's almost as if like... different people... populate a subreddit?  with different opinions and such?  is that.... is that possible? Can someone be pro ICO and another person anti ICO? wow, mind blown here! wow!
@_date: 2017-06-21 16:51:27
Bitcoin has block space limited onpurpose, very different thing. 
Im not saying thisis the first time it happens. It happens whenever there is a big ICO going on. Last one was Bancor which didnt even come close to the congestion we have now. I used the network that day and saw no delay on any of my transactions. 
My point was that cherry picking data is bad. If you think picking yesterday is not cherry picking data, i dont know what to say. Chekc the past 90 days and compare maybe? idk man. You seem to really like waiting a long time for your txs to go through. And no, block space doesnt have to be limited to 1Mb so thats an artificial limitation
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:21:03
Well Raiden is supposed to be ETH's second layer solution and PoS should massively improve transactions per unit time. 
I think PoS will validate every 4 seconds or so. And because there is no mining race, I guess it can be tweaked to go even faster over time? it would be a matter of upgrading Casper alone. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:16:01
I seriously believe we all underestimate crypto in general. You'll see bitcoin people laugh at ETH going down, and then It's back up a couple days later. You'll see Eth people laughing at bitcoin burning (i myself have fallen for this) when it drops and chant flippening flippening, etc. 
I hope that one day we can just understand that this intracrypto tribalism is bullshit and that the "enemy" this is supposed to fight is just sitting on the sidelines laughing their asses off at us bickering at eachother aobut which coin is a scam or a pump and dump or the myspace etc. 
I hope that one day we do learn to coexist. 
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:20:03
probably worth a pretty penny by now