@_author: dailytrader
@_date: 2014-09-27 17:55:21
my bank doesn't publicly broadcast my spend, and regulation is in place to protect my privacy. Plus I can spend in cash notes. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 19:39:41
"in the most paranoid scenario", you mean in the scenario that is one which someone would be concerned about their privacy otherwise know as a key point behind bitcoins success (expected anonymity) which clearly there is none.
Bitcoin can obviously be tracked to identity. If what you mean by most paranoid scenario, you mean a situation in which people try to act in such a way, which compares to the goal of bitcoin (privacy), then I think you'd have to classify everybody as paranoid (it's the reason they have bitcoin in the first place).
Bitcoin can be tracked. So your solution is that we need to, in order for all to stay private, switch back and forth between wallets. So not only are you failing to address a problem, your solution is to use more exchanges, or lets imagine a third party which does this transfer to alt and back countless times automatically, thus more exchanges and third parties (moving more and more away from one of bitcoins original ideas) 
@_date: 2014-09-27 17:33:27
Are you trying to transfer to a cold storage account? Do you have more than 6c in your account? 
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:51:11
But what I'm saying is your employer will know your address, as will the exchanges. With money, and banking, my employer knows my address, but he can't see my spend details. With bitcoin, he/she can see both. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:52:09
Dark Wallet is not perfect, same problem.
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:49:44
Okay, if you watch me go into a shop and spend money, you can't check my private details. My bank protects them in this respect. Yes my bank does other things but that is far from this argument, and most of this is of benefit to me, and the wider community. 
If I however watched you spend your bitcoin in a shop, I check the shop details online, check their address out and I have your entire shopping history at my disposal. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 17:43:55
So if I employ you, I pay you in these different wallets (for different addresses), one leather, one made of silk, and one made from wool. So you've broken it up... how exactly do I forget I put the money in those three wallets, and how do I forgot who owns the wool, leather and silk wallet. I mean I paid you I should know how to pay you. 
I may have made a stupid assumption that the employer would know the employees name. Although I doubt this.
Basically you've got a wool, leather, and silk wallet. Once I pay you, I just note your name and the wallet paid. From that point any wallet you transfer to I can track that, all from the first wallets. So you move from the leather to the nylon, to the wicker and so on, and this does nothing to stop me from seeing this.
As an employer I would then, after developing a very simple piece of software to auto-manage this, have created a list of your spending habits. Thinking large scale, those who own business can predict future spending, and can invest for almost certain profit. 
Cash doesn't expose your id. Video cameras combined with you physically spending that money id you to that, although with a lot more difficulty than bitcoin. How do you get bitcoins - you have to show ID as well. So again, once you have one key, unless you exchange to money (p2p) and then back to bitcoin (p2p) privately I might add (i.e. without need of ID) then you just have this system in which you change wallets for no real point (it can be tracked). You just create this market for exchanges so people can attempt to stay private while others make money from exchange as usual. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 19:22:24
can you not just track from the original address to this new address on blockchain. No matter how many times you move wallet. A simple program can grab that sort of data.
@_date: 2014-09-27 19:44:42


so what you get paid in cash, launder money, then transfer it to an address. So bitcoin only works as long as cash money works is the first thing I notice. Secondly I'm talking about getting paid in bitcoin, from an employer (assuming a world in which bitcoin supposedly works and is trying to be used as the norm). Lastly you are a third party, which is just a stupid stupid idea. 