@_author: dalebewan
@_date: 2016-08-05 14:27:54
As far as I can tell, it basically says that within the EU, you will have to link wallets to real people, essentially mandating that they can no longer be pseudonymous.
I could be completely wrong though, which is why I asked here.
@_date: 2016-08-05 19:57:05
Buy elephant turds while cheap.  They're going to go up!
Full disclosure: I own neither elephants nor elephant turds, however there is a zoo within walking distance where I might be able to acquire them if they somehow start becoming valuable.
@_date: 2018-01-22 10:45:46
You can have a “limited trust” situation by allowing (probably paying) someone to watch your channel for you and ensuring the other end doesn’t try to close with an old state (stealing funds). This “watchdog” can’t steal from you but can push the newest state should anyone try to push an older one. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:32:58
And this is exactly the point I was highlighting.  "Bad people doing bad things" is a terrible reason to restrict the use of money.  It's exactly why I am interested in bitcoin to begin with.
By the way, thanks for calling me "kid".  At my age, that doesn't happen often.
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:44:04
LSD from Silk Road.
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:02:04
I'd imagine either very low or very high depending on whether or not Exchanges adopt it and start acting as hubs.
If you ask about end of 2020 though, I'd say that either it's near universally adopted, or never will be (bitcoin however would continue to be fine as a store of value rather than a day to day currency).
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:10:35
I'd alter that last part to: "*Rinse and repeat until the currency is more widely spread*".
Generally (but admittedly not always), every time whales do this sort of thing, a little more of the total BTC ends up distributed out than was before from new people entering the ecosystem while the price is low.  This slowly but surely reduces the effect that whales can have on the market as their holdings become lower and lower percentages of the total (even if the nominal dollar value that most are aiming for increases).  After a while, it simply no longer works as well as it did, and then not enough at all to be worth doing.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:28:31
I won't argue on the quantity of data, but I'm also forced to consider the quality of data.
The only reason I assign any value to bitcoin beyond the purely speculative is on its technical merits.  They far surpass gold and silver in essentially any metric you care to measure.  Therefore the two possible outcomes are that over time, the collective acts rationally and the value will be higher than precious metals or that the collective acts irrationally and it will not.
I've not yet seen a case that given enough time, rationality fails to win.  It's certainly true that in both the short term and on an individual scale, humans are horribly irrational creatures, but over the long term and on mass scale, we're pretty predictable really and it tends to be to follow/use the most efficient and effective systems.
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:24:29
If my Mum already has a channel open to the local coffeeshop as well as the local bakery, then by opening a channel to her means I only need to open one channel instead of two.
Of course, in the real world, there are a couple of differences:
1. My Mum probably won't have those direct channels.  She'll have a channel somewhere else which indirectly connects her to those services.
2. I won't select who I open a channel with manually.  This will be automated by my software since I really don't care (if I do care, I'll use software that lets me do things more manually, but most people won't need to).
Point  is often overlooked.  It's very important because this "mesh" style of network is best managed in an automated manner.  Humans are not the best at optimising things, especially when we consider that a well set up network will route payments through channels to help balance them in order to allow for longer-lived channels than in a pure hub and spoke model (which is what people would likely do if left up to their own devices).
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:22:04
I'd argue we have low segwit adoption *because* of a lack of strong use case for it by those making the transactions (note that segwit in general reduces fees, but most exchanges don't care that much about fees since they're passing them on to the users).
Arguing no one will use Lightning because the segwit adoption is low is essentially backwards.  People will adopt segwit in order to use Lightning.
@_date: 2018-01-22 06:21:52
Or you could even do the mass equivalent of the energy used:  E=mc^2
Which tells us that bitcoin is pretty damned light.
@_date: 2018-01-13 11:08:42
Definitely looking forward to this, especially if they start doing POS retail here like they do in Japan.
On one visit to Japan a few months back, I had a great interaction with Bitflyer.  I went and bought my kids a couple of presents at Bic Camera and decided to pay with BTC.  I made the payment at the cashier using their 'terminal' (a smartphone with some kind of bitflyer app on it) at which point, the terminal suddenly turned off and refused to start again.  It appeared to be a hardware fault of some kind, so I'm not blaming either Bic Camera or Bitflyer for that.
The BIC Camera cashier guy then wanted me to pay with cash since he didn't have any evidence of the payment, but I could see that my bitcoin transaction had been broadcast.  He called BitFlyer and chatted away in Japanese for a bit and then handed me the phone.  The Bitflyer tech guy on the other end spoke perfect English, was able to find my transaction when I gave him the ID, and then said he could either refund me (plus transaction fees!) in BTC or issue a receipt to BIC Camera via email so they'd know I paid.  I opted for the latter, and about 30 seconds later, the cashier got another call (I assume from whoever the email goes to) to say that it all was okay and I was on my way with a handwritten receipt and lots of bowing and apologies.
So, while the purchase experience definitely was nowhere near as smooth as it could be, it was all down to really bad timing in terms of the terminal failure, and the support that bitflyer gave was absolutely top notch.
@_date: 2018-01-08 05:56:14
As long as it *can* be closed on-chain on demand by either party, then yes, I don't see why not.
If there were some changes to say that you can have permanent non-closable channels, I would then start to consider it to be something else.  As far as I'm aware, that's not something that anyone has ever proposed.
@_date: 2018-01-22 04:59:04
My "break even price" is well in the negatives, since I've pulled more fiat out than I've put in.  However my total BTC holdings is also far more than my total holdings of any other currency.
That said, I don't consider the concept to be particularly meaningful.  Inflation destroys the value of fiat over time so that $1000 today isn't worth quite as much as $1000 yesterday, so if I put $1000 in at some point in the past and extracted $1000 today (hopefully with plenty of BTC left over as real profit), have I really "broken even"?
@_date: 2018-01-15 11:01:36
Here in Germany, I've been trying to buy a €12500 computer (iMac Pro) for the last two weeks.
First, I got a call from Apple making sure that I really am me and really want this thing.  Yes, yes I do.  
Then I get a call from the bank telling me there's a problem with a payment and I need to sort it out.  Oops, looks like I had a daily limit set up.  Okay, fixed.  
The payment is now marked as "preauthorised payment" and tied up as inaccessible, but still technically in my account.  
Apple call me and say that the payment didn't go through.  My bank say they're just waiting for Apple to authorise it and take the money.  Stalemate.  
After talking with Apple to figure out the best approach, I ask the bank to cancel the preauthorised payment so the funds are available to me again, and 'cancel' the order with Apple with the idea I'll do it again but select a different payment method (PayPal believe it or not).  
Half a week later, the preauthorised payment is still blocked in my bank.  Thankfully I have enough liquidity in another account, so linked that to PayPal and put the order in to Apple again.  They called me, again, just like the first time.  Hopefully though things will now go through smoothly and I only need to get the bloody bank to release those locked up funds.  It's entirely possible though that this saga will continue.  It's not over until I see the money no longer in my account and the computer delivered to my door.
Honestly, even if none of this is related to AML triggers going off somewhere, it's still far more hassle than it should be.  I have money, someone else has a product which they'll give me for a defined amount of that money.  I want the product and want to give them that amount of money for it.  Why the hell should it be so damned hard to buy something?
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:00:53
Essentially, yes. 
A custodial wallet is quite simply a wallet that someone else has control over and promises you they’ll be good (usually with legal enforcement) and let you at your money when you ask. 
PayPal is a very apt analogy, as is any traditional bank. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 13:27:48
Inflation isn't the reason for block difficulty.  If it were, then we could just have much faster blocks with lower rewards.
Security is the reason for block difficulty.  Lowering difficulty means lowering the security of the network.  So no, this is not something that should be done.
@_date: 2018-01-22 05:38:25
True, but missing the point.
Essentially I just meant to imply (without directly saying it) that I consider BTC a far better long term store of value than fiat.
@_date: 2018-01-04 11:16:10


Or a paper wallet; or an air-gapped computer; or a brain wallet...


Except you're likely not as interesting a target.  And you actually have a chance of knowing what security measures exist on your own systems vs the totally unknown security measures of someone else's system.
I'm not saying it's the right approach for everyone.  There are plenty of people who probably shouldn't be securing their own coins since they know nothing about security, but your statement seemed a little too black and white to me.
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:36:04
I personally think it's very likely.  What most people don't seem to understand about fees (but should be blatantly obvious) is that the dollar value scales with the price of bitcoin because the fees are measured in bitcoin.
A 50k satoshi fee today is much more expensive in dollar terms than a 50k satoshi fee one year ago despite being the same fee in terms of bitcoin.  If 1 bitcoin exchanges for a million USD, then 50k satoshi is $500.
That can however be more generalised as a percentage and frequency.  Ignoring both the exchange rate to fiat and the transactions per second entirely, if you only need to make one on-chain transaction per year, you might be willing to pay 10% fees on that transaction.  If you need to make around ten transactions per year, you might only be willing to pay 2%.
These percentages are something that will most likely be naturally discovered by market forces so please don't take my guesses as intending any kind of accuracy.  The demand for scaling solutions will likely fluctuate according to these market forces and how comfortable people are with the fees they are paying.
This is also incidentally why I consider blocksize only scaling to be fundamentally flawed.  The number of transactions being scaled linearly can't possibly keep up with percentage/frequency based fee acceptance.  Blocksize increases are fine once they scale non-linearly and can be tolerated by the network (e.g. if we have several layers, and mass adoption of them, there is huge fee pressure, and we have no other scaling options in front of us, it might be time to start looking at what size blocks the network can now safely handle and consider increasing to some reasonable percentage of that).
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:36:14
To be clear, Lightning itself is in no way PayPal-like and custodial wallets can and do exist without Lightning as well. 
Custodial wallets are a “bad thing” from a security and control perspective but I do expect a lot of people to use them anyway. I will certainly not be one of them. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:52:56
Yep, I’d say you’ve got it. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:00:44
The OP probably was talking about wiring money to an exchange, but the underlying problem is still the exact same thing - that "your money" isn't really yours under the traditional fiat based banking system since other people have more control over it than you do.
@_date: 2018-01-22 09:41:05
I just bought a new computer for about €12500. I don’t have that much in my daily use bank account normally (and I’m not digging in to my emergency funds for a computer). 
The computer supplier (Apple) don’t take BTC unfortunately, but if they had, I would have simply spent it directly with them. Instead, I exchanged some small BTC for euro and used that. 
I needed a new computer, so there was no question of choosing to save my BTC vs spending it. It was only a question of how much I wanted to spend. 
Essentially, BTC is my “extra money”. Everything that isn’t my day to day or emergency funds. So spending it from time to time isn’t any different to holding and then spending cash on those same things, only that BTC tends to appreciate in value nicely while euro slowly but surely declines. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:22:28
You're not joking... as a senior technical manager sitting in on those board meetings, it's getting harder and harder to listen to.
@_date: 2018-01-22 10:36:23
iMac Pro. 
Definitely no extra zero. I have expensive taste!
@_date: 2018-01-21 09:50:13


As I understand it, no one is claiming that's the case.
- Bitfinex/Tether make money the traditional way by being an exchange (i.e. fees and so on)
- Bitfinex/Tether create USDT and back it with the money in their accounts
- People choose to sell BTC or alts for USDT.
This would all work perfectly if you trust them (it's clearly not a trustless system in the slightest).  It would become a "scam" the moment that they move more USD out of their account than exists in USDT that is not held by them.
At no point is it necessary for anyone other than Bitfinex/Tether to put USD in to their bank account.
Based on this, I have no desire to ever hold USDT and I do see potential for it to cause some problems for the price of BTC and other cryptocurrencies because it's clearly a very centralised system with significant risk, but that's a very different argument than the one you're making.
Whether it's a scam or not though, it doesn't matter to me long term.  If the BTC price dips again, it's just another good buying opportunity.  It'll be up again in the long term because these kinds of games do nothing to alter the fundamental aspects of what bitcoin is.
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:15:02


Yes, that's about the sum of things.


Thankfully, the old saying "*The internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around it*" isn't just referring to human actors but indeed even the underlying protocols.  If any backbones drop or delay packets they don't like, other routes will be taken instead.  It'll be slower, but it'll be keep working.  This is why you don't find your packets being blocked by the China's Great Firewall (unless you're in China): even though there are potentially valid routes that pass through that way, they fail to deliver packets, and so get excluded as valid routes in favour of alternatives.
Honestly, my biggest concern with internet infrastructure in general is our over-reliance on DNS.  I'm kind of an old guy and remember the 'net (whether that was "ARPA-" or "inter-" was fuzzy at the time) before DNS existed.  When it came along, it seemed like a nice addition that you could *optionally* refer to hosts by a name that could be looked up by a nice tree-based structure instead of stored on your local system.  But the key word there is "*optionally*".  Right now, I think an attack on the global DNS infrastructure would be crippling.  I strongly support other decentralised alternatives to DNS, but unfortunately thus far none have really managed to get any kind of serious adoption.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:28:39
You're very welcome.
If you do happen to run in to any problems with Coinbase (or just decide you'd like to have more flexibility and freedom in managing your income), please don't give up on Bitcoin and instead take a look at the answer that gave you about BTCPayServer.
Yeah, it can seem a bit complicated for someone who really doesn't get much in to tech and might feel like it's more hassle than it's worth; but I can guarantee that once you've got it set up, you can really do some great stuff (Imagine "streaming money" coming to you at the same time as your video stream is going out to your customers) and there's no way any company, government, or whatever else can suddenly decide they "don't like" what you're doing and freeze your account or seize your money.
Basically, it'd give you the same level of freedom over your money that you also have over your content production and that definitely can't be a bad thing.  I'm sure you could probably even find someone that'd be willing to help you with the setup and configuration of everything for less than you'd be paying in Coinbase fees over a month or two.
@_date: 2019-07-17 07:19:31
For many people, it's hard to understand the potential at the beginning.  Here's my story...
When I first learned about Bitcoin (2010), I didn't spend any time thinking about the potential and trying to understand things like the impact of the economic model that it presents.  Not because these things didn't interest me, but because I had a lot of other stuff on my mind (like almost everyone does) and no one even mentioned to me that this is something that might be worth looking in to.  After solo mining a few blocks, I deleted the client (and the keys to the rewards of those blocks) because it seemed to just be running my hardware hot for no good reason.  As a software developer with lots of side-projects away from my day job, I needed those precious processing cycles for test environment virtualisation.
In 2011, I exchanged some fiat for BTC on Mt Gox so that I could buy illegal substances from Silk Road, but still didn't really think much about it from an economic standpoint.  I had about 7 BTC left over as "change" from my various purchases which I transferred back to the client on my computer.
In 2013, I started seeing a lot more discussion about it and realised this might be something worth looking in to more.  Thankfully, despite upgrading my computer I still had my 7 BTC (in a backup folder of "misc stuff" from my previous computer) and saw that it was worth significantly more than before.  I realised that not only could I potentially make a lot of money from this, but also that there must be a reason that it keeps going up in value.  Speculation bubbles happen, but this was behaving differently, so it must have some kind of real value behind it.
I finally read the whitepaper again (I'd glanced at it in 2010, but not paid that much attention) and then started consuming a lot of economic theory, game theory, and political theory.  It was clear from that point that Bitcoin isn't just an elegant technological solution to providing digital scarcity, but in fact a sociopolitical/economic marvel more than anything else.  I began putting some of my savings in to BTC and adopted a "spend and replace" attitude with the idea that actually using it would encourage adoption and so it's better than just holding.
Over time since then, as I learned more and read more, I've changed or adjusted a few of my opinions.
I've realised that on-chain transactions aren't scalable and so encouraging mass merchant adoption on-chain isn't a sensible goal.  A few merchants is fine and a positive thing since it provides more visibility, but when it comes to mass adoption, we need to be focusing on making more merchant friendly systems built around second layer technologies like Lightning, or even in many cases, custodial systems.
Another view that has changed over time is my view of custodial systems.  For a long time, I was extremely against the concept; however we accept the concept of custodianship for so many things in our lives that I now see that as long as we always have the *choice* of holding our own keys and the *understanding* of the trade-offs involved in either direction, there's not such a big problem with it.  If - right now - I were to advise a non-technical person running a bakery for example, I'd suggest to keep their ongoing business profits in an offline wallet under their own control, but enter a contract (with insurance clauses) with a payment systems provider for managing their daily transactions with customers, suppliers, and so on which then settles most of the revenue to the offline wallet.  The details of my recommendation may change as technology solutions evolve, but in general it's a matter of weighing up the risk associated with trusting a third party vs the risk of failing to manage it correctly on your own.  For the risk of the loss of one day's revenue, I don't see the value in the baker managing the necessary IT systems to have BTCPay Server set up, configured, and maintained correctly.  For a larger store or a chain of stores, this might look quite different though (any company that has their own IT staff already can almost certainly manage it).
Probably the most impactful change in my views personally is what inspired me to write this whole story out when I saw your post.  In around early to mid 2017, I realised "spend and replace" (or "don't spend at all because you have fiat that you can spend") only makes sense if you are still required to hold fiat because of your specific situation.  The very idea of it is that fiat is less valuable in the long term than Bitcoin and so any time you spend bitcoin (if ever), it should be replaced from your fiat so that your holdings of the more valuable kind of money (i.e. Bitcoin) don't go down.  When you combine that with the concept of opportunity cost, you quite quickly see that not exchanging $50 for BTC is identical to spending $50 worth of BTC and not replacing it.  The logical conclusion to this is that holding any more fiat than you actually need is identical to valuing that fiat higher than the BTC you could have exchanged it for.  For my personal situation, I realised I don't need to hold fiat the vast majority of the time (I can either spend BTC directly, or can use a credit card when I then pay off using BTC) and so I simply stopped holding fiat.  I no longer "spend and replace" because I don't have fiat reserves to replace from.  Instead I was first "replacing in advance" by immediately converting my paycheque each month to BTC, and more recently am simply being paid in BTC directly from my employer so that I skip the middle-man and the cut they take on exchange fees/spread.
So, I didn't go "all in" in the beginning, but I'm certainly there now.  I think it might be a mistake to say that the "truest Bitcoiners" went all in in the beginning because for most of us, it takes time to learn and understand what it's all about, which I'd argue is a very necessary aspect for a "true Bitcoiner", if that term means anything at all.  Even Andreas Antonopoulos states that the first couple of times he heard about Bitcoin he dismissed it without giving it the attention he should have.
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:12:46
I can't answer your question (beyond "no idea, but probably not legit ones"), but just as fair warning: If you get a lot of private messages after posting this offering to sell you BTC privately, be aware that a lot of them (quite likely all of them) will be scams that will try to rip you off. Do not pay anyone anything unless you've either already got the Bitcoin in your own wallet (with at least 1 confirmation) or are willing to accept that there's a risk of them not sending it after you pay.
@_date: 2018-01-25 05:54:42
Take a look at [this image](
It is both intended and expected that LN will be more like the 3rd one ("Distributed") than the 2nd one ("Decentralised") due to the way that routing happens and the disincentives of funding channels with the very large amounts of money that it'd take to act as a "hub".
Knocking out one of the nodes in the 3rd image quite clearly does nothing in terms of ability to find a path between any of the others.
@_date: 2018-01-22 09:31:53
Then she’ll get it when she’s online again or when the channel closes due to natural timeout. 
That’s assuming she has her own wallet/node to begin with. This hypothetical Mum (my real one is long deceased) is probably too tech and financial illiterate to have anything but a custodial wallet anyway. 
@_date: 2019-07-24 13:53:08


Human trafficking, extortion, and murder-for-hire were explicitly not allowed on Silk Road.  Drugs and fraud yes (plus a few other things).
I personally think he doesn't deserve to be in prison; however even if someone can argue a case that he does, I don't see any valid argument that he deserves the sentence he got.
He got a harsher sentence than people who *actually* kill other people in cold blood; or people that *rape children*.   
 Can you honestly argue that his crimes were worse than those?
@_date: 2019-07-30 16:53:05
Ah, okay, got it.
That of course depends very much on where in the world you measure the "average man"... in many parts of the world, I'd say the current exchange rate is already well beyond that where an average person can't realistically get a whole BTC anymore.
I recall from a few years back (maybe 2012 or so?) that the median annual household income globally was at around $10k USD.  We can assume it's not so different now.  So for "the average man" in a modern western nation with something like 3 to 6 times the median, 1 BTC is still reasonably achievable.  For anyone in the lower 50% of the world (i.e. under $10k USD per year) it doesn't seem very achievable.
@_date: 2019-07-25 11:59:33
No matter what "bad things" he could do with his money, setting a precedent of address blocking would be worse.  **That** would destroy Bitcoin far more than anything he could do to the fiat exchange rate.
But, if you really think it's worth doing, then feel free and go ahead.  Write or modify a client that it won't relay transactions where those UTXOs are spent and won't accept any blocks after a specified block height that contain transactions you consider forbidden.  You can then try to convince other people to run your client if they agree with you.  I suspect the *vast* majority will not.
@_date: 2019-07-10 05:37:19
In 2011 I spent 53 BTC on LSD from Silk Road. 
Don’t regret it at all to be quite honest.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:12:14
Or - if possible - just don't hold fiat at all.  Earn and spend.
@_date: 2019-07-10 08:24:38
0.712µ₿ / ￥ (1.4￥/ µ₿)
71.2 sat / ￥ (0.014￥ / sat)
@_date: 2019-07-15 06:07:20
The "big guys" are slowly giving away all their bitcoin to "us little guys".  Let them play their games, we win in the end.
@_date: 2019-07-30 16:23:38




No it isn't.  It's "I don't know the chance".  It's a fallacy to conflate these two statements.
Right now, I don't know if there's a horse in my bedroom or not.  I haven't been in there all day, so there's certainly been the opportunity for my wife to go out, get a horse, and sneak it upstairs.  This does not mean that there's a "50/50 chance" of there being a horse in my bedroom.  The chances are extremely low (but still nothing I can put an exact number on).
If you had more information about the market, you could make a more accurate estimate of what will happen to Bitcoin's fiat exchange rate and start assigning some rough probabilities.  But: that information includes a lot of things that I don't think it's possible for you to know, such as the plans, moods, and outlook of the majority of economically significant actors.


Also true.  But that doesn't mean it will necessarily go down below the current exchange rate.  The exact rate right now *might* be the lowest it will ever be within your lifetime.


This may be the case, it may not be.  The question is whether you're willing to take that gamble.  If you win, you gain some Bitcoin.  If you lose, you lose some Bitcoin.  If you choose not to gamble, you neither gain nor lose Bitcoin.
Personally, I'm not a gambler.
@_date: 2019-07-22 12:52:46
My attention was caught, thinking it might have happened again. But no, it's just a link to the one from 2017.
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:22:56
So, the steps according to you are:
1. Sell at high price
2. Watch price go down
3. Buy more at low price
Okay, fine... but who are they buying from at step 3?  Other people who aren't accumulating?  Fine by me...  Those of us who are accumulating bought from them at step 1 and didn't sell back to them at step 3.  Exactly as I wrote, give it enough time and they'll end up giving us all their coins (and keep pushing the value higher and higher in the process as we take the supply off them).
@_date: 2018-01-07 10:22:51
First: Unplug the drive and do not touch it.  The more you try to use it or do things on your own, the less chance you've got of recovering anything.
Second: Find a data recovery service in your local area and give them a call.  They'll ask a bunch of questions about the operating system, file system (if you know it), settings (especially disk encryption), how you formatted it, and so on.  They'll then tell you if there's any point bringing it in or not to try to recover your data.
I used a data recovery service once when my backup NAS died (RAID failure/corruption) at the exact same time as my desktop HDD (stopped spinning up) and I lost all my wedding photos.  They were able to recover all except for 3 photos (out of nearly a thousand).  I paid €800 for the work.
@_date: 2019-07-15 06:04:44
Or you fuck up and lose money.  You can't *know* that right now isn't the lowest it's ever going to be again in your lifetime.  This is true *no matter what* the current rate is.
Personally, I have zero interest in trading my bitcoin for fiat, even if it means that I could gamble to get more bitcoin later.  If I'm wrong, I'd have to trade my fiat for bitcoin later and end up with less than I started with.
Since fiat decreases in value over time and bitcoin increases in value over time, that means that a fiat loss in the past can be seen as "not a big deal" whereas a bitcoin loss in the past could be life-changing amounts.
I don't obsess about things that have happened and I now can't change, but that doesn't mean I'm going to actively make decisions now that would be regrettable later.
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:39:42


20 billion person to person economic transactions per day is a reasonable estimate for the world.
A "very loose" interpretation of Moore's law is a doubling of any/all aspects of computing capability every two years (the original was actually only about how many transistors can be placed on an integrated circuit, but I'm fine with going with the looser definition to be generous to your argument).
An average Bitcoin transaction on chain is canonically 250bytes.
20 billion transactions at 250 bytes is 5 terabytes per day, or about 35GB per block.  This is completely ignoring people abusing the blockchain to store other data, such as my photo album.
Unless you're willing to completely centralise all control of Bitcoin (and thus defeat the point of the system entirely), you need the ability for *at least* relatively well off people to be able to run nodes (preferably more than that, but let's go with that for now).
An average internet connection in the Western world today is around 100Mb/s (12.5MB/s).  Some places much faster, some much slower.  To be able to handle 35GB every 10 minutes, this needs to double 12 times; so 24 years.  An average business currently has around 15TB storage.  The blockchain grows by 1825TB per year on just the global transactions (again, ignoring any other usage like my photo album).  Business storage won't grow at this speed until it has doubled 12 times; so also 24 years.
Therefore, even if Moore's law did cover storage and internet connection speeds (which it most certainly does not) and was going to continue indefinitely (which it most certainly will not), it'd be 24 years before even **only** the global economic activity would be feasible on-chain; not counting the many other uses people will find for it given that they don't need to pay for block space.


Yes, it is.  At the very maximum, the laws of physics will make it impossible at some point where the universally minimum amount of energy is used to flip a bit in the universally minimum amount of space; but realistically it'll stop well before then and there's significant evidence that it already has.


Professionals that study this stuff, the mathematics they show to prove it, and the laws of the universe that back it all up.


Because that just adds another level of insanity.  Instead of 35GB per block, we'd now be talking many PB per block at least.  Over 250EB (250000PB) of new data are generated each year right now.  If even 10% of that were things that people thought it might be nice to put on the blockchain, that's about 5PB per block.  It's completely insane and impractical.


For miners.  The requirements - described above - will cost them more than the network will earn them if there is no fee pressure for block space.  Right now, things like storage and internet connection are throwaway line items for a mining operation.  In your fantasy-land of petabyte blocks, it'd cost them more than the electricity necessary to mine!
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:24:54
Were the government able to stop, reverse, intercept, or otherwise access any Bitcoin transactions?
No?  Then Bitcoin remains decentralised and government free.  Just because the government is going to arrest people for doing things they don't like with Bitcoin, it doesn't mean the government is actually able to do anything about Bitcoin.  It just means they can - as they have always been able to - define laws around what people under their jurisdiction may or may not do without having jackbooted thugs sent after them.
I don't think anyone disagrees that governments can be a major hurdle to adoption in their jurisdictions, but that's a very different thing to altering the fundamental properties of what it is.
@_date: 2019-07-02 08:23:05


Or you have enough money to look after yourself and your loved ones and would rather spend your time and energy on things you value more than the acquisition of greater wealth. 
One day, I’ll be dead. Between now and then, I want to spend as much time as possible doing things that I enjoy like talking with friends, playing with my kids and making love to my wife.  
I also enjoy the feeling of having made the world a better place and therefore I am willing and eager to promote the economic virtues of bitcoin and use my skills as a technologist to improve the ecosystem. 
Any time I’m spending on thinking about the exchange rate between bitcoin and fiat is time I could’ve spent on more interesting things.  The only way it even remotely interests me is as a (fairly weak) proxy for global interest and adoption.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:16:48
I'm not aware of any games that even come close to accurately simulating the global economy, let alone one where Bitcoin is integrated.
I'm pretty sure that if we had the ability to even remotely accurately simulate a global economy, it'd be used by governments, economists, and bankers well before it appeared in a game.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:40:01
Profit... in USD. 
If they’d exchanged BTC&gt;USD at $10k then USD&gt;BTC at $9k, I’d call that a profit since they now hold a provably larger amount of the total supply of BTC that will ever exist. 
Instead they now hold a larger number of USD than before. Whether it’s actually worth more or not depends on when they spend it, since the USD loses value by design through the broken mechanisms of infinite supply and “controlled inflation” (plus of course the inevitable *uncontrolled* inflation at some point in the future). Quite likely though, they’ll just exchange it back in to BTC at a worse rate and then have made a loss on their trading in BTC terms (like almost every trader/gambler out there).
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:55:42
I'm not "shooting for" any particular number, just as I never used to be "shooting for" any particular amount of fiat currency.  I'd like to have as much as possible while still enjoying life and giving my wife and children a good quality of life also.
It's worth noting that I simply don't hold fiat.  The idea of this is that every euro I choose to hold is a euro that could have been converted to Bitcoin.  Therefore choosing not to convert euro to Bitcoin is functionally equivalent to having that Bitcoin and converting it to euro.  Since I am quite certain that the euro will continue to decline in purchasing power and Bitcoin will continue to increase (on average; with a lot of ups and downs along the way), I see no good reason to hold it instead of Bitcoin.
If hyperbitcoinisation happens, it may happen quite quickly.  It also might happen gradually, but that's something I can't possibly know.  If and when it happens, the obvious side-effect is a crash to zero of fiat currency.  Planning to use fiat "later" to buy more Bitcoin is a risk I'm not willing to take.
This is a very stress-free way of dealing with it because I don't spend time thinking about "how much to buy" and so on.  I simply carry on my life as usual, buying things that I need and want, enjoying life with my family, and watching the value of my savings increase over time much more significantly than the pure numbers of those savings would otherwise imply.
Just to be clear, I'm well aware that there are many goods and services that can't be bought with Bitcoin directly.  However you can buy them without needing to *hold* fiat and then settle any debts regularly before interest accrues.  I'm fortunately in that I have a credit card that I can pay off directly with BTC as well as having negotiated with a lot of local businesses to accept BTC directly (including paying my rent in BTC); but even without all that, a normal credit card works just as well - just use your BTC holdings to buy fiat and pay off the card once every billing cycle.  If you live somewhere "cash heavy", you might even hold a small amount of fiat in cash for those cases where it's just more convenient or useful to do so, but the point is not to hold any significant amount of your worth in fiat and instead keep it in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:46:00


I think there's two possible answers.
1. Yes, they could, but it would obvious then that it isn't actually backed, so no one would trust it to be roughly equivalent to a USD
2. They're actually honest, and so there is no over-supply
I don't have an opinion either way to be honest. They might be honest, they might be fraudsters; I don't have enough info to say either way and don't like forming an opinion without enough information.


My rough guess is, they simply didn't really notice or care at first.  There's nothing strictly illegal with selling a virtual good and increasing/decreasing the supply to keep it roughly equal to a nation's currency in value, so if they did want to go after it, they'd have to actually investigate a lot more to figure out which - if any - laws are actually being broken.
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:54:18


Yep, I can totally respect that.


We're also totally on the same page here.


I believe it should **if** it could.  I'm firmly in the "I don't know but would like to find out" camp for whether or not it could.
I think perhaps our only real disagreement is that you assert a belief in something while simultaneously claiming to not know it.  I assert that there's no point in belief without having sufficient evidence to claim knowledge.
I fully accept that I don't actually know anything with complete certainty other than that I exist in some form or other; but I'll claim knowledge on everything I consider myself to have sufficient evidence for until compelling evidence to the contrary is presented to me.  Anything I lack sufficient evidence for, I simply leave in the "I don't know" box and don't even try to use a model for shaping other thoughts or behaviour.  I do however consider the likelihood and impact of changing "I don't know" statements in to knowledge statements and will act according to that (i.e. try to get more information to bring myself to a sufficient level of evidence) when it seems that it's something I both could know and would be useful to know.
@_date: 2019-07-26 08:15:36
I have no problem with middle-men when they provide the useful service of saving me time/energy.  But if they can be replaced by a system that doesn't require them without increasing my time/energy usage, I'll do so in a heartbeat.
The problem isn't the *existence* of middle-men, it's the *requirement* of them.
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:27:43
I was a software developer.  Now I'm technically a manager.  But mostly I just get paid to browse Bitcoin information and discussions on reddit and other public forums, so that I have "a good understanding of the current levels of understanding and feeling towards Bitcoin".
I'm somewhat joking here, but not entirely.
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:45:33
I think you (and have misunderstood something fundamental about the Lightning Network...
There is no need to open a channel with the grocery store directly.  Many of the locals and almost definitely all of the out-of-towners are going to be making payments to the grocery store without having a channel open with them at all.
The grocery store will have a number of channels open, as will the customers.  Those customers that have a direct channel with the grocery store for whatever reason will generally pay directly on that channel (although they also might not for various reasons).  Those that don't will route their payment across other nodes that eventually connect up to the grocery store.
And here's the really important part: None of the people involved (including the store) need to know or care whether or not there are direct channels between them or not or really even who their channel partners are or where they're physically located.  People should not be trying to do manual channel management, because they'll almost certainly do worse than an algorithm can do for them.  The wallets can figure out the best parties to open channels with (generally during the initial setup of the wallet) and will (with the user's permission) open new appropriate channels if needed in the unlikely event that no route is available to make a payment.
Once the network is large and robust enough (and technologies like atomic multipath payments are widely deployed), closing a channel will be a very rare event.  Simply by having enough channels with capacity in both directions, routing payments for others (incentivised or discouraged appropriately by varying your routing fees) allows all your channels to keep a good balance in both directions.  Just because your channel was used for buying groceries, it doesn't mean it can't also be used in the other direction for the grocery store to pay their delivery contractor.  Again though, neither of you know or care that this happened, since both you and the grocery store are letting the software do channel management instead of trying to figure it out yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:45:13


It's also shifting the goalposts.  That's not what said.  He said it is being used for transactions, and he's right.  How do I know?  Because ***I*** use it for transactions.  Even if I were the only person in the world doing so (which I'm reasonably certain I'm not), that makes his statement factually correct.
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:00:45


Most places that accept Bitcoin in person for small values (e.g. typical groceries purchase) will accept zero-confirmations because the risk of you defrauding them is low and not really worth making you wait around.
However since Bitcoin on-chain transactions aren't a suitable payment technology for this kind of thing, it makes sense for these merchants to move to more scalable off-chain solutions like the Lightning Network.  That leaves the confirmation time for on-chain settlement as irrelevant to the exchange of goods and services for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:19:34
Kids and bitcoin can be great.
True story:  
My daughter is 6 and after Christmas, I realised she had a small mountain of fiat in her money box.  We talked about it and I suggested we look in to opening a bank account for her and getting her a debit card she can use.  She asked what that is, and I said it's a way she can spend her money which is just stored as numbers in the bank's computer.  Her answer: "*Oh, you mean like bitcoin, but the bank is looking after it?*".
As background: whenever we order home delivery pizza/indian/chinese/junkfood/whatever, the delivery service I use ( accepts bitcoin and so I use it.  This is the most common thing that she sees me actually paying for online since it's usually the only time she's actively involved in the purchase and so watching what's going on.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:26:36


The seed phrase is a representation of a private key in an easy to read format.  It usually encodes a "master private key" for a hierarchical deterministic (HD) wallet.  HD wallets don't use this private key directly, instead using it to generate sub-keys.  Each sub-key is a private key, which has associated public keys.  Addresses are derived from public keys.
For details, you should probably read [BIP-0032](


Mathematically speaking, yes.  Realistically no.
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:36:16
Change the words "suffer from" to "experience" and then sure, probably.
I don't see why that would be a bad thing though or that it would be a very significant amount (lost money tends to decrease as the technology and user experience improves along with people placing higher value on it and understanding the implications better).
@_date: 2019-07-03 18:54:00
Probably. Sorry, it’s been a long day and I’ve had to talk to people in 4 languages so far. I’m exhausted and likely to miss jokes and points easily.
@_date: 2019-07-16 04:39:27


Lumping those two things together as if they're somehow related is a clear indicator that you don't understand what Bitcoin is.  That's fine; there's nothing wrong with not knowing something, but it does indicate that you might want to look in to it further.


Philosophically, I can agree that none of us ***know*** that because aside from the fact that I exist, I can't claim actual knowledge of anything.
However I can say with a high degree of confidence that Bitcoin will outlive every fiat currency we have and increase in value accordingly.  Everything we understand about human behaviour throughout the centuries and the works of those studying psychology, sociology, philosophy, and economics points towards this as being essentially inescapable.  Everything we understand about physics, mathematics, computer science, and network theory points towards Bitcoin being capable of fulfilling this role.
@_date: 2019-07-12 12:33:53


I don't care who it was.  I can read the code and do the maths.  I don't need to trust that someone isn't going to come along and exploit a backdoor because I can see that there are no backdoors there to be exploited.
So, whether it was a brilliant lone cryptographer, group of people, a government secret service, some accidental genius highschool girl, or whoever else, I simply don't care - they have no more control over my bitcoin than anyone else.
@_date: 2019-07-08 21:21:55
I live in Germany and I essentially gave up holding euro a couple of years ago.  I'll freely admit that most places don't accept BTC, but there are enough places if you ask around that you can definitely get by for the most part.    Rent, most of my groceries, eating out, home delivery, and so on are all pretty easy.  Many other things are online purchases, where BTC is also a viable option.
There are a few things - notably diesel for my car - that I can't buy with BTC, but for those things, I use a credit card that I then pay off using BTC, so even though it wasn't a BTC transaction for the diesel directly, I still didn't have to hold fiat to do it.
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:24:48
"Most security" needs to be weighed up against your intended usage.  A seed phrase generated on an offline system, then stamped on metal plates and stored in an underground bunker in Switzerland with armed guards is "very secure" but kind of a pain to use when you want to make a purchase.
Take a look [here]( and find one that meets your needs (especially paying attention to Desktop vs Mobile vs Hardware).
@_date: 2019-07-08 10:12:45


This is not true at all.  Many of us have no intention of "selling" our bitcoin because we view it as a better form of money.  Why trade a good form of money for a bad one?
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:33:15
This isn't theoretical, it's actual.  I have existing channels.  If I walk in to a coffee shop and buy something using Bitcoin over the Lightning Network, I don't open a new channel - I use the existing ones I have open.  There's nothing "magic" about it and simply describing it that way as an attempt to discredit it is intellectually dishonest.
And if you're going to make claims about "persistent channel providers" you'd better be ready to name names.  My channels are already persistent and they're with other Lightning Network peers.  Simply telling me to Google it really just makes it look like you don't actually have anything and are just making shit up to try to push your centralised service built on top of a shitcoin that uses a provably broken Directed Acyclic Graph approach.
@_date: 2019-07-16 06:43:03
The 24 word phrase isn't just a "pass code" for accessing the app, it is a representation of the master private key itself, stored as words to make it easier but really still just representing a big number.
Because all Bitcoin is actually on the blockchain and not actually "in" wallets as we like to colloquially say, it means that anyone with the private key that is associated with a Bitcoin output (UTXO) is able to make new valid transactions using that output as an input.
The upside of this is that if you've got your seed words (and no one else does) then you really don't need anything else.  You can use these words in any wallet app/hardware (or even multiple wallets at the same time) and be able to spend your Bitcoin.
If you lose your Ledger device, you won't be able to make transactions from the Ledger Live app on the phone, because it doesn't store your private key (that's the point of the Ledger device - keeping the private key away from a device that can be hacked and therefore not exposed to the internet).  However if you've got your seed words, you can either enter them in to a new Ledger device that you buy, or in to a different wallet app using the "Import" or "Restore" function.
Important Note: entering your seed words in a new app exposes your private key to that app.  You have to trust the app developer isn't stealing keys and that your device isn't compromised.  It's highly recommended to instead import it to a new hardware wallet, or if you do need access immediately (with a high enough importance to be worth the risk) then import it and immediately transfer the majority of your funds (e.g. everything you don't need immediate/near-term access to) to another offline address (there are various ways of creating these even without a hardware device; but I won't go in to detail in this answer... feel free to ask if you're interested) until such time as you can get another hardware wallet device.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:51:46
No trick necessary.  She's already well aware of that and only just stopped short of saying it directly when she strongly pointed out that Libra can not be called a cryptocurrency and absolutely should not be compared to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:31:57


Thankfully the answer is yes.
@_date: 2019-07-28 06:28:34
I have 100% of my money in Bitcoin and use it as a regular currency.  My net worth when measured in dollars or euro swings wildly, sure, but why should I care about that?  If my holdings are worth $1 million today and $100k tomorrow, I can still afford to put food on the table; fill my car; pay my kids' school; and all the other necessary expenses.
The long term trend is an increase in value even if the short term trends are impossible to predict, so as long as I can afford to do everything I need to (which I can), why should it bother me what it looks like when measured in currencies I no longer hold?
@_date: 2019-07-09 22:19:43


Are you aware that in most major world economies, governments aren't in charge of monetary supply at all?  The monetary supply is handled by central banks, which have varying levels of government involvement/interference depending on where you are in the world, but generally they're somewhere between "relatively" and "completely" autonomous.
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:07:03
I don’t know of any multinationals that offer this as a standard option, only smaller companies and generally only in the industry (although I have heard of other small companies not in the industry also offering it, I haven’t seen any firsthand). 
I think the difficulty comes in that large multinationals have very fixed accounting procedures that are written in to their payroll systems. Essentially if you want anything other than the limited options they support (e.g. local fiat to a bank account) they’ll claim it as too hard to implement. 
I’ve got other more pressing projects on my list for the moment, but gathering more information and then designing a solution to make it easier for these kinds of employers is definitely something I would like to do when I have more breathing room.
@_date: 2019-07-18 12:53:12


Because I'm quite certain that no other nodes would accept that, and so my rules would be confined to my node only, which would be a very lonely existence and Bitcoin on my node would be effectively worthless.


No, I wouldn't.  Transactions that are invalid according to the nodes I talk to would be rejected, and after a bit they'd probably stop accepting connections from me entirely if I persisted in broadcasting things they didn't like.  That's **their choice** and not a rule defined by a centralised authority, because there is no centralised authority.


No, it can't.  Bitcoin can't force anyone to do anything because Bitcoin isn't an entity.  The nodes in the Bitcoin network can choose not to propagate transactions or blocks I send to them because those transactions/blocks are invalid from their perspective.  That could (and generally would) mean that transactions I broadcast aren't going to show up at exchanges, merchants, and other peers on the network where I'd like.  But that's purely an aspect of **me not being able to force my rules on them**, it has nothing to do with them being able to force rules on me.


I can have an infinite amount of Bitcoin whenever I want.  It's just not something that I'd expect anyone else is going to accept.
@_date: 2019-07-26 08:18:00
Thankfully though, Hal was wrong about that because he didn't foresee the concept of the Lightning Network or similar ideas.  All the advantages of his "Bitcoin-backed banks" without the centralisation and currency exchange issues.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:50:09
“Bitcoin? Oh, sorry, I don’t have any of that.”
It’s on them if they want to try to prove otherwise.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:34:51
I don't read that comment the same way you do apparently.  But his writing style is pretty loose/chaotic/unclear and it really could be interpreted multiple ways, so maybe you're right that he did mean that.  If he did, then I disagree with him as well.  A government stating it is imposing strict regulations that limit people's legal actions with Bitcoin absolutely would decrease adoption under the jurisdiction of that government.
If however he meant that regulation can't influence how Bitcoin behaves and therefore any "FUD" about regulators doing so is unfounded, then I agree with him and don't think the discussion has anything to do with rates of adoption.  No government has the ability to "regulate" that the Bitcoin network must behave some way or other and actually have that happen.  It's nearly as futile as regulating that gravity behave differently.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:32:03
The main one I've seen is actually "*we're trying to protect investors from this highly volatile and hard to understand asset class!*".  That tends to be followed by, "*it's just a tool used by criminals for drugs and other illegal activities*" which may or may not include some comments about money laundering.
Regardless, the ones who believe it and repeat it are the ones who simply don't understand it, and the ones who say it to begin with don't really believe it.  They know the reason is really, "*we don't want to lose control over money, because it's a tool for giving us more power than we were elected to have.*".  Saying that so directly wouldn't exactly go down well with the people though.
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:41:38
"Custodial" seems to be a dirty word to many, but it's because they're missing the key point.  Custodial is bad when it's *required*.  I'm the custodian of my wife's BTC and our kids' BTC.  They trust me with it to make their lives easier.  You can do the same for your father.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:36:20
It can be argued that almost everyone is.
Everyone who is aware of Bitcoin and willingly choses *not* to hold any is making a choice and indeed statement about their opinion on the future of Bitcoin in relation to the money or assets that they choose over it equally as much as those who do chose to hold Bitcoin.
Ultimately, it's her choice, but I personally would advise her that it's foolish to give up a bitcoin for a new kitchen unless she's currently living without a kitchen at all and has responsibilities such as a family to feed.  Even in that case, I'd be looking in to a smaller/simpler/cheaper kitchen for less than a Bitcoin so that I could keep holding some.
If she has greater than zero dollars, she should be spending that before the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:36:57
You seem to have it exactly backwards.  Something that costs nothing to produce ***can not have*** value except by mutual agreement.  Something that costs to produce ***will have*** value aligned to that cost, otherwise the producers will stop producing it.
Note that I'm not saying it has value because it costs something to produce; that would be a fallacy since you can perform useless work.
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:35:47
Yes, I do... I pay my rent with Bitcoin, buy groceries with it, and many other things.
I don't hold any fiat currency, so it's either "use it" or "be homeless and starving".  The latter doesn't appeal to me, so I choose the former.
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:18:31
Everyone else seems to be talking theoretical.  I use Bitcoin regularly, including in-person at a few places that take it.
1. Generally merchants accept zero-confirmation transactions.  The chance of you ripping them off are low (low enough that they lose more money through things like customers saying they refuse to pay due to some perceived complaint with the product/service than they do through zero-conf abuse).
2. Some merchants (generally in Japan) have software that shows if your transaction was sent with RBF enabled, they should *not* accept it until it confirms.  Then they hold the goods/services and ask you to wait.
3. I know of one merchant that will CPFP incoming transactions that have a fee that's too low.  The nice thing is, he encourages 1sat/byte regardless of how the mempool currently looks since he'll cover it.
I do expect merchants to switch over to Lightning though because it is simply a better user experience (for both parties) in every way once you're past the initial setup.
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:34:00
Ah, I see the misunderstanding then.  We disagree on the definition of a currency.  I consider something a currency if it currently fulfils some of the functions of a currency and is *capable* of fulfilling the others.  It seems you only consider it a currency once it *does* fulfil all of them.
Under your definition (which I personally think isn't very useful, but we'll run with it for the moment), I'd agree Bitcoin is not yet a currency, but to call it only a speculative asset similar to many others is also false since most other assets that may be speculated on don't have the potential be currencies where Bitcoin clearly does.
@_date: 2018-01-11 22:28:42
The internet is decentralised.  There's a LOT of layers on top that are either somewhat centralised or completely centralised, which makes the user experience painfully centralised at times; but the underlying system itself is still completely decentralised, and so decentralised systems (like TOR, bittorrent, and Bitcoin) can all run on it.
@_date: 2019-07-18 12:46:15




Also agreed.


No it isn't.


No you don't.


No they aren't.  (you seriously think this?!!!)


Which is ***exactly*** the difference between centralised and decentralised!
In centralised systems, a few key people/groups/organisations get to make decisions for everyone.  This is the elected officials and hires/appointments that you describe.
In decentralised systems, everyone is free to make their own decisions and no one can force a decision on you.  Whether others agree with that decision or not is entirely the choice of those others.  This is the aspect of "open to anyone who wants to participate" that you describe.
I don't see why this is so hard for you.
@_date: 2019-07-31 07:44:46


Really?  I don't think this is true at all.  When there's a very well known or very large scam going on, the company that the scammers are pretending to represent or so will sometimes put out some kind of statement about it, but I'd consider that to be the exception rather than the norm.
There are millions of scams going on all the time and if companies tried to stay on top of it all and post warnings/information about each, they'd be totally bogged down.  It's easier for them just to ignore it.
Also, as far as I'm aware, the scam you're talking about isn't even someone pretending to be Coinbase, it's just someone trying to extort bitcoin from you and recommending Coinbase as a place to go to get bitcoin.  This has more to do with the popularity and ease of Coinbase for the majority of people than anything else - the scammer wants to make it easier for you to get bitcoin to increase your chances of giving it to them.
Honestly, I don't see why Coinbase should even dignify this scam with a response; they're not directly involved at all.
And no, I definitely don't think they're financing it.  It's illegal to extort people and Coinbase make a shitload of money through legal means.  Risking everything on petty extortion would just be bad business sense.
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:00:53


No, it's based on his inability to form a coherent sentence a lot of the time; his self-admitted "never read a book"; and his very clear lack of understanding (and attempts to hide it rather than admit it) when presented with topics of any complexity.
I don't deny that the competition was terrible - Hillary would have been a terrible president; but I can't see how she could've been worse than Trump.


Many things take time to have effects.  It's one of the problems people seem to have with associating a government and the effects in the country at the time.  I'd argue that a number of the positive things happening in the US economy are because of plans put in place well before Trump was president (many well before Obama as well; so please don't just think I'm talking him up).  Likewise, the negative effects that Trump is having on the US will be felt for many years after he leaves office.


UK or Australia?  If not, I'm honestly shocked.  The only non-US people I've met that think Trump is doing a good job are right-wing Brits and Aussies.  Even right-wing French, Dutch, and Germans tend to think he's terrible.
@_date: 2019-07-03 12:39:03
I didn't... because that would imply having fiat lying around doing nothing and just waiting to be exchanged for bitcoin.
Having fiat lying around unnecessarily is something I refuse to do anymore.  My bank account stays at exactly zero except those rare occasions where someone expects to be able to pull euro from it, at which point I'll exchange exactly that amount of my BTC in to euro to cover it - no more, no less.
I tend to avoid that scenario as much as possible though.  Many of my expenses are BTC directly, and most of the rest I pay with credit card which is then paid off using BTC.
@_date: 2019-07-22 14:49:38
This one probably isn't a scam.  It isn't actually useful to be implemented this way though.
* The control over who gets the token in return for "environmentally friendly practices" is entirely centralised.
* Because of this, they could just write the tokens to a database controlled by that central entity - it'd have the same function, without the complexity of doing it on a blockchain.
* The token "can be used to access services within the republic".  Translated: The token has no value outside of what a centralised body determines.  Again, this would work just as well with a centralised database.
So, I applaud their idea, but it absolutely fails the usefulness test.
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:08:19
"BTC is not dead"... ummm, yeah...  Was there anyone saying otherwise?
@_date: 2019-07-17 09:11:53
I'm not familiar with Coinbase specifically, but you should be aware that:
1. Bitcoin's exchange rate to fiat currencies is relatively volatile.  You are exchanging a specific amount of your currency (e.g. dollars) for a specific amount of a different currency (Bitcoin).  You are not exchanging a specific amount of your currency for a floating amount of Bitcoin.  
For example: You agree to exchange $20 USD for 0.002 Bitcoin.  A few hours later, you see that you could get 0.002 Bitcoin for only $18 USD.  A few hours after that, you see that it would be $22.  This is perfectly normal.  You hold 0.002 Bitcoin, *not* "$20 worth of Bitcoin".
2. Most exchanges charge fees.  This is one of the ways that they make money and stay in business.  
For example: You agree to exchange $20 USD for 0.002 Bitcoin; but the exchange (Coinbase) either charges you more fiat than you expected (e.g. $21) or gives you less Bitcoin than you expected (e.g. 0.0018 Bitcoin).  This is perfectly normal and legit as long as it's described somewhere that they do this in the terms that you agreed to.
3. Most exchanges have a "spread" whereby the "buy" price is different from the "sell" price for market orders (i.e. a simple "buy now" or "sell now").  This is one of the ways that they make money and stay in business.  
For example: You agree to exchange $20 USD for 0.002 Bitcoin; but you see that if you try to exchange your 0.002 Bitcoin back to dollars, you'll only receive $19 USD.  This is perfectly normal.  Many/Most exchanges allow you to put in a "buy" or "sell" order for a different value, which may not be fulfilled immediately (or ever) if you really wanted that $20 back (but at that point in time, getting 0.002 Bitcoin will cost more than $20).
4. The exchange rate you look at for your Bitcoin holdings may come from a different source than the exchange rate you agreed to when exchanging your dollars for Bitcoin.  This may make it look like a different amount if you're viewing it in a fiat equivalent rather than Bitcoin balance.  
For example: You agreed to exchange $20 USD for 0.002 Bitcoin; but after transferring to the wallet on your phone, you're being shown that you have $18 USD worth of Bitcoin.  This is perfectly normal; the only relevant question is whether you do indeed have the 0.002 Bitcoin that you paid for.
5. There are network fees to transfer Bitcoin in an "on-chain transaction" (currently the equivalent of only a few cents for a normal transaction, but it also fluctuates).  This can reduce the amount of Bitcoin that you have.  
For example: You agreed to exchange $20 USD for 0.002 Bitcoin; but after transferring to the wallet on your phone, you see that you only have 0.001997 Bitcoin.  This is perfectly normal; the 0.000003 Bitcoin was paid as a fee (to the Bitcoin miners; not the exchange) for their work in securing the network by performing proof-of-work on block creation (which is where your transaction was written and will be immutably recorded for all eternity).
If none of these are relevant to your situation, can you describe in more detail what the problem is?
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:32:30


You realise that mining is a multimillion dollar industry right?  Most larger mining operations have multiple farms of hundreds or thousands of devices and have specialists in big data, datacentre monitoring/management, and so on.  It's not just "running an ASIC or a box with a few GPUs".
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:47:33


Miners.  The "payment" to open a channel is a transaction fee for an on-chain transaction.


No it isn't.  When I send a Bitcoin on-chain transaction, it also doesn't go from "me" to "destination"; it is broadcast throughout the network and eventually touches every node.  It's then mined in a block by a miner who is also (usually) neither myself nor the person I'm sending it to.  These aren't middle-men and neither are Lightning Network nodes.


Again, you don't understand the Lightning Network at all if you think it's "kicking miners out of the game" or that "big hubs are okay".  That's not how it works, not at all.
Miners are essential; they secure the blockchain.  Without a secure blockchain, Lightning also has no security.  It's only secure **because** the channel contracts (which are on-chain transactions) are secure.
Large hubs are unlikely to form.  They're economically discouraged because of how easy it is to route around them.  This will only become more true as new technologies such as atomic multipath payments are implemented so that smaller channels can carry parts of larger payments that they couldn't carry alone.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:22:05


Close, but it's more that it's just your coins are stored on the blockchain.  There is no other info about you, and none of it is encrypted.  The hardware wallet doesn't store a "record" of any kind (that's what the blockchain is).
Your coins are - by virtue of the "address" they were sent to - only able to be used in a new transaction by someone able to generate an appropriate signature (one that matches the public key that the address was generated from).  This is only possible by holding the private key.  A private key can produce a public key, but not vice-versa.  Therefore, the only thing a wallet (hardware or software) needs to store is your private key(s).  The seed phrase (24 words) represents a "master private key" from which multiple sub-keys can be (/are) generated.
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:02:40
The difficulty doesn't just keep increasing.  It increases in line with the amount of hash power that we give it.  That is, a block is targeted to take 10 minutes to mine.  Every 2016 blocks, a "difficulty adjustment" occurs.  This measures how long it took to to mine those 2016 blocks and adjusting the difficulty either up or down to bring it in line with the 10 minute target.
So, difficulty only increases in line with the improvements in technology and the number of people involved in mining.  It will never be the case that "we can't keep up with it" since it's based entirely on what we are capable of.
@_date: 2019-07-26 08:14:27


Some people... there are both cultural and generational aspects to it though, so it's not hard to imagine this desire for middle-men disappearing over time.
When I was getting my first bank account (New Zealand, early 1990s), my parents told me I'd need to have a good relationship with my bank manager and that I should work on making sure they remember me by name when I go in.  In reality, I think I only ever talked to them twice and when internet banking came along, the number of times I needed to walk in to the bank dropped to nearly zero.  I later switched to a bank that has no physical branches and I've never directly contacted a person there at all - all interaction is via their web portal.  Bitcoin appeals to me as the next obvious step (and significant improvement) of removing the middle-man entirely.
@_date: 2019-07-23 11:31:48
My thoughts: whoever wrote that list didn't actually do any real research.  They either got people to pay to be on the list, or just spent a couple of hours on Google to create it.  Even outside of the Bitcoin space, there are a lot of more interesting Fintech startups in Europe than the ones they listed by almost any measure of "interesting" or "best" you choose to go with.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:02:30
If it were enough fiat on loan to be a similar scale financial disaster, we'd already be at hundreds of thousands if not millions of USD per BTC.
So no, I really don't think so.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:48:28
Your "clarity" wasn't necessary because you're still saying the exact same thing you've said many times over.  I understand what you're saying, you're simply wrong.
Firstly: Your definition of "centralised" vs "decentralised" is wrong.
Secondly: Even using your incorrect definition, Bitcoin is still decentralised, because there are no shared rules.
Now, since you've mentioned Systems Theory a few times, I'm going to have to bite back.  Systems Theory is very broad and usually applied as a framework for building more concrete modelling methodologies in distinct domains.  Someone who studies cognitive psychology for example may recognise aspects of the theoretical aspects of cybernetics engineering, since both are more practical applications of systems theory, but the vast differences between them make it difficult to align them in any meaningful way.
Instead, I recommend you start reading up on graph theory and how it deals with different kinds of centrality in a graph based on the properties and indicators you're interested in.
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:22:59
This may sound extreme, but there are other alternatives to where you live.  That's not just an option for exchanges.
I've lived in 5 countries so far and would absolutely move again if the government of the country where I currently reside were to become as openly hostile to Bitcoin is as the US is.
@_date: 2019-07-07 08:22:09
Actually - and this may seem counterintuitive - it'll create more if bitcoin *drops* in value.
This is because your income measured in bitcoin is directly related to the percentage of global hashrate that you put in.  Global hashrate follows value, so if it goes down (least efficient (in terms of hashes per dollar energy cost) miners drop off first), you'll have a higher percentage of the total hashrate and therefore earn more BTC than when the hash rate goes up.
The problem of course is paying for your electricity.  If you have to exchange those BTC for dollars to pay for the energy costs, then of course your profit will suffer with low BTC value.  So, if you intend to mine, the idea should be:
1. Plan a longer period where your electricity costs are *not* being paid by the BTC that you earn.
2. Get the cheapest possible electricity.  This is the most important factor - far more so than the capital outlay of getting the hardware.  You need to be in the range of or cheaper than the majority of other miners (including the large professionals paying between 2c and 6c per KWh) otherwise they're just eating your profits.
3. Get in during a long bear market.
4. Plan to either get out completely or reinvest in more hardware once your percentage of the total global hash rate drops below a critical figure (which itself should be based on profitability at your energy costs)
Number 3 is of course the hardest since it requires a bit of "predicting the future", but if you can be really good with  and  you can still be profitable.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:36:50
Damn KFC... I knew that "Bitcoin Bucket" they did was just a scam to get our private details!
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:28:57
Thanks for the apology and please accept mine in kind.  I sometimes assume people know what I'm talking about and don't give enough context.
Any comment of mine that reads as if the exchange rate between fiat and bitcoin is anything more than a very loose indicator of adoption is poorly written from my side, since that's a position I hold very strongly when it comes to this topic.
You'll perhaps note that I even avoid words like "price", "buy", and "sell" unless I'm quoting or trying to view things from the perspective of my interlocutor.  I tend to stick to words like "value" and "exchange" instead.
I don't see anywhere where I implied *incompetence* and if I did, I apologise yet again.  I certainly implied *ignorance*, but that's quite different and isn't something negative in and of itself.  I'm ignorant about a great many things, as is everyone on earth.  Wilful ignorance is bad, but simple ignorance through lack of exposure isn't something you can ever blame anyone for nor feel shame or guilt about having.
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:24:33
Why would lien laws have anything to do with it unless you got the BTC with fiat that you got on credit?  Even then it's tenuous but I could at least imagine some weird interpretation of the law that could be an issue.  If you got the BTC by exchanging for fiat that was legally yours, I don't see any way lien laws would apply.  There is no debt or claim against the Bitcoin to be made.
Even if the laws could be twisted and turned in such a way that somehow the BTC did "legally" belong to the bank rather than to you, there's no way the law could be used to lay claim your private keys (since they are something distinct to the Bitcoin that they can access), nor any reasonable way for the anyone to prove you still have the BTC if you've transferred it to at least one other address since getting it from the exchange.  The best they could do is demand their perceived value of it in fiat; but again, you already paid for it right? There is no debt or claim of unfulfilled duties that can bring lien in to it.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:58:07
What makes you think I haven't?
@_date: 2019-07-22 12:57:37
To be fair, I agree that not all of them are.  Some of them probably are; but as per Hanlon's Razor: "Never attribute to malice, that which can be adequately explained by stupidity".
It's fairly reasonable to assume many of them actually think their projects have value and merit rather than just being horribly convoluted ways to achieve things that you could achieve more simply in other ways.
The others really are just malicious and are simply - as points out - attempts to separate you from your bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-17 12:48:45
I lived in Australia for a while and got a credit card while there.  Despite having been living in Germany for 12 years now, no one seems to mind as long as I keep using it and paying it off.
In Australia, most bills - including credit cards - can be paid with a system called "[BPAY](  BPAY lets you pay any bill by ID, reference number, and amount as long as that biller has signed up for it (and if you're an Australian company/organisation that bills a lot of people, you'd be insane not to for all the business you'd lose).  There are now at least two different services that act as Bitcoin to BPAY gateways (maybe more, but I only know of two).  Personally, I use [Living Room of Satoshi](
So, my credit card itself isn't anything Bitcoin specific, it's just a perfectly normal American Express card.  Simply by the virtue of being issued in Australia, it's easy to pay off using BTC.
@_date: 2018-01-03 21:05:47
If you're ever looking for someone on the more technical side of things (systems architecture, enterprise architecture, development management, technology planning, etc) I'd be very interested.
I'd love to work in the crypto sphere, as it would likely be a lot more personally rewarding than my current work (which - while fulfilling from a technical challenge perspective - is probably one of the most mundane and uninteresting technologies in existence).
Customer service really isn't my thing though I'm afraid.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:26:04
Yes... the Gold Standard worked extremely well other than a few issues that caused it to no longer be suitable to our modern world.
The Gold Standard didn't fail because it couldn't be artificially inflated.  It failed because gold is fundamentally slow, heavy, and hard to divide up to reasonable small amounts.  This caused it to never be used directly and instead be set as a "backing" for paper money.  Once you get used to the paper and stop checking on the reserves that theoretically back it, all semblance of *actually* having a backed money go out the window.
Bitcoin not only solves those two main issues that gold has, but indeed several more that could be imagined as further limitations were we to try to return to basing money on precious metals.  Bitcoin compared to gold:
* has a more predictable/known supply
* is more transportable
* is more divisible for commerce
* is programmable (can be locked in multi-signature contracts)
* is easier to hide (weighs nothing and is invisible)
Bitcoin isn't just a return to the gold standard, it fixes everything that was wrong with it and updates it for the information age in which we live.
@_date: 2019-07-09 06:05:07
It's not that the blocksize is necessarily "perfect", it's that it's suboptimal to change it without a good reason.  If it were 300kb, I'd be arguing against changing it.  If it were 8MB, I'd be arguing against changing it.
Right now, there is no good reason to change it.  When there is a good reason, that should be weighed against the negatives and then if everyone agrees, we'll do so.  If we don't agree, but there's a large enough minority somewhere, there might be a split with a new shitcoin created like there was in the past.
@_date: 2019-07-23 12:17:14
The bill as written can't pass. 
Imagining for a moment the dystopian world where it does pass, the wording of [the draft bill]( (starts on page 60) would mean that people from outside of India should be very careful travelling there. Simply "holding Bitcoin" would be punishable by up to ten years in prison. If it were to pass, anyone holding it is going to be a criminal even if they choose to destroy their private key - that's "disposing of" it, which would also be a crime by this wording (Part 2, Chapter 3, paragraph 1: "*No person shall mine, generate, hold, sell, deal in, issue, transfer, dispose of or use Cryptocurrency in the territory of India.*".
Aside from the economic aspects, this is another reason the bill can't pass; this wording is simply insane.
In the incredibly unlikely event it passes, I'd be tempted to send private keys to wallets containing 1 sat each in the post to Indian government officials. Whether they keep them or throw them away, they've committed a crime.  So have I under Indian law (that would be "*abetting or inducing participation in &lt;prohibited activities&gt;*", which is also itself prohibited), but since there is zero chance of me ever wanting to visit India again if this were to pass, I'm fine with that.
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:22:31


This makes no sense.  It doesn't matter whether I buy directly from the whale or not - if I am increasing the amount of BTC that I hold, it is BTC that they can't hold.  Why don't you understand this?


Doesn't matter *when* I increase my BTC holdings, as long as they increase.


I have no idea what my average "buy" price is in dollar terms, but almost certainly somewhere sub $1000.  The earliest record of an exchange I made of fiat for BTC was just over €3 per BTC.  I'm reasonably certain that wasn't the first I ever did, just the first I have a record of.
When you make statements like "you still haven't made that money back", I find it very difficult to wrap my head around what you're trying to say because the sentence itself is nonsensical.  As far as I can tell, you're making the mistake of thinking that dollars are money and bitcoin isn't, as if I were putting my money in to beanie babies and then valuing those beanie babies in dollar terms.  That's the only way I can even begin to parse the sentence.
This is most certainly a mistake though.  Both dollars and Bitcoin are money.  Bitcoin is a better kind of money.  Even if I were somehow "down" in dollar terms (which I'm quite certain I'm not), the only number that is really relevant to me is how many satoshis I have under the control of my private keys.  That number has definitely not been going down.
@_date: 2019-07-20 15:06:07


That's a common fallacy.  But unfortunately it definitely *is* a fallacy because it gets the relationship between fiat exchange rate and hash rate exactly backwards.
The global hash rate will adjust (up or down) so that the global cost of generating a block is only slightly below the reward generated from finding a block.  Importantly however, the change in hash rate itself then affects the cost of generating a block and you can't model it as simply as pretty much everyone does.
Put as simply as possible:
* Bitcoin exchange rate goes up -&gt; miner's profit goes up -&gt; hash rate goes up -&gt; miner's profit goes down
* Bitcoin exchange rate goes down -&gt; miner's profit goes down -&gt; hash rate goes down -&gt; miner's profit goes up
Of course hash rate won't always follow exchange rate *immediately* as there will be both speculation by miners as well as there being a general delay in how long it takes to set up new mining operations.
If it's already "very profitable" but hash rate hasn't caught up yet (a very nice time to be a miner) and then profitability decreases to "quite profitable" due to a dip in the exchange rate, there'll obviously be no reduction in hash power since it is still profitable for everyone involved, just less so than before.
Also, if there's an overall loss, many miners may choose to live off earlier profits rather than shutting down immediately in the hope/expectation that the market will turn around again and they'll become profitable.
These are however just "noise" in the bigger picture.  At a wide enough resolution, hash rate follows exchange rate, not vice-versa.
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:26:27
Wtf are you talking about?
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:29:39
I'd replace the word "crypto" with "Bitcoin" in that sentence, but basically yes.
As it is, I already earn and spend Bitcoin.  I don't hold any fiat currencies at all.  For things that I can't buy with BTC directly (which is thankfully less and less over time), I use fiat payment methods that I can then pay off with Bitcoin (e.g. an Australian Dollar based credit card which I pay off using Bitcoin via the LivingRoomOfSatoshi service).
@_date: 2019-07-03 06:26:14
It DOES put you ahead of everyone else at the start (potentially multiple generations worth of wealth even). No one said it doesn’t. 
Is it fair? Not really, but neither is the current system. 
However over a long enough time frame, it is more fair. If I have 21 BTC at the time that Bitcoin becomes the dominant currency, it’s almost certain that even my grandchildren will never NEED to work a day in their lives. But after a couple of generations, maybe there’ll only be 2.1 BTC left. A couple after that, and it may be 0.021. Eventually - unless you believe the economic growth can outpace the spending of the rich ad infinitum - my descendants will have to provide economic value, since over the years, those 21 BTC have all been given out for goods and services.
@_date: 2019-07-23 11:41:54
Won't pass; but in the instance dystopian world where it did, the wording would mean that people from outside of India should be very careful travelling there.  Simply "holding Bitcoin" would be punishable by up to ten years in prison.  If it were to pass, anyone holding it is going to be a criminal even if they choose to destroy their private key - that's "disposing of" it, which would also be a crime by this wording.
Aside from the economic aspects, this is another reason the bill can't pass; this wording is simply insane.
In the incredibly unlikely event it passes, I'd be tempted to send private keys to wallets containing 1 sat each in the post to Indian government officials.  Whether they keep them or throw them away, they've committed a crime.
@_date: 2019-07-05 15:41:03
I was simply pointing out that your comment that the average housing size for lower income people increasing is not a global thing in the slightest.  I didn't say anything about whether the area was getting better or if increased costs are justified or not.  In some cases, that may be, and in others not.  That's beside the point that lower income groups are most definitely being forced in to smaller and smaller living spaces in most of the world over the last few generations.
@_date: 2019-07-23 12:00:18
I don't really have a defined list or anything... it's not something I'm all that interested in to be completely honest.  But just off the top of my head, they didn't mention Revolut, Fraugster, or Axyon.
Not saying I particularly like those companies or anything, but they were the first three to pop in to my head when thinking of European based FinTech and none of them are on that list.
Really, just google "*top european fintech startups*" or similar and you'll find a lot of different lists, each with entirely different sets of startups.  What that tells me is that:
1. These lists really are just the writer's preferences
2. There's a *lot* of FinTech in Europe
Add the word "Bitcoin" to the search and you'll find plenty of Bitcoin related/specific FinTech as well.  Bitcoin is alive and well in Europe.
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:43:25
What a clear, well-thought out and helpful response.  I'll have to really take it in to consideration for future discussions. ^(/s)
How about instead of being a jackass, you tell me what's wrong with what I said?
@_date: 2019-07-16 10:56:17
100% of my paycheque, once every month.
I never exchange my BTC for fiat unless I suddenly find myself needing fiat for whatever reason (and then, only enough to cover whatever the fiat cost is), which I can almost always avoid.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:12:52
They usually are.
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:29:17


You could always import your seed phrase in to a better wallet that does have these options.  There is really no excuse for a wallet not to offer custom fee selection, given how terribly most of them do for estimates.
* thought id stop being lazy today and move it, but mempool full.
Looking at the mempool right now, it's really not all that bad.  You could probably get a transaction through within a day with 8sat/byte, or within the next few blocks with 15sat/byte.  25sat/byte would almost guarantee you next block.  Even that shouldn't be anywhere near $20 unless you have an insanely large (# of inputs) transaction.
Back of the envelope calculation:
* A huge transaction with a lot of inputs might be around 2KB ("typical" small transaction is 0.25KB).
* 25sat/byte at 2KB would be 50000 satoshi fee.
* At $10500 per BTC, 50000 satoshi is $5.25.
So, even if you've got a huge transaction and want to pay a fee that almost guarantees you to be in the next block, anything over $6.00 is just crazy.
Chances are it's more like:
* A large transaction of around 750 bytes (3 times typical).
* 10sat/byte at 750 bytes would be 7500 satoshi fee.
* At $10500 per BTC, 7500 satoshi is $0.79.
@_date: 2019-07-18 12:39:33


It doesn't.  The blockchain that resides on my computer is likely very similar to the one on someone else's but there are no guarantees that that's the case.


It does have software that governs this... but not just one.  And the rules themselves can be different between different people.


This doesn't logically follow.  Why would it have no security?


This is something close to word salad.  Central control can provide a level of safety because you only have one thing that requires protecting (the centralised controlling thing); but if that thing gets compromised, it's game over.  That's not true for decentralised systems.
If you want to argue this point, you'll need to provide the counter aspect.  Not just say that central control is safe; explain why decentralised control is *not* safe.


Yes, that is the state of it.  It's great.


Then it **is decentralised**, because you **can**.  I can change the rules on my node right now to whatever I want and I don't need anyone's permission to do so.
There are even real examples of exactly this happening.  A bunch of people thought it'd be nice to have large blocks and no segwit, so they started running those rules.  They didn't need to ask permission from anyone and every node that agrees with their rules consider their blocks valid.  Every node that does not agree with their rules considers their blocks invalid.


I'm sorry to say, you fundamentally misunderstand what Bitcoin is.


No, that is not what I said.  I didn't say I need someone else's permission to change the rules.  I can change them as I please.  But I can't force that change on anyone else.  If I could, **that** would be centralised and I'd be the central power.
Permission is not required; but you also can't force anything on anyone else.  That's why we describe it as a decentralised consensus mechanism.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:43:15
Having spent a lot of time in the US and Germany (but not being from either), I’m tempted to say that there are potentially many reasons other than the taxman that your friend would have to choose to stay in Germany rather than returning to the US...
@_date: 2019-07-18 08:16:10
The text you quoted is talking about DApps but more generally nodes that facilitate or conduct the exchange or transfer of value "on behalf of" others.  A loose reading would imply that even if a Lightning Node were not considered as conducting the transfer, it could be considered facilitating it.
However, I think any reasonable reading of the text would say no.  The reason being that the financial actors in a transaction are the two end-points, not the nodes that route transactions (even when they take a fee).  If the node behaved differently, for example by taking the funds and then *choosing* to route them on or not, then they would be a financial actor.
However this is not possible by design, and so from a legal perspective the node should be viewed closer to (although still not identical) the role of your ISP when accessing your internet banking.  All financial transaction information that you perform on your bank's website is transmitted from you, to your ISP, and then to the bank.  If the FATF were to consider a Lightning Node to be a financial actor for "facilitating transfer", they'd have to consider an ISP to be one as well (which is beyond silly).
Regulations and laws are intended to be read with an understanding of the *intent* and not simply any interpretation that you can make fit the words.  This is because human languages are inherently imprecise and so text can be interpreted in different ways.  It's the courts' job to determine which interpretation is valid in the case of disputes or disagreements.  The *intent* of the text - as I read it - is to ensure that people creating financial services that entirely use "virtual assets" rather than legally recognised currency are placed under the same regulatory framework as those that do use a legally recognised currency.  Therefore the easiest way to see if something should fall under it or not is to find an analogous (where possible) service in the fiat world.
@_date: 2019-07-15 13:15:15
I remember people saying that 5 years ago...
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:03:57


What do you think the word "forced" means?  You seem to use it differently than I would.
I am not forced to follow the consensus rules. I can choose not to and there's nothing anyone can do about that.  However - as I've now said multiple times - I can't force anyone else to accept transactions or blocks that I send to them.  That's their free choice and there's nothing I can do about that.
@_date: 2019-07-08 09:49:26
Clearly you don't get it then.
@_date: 2019-07-05 16:21:25
I'm not sure if I'm having trouble communicating to you or if I'm misunderstanding your answers... sorry...


Which I also said, so we're in agreement.


Which I didn't do, nor did anyone else in this thread, so I don't know why you bring it up.


Also agreed.  And specifically, I think we should be focusing on those parts of life that are not improving as much or are getting worse (even while on aggregate it is getting better).  One of those parts - for most people around the world - is housing quality (including size).
@_date: 2019-07-19 07:50:09


Fixed that for you...
Note that I'm not saying it won't; just that you have no possible way of knowing that.  You're gambling and presenting it as anything else is harmful to others who might read it and believe you know something they don't.
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:32:42
Based on your other replies (where you mention "mirrors" of the site and the fact that your PGP key is uploaded there), you're talking about a Dark Net Market.  Don't worry, we're all grownups here and won't judge you.
The fact that you can see it on SmartBit (and as has been pointed out to you, no they don't have your BTC) on the address that you sent to means that it is 100% absolutely there at that address.  The fact that the market in question didn't credit your balance with them when they received it at that address means that either the market is scamming you, the market has a bug, or that address doesn't actually belong to the market.  That second case could happen if there were a man-in-the-middle attack changing the address that was given to you to send to; it got changed by malware on your computer during copy/paste; or you somehow just entered it wrong manually (unlikely since addresses have checksums).
Generally speaking: If it's a smaller market, they probably scammed you.  If it's a larger market, they might have a bug, or it's something on your end.
However, the fact that the receiving address on the market changed after you sent to it would imply that their wallet code follows best practice and doesn't reuse addresses.  That is, they *did* receive the BTC on that address and are now providing you a different one should you choose to send more.
I'd be leaning towards either them scamming you, or a bug in their code.  It could be that their backend somehow credited that deposit to a different user for example (who is now probably enjoying some quality illicit substances at your expense).
I'd recommend contacting the market directly and giving them the transaction ID.  Don't be accusatory, just state the facts.
I'd also recommend in the future using markets that don't require holding your BTC.  Many markets now have multisig setups with vendors so you send to the vendor directly but they can't access it until the market counter-signs the transaction that forwards it on to a wallet 100% under the vendor's control.  That way, they don't have to deal with all the headaches of making sure their financial code works perfectly (piss off enough big vendors by getting it wrong and suddenly law enforcement are the least of your worries).
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:42:38
If it weren’t, “proof-of-work” wouldn’t be (“proof” or “work”).
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:54:39
If you use a middle-man of any kind, it may take some complexity away from you, but it'll definitely cost you more.
I don't know French or Maltese law, but I can at least say that as far as the EU is concerned, there are no real issues of any kind.
Here in Germany, it's quite straightforward, so France should be similar I'd hope.  Essentially, you just need to ensure that you're denominating everything in euro, all of the deductions are done in euro and paid out accordingly, and then the remainder (the amount the employee actually receives) can be paid in any manner that you and the employee mutually agree to.
So, you'd have a contract with the employee saying that you'll (for example) pay them according to a specific publicly established exchange rate (e.g. Kraken's listed BTC/EUR rate) as at 7pm on the last workday of the month.  They provide you with an address or list of addresses and you print on the payslip (separate to the euro amount that is their legally defined net income and must still be there) that you completed payment by transferring &lt;x.xx&gt;BTC to address &lt;xyz&gt; in transaction ID &lt;abc&gt; (the transaction ID isn't strictly required from a legal standpoint, but I'd recommend it in case of disputes).
Three points:
1. My experience is only with Germany.  I can't say that it is the same in France.  You should talk to an expert to find out.
2. My experience is only with Bitcoin.  I can't say that it is the same for other crypto that may have a different legal status (tokens that are considered securities for example almost certainly will have a different status  and set of rules to coins that are considered money-like-instruments).
3. If the Bitcoin (or maybe other crypto) that you're paying is used in your business for anything other than transfer of monetary value, there may be additional legal obligations.  For example, a miner that has mined coins wanting to pay employees using those coins may have a lot of additional reporting and paperwork to deal with.  However a business that is paid in Bitcoin for their goods and services should have no additional concerns to pay their employees using the Bitcoin they received from their customers.
As a final disclaimer: I'm not a financial law or tax expert, even in Germany where I'm somewhat familiar with this.  You really should talk to an expert to confirm or correct anything I've said here.
@_date: 2019-07-08 11:07:23
I do use it as such... I pay my rent, buy groceries, and many other things using bitcoin directly.  For those things that I can't, I use a fiat denominated credit card, which I then pay off using BTC so that I don't need to hold any fiat.
However, even those who don't spend it are still using it.  Simply holding money is a use of it.  It's the use of transferring value from now to later (assuming all of these people are at some point planning on actually spending it).
@_date: 2019-07-28 19:11:32
If the energy spent thus far hadn't been spent, you could write the whole chain in an instant.  Absolutely the spent work has value.
@_date: 2019-07-31 09:20:32
Since the passphrase is any word or phrase you want, it's the same level of additional security as a password.  That is, if you use "*password*" it'll probably be cracked in seconds; but if you use "*My French Hen goes cluck cluck moo but my Diamond Armpit Hair isn't a Pug-Nosed Frog*" then someone could put every supercomputer in the world to the task of cracking it and never have a snowball's chance in a volcano.
(of course, now that that exists on the internet, don't use that exact phrase... it *was* safe until I wrote it, now it isn't.  Same deal as [*Correct Horse Battery Staple*](
@_date: 2019-07-28 14:46:22
@_date: 2019-07-28 10:03:44
Why do you dismiss that it’s decentralised?
By virtue of being decentralised, it is free from the ability of corrupt actors (e.g. governments and central banks) to manipulate its behaviour to suit their interests at the expense of yours. That alone should be enough. 
Concrete examples:
* Can’t increase supply at will, giving themselves an economic advantage before the rest of the economy can access the newly created money. 
* Can’t censor transactions they view as being against their interests, giving themselves the ability to censor political speech against them. 
* Can’t decide to use your money against your will to “bail out” their friends after they screwed up and lost all their money.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:30:42
I have a One Zimbabwe Dollar note and a One Hundred Trillion Zimbabwe Dollar note.  I'd honestly rather burn a one US Dollar note than either of those, given that it's much easier to get another US Dollar than either of those for a cost of less than one US Dollar!
@_date: 2019-07-25 09:59:04
You seem to think that simply owning a lot of Bitcoin imparts some kind of special power.  It doesn't.
I can not believe for a moment that CSW is Satoshi.  I emailed a little bit with Satoshi before he disappeared and the two people couldn't be any more different.
Even in the ridiculous scenario that he is, I don't care.  There's absolutely nothing he could do with that money other than "be a rich asshole" like many other rich assholes that already exist in the world.
What do you think he could actually do that any of us should care about enough to "take action" against?
@_date: 2019-07-31 15:16:03


No no, not at all.  Don't worry, we're on the same page I think.  It was an enjoyable discussion.
@_date: 2019-07-16 04:40:12
That's correct.  But why are you equating volatility and risk?  They are fundamentally different things.
@_date: 2019-07-31 08:45:09


Good to hear.  But to be honest, my answer wasn't specifically directed at your situation... I meant it more in general.


As an anti-theist, I'm not sure "mission work" is quite my cup of tea... But I do indeed find it rewarding to volunteer and donate my time, energy, money, and skills towards helping those in need.  I'm actively involved in a lot of such projects from local community level through to global.
@_date: 2019-07-05 15:24:39


This is uniquely American (and even then, only some parts of the country).  In the rest of the world, lower income groups have progressively been moved from the family house to apartment life.  Many larger houses are now divided in to two (or more) residences as the population grows and the cost of owning (or renting) physical space skyrockets accordingly.
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:16:40
That seems like a lot of text to argue against something I never said. 
For reference, I agree with everything you wrote but don’t see at all how it relates to the previous part of the discussion.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:54:57


This is unnecessary.  They can and will have multiple channels open with different peers and do not need to pay anything special for the privilege.  If a node were to charge high fees for being well connected, it would quickly find itself routed around by new collections of channels with lower fees.  Due to the anonymity of the network, it ensures that actors will charge "as much as they can, but not a satoshi more" for routing because there is no practical way to conspire to create choke-points on the network.
The coffee shop does not know or care who its channel partners are for the same reason that the majority of other users don't.  It's not relevant and is better managed by automated systems than manually.  Manual channel management will always be suboptimal and lead to worse connections with higher total fees than automated channel management can provide.


This is incorrect.  There are multiple potential paths so that the failure of a single node is generally unable to disconnect any peers from being able to communicate with each other.


Having worked professionally in this industry for longer than many people have known about its existence, I assure you I know it very well and your failure to provide anything other than vague references just shows the kind of bullshit you're spreading.


I've been familiar with IOTA since it was still just a conceptual idea.  I actually quite liked the idea of a DAG when I first read about it, but the evidence of the real world combined with further study shows the implementation in IOTA to be flawed at best and the entire concept of a DAG to be irreparably broken at worse.
@_date: 2019-07-15 11:50:28
View from outside the US:
Trump is a moron that managed to get elected because he appeals to the demographic that likes simple black and white thinking rather than actually having to acknowledge that the world has a lot of complexity to it.
Most of his competition were also terrible but in different ways.  Some seem to like nanny-states, others have idiotic ideas about fiscal policy, and yet others seem to be interested in bringing back/instating American colonialism.  Despite none looking like a good choice for leader of the most powerful nation on Earth however, it's also the case that none were as bad of a choice as Trump.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:18:39
Always interesting to randomly browse through, but it's worth noting very strongly that address != wallet != individual.
That is:
* One person may have more than one wallet.
* One wallet may have more than one address with unspent coins.
* One address may represent custodial holdings for many people (e.g. part of an exchange's cold storage).
* An address may represent a script that requires multiple parties to access and/or with specific rules on how and when.
* An address may have no known private key and thus be inaccessible to anyone (e.g. 1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE, which as of right now has had over 13.2 BTC sent to it, most recently less than two months ago)
So, you can indeed use this site to see how many UTXOs are associated with specific addresses, but this tells you nothing useful about ownership distribution of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:12:46
Because some of us want ethical porn.  There's a lot of porn out there that exploits the actresses and treats them very poorly.  I'm happy to pay independent creators like if the content is worth it.
(and yes, I'm happily married and happily enjoy porn both together with my wife as well as alone - which my wife has no problem with; anyone who has a stick up their arse when it comes to people enjoying sex and sexuality really needs to grow up)
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:02:17
That's a strawman.  I never claimed that you or your point of view are my enemy or that I feel the need to defend myself.  I'm simply pointing out that you're objectively and categorically wrong.
@_date: 2019-07-23 16:22:31
If you ask my son (5 years old) what Daddy does for work, he says “Bitcoin”. He still hasn’t quite got the concept of “companies” (or “money” to be honest).
@_date: 2019-07-29 04:34:52
I'd like to know where the word "productive" comes from in that sentence.
Unnatural inflation (e.g. that caused by an increase in money supply) certainly encourages activity, because you'd be a fool to hold on to money that decreases in value over time rather than move it in to something else.  But when there isn't anything "good" right now to move it in to, you'll instead be encouraged to waste it.
This throw-away society we have, where people buy tonnes of useless crap that they don't actually care about is a direct result of unnatural inflation caused by the effortless printing of money.  It's not a good thing.
With a fixed money supply, (value) inflation and deflation occur with growth and shrinkage of the total economic activity.  This inflation or deflation acts as a pressure against the growth or shrinkage, ensuring that any moves that happen are indeed 'real' and not being artificially forced by something.
Under such a system, you can expect economic growth to be slower when measured against times of apparent prosperity of a fiat system, but it won't suffer the terrible crashes and eventual total collapse that befall every fiat system given enough time.
@_date: 2019-07-03 15:30:16
The traditional ways of “getting your money to work for you” mostly break down in a fixed supply economy. 
During times of total economic growth, there is pressure against spending (i.e. deflation) which makes growth slower, but also stronger (less likely to collapse under an economic reversal).
During times of economic decline (which causes crises under the existing framework), spending pressure increases as there is now inflation. This encourages investment and growth, pushing back against the economic decline. 
However in both of these cases, the usual ways that you can “use money to make money” are also economically discouraged. Basically you’d have to try to play the whole market, timing your actions around the turning points between growth and decline. These generally don’t happen all that often, so I don’t think you can viably “stay rich without doing anything” under this model.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:59:53
Honestly, I'm always a bit ashamed of our community whenever an attractive woman demonstrates intelligence.  There are far too many comments on her looks and nowhere near enough on what she said.
Yes, she's a very attractive young woman.  I agree.  But before posting something on the internet, picture if you'd say it in person right in front of her.  If so, go for it; if not, maybe consider a little restraint?
(for reference: I'm not just white-knighting here; I'm more trying my best to change internet culture so my daughter - who is also very smart and probably going to be considered classically "hot" when she's older - might not have to deal with as much of this when she appears in YouTube videos talking about whatever incredible technologies or so on that she's involved in)
@_date: 2019-07-24 14:20:50


Agreed and I didn't say it did.  If you are arguing that the people who committed worse crimes should have harsher penalties than Ross got, you're consistent.  However I don't see you arguing that; only that Ross's punishment should not be compared to others which I actually disagree with.
Crimes are punished according to their severity.  If one crime is more severe than another by the metrics we agree on as a society, it gets a harsher punishment.  A kid who steals a candy bar from a shop should get a punishment, but if it's worse than the punishment we give to someone who commits armed robbery, we've got an issue on our hands.


Out of interest, what the hell is your interest in Bitcoin?
I wasn't talking about the law, I was talking about what he deserves.  That's a question of morality and not of law.  If you can't see the difference between the two, then you are a person I honestly hope to never meet in person because you scare the living shit out of me.


Then you're a heartless monster, because no, I wouldn't.  I'd want to know whether they knew they were causing harm or not.  I'd want to know why they were in that situation to begin with.  I'd want to know whether they were under any duress from others.  I'd want to know a million fucking things before I sentenced them to any punishment.  After so many lives have been destroyed or ruined, I don't want to add one more to it just as retribution.  I want to get as much info as possible to work towards fixing the problem that lets this happen in the first place.


Alright then, let's lock up the phone company execs.  There's enough crime organised and committed over the services that they provide.


What the fuck?  No, no it isn't.  Get out of your bubble.
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:22:28
No, you're either a poor troll, or someone who thinks they know what they're talking about but really doesn't, which is unfortunately nearly indistinguishable from a troll.
If you think Bitcoin is centralised, you either don't understand Bitcoin or you don't understand what "centralised" means.
Trying to say you're offering clarity in systems theory is just material, since you're not offering clarity and also likely don't understand anything about systems theory beyond reading the first paragraph on wikipedia.
@_date: 2019-07-28 06:46:04
I still work and I get paid in BTC.  I don't hold any amount of fiat for any longer than absolutely necessary.
Almost all of my bills and other expenses are denominated in fiat.  Most of my bills and other expenses require payment in fiat.  For those that don't, I pay in BTC directly.  This includes most of my groceries, my rent, a lot of "misc" things online, and a few larger purchases like my 2nd hand car a little over a year ago.
For expenses that do require payment in fiat (for example, diesel for my car), I pay with a credit card that I then pay off using Bitcoin.  For recurring bills that require payment in fiat and expect to draw it from a bank account (e.g. my kids' private school), I exchange exactly that amount of BTC to euro a day or so before they pull it.  Other than those cases, my bank balance stays at a constant zero balance.
I actively try to eliminate fiat purchases from my life.  Paying rent in BTC is because there were several places I was interested in renting and simply asked each of them if they'd take Bitcoin.  Most said no, one said "what's that?" and after I explained it, he accepted, so that's where I now live.  It was a similar story buying my car.  Right now, I'm actively discussing it with my kids school so that after this coming school year (which has already been paid in euro), they'll be able to accept Bitcoin for school fees as well.
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:34:57
Because I don't hold any fiat currency and I still need to eat, have a roof over my head, and so on.
Why does anyone spend money?
@_date: 2019-07-08 21:07:43
Looking at my transaction history, last week I did 24 on chain transactions.  That's a fairly typical week for me, so let's call it an average of 3 transactions per day.
Setting up a Lightning wallet and opening several well-funded channels is going to cost me more in on-chain fees than one day of on-chain transactions, but after only a few days, it'll be better value for money to have done so.  By the time I've had those channels open a couple of weeks, I'll have saved significant amounts.
The only reason I still do so much on-chain is because most of the people I'm making payments to don't use Lightning yet.  I'm actively encouraging them to do so, so we'll see how things look a few months from now.
@_date: 2019-07-13 11:31:58
Example: ABcdefghijklmnop12!@
(note: Emoji 12.0 is used for the drop of blood; it may not display correctly on your device)
@_date: 2019-07-03 06:10:32
That’s only true in the short term. 
Under the current system, new money can be printed at will, diluting the value of all existing money, but not before those who printed it are able to spend it at the “old” value.  
With Bitcoin, if you don’t economically contribute, the amount of bitcoin you hold will only decrease over time. Monetary value will flow from those who have it and don’t do anything to earn more towards those who provide economic value to others through goods and services (i.e. a return to labour value instead of artificial value). 
Note this only works once bitcoin is the majority currency. Until then, the economy is controlled by fiat currency and bitcoin gets its exchange value primarily from speculation. 
This is why I am focused on increasing usability and other things that decrease barriers to adoption rather caring too much about how to fit Bitcoin in to existing monetary infrastructures.
@_date: 2019-07-08 11:36:56
I think there's more of us than most people realise.  We just get drowned out by the larger number of people running around screaming about their "profits".
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:52:51
This isn't new (been doing it since February) and isn't something they hide.  They charge between 0.3% and 1% in fees.  0.3% from their LN Node itself, and the rest from Lightning routing fees.
If you don't want to pay it, set up your own lndhub, point the wallet at that, and only pay Lightning routing fees.
@_date: 2019-07-12 04:57:40
I think that depends on what you value as accomplishments.
I'd rather be a relatively unknown, moral, middle-class, decently-intelligent human being than a famous, morally bankrupt, moronic, billionaire president.
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:24:38
As others have pointed out, you don't really get how transactions are included in blocks and how confirmations work, but all of that aside: Yes, your maths checks out, but because it relies on many assumptions that are false, it's meaningless.
Another assumption that it relies on which others haven't pointed out is that the hash power is "available".  NiceHash can't give you this amount of hash because they don't have it.  You can't set it up yourself quickly because there aren't enough ASICs on the market available and you'd need to place an order with a fab to have them produced.  If you placed that order, the price would go up because the fabs only have limited capabilities and are already full with orders.  You'd also need somewhere to run the equipment (including power generation that can provide that much energy).  Assuming you get by all of the hurdles, a couple of years will have passed and the global hash rate will be way ahead of you.  You'll also be so deeply invested in the mining business that you'll have more incentive to mine honestly than trying to pull off any kind of attack.
@_date: 2019-07-09 22:27:32
But the important point is that the government has no ability or authority to use that newly printed money for the things you cited (or anything else) because the only way the government gets that new money is the same way anyone else does: take it as a loan that is to be paid back (with interest).
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:51:02
You still should do the transaction so that you can consolidate all your inputs and migrate to a segwit wallet, but the point of importing the seed is so that you're creating that transaction using a wallet that will let you use a custom fee.
@_date: 2019-07-24 05:20:44


We can.  But that'd be fundamentally less secure and not particularly useful either.
We could all agree for example that we:
1. Create a transaction on the blockchain with an OP\_RETURN value containing a special uniquely identifiable header, followed by a name, followed by an address or a public key.
2. Have client software that supports a function called "Send to name"
3. The client software scans the blockchain and uses the oldest instance of a name to figure out the address to send to.
1. There's nothing stopping people using similar looking names, just like fake domain names in the DNS space.
2. You shouldn't reuse addresses (increases risk of future quantum computer attack).
3. You shouldn't advertise public keys (increases risk of future quantum computer attack).
4. This only works for on-chain transactions and we shouldn't be doing all transactions on-chain anyway.
5. "Send to name" isn't something you really do in the real world all that much anyway.  Most payments are either "pay to the person standing in front of me" or "pay to this account which is a long string of numbers".
I'd rather work on improving the experience of off-chain transactions and the uses cases that aren't as fluid as they could be right now.
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:58:30
already gave you the best answer, but I just want to reiterate something he said that needs to be spelled out again clearly:


I point this out because you said:


It's extremely important to realise that a third party company hosting a "wallet" online is essentially an unregulated bank.  If you store your bitcoin with them, they have control over it and can run away with your money with very little that you can do about it.  Even if they are honest, they are an attractive target for hackers (since they have a lot of different people's money; not just yours) and so your money is at a greater risk of being stolen from them than it is from you if you take proper precautions (e.g. storing the seed phrase offline in a secure location having never been typed in to a computer or other device; not in a text file on your Windows desktop).
For small amounts of bitcoin, I generally recommend using a reputable and trustworthy mobile based wallet (mobiles are harder to hack than desktop/laptop computers and generally have less viruses).  Since mobile devices are still "hot" (online) though, for any not-insignificant amount of money, I recommend investing in a hardware wallet.  You could alternatively also learn a lot and roll-your-own offline wallet solution cheaper and potentially more securely, but for most people the learning curve to do that introduces more risk than any risks associated with the hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-07-30 13:57:43
I think it's incredibly unlikely that people trying to manipulate things through automation and deceit will ever stop.  However, in the unlikely event that they are, I'd be quite happy about it.  The exchange rate to fiat would tumble for a while and I'd get a chance to acquire greater amounts of Bitcoin because of it.
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:49:57


Ummm, no.  My money *is* Bitcoin.  And no one sold it to me, I earned it.
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:53:25
This is absurd.
Handing someone a lump of gold is indeed a way to pay someone, but it's not a very good one.  Handing someone dollars is somewhat better, but still has a lot of drawbacks and problems.
This is also true of Bitcoin on-chain transactions.  They are a way to pay someone, but not a very good one.
Gold, Dollars, and Bitcoin can all have "payment systems" built around them.  It's hard for Gold, since it can't be digitised (only represented by digital assets).  Both dollars and bitcoin can be "natively" digital and so more advanced payment systems can be built.
None of this however has anything to do with whether or not they can be called currencies.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:05:02
Again, you're not paying any attention to what I'm saying.
I already said it is not a fucking investment, so calling it a "shitty investment" isn't even wrong.  It's not a good investment, it's not a shitty investment.  **It is not an investment.**
If you lost money because you treated it as an investment, that is your own fault.  If you're "super poor and struggling" and you lost money through treating something as an investment when you shouldn't, then you're a fool as well.
I'm sure you have seen some people making price predictions here.  I'm sure you've also seen a thousand people saying things like "be prepared to lose everything" and "don't invest more than you can lose".  While I think their wording leaves something to be desired, you can't say you somehow saw all the price predictions but failed to see that.
And again: The bitcoin experts aren't the ones saying any of this crap about the value of it in fiat, so *again* stop blaming them and Bitcoin for your own mistakes.
@_date: 2019-07-05 15:30:21


Then why do you believe it will continue to have value?
Bitcoin either:
1. Will change the world, which justifies its value.
2. Will not change the world, which implies a future value of very close to zero.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:15:20
There's nothing wrong with sex work.  There's a lot wrong with how a lot of sex work is organised and managed.  Don't get the two mixed up.  Independent sex workers are providing a wanted service and get to be their own boss.  They're not being exploited and are fully in control of their business.  Stop being a prude.
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:09:42
That is not the definition of "centralised" and "decentralised" that anyone else uses or means when they talk about Bitcoin.
Centralised systems are ones where one specific entity has control over the whole environment or acts as an authority.  Decentralised systems are ones where no entity has the ability on their own to influence the system as a whole.
You're right that it's a kind of democratic, but it's not strictly democracy either because the majority can't actually suppress the minority.  It's definitely nothing like a representative democracy though and actually leans somewhat more towards anarchy in many ways.  Even if 75% of Bitcoin users suddenly decided that they wanted to have unlimited supply and 128MB blocks, I simply wouldn't run that.  *My* Bitcoin would still be enforcing *my* rules (and I assume at least some of the remaining 25% would agree with me, so I could interact with them).  Sure, we might lose an argument about who is the "real Bitcoin" at that stage, but I'd rather be on a fork that maintains the rules I agree with than on one I don't, no matter who the majority gives the name to.
(thankfully, I'm pretty sure that's a hypothetical situation that will never actually come to pass)
@_date: 2019-07-10 04:37:22
Don't know, don't care.
Will blocks still be being consistently produced? Yes?  Good.  
Will it still have a fixed supply with algorithmically determined release? Yes? Good.  
Will it still be decentralised and censorship resistant? Yes? Good.
Why should I care about the exchange rate to USD if I don't care about USD?
@_date: 2019-07-11 16:36:03
Products tend to grow to a broad market with a lot of competition because needs, wants, and even just taste can differ between people.
Protocols and standards tend to start off broad and narrow down to "the best" because there's no value in having more than one.  HD-DVD vs Blu-Ray; VHS vs Betamax; IPX/SPX (and twenty or so others) vs TCP/IP; etc etc.
What most people get wrong is thinking that "consensus money" is more like a product.  It isn't.  It is a protocol.  It is a standard.  Competition doesn't make sense and over time, all but one will die.  I'm highly confident that one will be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:26:30
1. You definitely should spend the least valuable kind of money first.  If I had fiat, I'd spend it before spending my bitcoin.  However, some time back, I realised the logical conclusion of saying I value bitcoin over fiat is to simply stop holding fiat.  Therefore I do spend bitcoin, because it's the only money I have.
2. Volatility doesn't affect income and expenses all that much unless you're living paycheque to paycheque.  If you have any savings at all, you can take a hit on the bad months and make up for it in the good months.  Since the overall trend has been up, there have (definitionally) been more good months than bad ones.
3. Definitely true that there aren't a lot of places you can spend BTC directly.  Where I can't spend it directly, I use a fiat denominated credit card that I then pay off using BTC, so as to avoid holding fiat at all.
@_date: 2019-07-10 04:03:22
Yep.  Most people still have no idea.
@_date: 2019-07-10 08:07:34
Awww, thanks :)
@_date: 2019-07-31 07:35:45
A lot of how to answer your question depends on where in the world you live, what amounts of Bitcoin you're talking about, and your overall lifestyle/requirements/living arrangements/etc (the answers are very different for a 16 year old at home with their parents in the UK; a 25 year old independent guy in a small SoCal apartment; and a 40 year old man with a wife and two kids in Germany (that's me)).
General things:
1. Earning BTC is always better than exchanging fiat currency for it since exchanging is either expensive, restrictive, or both (this is due to regulation around the fiat currency more than it is because of anything to do with Bitcoin).  
Personally, I earn BTC from my "9 to 5" employer as well as from consulting work on the side.  I don't accept fiat currency payments.  You can advertise services or browse for jobs over on if you just want to do smaller side gigs (larger or full-time jobs usually don't get advertised there).  Alternatively if you're creative, then producing and selling things for BTC online is easier than ever with a number of plugins for popular web shops.
2. Exchanging Bitcoin for fiat comes with the same issues as exchanging fiat for Bitcoin - expensive, restrictive, or both.  It is of course necessary sometimes though, since Bitcoin isn't yet very widely accepted in most parts of the world.  
I generally avoid this by instead using a credit card and then paying that off using Bitcoin (essentially that's the "exchange" happening there, but it avoids that I actually need to hold any fiat).  This isn't a widely available option either though unfortunately, so depending on where you are, you probably should look in to things like LocalBitcoins or Mycelium Local Trader.  They tend to have the least friction, but you do need to look out for scammers giving terrible exchange rates or even (in the case of personal meetings for trades) physical attacks/mugging.  
On the rare occasions that I can't use Bitcoin directly OR my credit card and absolutely must make a payment in fiat, I do trade some BTC for fiat on an exchange (having gone through all the annoying KYC and so on), but this really is rare.  So far this year, I've done it exactly twice.
@_date: 2019-07-03 18:14:22
I posted what?
@_date: 2019-07-23 07:13:03


Given your statements were about scaling of Bitcoin, I don’t see how artificially limiting the scope after the fact is intellectually honest.


I don’t “have to remember” that at all. You’re making another claim without evidence.


I only hold BTC. Zero fiat and zero shitcoins. So yes, I use BTC for payments (however for accuracy in my reply to the exact wording of your comment, I don’t "buy" BTC, I earn it).


I disagree. BCH zero-conf acceptance relies on the good will of the network participants. There’s no network rule that disallows propagation and block inclusion of a replacement transaction. Therefore BTC with Lightning is capable of trustless instant transactions and BCH is not.


I pay fees for network security and am happy to do so. I don’t consider those points to be advantages when they eliminate the purpose.


Segwit did increase the block size. Personally I would have preferred that it didn’t, but I generally consider any changes to the core protocol to be disruptive and therefore requiring well argued reasons that meet a threshold of usefulness balanced against the disruption.  Just as I didn't see sufficient reason to increase the block size then, I don't see sufficient reason to increase *or* decrease it now.


I think you have a different definition of "currency" than I do.  You seem to be using it synonymously with "payment system" since things like transaction time and transaction cost seem to be important to your definition.  I already agreed that on-chain BCH is a slightly better payment system than on-chain BTC; but I consider this to be irrelevant and uninteresting when BTC is able to have other payment systems added on top without damaging its fundamental properties as a currency.


Of course BCH can have other systems layered on top.  That could even bring it nearly on par with BTC from a purely technical standpoint if implemented correctly (although still somewhat behind due to the myriad disadvantages of having blocks that can get very large).
However even if it were able to become 100% as good technically, it'd still be a worse system because Bitcoin isn't a purely technical system - it's also an economic system (i.e. social) and therefore there is actual value in things like network effect, first mover advantage, and so on.  At times, these even cross-over with the technical side.  For example, the accumulated proof-of-work in BTC makes it (at the moment) much more secure than BCH.  There'd need to be a strong incentive for miners to switch away from BTC to BCH to be able to build up the same amount of accumulated work.  Since that incentive doesn't exist, this isn't happening.
If you can make a cogent case for why the incentive does exist, can you explain why the majority of miners - including very large ones that are high-value, high-stakes businesses who hire extremely intelligent professionals to analyse these things - are mining on the BTC chain rather than the BCH chain? (full disclosure: I work very closely with a number of these professional analysts, so this isn't just assumption on my part that they exist)
@_date: 2019-07-12 12:25:31
!lntip 500
@_date: 2019-07-24 13:42:56
I don't see why anyone would call Andreas "salty and crass".  I find him very personable, friendly, and even quite funny at times when he wants to be.
I gave this video a chance, but gave up half way after he'd gone through his description of why Bitcoin isn't the first two properties of money: a store of value or a medium of exchange.  I didn't bother waiting for the description of "unit of account" since I agree it's not really used as one yet, so whether his description of that is right or wrong isn't as problematic to me.
Store of value: No, this does not mean it keeps the same purchasing power over time to anyone that I know who uses the phrase.  Using it this way doesn't line up with any of the economic textbooks I've read that use it either.  According to the majority - and the aforementioned textbooks - it means that the value can't be significantly diluted in its own terms.  1 BTC is always 1/21000000 of the total supply.  Therefore holding 1 BTC will never be worth less than 1 BTC even if the purchasing power of it changes of time.  Gold is as an example of something which is "extremely good" as a store of value since it's very hard to dilute and was the best example we had prior to 2009, but we never had a "perfect" store of value until the invention of Bitcoin.  Dollars are a very poor store of value, since they're created quite effortlessly and the supply is both unknown as well as unlimited.
Medium of exchange: I don't even get what his main point here was.  Maybe it was something like: most people are living paycheque to paycheque, they can't risk settling fiat denominated expenses in Bitcoin because of the fluctuations in value between the two.  This is flawed in that absolute volatility is lower if you reduce the time between earning and spending.  Many people do have enough money that even if they missed one paycheque entirely, they'd still be able to make ends meet until the next one.  Even if it had an overall flat trend instead of upwards, downwards volatility between earning and spending would be cancelled out by equivalent upwards volatility.
All of that is also completely irrelevant since "medium of exchange" simply means whether or not you can exchange it for goods and services easily.  I do so (as do many other people), and therefore it is *objectively* a medium of exchange no matter his opinions on whether people should "want" to do so or not.  He also made the assumption here that anyone holding bitcoin also holds fiat and therefore can choose which they'd spend.  While true for many people, the only reason to spend Bitcoin over fiat is the belief that the Bitcoin will be worth less at some point in the future.  If you hold this belief, you should sell your Bitcoin for fiat.  If you don't, you should spend fiat first.
Then there are those of us who take this to the logical conclusion and **don't hold any fiat at all**.  I don't have the choice to spend fiat first, because I don't have any.  Holding fiat is equivalent to saying that I believe it will - over the time scale that I'm holding it for - lose value less rapidly (or gain value more rapidly) than Bitcoin.  Since I don't profess any ability to see the short term future, this is pure and simple gambling.  In hindsight, I can identify myriad times it was better to hold fiat and myriad times it was better to hold Bitcoin, but prognosticating on that is just delusional.  So, since I see the long-term trend of fiat is to have less value (by design) and the long term trend of Bitcoin is up (due to its fundamental properties), I hold Bitcoin and not fiat.
@_date: 2019-07-18 07:56:32


I see the biggest advancements coming in terms of "seamless" payment solutions that can have mass adoption.
Right now, many people view Bitcoin as if it *is* a payment solution, but of course it's not, it's a currency.  The "inbuilt" payment solution is on-chain transactions which are - quite bluntly - a really crap payment solution.  The security of a transaction is a function involving time since the transaction, the fees paid on the transaction, the business of the network, and so on.  It's a user experience nightmare for those without a deeper understanding.
If I can walk in to a shop and touch my mobile device or a card to a payment terminal to transfer the correct amount of satoshis from my wallet to theirs without ever having to think about what's happening in the back-end, I have a good user experience.  If additionally the whole process also allows me to maintain financial sovereignty over my wealth, can not be censored or tracked, and is provably using Bitcoin (so I know the money itself has the properties I desire such as limited supply and global verifiability) then I have a reason to use it over payment methods that don't have these properties or payment methods that use underlying currencies with properties worse than Bitcoin.


That might be a factor of where you live.  I'm assuming you live in an affluent western nation and none of your normal financial activities (or activities that may involve financial aspects at some point) are considered illegal or otherwise punishable by your government or society.  In such nations, there isn't yet a strong and immediate "need" for the benefits that Bitcoin offers directly.  Instead, it's only those with a long term outlook that can see the negative direction that fiat currencies are headed in who see that Bitcoin is a way to avoid that future.
However in other places, people are more than familiar with the idea of not being able to use their money when they want to; or having their cash instantly declared as worthless; or having it devalued through inflation (and hyperinflation) to the point that "savings" is a meaningless term.  Those people do see an immediate need for Bitcoin and are more likely to adopt it before those who primarily value the future of it.


Ethereum is a nice idea, it just doesn't work.  Transactions on blockchains have a value, and everything that has a value has a cost that someone, somewhere is paying.  On open blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum, this "someone" is generally the person creating the transaction (very transparent and clear rather than hidden).  Smart contracts are just another kind of transaction.  This means there is a minimum cost associated with smart contracts.  Every smart contract that is *not* a financial transaction has a cost higher than the value you can extract from it (almost by definition, since otherwise it is a financial transaction).  This is the nature of asking everyone globally to run the same script and verify your contract outcome.  Every smart contract that *is* a financial transaction on the other hand can be built equally as well with the much simpler and more verifiable Bitcoin script and so can be implemented more effectively on Bitcoin than on Ethereum.
Blockchain approaches to things like logistics are just pure bandwagon-hype.  They suffer from the Oracle Problem (how do I know that this physical good is tied to that blockchain ledger entry?).  Blockchains can only track the state of their own information, or - with cryptographic proofs - the state of another chain; they are not - and will never be - able to track physical goods without a centralised point to say that "this good equals that digital entry".
People use Ethereum for their shitcoin tokens and so on because it seems cheaper and easier.  Building them on Bitcoin is possible, but Bitcoin transactions are quite expensive and so they view Ethereum as the better alternative.  However since the expense is largely based on the underlying security and the token value is largely based on the expense, all they end up doing is having a less valuable token.  It works in the short term for things like stable coins and other centralised systems where the "value" is dictated by printing and burning through a central authority, but since these are centralised systems anyway, a blockchain isn't actually needed and they'd be better off using a replicated database.  The only reason they do it on a blockchain is because someone convinced them it's "better" with some wishy-washy arguments that don't stand up to scrutiny.  It's essentially all hype.


Absolutely.  I don't see the shitcoin economy dying anytime soon.  I am reasonably hopeful though that its heyday is already behind us (peak was around late 2016 to mid 2017 I think) as people are beginning to see the litany of dead "blockchain projects" that all amounted to nothing.
Arguably, the only blockchains that have succeeded in doing anything at all of significance are Bitcoin and Ethereum; and when you look at Ethereum, you see that its only value comes from the millions of shitcoins built on top of it, so once they die, so does ETH.
I will say there are some interesting ideas in other systems that help understand edge cases.  Monero for example is an interesting privacy implementation... but it can't scale by its very nature and equivalent privacy can (and will) be available on Bitcoin in the future.  ZCash similarly offers another privacy approach, but also can't scale.  Mimblewimble also offers another interesting privacy concept as well as an interesting approach against the "every growing blockchain" storage question; however the tradeoffs in terms of capabilities for things like multisignature transactions, timelocks, and so on make it impractical as anything beyond a clever research concept (and Bitcoin can take some of these concepts and build them in as well, such as the proposals around confidential transactions).
@_date: 2019-07-05 16:06:53
This is true, but honestly it sounds like you're just trying to justify your statement now.
Do you actually think that smaller always equals better?  Or do you think that "on average" quality of life has stayed the same for the lower income groups and that they've just reduced living area, maybe some going to a worse place and some going to a better one?
If that's what you're trying to imply, then please just say it and provide some kind of reasoning (or evidence) to back it up.
I do think that overall, life is getting better for most people on average.  This is especially true as medicine improves and our access to general entertainment has exploded in range over the last few decades.  But nevertheless, there are aspects of life that I would say are becoming worse, and in most of the world - especially for the lower income groups - quality of living environment (of which size is one part) is one of those aspects.
@_date: 2019-07-22 14:21:28
Since you state this as “fact”, you can surely provide some evidence in the form of calculations right?
Because - frankly - I don’t agree. I think it can scale to many times the global financial activity when including offchain transactions.
@_date: 2019-07-31 06:33:12
You spent it on drugs.  Other people spent it on other things.  Other people heard about it but didn't get any at all.
It doesn't matter that you could've had a lot more Bitcoin, so could literally everyone on the planet that didn't immediately put *everything* in to Bitcoin the moment they heard of it.  But no one does that.  And honestly, rightly so, because when you very first hear of it, you don't know enough about it for that behaviour to make any sense.
I also spent a lot on drugs, but I've also spent a lot of it on a holiday to Tokyo with my wife and kids; a lot of it on rent; a lot of it on groceries; and many other things.  I also save as much of it as I can.
It's still early days.  Start saving some BTC now and you won't regret it later.
@_date: 2019-07-31 15:14:31


Actually this is *almost exactly* what they do.  When a bank gives you a loan, it's based on a concept called "fractional reserve".  That is, they only need to hold a fraction of the money they actually loan you; the rest is created entirely out of thin air with the "blessing" of the central bank overseeing it.  No physical cash is printed or minted of course, but that's irrelevant since physical cash only makes up a tiny percentage of any modern money supply; the vast majority of it only existing in databases.


No, it really isn't, but it sounds that way when you mischaracterise what I say (that's dangerously close to a strawman...).  I didn't say it's the availability of finance that inflates the cost, it's the availability of finance that doesn't cost anything to the generator of that finance.  Creating new dollars or euro costs nothing (especially in a database rather than physical cash).


No, and they don't need to.  They only know that they can sell widget x for $y to the car manufacturer.  The car manufacturer knows that it can sell that car to a consumer for $z.  If no consumer is willing to pay that (because "free money" finance doesn't exist anymore), the car manufacturer will not be able to sell it.  They'll start building cheaper cars that do fall in to the price range that people are willing to pay.  They'll demand cheaper prices on widget x, and the entire production chain - at all stages and in all vendor companies - will reduce profit margins down to what the market is actually willing to sustain.  In other words, cars will actually end up costing their true value.
At the same time however, the workers - who are also people who drive cars - at the company who makes widget x will still want fair pay.  They won't produce widgets if they don't get paid enough to ever be able to afford even a cheap car.  Their work (plus the work of the miners who mine raw materials that make widget x and so on and so on) will set a lower bound for the price of a car, otherwise cars simply won't get produced.
Now, you may be wondering how production costs can go down without paying people less (actually some overpaid people probably will get less, but that's not my problem; they were overpaid; but they're a rounding error in the bigger picture, so we can keep it simple and say that everyone is still paid a fair wage).  The answer is that the vendors who produce the various bits and pieces are also all running on various levels of debt under the current system.  The "costs" aren't actually real, since they all consist of virtual money that's been created through fractional reserve banking practices.  Removing them automatically lowers the production costs down to reality instead of being artificially inflated.


What? Why?  If the price of homes weren't disgustingly overinflated, you could rent a home while saving up to buy one if you couldn't afford to simply buy it outright.
Financing/mortgage for a home only makes sense when there's an infinite money supply, since otherwise there's literally no way for the debt to be repaid without taking that value away from someone else.
@_date: 2019-07-20 08:28:11


This does require the ability to know - or at least predict with greater than random chance accuracy - that there will be future points in time where the value will be lower than currently.
I don't believe that anyone realistically *can* predict market behaviour with significantly greater than random chance accuracy.  Those who believe they can because they have so far need to look more in to how "random" works.  You could be right on a 50/50 guess twenty times in a row, and that may increase your confidence in the methodologies you use for prediction, but you might just have been lucky and from here on out, the methodology won't work.
It's true that science is at least partly based around being able to use data to make predictions for the future and so it may appear that successes can be considered scientific confirmation, but that's ignoring that science also requires explanatory reasoning, otherwise you've still just got a hypothesis about a behaviour with a growing set of evidence, but are still far from something you can consider reliable (quantity of evidence for a hypothesis is insufficient; quality of evidence and explanatory reasoning that can make secondary predictions is required).
Please note I did say "*significantly greater than random chance*".  This is because I do think there is a small bias in favour of people that try to analyse the markets in that there are enough people doing it and using the same methodologies that it can be a self-fulfilling prophecy at times.  Enough people think it's going to go down, so sell, and it goes down because they all did.  Enough people think it's going to go up, so buy, and it goes up because they all did.  That said, I don't think there are enough of these people all using the same methodology for it to be a *significant* factor.  Other forces dominate that aren't as predictable and for anyone gambling on the markets like this, they will - over a long enough time frame - lose their gambles approximately 50% of the time if they're good, and more than that if they're not.  For some, a single big loss can wipe out the effects of many small wins, so if the gambling involves concepts like "reinvesting profits", long term break-even is the best you can hope for, and long term loss is likely.


I would question whether "their own knowledge" is any more trustworthy than the words of a random internet stranger if it's not based in reason.  I can "know" that 50% of the time my young son has been on a long international flight with me, we've gotten a free upgrade to premium economy and I could use this as data to "expect" free upgrades 50% of the time in the future when I take him with me.  I'd almost certainly be wrong though (so far, he's been on two flights with me, one of which we were upgraded).


I don't mean to brag, but I probably know more about Bitcoin than at least 95% of the people on this subreddit.  I have been involved in some form or other since 2010, used it significantly as a currency since 2014 and switched to it as my primary currency since late 2016, worked directly in the field for nearly two years, have written software that interacts with it, have performed economic analyses of large scale mining operations, and am currently considering writing a book about it.
I'd say I've invested quite a lot of time to learn about it, and do not consider the trading markets to be "pretty predictable" at all.
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:15:40
The problem is that as long as the supply chain is generally measured in a fiat currency, so will the good or service at the end most of the time.
You can nevertheless start doing it personally just to be the one voice around you doing so.  And once you do it enough, it even starts to feel more natural to you.
True anecdote:  I bought my second hand car (late model Ford Focus) about a year ago using Bitcoin.  It was denominated in euro, but settled in Bitcoin.  I can honestly say that I have absolutely no idea what the price was in euro.  I know that I paid 1.1 BTC.  I could certainly look up exchange rates from the time and give an estimate of the price of the car in euro, but unless I find it lying around on some old paperwork somewhere, I really don't know (and - better - don't care).
@_date: 2019-07-10 05:47:05
Not only read it, but also implemented my own (very crappy and not release-worthy) wallet while reading Mastering Bitcoin just to make sure I really understood it. 
However I do think it’s important to point out that while the technical aspects are extremely important, they exist solely to provide the economic behaviour that Bitcoin exhibits. If I had to choose between the majority of people understanding Bitcoin technically or the majority of people understanding Bitcoin economically, I’d go with economically every time.
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:55:10
Of course (and I actually see that as a good thing, as it helps the system actually function).  I'm not saying you should plan on having to fall back on them, just that you absolutely can if necessary.
It's still of course totally your call.  I can only say what I'd do in your situation.  You're not me and may have different preferences and choices.
@_date: 2019-07-03 15:42:19
No such records exist. There are records that my employer pays me in bitcoin, and earlier records from exchanges before I cut them out of the equation, but after that, it all disappears in a series of impossible to follow coinjoin transactions. I can easily claim I simply spent it all and don’t have any more. Or if I’m generous and want something more plausible, show them a decoy wallet with a couple of thousand satoshi in it.
@_date: 2019-07-10 08:06:42
The dark net markets are probably the easiest "go to"... I really don't know Atlanta at all, but if there's a relatively left-wing free-thinking university nearby, then typical student hangouts might be where you might want to make some quiet enquiries if you don't trust the DNMs.
But before you do, I recommend reading up on it and preparing properly.  It can be quite an intense experience for those unfamiliar with it and too many people have gotten themselves in trouble by being wholly unprepared.
Not trying to advertise, but since I did [write a book about it]( I'd be remiss not to suggest it as a good starting point for some initial research.
@_date: 2019-07-31 12:22:58


Actually, I don't think this.  I think it's important for there to be a plethora of nodes, but mining only needs to be moderately decentralised and certainly can be "big business".
Do you understand why non-mining nodes are vital to the economic sovereignty that Bitcoin provides?


On that, we're in complete agreement.  Why therefore do you support a concept of miners receiving essentially nothing on top of their newly generated coin?  What should happen when the new supply of coins is less than 1 a day (not that far in the future), or when it's zero (about 120 years from now)?  What incentive do the miners have if they can't live from the transaction fees?


Out of interest, how old are you?
My first connection was an acoustic coupler modem with 1200bps down and 75bps up.  That was in the late 1980s; I don't remember exactly, but let's call it 1987.  In 2007, I had a DSL connection of 50Mbit down and 15Mbit up.  That's about 42000 times faster in only 20 years, which massively outstrips a doubling every two years (doubling every two years would've been only 1024 times faster after twenty years).
Now, 12 years later, I have 1Gb down, 250Mb up.  That's 20 times faster.  Nothing to sneeze at sure, but after 12 years, I should be 64 times faster, not only 20.  Maybe I could upgrade already?  No, actually my provider doesn't offer anything faster here.  Average speeds are nowhere near doubling every two years.  Even if I can get a 10Gb home connection in six years from now (which I honestly doubt; that's a massive infrastructure project), I'll be 200 times the speed of that old DSL connection, but should be 512 times the speed.
What most people seem to forget about "doubling" is how quickly it gets out of control.  The reality of any technology is that in its infancy, it tends to grow incredibly fast but then slow down in improvements once it reaches maturity.  I have no doubt that - barring catastrophe - we'll all have Terabit internet connections at home one day, but I'm also positive that it'll be much longer than only another 20 years from now.
@_date: 2019-07-03 06:46:51
I do agree it’s extreme. But I also think it’s inevitable (discounting civilisation-destroying catastrophe). 
May we live in interesting times!
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:52:05
Even if hyperinflation means that 1m now isn't enough to buy yourself a packet of gum?
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:01:58
For kids: [Bitcoin Money](
For adults: [The Bitcoin Standard](
@_date: 2019-07-03 17:42:36
You don’t need a channel with the coffee shop. Just a channel with someone who has a channel with someone else who has a channel with someone else again, etc etc until one of them has a channel with the coffee shop. 
It’s a network, not individual payment channels.
@_date: 2019-07-16 07:26:15
Not a bad read, but I do wish the author had used the correct term "pseudonymous" instead of "pseudo-anonymous"; they're not exactly the same.
Pseudonymous = You can associate something with a pseudonym.  There is a unique identifier for activity, but there is no way within the system to tie that identifier to a real identity.  It doesn't rule out an external system tying the identifier to a real identity (e.g. an exchange doing KYC and recording your outgoing transactions against this data).  Another example outside of Bitcoin: "Dale Bewan" is a pseudonym that I use in many places online and also published a book under that name.  Reddit has no information that ties the pseudonym to my real identity, however Amazon does (since it was required to be able to sell my book there).
Pseudo-anonymous = "Something like anonymous, but not really".  You could argue that bank accounts (in many - but not all - countries) are pseudo-anonymous since the name associated with an account is kept secret from the general public and you - as a lay person - can't find out who the owner of an account.  In reality though, the bank knows and will give up this information under pressure (e.g. legal pressure from government; or technical pressure in a hack); and also many people that have been handed this information know; so it's not really anonymous in any meaningful way.
@_date: 2019-07-18 12:57:19


Because the description of Bitcoin as "a system with a very clear, obvious, intentional central set of rules" is incorrect.  That's not what Bitcoin is.  Not at all.  Not even a little bit.


Again, you're veering off in to territory here.  My maths skills really aren't too shabby and I have a degree in a field that requires formal logic, so feel free to make your case as a syllogism if you think it might help.  I suspect we'll spend a while trying to narrow your premises down though, so you should make sure those are very clear.
@_date: 2019-07-31 12:03:24
Coinbase, Bitpay, and those sorts of things aren't under your control.  They're custodial services and can absolutely do things like block access to your account, report things to tax authorities, or whatever else they want.  Essentially, it's not *your* Bitcoin - it's theirs and you've got a "promise" from them that you can have it when requested.  Similar to how your bank is the real owner of any money in your bank account, but with even less regulations around it and so even more chance of you not having access to it at some point.
You should get a real Bitcoin wallet (one where you control your own keys) and take payments that way.  If you have a website where you sell your art, then you might want to look in to [BTCPayServer]( to integrate for a more seamless and advanced payment experience.  If it's more 'personal sales', then a [normal end-user wallet]( would do where you just provide a new payment address to your customers each time manually.
If you want to convert the Bitcoin in to a fiat currency like dollars or similar, you'll need to do that as a separate step and may end up using something like Coinbase.  I can't give a lot of advice there, because I avoid fiat currency in general and prefer to only use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-31 10:59:39


I just tried it a few times, and while it's not difficult, you do have to be willing to at least accept that the "s" whitespace looks nowhere near as nice/obvious as in this image.
Because a pen line is much thinner than what is shown here, you have to draw it very small to have ratios anything like this symbol.  The "s" is still visible in most of my scribbles, but takes a fair bit more imagination.
@_date: 2019-07-02 04:33:52
It’s not all or nothing though. 
The majority of my BTC is on a hardware wallet; a smaller amount that I use for daily spending is on a mobile wallet; and an even smaller amount is on my Lightning node. 
If Apple provided a wallet (that did everything I need in a mobile wallet), I’d absolutely consider replacing my mobile wallet with it.
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:32:25
And why do you believe this will happen?  If he waits and the exchange rate goes in the other direction instead, all he's done is reduced the amount of BTC he eventually gets when he does decide to get some.
Unless you can accurately predict the future, this is terrible advice. If you can predict the future, what are you doing on reddit instead of enjoying your near infinite wealth?
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:37:56
If you're in a country that doesn't offer ATM services, why do you want USD rather than your local currency?
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:49:23
People use the following logic:
* Tether is printed like a fiat currency, and the statements about having real reserves are a lie; therefore it's infinitely inflatable and has no inherent true value.
* Several exchanges don't have "real" fiat currency trading pairs, instead using Tether as a proxy for USD.
* People trade between BTC and Tether on these exchanges.
* Therefore, when more Tether are printed, they can be used to acquire more Bitcoin, pushing up the perceived USD exchange rate despite the fact that no real USD were actually used.
This relies on several assumptions including that Tether isn't backed as stated.  It also implicitly (but not explicitly) assumes that Bitcoin derives its value from speculation alone as opposed to your more correct assumption that most of the value of Bitcoin is in the fundamental properties it has being backed by the security (measurable in energy input) of the Proof of Work system.
However, since plenty of people do only view Bitcoin as speculative, it's almost certainly true that artificially inflated trading pairs could influence the exchange rate between Bitcoin and fiat.  And therefore if Tether is artificially inflated, it could influence Bitcoin's USD rate.  It would not however have any real effect on the Bitcoin network and due to its fundamental properties, the value would recover naturally on its own over a relatively short time span.  It probably wouldn't look all that different to the other major "price crashes" that we've seen a few times already.
@_date: 2019-07-31 07:03:26
It still astounds me that we can call ourselves a civilised species and nevertheless let some members of our species suffer and die if they don't have the ability to pay for medical care.
Medical care - like education - benefits everyone in a society, not just those who receive it.  It's something we should all be collectively paying for in order to get the most benefit of economies of scale (keeping prices down and quality up).
(note that I'm all for the freedom of choice to not pay for it - I'm a socialist, not an authoritarian - but I'd argue that if you do choose that, you're also opting out of the society that does so and should no longer be able to participate in it.  In other words, go form your own society somewhere else if you disagree with everyone around you; exactly as with Bitcoin, where a disagreement in the rules causes a fork.)
@_date: 2019-07-17 12:06:24
Probably Romania, given the currency was mentioned as "lei".
But yeah, Sydney is also insane for cost of living.  I was there for 6 years before I said "screw it" and moved halfway around the world.
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:57:29


@_date: 2019-07-23 13:52:36


You're talking about solving a problem that's caused by the very activity we're talking about getting rid of.  With Bitcoin, those kinds of recessions don't happen.  Recessions can happen, but **that's not a bad thing**.   
 Recessions are when the total market economy is larger than the total requirements on it.  What's bad is when recessions are caused by the monetary policy rather than by external factors such as population changes, technology, climate, and so on.
Markets will naturally grow and shrink and monetary systems need to be able to handle this.  Monetary systems that attempt to *force* any kind behaviour ultimately just end up breaking down.  Forced permanent growth is *impossible* since nothing can grow forever.  Our current economic systems *require* permanent growth to function correctly.  This is exactly why and how we get such terrible recessions and why the "fix" that we apply just pushes it back for a while only for it to appear again a few years later even worse than it was the last time.
I don't know if the next one will be the "big one", but - if left untreated - at some point (probably soon, if not the next one), there'll be a crash that the usual policies won't recover from.  A major currency (maybe USD, maybe EUR, maybe both) will enter hyperinflation.  Such an event will *not* be pretty. 
The thing with Bitcoin is, that as a fixed supply currency, it's self-stabilising.  During times of market inflation, people are encouraged to spend (my money will be worth less tomorrow), increasing activity, which counters inflation.  During times of market deflation, people are encouraged to save (my money will be worth more tomorrow), decreasing activity, which counters deflation.
I'm hoping the world does come to its senses before a major financial catastrophe occurs, but if not, I'd rather be holding Bitcoin when it happens than anything else.
@_date: 2019-07-15 13:10:09


On the aggregate, I'm pretty sure they don't.  Most whales are making their profits off other whales.  Aggregated together, their total value is decreasing.


Individually, yes.  Aggregated, no.


Yes it will.  Who do you think they're buying their Bitcoin from?  I've said it several times now, Bitcoin has a limited supply.  They can't just "buy as much as they want" with the fiat supplies.  To use an extreme example, if 1 BTC is $10k, it would wrong to assume that you could buy 25 million BTC for $250 billion - you couldn't.  There aren't (and will never be) 25 million BTC in existence.  Even with $100 billion, you couldn't buy 10 million BTC.  Even if there are 10 million BTC floating around on the open market, trying to actually do so, you'd hit the limits of liquidity *very* quickly and the USD price per BTC would skyrocket.
Every satoshi I hold is a satoshi that they don't hold.  Currently, 12.5BTC are created every 10 minutes on average (next year, halving to 6.25BTC).  That BTC has to belong to someone (by definition).  The only way that the whales are increasing their supply - or even keeping it stable - is if the smaller guys aren't collectively acquiring more than the amount being generated.  Unless the market is almost entirely made up of these whales, I don't see how it's even possible that the new supply (and then some) isn't being taken up by the smaller players.  That means - unless I'm wrong about the ratio of small players to large ones - the whales are decreasing their aggregate supply.  Some may be growing, but only at the expense of others shrinking even faster.
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:51:46
Merriam Webster defines "decentralization" as:


This is in contrast to "centralization", which it defines as:


Bitcoin has no central authority or organisation.  Functions and powers are dispersed/distributed throughout all participants running nodes, who are themselves sovereign and enforce the rules they agree with.  Different nodes may have differing rules.  If my node talks to a node that tries to perform an action that I disagree with, my node will cease communicating with that one.
You defined "the ledger" as being the "central authority".  This is wrong.  My copy of the ledger is built according to the rules that I believe are correct.  Another person's is built according to the rules they believe are correct.  It is possible that our ledgers differ in some way and neither is canonically "right" since there is no central authority to determine that.  I neither know (nor care) about any differences until such time as the other node attempts to send me a transaction or block that breaks the rules I agree to such as spending an output that I believe they should not be able to do.  Our ledgers could even remain different for eternity if those differences are such that our rules are compatible with one another despite being different.
Bitcoin therefore operates by *decentralised consensus* and is not in any way, shape, or form a centralised system.
@_date: 2019-07-09 09:01:07
A seed phrase is a particular encoding of a private key.  It's usually used to encode a master private key, from which multiple sub private keys (and their associated public keys) can be generated.
So while "a seed" and "a private key" are not identical, one is a representation of the other, in the same way that a book is a representation of a story.
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:07:44
I also measure time in seconds and measure money in satoshi. That doesn’t mean there’s any kind of equivalence between the two.
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:00:05
I can't sign a transaction with a seed?
Actually, I can.  I derive the key from the seed and then sign with that.
Going back to my book analogy, it's like you just said I can't hear the words in a book.  Directly, that's true.  But of course it's not hard to read the book out loud, at which point the words can be heard.
@_date: 2019-07-31 08:11:53


I think your tinfoil hat is a bit tight...
The block size limitation exists because:
1. Blockchains aren't capable of scaling to global usage levels.  
The usage requirements *massively* outpace Moore's law, which itself doesn't look to hold anyway.
2. Useful blockchains will get filled to capacity if they're cheap regardless of the block size.  
i.e. if it's cheap to fill with crap; people will fill it with crap... if there were an unlimited block size blockchain that I was reasonably certain would exist forever, why wouldn't I just write my entire photo album in to it so I've got permanent global storage of all my photos?
3. Miners require incentives to secure the chain once rewards through new coin supply dry up.  
This can't be handled by mere transaction volume since that volume also then requires more work (which instead of being distributed like the actual mining process, is instead added to all participants).  It's simply not economically feasible beyond a certain point.
Feel free to provide valid arguments against these points if you have them.  I'm always willing to change my mind in the face of good evidence contrary to my position.  Are you?
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:41:27
Honestly, mentioning that you're from Scandinavia changes things a lot.  With the social programmes there, it's not like you have to worry about losing your job, becoming homeless, and starving on a street corner.
I can imagine getting badly downvoted for this from the "don't invest more than you can afford to lose" folks, but yes, if I were in your exact situation I'd absolutely be borrowing as much fiat as I reasonably could make the monthly payments on and putting it all in to BTC for the long term.  Your "worst case" scenario (outside of a complete collapse of your country; which would probably render the debt null and void anyway) really isn't all that bad.
@_date: 2019-07-03 14:55:38
They can claim whatever they want. Their methods are more or less just guesswork tied up in fancy mathematics.
@_date: 2019-07-31 06:57:24
Just as a thought experiment/question for you: Why have available fiat at all?
If your Bitcoin is valuable enough to you that you'd replace any of it that you spend from holdings of fiat, wouldn't it make more sense to "replace in advance" by exchanging all of your fiat for BTC any time you happen to have it?
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:41:59
In addition to the other comments, please don't try and use this now... you've exposed the public key to the world.
If you send BTC to those addresses, it'll be stolen instantly by anyone running software that catches transactions coming in to addresses associated with known private keys and tries to forward them on "just in case" (including the one I'm running; but I'm far from the only one: most of the time someone else beats me to it).
@_date: 2019-07-31 07:38:49
You're 100% right, but I think the person who wrote that simply didn't really know what they were talking about.  I get the feeling what they meant is that it's an open standard and thus anyone can implement it at will and there's nothing you can really do to stop them.
The fact that the main reference client (as well as several others) are open source is a definite bonus as well, since it reduces the effort in implementation, but I agree that that is just a side point and not the main aspect at all.
@_date: 2019-07-18 15:13:12
I do want you to think for yourself.  I want you - and everyone else - to know as many true things as possible and as few false things as possible.  Largely because it makes the world a better place in general, but at least partly because it makes things nicer for me not having to argue with morons who believe that opinion is somehow more valid than fact.
Honestly though, I'm done with this now.  I've wasted far too much time on responses to you so far.  I hope that it's helpful to someone else reading it even if it's not helpful for you.
@_date: 2019-07-22 01:43:51
Neither of those statements are objectively true. They’re misrepresentations of reality based on the assumption that on-chain transactions are equivalent to real world transactions in all cases. 
I think a case could be made that on-chain BCH payments are a slightly better *payment network* than on-chain BTC payments but at the expense of making BCH a worse *currency* than BTC. (and it’s still far worse than Lightning as a payment network as well)
@_date: 2019-07-31 06:50:27


Because unlike current forms of money, the banks have no ability to create more of it at will.  "Bitcoin Banks" can only loan what they have rather than loaning money they don't have.
This fundamentally changes the game for them since their entire business model is currently based on loaning money that they don't have.  They'd be insolvent almost immediately without this ability.
It actually gets bigger and more complex than that though.  Why does a car or a house cost so much right now that most people can't get one without a loan?  The main reason is *because* you can get a loan to buy one.  They're massively overinflated in value compared to their real cost (note that you can argue their cost based on production costs, but in reality the production costs are only inflated because of the sales price... it all comes back to the banks printing money for nothing in the end).
In a purely Bitcoin based economy, you'd be more likely to save up to buy a car and a house rather than get a loan.  Loans would likely still exist for some things (in the form of large capital investments for business and so on) but would be much rarer because you have to be certain that you can produce more value with the loan that you take than the amount of the loan plus any interest.  Under the current fiat debt-based system, you don't really care about how much real value you produce from what you do with a loan since new money is always created somewhere to pay it back eventually as well as reducing its overall value as the new money devalues the old through dilution.
For me to want to borrow 1BTC and have to pay back 1.1BTC, I have to be pretty damned certain that I can produce greater than 1.1BTC of value from it.  That's never the case with a house or a car, so I wouldn't get loans for those things.  It might be the case for the development and production of a brand new widget machine that makes widgets more efficiently than any of my competition.
If you try to imagine just swapping out your current local currency for Bitcoin and keeping everything else the same, it doesn't work.  But that's not a failing of Bitcoin, it's a failing of understanding that Bitcoin is a completely different economic system to the one we currently have (it's closer to; but not identical to; the use of precious metals such as Gold as currency).
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:56:03
[Kadinsky was ahead of his time](
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:41:24


Really, can you point me to these crazy people?
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:09:07
Cool.  Can you give me the address?
I don't actually have any use for a Bitcoin ATM, but I'd definitely want to go chat with them.
@_date: 2019-07-15 11:36:33
Umm, what?  What do you mean no one wants to talk about it anymore?  The growth of the network over the last year has been great, as have been the improvements to the tech.
In between the - admittedly excessive - posts about price movements and speculation, there are plenty of discussions about things happening with Lightning.  Maybe you've just missed them?
@_date: 2019-07-17 07:27:23
Nice idea.  I'm not sure I'd necessarily trust that estimate from Blockonomics though.  I find almost all estimators to be quite poorly designed and give overly-pessimistic predictions which in turn leads to people paying much higher fees than necessary, thinking that if they don't, they'll have a "stuck transaction" for many weeks (which - as far as I'm aware - has only happened once in the history of Bitcoin and can be resolved by RBF and CPFP well enough if it happens again).
@_date: 2019-07-24 14:09:27


Ah, you're making a classic error thinking that the unit of measurement actually has meaning.  gave a good answer to that already, but I'd like to approach the same thing from another angle.
7 troy ounces is approx 217 grams.  Doesn't it sound better to have 217g of gold than 7 ounces?  But you realise they're the same thing... so why care if it's 1 BTC or 100000000 satoshi?
A better way of looking at it might be the percentage of the total supply.  There are just over 155400000000 grams of gold available on the market right now (which will increase a bit from traditional mining and one day a lot from asteroid mining and so on; but let's ignore all of that right now and pretend it's completely fixed).
217/155400000000 = 0.000000001396396
There will only ever be 2100000000000000 satoshi (rounded up; technically just under).  For the same price as that gold, you can get 100000000 of them.
100000000/2100000000000000 = 0.000000047619048
Meaning, for the same amount of money, you can get a fraction of the total BTC in existence that's **34.1 times higher** than you'd get as a fraction of the gold in existence.  And that's not even taking in to account the future increases in gold supply and the fundamentally more useful properties that Bitcoin has over gold.
Essentially, until Bitcoin is worth at least 34.1 times its current value, there is no good argument to say that gold can somehow be described as "cheaper".  After that, you could make the argument that it's cheaper, but even then it wouldn't imply it's actually a better place to park your value.
@_date: 2019-07-28 10:39:02
You don’t need a centralised party for chargebacks, just an appropriate smart contract. I don’t see it as necessary in most cases, but if you do, I can’t stop you... that’s the point. 
Brexit and Trump are not examples of decentralisation, they’re examples of mob rule showing how pure democracy is a less than ideal system. If you can’t tell the difference between “I can’t enforce my will on anyone and no one can enforce their will on me (but if we don’t agree we can’t transact, so it’s in our interests to find common ground)” and “the majority of people want something so everyone else will be forced to go along with it whether they like it or not”, I suggest you spend more time thinking about it.
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:42:26
Deflation encourages saving over spending, which ensures that measured economic growth doesn't exceed actual economic growth.  This is only a bad thing in a debt-based monetary system that requires constant economic growth to be stable (anyone who can think for ten seconds can realise that **constant** growth is impossible).
The good thing is that Bitcoin becomes economically inflationary (not supply, just spending power) if the economy starts to shrink.  This encourages spending over saving, which stimulates the economy putting pressure against the shrinking.
Overall, this means that a fixed money supply can be both inflationary and deflationary and will generate economic incentives that put pressure towards a stable valuation for the size of the economy that exists (that doesn't mean a stable valuation in pure numbers; but rather stable in terms of growing or shrinking with the total economy).
The problem with the line of thinking you're using is that it tries to imagine Bitcoin in terms of the current economy.  Everything you said is essentially true in those terms, but since the current economic system isn't stable over the long term, it'll have to crash and burn at some point, and Bitcoin will be ready to fill the gap when that happens.
@_date: 2019-07-19 07:41:19


Yes, as long as you have transferred the BTC to another wallet (i.e. another private key) and aren't planning on reusing the old key at all, you can safely try to then use it on fork chains to gain access to any funds you might have there.


Here's a [list of forks]( with fork dates.  You can probably get access to most of them, but the majority are worth nothing.  For the more valuable ones, there are enough exchanges around where you can exchange them for BTC.  For the less valuable ones, you'll probably need to search to find somewhere/someone that wants them.
Note that some forks may have forks of their own (e.g. BSV forking from BCH) and they're not listed on that page.  Other than BSV, I don't know of any specifically, but I'd be reasonably certain of two things.  1. There are more than just BSV; and 2. Other than BSV, they're all completely worthless and not worth your time to try to get access to even if you have a lot of them.
(note that I consider all forks "worthless" from a philosophical standpoint and mid-to-long term from an economic one; but short term, they definitely can be traded to increase your BTC holdings.  1 BSV for example is approx 0.013 BTC and 1 BCH is approx 0.029 BTC; so even just exchanging these two for BTC nets you about a 4.2% gain for very little effort)
@_date: 2019-07-17 12:38:35
Hah, thankfully not.  Germany.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:06:43
Okay, that wasn't really clear though.
News and other things get posted here and people may indeed use that to try to make "educated" guesses about future fiat exchange rates, but OP asked for places where "*the reasons of price drops and increments are being discussed, explained or analyzed*", which is definition not the intention or purpose of this subreddit and so it definitely shouldn't be encouraged.
@_date: 2019-07-12 09:15:27
Again, you’re talking about it in terms of “making money”. You clearly didn’t listen to what Andreas was saying since he specifically avoids talking about that aspect at all and concentrates on why it really interesting. You would never have heard from him that you should invest in Bitcoin with the goal of selling it later for profit, so don’t blame him and put the word “experts” in quotes just because of your own stupidity. 
I don’t care if you’ve lost money, made money, or how your “investment” in Bitcoin compares to other investments you have. Honestly, if that’s the only reason that Bitcoin is interesting for you, I hope you do just get out back to fiat when you’re “in the green” again (or before, again I don’t care). Just don’t blame Bitcoin or the hard working people in this space for your lack of understanding of it.
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:39:35
What's your problem with a helpful answer?
Your question was when it might "clear up" and I pointed out that it doesn't need to "clear up".  Your wallet will probably still make a bad estimation even when 1sat/byte would get through.  I know most of the wallets I use do, because they look at the recent history as well.
So... how about the suggestion I wrote at the very top of my reply:


This is easy to do and will solve your problem immediately.
@_date: 2019-07-10 14:37:55


Indeed I did!


That’s complicated to be honest. But the short answer is, “a bit of both”. 
The brain overall starts sending signals between regions kind of chaotically, which is likely responsible for the bulk of the hallucinatory aspects, however that’s only part of the story. LSD also reduces activity in two key areas: the thalamus and the posterior cingulate cortex (PCC).
One of the jobs of the thalamus is to route sensory information to the appropriate brain areas. In doing so though, it also performs pre-filtering, which is why if you’re not paying attention, there’s no way you can tell me the colours of the last 5 random strangers’ shirts you saw walking down the street. You saw them, but they got filtered out. LSD appears to disrupt the filter function without removing the “pass on to the rest of the brain” function. This is why it seems like - and in some ways really is - enhanced acuity. 
The PCC is responsible for uncontrolled attention and combining information with memory to get a consistent view of the world. Importantly, it’s a part of the Default Mode Network (DMN), which is pretty much responsible for your “sense of self” when behaving normally. Disruptions here from LSD are likely what causes feelings of “oneness” and not being sure of where you end and something else begins. In extreme cases, this losing coherence without you losing consciousness is what gets called “ego death”, where the sense of self is gone and only experience remains. 


As far as I can discern, there are no significant quantum effects in the brain. And what we call “mind” is an illusion built from complex feedback loops (for more on that, read up on [Integrated Information Theory](


I only trip a few times per year at most. This year only once so far. I find it much more valuable that way. I definitely do like exploring my own mind during the quieter part of the trip nearer the end.
@_date: 2019-07-09 08:49:14
My 8 year old not only knows the term, but is also familiar with at least one aspect of why it's a better form of money.  I simply explained how cheap things were when I was a kid compared to now in absolute terms, and pointed out that in an inflationary system, she can expect the same of her money.
A hundred euro can buy a lot of ice creams from the ice cream van right now (between 33 and 50 depending on which ice cream), but by the time she's my age, it could easily be a tenth of that or less.  This happens only because more money enters the system than the growth of the economy can make up for (if and when it's growing at all), so it's happening by design.
Bitcoin has a fixed supply, so this simply can't happen to the value of it unless people decide they don't want to use it (and why would they do that?).
This was completely sensible to her and she was in disbelief that people accept the status quo of inflation.
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:33:01
My successful career in software architecture and management in the Bitcoin space is going very well thank you very much.  As are my side projects as a neuropharmacological researcher and author.
Yeah, one would hope I have somewhat of an understanding of systems theory, right?
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:11:47
You're making two fundamental mistakes in your question:
1. HODL doesn't mean don't use your BTC, it just means don't try to time the market because you will screw up and lose money.
2. That there is a "price" to "sell" at.  I never intend to exchange my BTC for fiat because I never intend to swap good money for bad money.  I will continue to earn, spend, and save bitcoin until the day that either I or Bitcoin no longer exists.
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:55:36


Sorry, what?  Why?  And what does "withdraw" mean exactly in this context?
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:33:28


But what if I don't have cash, only Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-07-31 06:38:18
Then your definition of "currency" is wrong.
Currency does not mean "a way to pay someone".  PayPal is a way to pay someone, and PayPal is not a currency.  Dollars are not a way to pay someone (they're the thing you pay someone with) and are a currency.  Bitcoin is a currency, even if not yet widely adopted for commerce.
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:03:43


I can only agree to that statement if the word "yet" is included somewhere.
I don't know if it's possible to solve things like police and justice without a centralised authority, but I also don't rule it out as impossible.
\* Note that by "solve" I really mean "*at least as good as the existing centralised system, preferably better*"; not necessarily that any solution has to be completely perfect.
@_date: 2019-07-03 18:13:47
Whichever chain has the most work will overwrite the other. It’s near impossible for them to have the exact same amount of work even if the have the same block height. 
It’s an imaginary scenario anyway. In the modern history of the internet, it’s never been divided in two roughly equal sized halves. Serious disruptions can knock whole countries off for a bit, but that’s much less than half, so for bitcoin, it’d be a clean reorg when that country rejoins the network.
@_date: 2019-07-10 19:55:08
“Automatic” would imply something defining that it happens outside of their control. The only way that can happen is with a centralised service, which Bitcoin explicitly rejects. 
Every entity in Bitcoin is self sovereign. You can write anything you want in to a transaction or a block. You could even broadcast a block right now giving yourself all bitcoin in existence!
However, no one else will accept it if it’s against the rules that their nodes accept. I control the rules my node accepts, but if everyone I connect to disagrees with those rules, then I don’t get to participate in the network. 
Bitcoin works therefore on the idea of *consensus rules*. We all agree that right now, a miner can not reward themselves more than 12.5BTC plus the transaction fees for those transactions they put in the block. We also agree that the block is only valid if it proves the work was put in by creating a hash that is under the target difficulty. 
The only way you can change the rules is to get the vast majority of people to agree, otherwise your rules will simply be considered invalid and won’t propagate through the network.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:24:58


The chain with the most proof of work is the most valid.  The size of the block is irrelevant.


Two chains with equal proof of work (very rare) are equally valid and may coexist side by side for a few blocks (at most) until a "reorganisation" occurs and one chain is wiped out due to less work.  If that's what you mean, then yes, that's right.


The miner that mined the block that gets orphaned does lose out, yes.


But the problem here is you seem to be assuming that some miners are able to somehow generate blocks that are "dominant" over other miners.  This is not the case.  There is no way to do this.  Block rewards are given to the single miner that solves the block.  This is more-or-less random, but averages out to be evenly spread over the hash power (so, if by hash power, Sally has 10%, Bob has 25%, Peter has 30%, and John has 35%; that's also the percentage of blocks they'll get on average).


I never said it was.  I just said it wasn't clear.  And it also seems to be based on an additional false assumption (that powerful miners can dominate less powerful miners) that I'm trying to clear up.


How many languages I speak isn't relevant at all, other than I was offering you another way you might be able to express yourself more clearly.  For example, if your native language is French, please feel free to write your explanation in French, since it might be easier to explain what you really mean.
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:27:14
Just because they depreciate in value doesn't mean they're not worth having.  A lot of things I own depreciate in value.  Especially things like my cars and my computers.  That doesn't mean I don't want to have them.
There's more to 'value' than just 'store of value'.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:57:35
Imagine BTC is at $10k/BTC ($10/mBTC).
Imagine I have $100 and 10mBTC.
There is something I want to buy for $50.  I can pay with either dollars or bitcoin for this thing.
I could spend $50 and end up with $50 + 10mBTC.  
I could spend 5mBTC and end up with $100 + 5mBTC.
In either of these scenarios, I could also trade some BTC for dollars or vice versa.
In the first scenario, my total holdings could be converted to $150 or 15mBTC.  
In the second scenario, my total holdings could be converted to $150 or 15mBTC.
That is to say, in both scenarios, my total holdings is the same and could be set at any ratio of BTC and dollars.
So, paying in BTC may be for convenience, to stimulate the economy, because of a discount, or any number of other reasons, but as long as you simply redistribute your holdings afterwards to your preferred ratio of BTC to dollars, it's functionally no different to spending cash.
Personally, I use BTC to pay for things quite a lot.  I could look back at earlier purchases of small things for multiple BTC and regret them, but doing so is exactly equivalent to simply saying I should have bought more BTC earlier.
Those 50BTC that I spent in one purchase of a $25 item one time is exactly the same as when you didn't buy 50BTC for $25 that you had spare.  It's not true that that $25 purchase was with a half a million dollars worth of bitcoin.  It wasn't.  It was with $25 worth of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-17 12:23:49
That's not what [Moore's Law]( says... at all.
@_date: 2019-07-28 06:22:57
Having it memorised *and* written down is the solution to that.  The seed words to my personal "coldest" storage are in very hard to access vaults in two different locations around the globe, and are not obviously seed words unless you know that they are.
I also have them memorised in case I do need quicker access suddenly.  Additionally, I also have memorised the seed words to another wallet with a much smaller amount of money, in case of a "$5 wrench attack".
Aside from those, I have my "daily spending money" in a hot wallet on my phone, and my "easier access" balance protected by a hardware wallet.  Both with seed words in somewhat easier access vaults/safes, and also both with decoys if needs be.
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:19:48
I already do spend it.
The difference between spending and selling is what I get for it. Spending, I get something I value in exchange for something else I value. Selling, I get something I don’t value (fiat) in exchange for something I do. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:32:35
You can’t take **anything** to the grave. So live a happy and fulfilling life as best you can.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:14:18


I think you misunderstand how LN works.
The coffee shop does not need to close the channels that it opened with its customers today because it didn't open new channels with customers today.  Those customers already have channels open elsewhere and will simply use their existing channels to pay the coffee shop who also has existing channels open.
Some of the coffee shop's outgoing expenses should also be in Bitcoin and thus they can use the existing channels for that as well.  Given that it's expected some expenses will indeed be in fiat, they may well need to do some channel management from time to time to get on-chain BTC to convert to fiat, but there are also potentially options for skipping the whole "on chain" part and just sending the BTC through the Lightning channels (also nicely rebalancing them for fresh incoming transactions) to an exchange or individual in exchange for fiat.
Ideally, closing and opening channels should be an extremely rare event.


I'm sorry to say but I have no idea what this is even supposed to mean.  I tried parsing it even with your apparent misunderstanding of how channels work, but still can't get any sense out of it sorry.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:27:36


No.  We're all just a bunch of "lambo moon boys" and none of us have any formal study or experience in the world of economics. ^(/s)
You do realise that this is a multi-billion dollar industry?  A lot of very smart people have spent a lot of time and effort examining this from many angles.
If you want a good introduction to what a world based on Bitcoin might look like, I'd recommend starting off with forgetting about Bitcoin specifically and first reading some of the basic works from the Austrian economists such as Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek.  Once those concepts are in your head (whether you agree with them or not), then move on to "[The Bitcoin Standard]( by [Saifedean Ammous]( (which also spends over half the book not talking about Bitcoin before it finally does; for good reason).
The reason I suggest to start off with the Austrian economists is that you need to first realise that you've got a lot of assumptions that might not necessarily be grounded in reality.  One of the most common that I see for example is people saying, "*deflation is bad!*" as a general rule without further context.  I agree that under our current economic model, deflation causes significant issues, but things that are true under our current model are not necessarily true under every model.


As above, Dr Ammous is an economist with multiple degrees in relevant fields.  I think he qualifies as at least one kind of expert.
There's also myself, but since you don't know who I am and I have no intention of linking my pseudonym to my real name, any credentials I say that I hold are something you'd just have to trust me on, and I fully understand you have no reason to.


Everything new is untested and untrusted at some point and over time this changes.  I've seen enough "new tech" in my lifetime to know that this really isn't such an issue.


This is a combination of education and experience.  Everybody knows that theoretically banks can get hacked, but they still trust their money to the bank.  Even if they wrongly assume that Bitcoin is somehow able to completely compromised (and this definitely is wrong, because it's based on a false assumption of how the network operates), they only need to trust it to a similar or greater level than their bank in order to be willing to use it.  And for that trust to be built, it only takes enough time of the system not being compromised.
@_date: 2019-07-03 17:50:39
That’s a very good analogy of it, yes. 
It’s actually a bit more complex since it involves ensuring people along the path in the network can’t censor transactions or steal money; and routing can be a complex topic; but at the most basic level yes: 6 degrees to Kevin Bacon (or Paul Erdos).
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:07:49
Bitcoin doesn't generally have that extreme volatility over short time scales.  I earn bitcoin and I pay bitcoin for goods and services, however both my income and the costs of goods and services that I buy are denominated in euro (usually... sometimes I might buy things denominated in dollars, pounds, or whatever).
Sometimes what I get in my pay is worth less in relation to the goods and services that I buy between then and the next pay and sometimes it's worth more.  Even in the worst historical case of an \~80% drop between pay cycles, it's about the same as missing out on one paycheque.  That isn't nice of course, but isn't exactly the end of the world either.  It's more than compensated for by the fact that I've been doing this since Bitcoin was valued at &lt;$1000, so the general trend has been "up" far more than it's been "down".
@_date: 2019-07-12 05:06:26


Why do you think that?
Trump has lost more money in his career than he would've made simply investing his initial money in a low to medium return vehicle and done nothing else at all.  His actions - on the whole - have been a net negative to his finances.
As for becoming president: while historically there have been a lot of smart POTUS, there have also been a few relatively dim ones and there's no obvious correlation between intelligence and ability to take a high office in the US once you've adjusted for socioeconomic factors.  Trump is president because he managed to convince a lot of people through fallacious black and white statements.  He appeals to people who would rather switch their brains off and have an easy answer to difficult questions.  Since mass media has been pushing a lot of aspects of US culture in that direction for generations now, it's actually not surprising to see someone who takes this approach ending up becoming the president.
@_date: 2019-07-18 12:00:52


It will depend on the miner's own software.  Some run some off-the-shelf code, and others run something they've written.
I suspect the majority however will treat equal fee size transactions on a first-in-first-out basis; so if you send a transaction with a fee of 1sat/byte, then it's very unlikely to be picked up until the miner's mempool has no transactions with fees of higher than that.  But once they don't, if your transaction is sitting in a pile of other transactions that also pay a fee of 1sat/byte, they'll be picked up from oldest first, and so yours should make it in eventually.
Note that I don't think miners do this out of any kind of altruism, just that it's pretty much the easiest way to write the software in most cases (I can imagine cases where first-in-last-out could be easier; but it's less likely because stack based data structures are really out of vogue and have been for well over a decade).
It's worth noting that most software will tell you the fee (or let you set it) in sat/byte or similar and this is also what the miners would order them by.  In reality however, the fee is a simple round number of satoshis.  It doesn't appear directly in the transaction itself, but can be calculated as the total of all inputs minus the total of all outputs.  If I have 3 inputs totalling 300000sat and I want to send 275000sat to Alice, my transaction will probably end up looking something like:
    Inputs:
       UTXO1: 150000
       UTXO2: 100000
       UTXO3:  50000
    Outputs:
       Alice: 275000
      Change:  24500
As you can see, the inputs add up to 300000 but the outputs only add up to 299500.  That means I'm paying 500sat fee for this transaction.  If my transaction happens to be exactly 500 bytes, that's a fee of 1sat/byte.  However if my transaction is larger, this fee is less than 1sat/byte and if it's smaller, then it's more than 1sat/byte.  The size of the transaction depends mostly on how many inputs and outputs but is also influenced by things like what kind of addresses are involved (legacy, P2SH, Segwit, etc), how many signatures are involved (multisig vs single signature) and if there's anything special going on in the output scripts.  It notably does not depend on the amount of value being transferred (except where that entails more inputs and outputs of course).
All of the above is unfortunately also somewhat simplified since I didn't talk about Segwit actually segregating witnesses (kind of the point of it, and right there in the name) and what this means for fees in terms of "weight" rather than size; but the same principles apply in the end: even very similar transactions with the same exact number of satoshi in fees may have different sizes and therefore be selected for differently by miners.  In the case where fees are exactly identical for the miner, they'll probably take the oldest first.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:12:13
Can you describe these flaws rather than just stating that it has them?
To quote someone much smarter than myself: *What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence*.
So far, every time I've seen someone try to point out a supposed flaw in Bitcoin, they've actually pointed out one of its strengths along with a misunderstanding of its implications.
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:41:51


You misunderstand the Lightning Network.  It is not necessary to open a channel with each transaction partner.  That would indeed be a terrible solution.
It's a network, not just payment channels.  So Alice has a channel with Bob who has a channel with Charlie.  Alice can pay Charlie without ever opening a channel to him.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:19:30
As a very high level description: “Segregated Witness”. It’s a way of separating some parts of transaction data that allows a more efficient use of the same amount of block space while also enabling further improvements in the future. 
For a good overview of the many advantages it brings, I recommend [this page]( 
@_date: 2019-07-09 09:18:42
No, it really wasn't.
(And as a side note: most fiat wasn't either; it was just designed in a way that the creators of it have first dibs on new money supply - which they themselves are in charge of determining - making them effectively able to inflate the money supply without feeling the negative effects of inflation caused by the new supply).
@_date: 2019-07-16 07:15:24
Millions of dollars aren't necessary; but it would certainly help.  I'd say you need at least "a few tens of thousands" to make any kind of serious attempt at the lower end, and "multiple millions" to start building up a real higher-end operation.
Mining - by design - tends towards an equilibrium of "only just profitable" for the network as a whole.  Therefore the most deciding factor as to whether an individual miner is profitable is their overall economic efficiency (e.g. $ per hash) in comparison to other miners.  If you are more economically efficient than over half of the network, you will remain profitable in general.
If the economic value of Bitcoin decreases, the least efficient miners will be incentivised to drop off first, making your hash rate "worth more" as it is now a larger percentage of the network.  Equally, if the economic value of Bitcoin increases, new miners will join the network.  In many cases, this will be new miners with good efficiency, but it can even be relatively inefficient miners aiming for short term activity.
The *most* important factor for economic efficiency is the energy cost.  Someone paying 1c per kWh can get away with having much more expensive equipment than someone paying 4c per kWh.  The second most important factor is the number of hashes you get out for the energy put in.  A miner whose equipment gets twice as many hashes for the same power can obviously afford to pay twice as much for their power to be equally efficient as a whole.  In general though, it's uncommon to have such a broad spread in mining equipment efficiency, whereas energy costs vary much much more, which is why they tend to be the deciding factor.
For a small operation (e.g. a single off-the-shelf Antminer or so), the equipment cost (capital outlay) is quite a significant factor, whereas for a larger operation, the equipment cost becomes negligible beside the operation costs.
Muddying the equations a bit is that mining operations aren't static.  Most larger operations are constantly improving their efficiencies in various ways.  This can be everything from better monitoring/management software to reduce data-centre operation staff costs, to better/cheaper cooling technologies, to the more obvious factors like new equipment that produces more hashes per kilowatt.  Therefore if you have a small mining operation and cheap power, you might be in the "more efficient than half the network" bracket right now, but won't necessarily stay there long.
All that said, I agree that when most newbies ask if they'll make money by mining, they mean something like mining using their home computer or signing up to a cloud mining service, where the answer is a categorical no to the first and a "not impossible, but you'd have more luck playing the lotto" for the second.  The 6 year old post that the resource links to is definitely out of date and doesn't reflect this.  So while I'm opposed to simply saying, "no" without context, I'd encourage and support an updated article that starts off with the words "Almost certainly not" and then goes in to clarify how things really are.
Some small mention of the fact that altcoin miners that pay out in BTC do indeed exist would be worth including, but also that it's not actually mining Bitcoin and therefore not contributing to the Bitcoin network at all, and discussion of it is likely to be off-topic for this subreddit.  No more detail than that is really needed/desired; just enough to stop people asking about it since many have already heard about it and do ask.
@_date: 2019-07-17 09:36:32
The moral of the story appears to be "don't work for a pay rate of 1 satoshi/second on the 17th of July 2019".
Funnily enough, I've never worked out my pay in satoshis per second.  Sounds like a fun way to measure it (not that I actually make an hourly rate; I'm salaried... but I can work it out on the "theoretical" hourly rate).
For a person making the "average monthly net salary" listed on your image, it'd look something like:
Avg work month = 160 hours = 576000 seconds  
Avg net salary in lei per month = 3028.51 lei  
Avg net salary in lei per sec = 3028.51/576000 = 0.00525783 lei/sec  
Current lei/satoshi exchange rate = 0.0004  
Avg net salary in satoshi per sec = 0.00525783/0.0004 = 13.145 sat/sec
(as a side note: ouch... that average salary compared to the living costs looks really dismal... 2/3 of an average net salary for a 3 bedroom apartment outside of the city centre?)
@_date: 2017-12-07 06:42:03
In general, money should do that, yes.  Spread out to a wider distribution.
That said, I buy significantly more bitcoin that I spend.  Generally the buying is tied to the spending, so in the end, I increase my bitcoin holdings rather than having them slowly dwindle.
I don't view this as too different to the 'savings' I used to have with fiat. That is, I would earn more than I spent and be able to put some away.  Now I have enough fiat set aside in case of catastrophic emergency (e.g. bitcoin failing completely and losing my job at the same time) to keep me and my family going for around a year.  To me, that's enough fiat and I have no interest in ever having more than that.  Therefore now, the remainder of fiat that I get goes in to my investments.  This is mostly (but not entirely) bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:16:50
Ich wohne auch in Deutschland... und ich vertraue unserer Regierung **gar nicht**.
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:30:07
No, not this subreddit.  
It clearly says, “submit post **not** about price”.
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:47:06


You should look again.  It's only custodial if you want it to be.  If you have your own Lightning node, you can set it up to talk to that instead, at which point it is fully under your own control and there is no custodianship happening at all.
It's also 100% open source (including the lndhub software that lets it talk to your node).
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:23:58
You really need to give up on pushing your extremely incorrect definition of the word "centralised".  You've been doing it in so many threads and it's honestly just getting tiring.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:40:14
Does the Dinar have any of the following properties?
* Decentralised
* Borderless
* Censorship resistant
* Peer to peer (over distance)
* Fixed supply
* Cryptographic proof of ownership
If not, I don't see any reason to consider it any different to any other shitcoin or fiat.
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:04:47
I think you can still have productive discussion... but there have been enough outright scams now that it can be considered the default position.  The burden of proof is on new systems to show how they're:
1. Not scams
2. Actually useful
So far, 100% of non-Bitcoin things I've seen fail one or both of these tests.  I'd really *love* to see something come along that can prove otherwise, but so far nothing has.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:32:26


Agreed.  I think a split approach will work best.  On one side, providing as much education as possible, especially in terms of demystifying things that might look complex at first but are really quite simple; and then on the other side, providing infrastructure, applications, and so on that abstract away complexity.
There will be plenty of people who - provided the education - will learn more and help spur further adoption; however there will also very likely be a much greater number of people who will never want to learn.  This is true regardless of what you're talking about.  The vast majority of people who drive cars have no idea how an engine works or the various components that make it up.  They could benefit from learning this, but they decide not to because they see it as more valuable to spend their time on other things.  For some, that could be something that I would also consider valuable (I'm not going to fault an astrophysicist publishing on the cutting edge of his field who can't fix his own car because he's been too busy with other things to learn) and for others it could be something that I wouldn't consider that valuable.
Regardless though, it's not my place to tell people what they should value and what they shouldn't.  If we want these people to participate in the system in any way at all, we need to make it as frictionless as possible for them to do so.  Education isn't going to help because they don't want to learn and will actively resist participating in it if you tell them "you just have to learn these few basic things first". Their incentive needs to be higher than the friction against them, and if education is required to even understand the incentives, you're in a Catch-22 situation trying to solve anything on the incentive side of that equation.  So instead, you solve it on the friction side first.  Whether they then slowly build up education is another question that needs to be addressed separately, but at least they're now participating.


Again, completely agreed.  I really like Andreas and agree with him on a lot of things, but I don't do "hero worship" and will equally call him out where I disagree.  I think the only way I could even half-way agree on that comment of his is if we say that Bitcoin can evolve in to something that looks almost entirely different to its current state and then that's "a different coin" for all intents and purposes.  But realistically, it's easier just to say that no, I think he's wrong.
Another example is that he sees a potential future of millions of different (practically worthless) cryptocurrencies; little Lisa at school making her own token on a tiny chain for use amongst her friends for example.  I don't agree with this outlook at all.  The closest I can see is that there may be potential for abstractions on top of Bitcoin that could function like specialised tokens for very specific use cases (like coloured coins, but off-chain and much more abstracted from the base layer).  But as for the chain itself, I'd argue that rational actors moving towards the most economic value over time leads us to have only a single blockchain with all others either fading out to obscurity or disappearing more suddenly and violently when their substandard security implementations are broken (including "proof of work with not enough work" such as most of the Bitcoin direct forks).
Essentially under this model, Bitcoin becomes the universal protocol for communicating value between individuals or groups within society (i.e. what "money" really is) and everything else that has anything to do with the details of how we communicate and manage value is built on top of that.  As I've written more than once in various comments, products thrive best with competition; protocols thrive by becoming ever-improving standards as competition falls away to obscurity.  Bitcoin isn't a product, it's a protocol.  It's far more comparable to TCP/IP vs IPX/SPX (and others) than to Chevy vs Ford.
@_date: 2019-07-28 06:37:20
Do you measure that "making money" in a fiat currency like dollars or in Bitcoin?  If the former rather than the latter, what will you do if your "millions of dollars" are one day only just enough to buy you a hamburger at McDonalds?
Fiat currencies have a pretty predictable life.  They get created, experience slow and steady inflation with everything looking good for the economy, and then from many years of artificially manipulating the economy to *look* good instead of letting it behave naturally, suddenly experience extreme economic unrest followed by severe hyperinflation, making them worthless.
Every fiat currency in history has had either this happen, or be replaced by another currency before it happens.  France is a great example, where they suffered this twice in a row before Napoleon put them back on gold finally stabilising things.  Somehow they hadn't learned their lesson though, and taking the Franc off gold devalued it a hundred times in less than a decade.
If money can be created for nothing, it's ultimately worth nothing.  So, be careful what kind of "money" you're making.
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:16:13
Don't assume the current ways of doing things are the only ways that will exist.
If Bitcoin becomes "mainstream" then Visa, Mastercard, American Express and so on will all jump in to the game.  You'll be able to have a Visa card that's linked to a custodial account under their control that spends Bitcoin directly.
Personally, I'd never use such an abomination, since I want control over my own money; but I'm also certain that a lot of people will be more than happy with that and - being an open and decentralised system - there's nothing we can (or should) do to stop them.
@_date: 2019-07-04 13:23:42
"Best" depends on preference.  Let's say you mean "most secure since the private key has never been online", you could do it all without a computer at all.
1. Lock yourself away in a secret bunker where you are reasonably certain there is no way that anyone else has secretly installed a camera.  Best case: somewhere with no ready supply of electricity.
2. Flip a coin 256 times, recording the heads as "0" and the tails as "1".
3. Convert result to hexadecimal.
4. Convert hex to Base56Check according to the instructions [here](  You now have your private key.
5. Generate a public key from that using *Q=dG* where Q is the public key, d is the private key, and G is a curve parameter in a standard ECDSA (elliptic curve digital signature algorithm).
6. Generate an address from that public key according to the instructions [here](  You now have your receiving address.
7. Send bitcoin to the receiving address.
8. Using a battery operated high powered laser (obviously also not internet connected), carve your private key in to a block of the most durable material you can access.
9. Using an industrial furnace, destroy all paper, writing implements, and surfaces that were under the paper while writing the above things down.  For extra safety, also destroy the coin you flipped and any electronic components of the high powered laser.  Mix the ashes in a concrete solution which is then used on a construction site who are unaware of any of your activities.
10. Encase the material with your private key in several layers of different materials such as plastic, concrete (not the concrete from the previous step), and so on.  Ensure some of these layers contain large pockets of pure vacuum and others contain pockets of pure water.
11. Finally, place the bundle somewhere secure (inside a building as its being built (different to the previous construction site); under the lunar regolith; at the bottom of the Mariana trench; etc).
The chance of your bitcoin being stolen are then extremely low.  You may however have some difficulty accessing it quickly when desired.
@_date: 2019-07-16 12:17:46
Mine's much more secure.  It's "*correct horse battery staple*".  xkcd [told me]( that that one's much safer.  Everyone should use that as their password. ^(/s)
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:44:25
Honestly, compared to a lot of other speakers I've booked for events, that's amazingly cheap.
I've been wanting to get someone to talk about bitcoin at my work (I work in an innovation lab of a large multinational), both to generate some interest as well as dispel a lot of false conceptions.  I hadn't considered Andreas since I assumed he'd be far too expensive.  I'm going to go look in to that now...
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:43:03
Hah... I'm in Tokyo right now and also took a photo of this yesterday (on the Chuo line heading out to Hachioji).
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:11:18
Definitely not.
I do of course sometimes think to myself how different (and possibly better) my life would have been if I had just been responsible with the money; but overall I know that what I did was something pretty special and not everyone has that opportunity.
I got to enjoy being young and doing crazy/dumb stuff and now in my late 30s and starting to notice the effects of ageing, I don't find myself in the situation I see a lot of my peers in, wistfully longing for a wild life that they never had.
Also, I am who I am because of what I've done and experienced.  If I'd been 'responsible' with the money, maybe I never would have met my wife.  Maybe I wouldn't have two incredible children.  Maybe a million different things.  I like who I am and the life that I have, so have no reason to complain about the decisions I made that eventually led me to where I am now.  Different choices would have given a different life and I can't say with any certainty that it would have been better or worse than the life I have now.
By the way, as far as costs go, drugs are pretty cheap if you never build up an addiction (which I never did).  The vast majority of the money went on flights and hotels.
@_date: 2019-07-01 13:15:59
Your granny sounds awesome.  Hope she shared some of the mescaline with you though!
@_date: 2019-07-30 16:41:39


What exactly do you mean by this?
Even if BTC were a thousand times its current exchange rate, that'd put 1 satoshi at 10 cents USD.  I'm pretty sure the "average man" could still afford plenty.
Of course, if that were the case I doubt "USD" would be a valid unit of value measurement anymore and the average man would just be earning those satoshi, not exchanging fiat for them.
@_date: 2019-07-10 03:40:24
Yep... there's a lot of people here who still think that getting more dollars out than they put in is the goal.
For me, the goal is to never have to hold dollars (or euro, pounds, yen, or another other fiat) again.  I have no intention of trading my good money for bad money.
@_date: 2019-07-03 17:25:48
I trust human mouse jiggles far less than pseudorandom entropy. Humans are far more predictable than than the various sources used in pseudorandom entropy generators.
@_date: 2019-07-03 21:23:09
It’s not just part of the equation, it is the whole equation. 
If block height mattered at all, cheating would be too easy. I could modify my own node to effectively have zero difficulty, “mine” a thousand empty blocks, and then rejoin the network a thousand blocks ahead of everyone else. 
The reason this doesn’t work is because my blocks quite visibly had less work associated with them than even one new block on the real network. They’d be wiped out of existence the moment their difficulty was compared with the real next block.
@_date: 2019-07-16 12:03:11
@_date: 2019-07-16 06:31:10
Nope, you're not wrong at all.  That is indeed the idea.
It's easier for the exchange to deal with Tether instead of USD because of regulatory aspects when dealing with "money" which many governments consider USD to be but Tether not to be.  That way, they can offer that service to their trading customers without needing to jump through as many regulatory hoops.
I personally have no interest in trading (I view it as more or less just a special case of gambling, which is also something I don't do), so I've never held any Tether, nor do I intend to.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:30:03


Average person doesn't need to "learn how to use it".  The whole point of software is to abstract away difficulty.  My mother-in-law can send email, but she sure as hell doesn't know how SMTP and IMAP work.  Lightning Network (or some other second layer tech) will reach the same state in time.
@_date: 2019-07-31 11:13:15
No it isn't.  You clearly don't understand the Lightning Network at all.
* There is no centralised party with whom I "open an account".
* No one knows who I am transacting with other than myself and that person.
* No one along the routing path is capable of stealing the payment in transit.
* Anyone along the routing path is technically able to decide to "block" the payment, but since they know neither sender nor receiver, this is functionally equivalent to randomly deciding not to participate in the network anymore.  In that case, nothing is lost and the payment can take a different path.
How is any of this *anything* like a bank?
@_date: 2019-07-09 11:20:06
Which implies doing nothing but linear on-chain scaling, which is a fundamentally broken idea.  We all know this, which is why we don't use bcash.
The problem comes from a bad terminology decision that Satoshi made - he called the things that we write in to blocks "*transactions*".  It's too late now to change it, so I'm not going to push for anyone to start calling them something else, but it definitely is something that causes misunderstandings.
People assume that a "transaction" in Bitcoin is the same thing as a transaction between people.  In reality, a single Bitcoin transaction can represent many different transactions between people.  Even without off-chain technologies like Lightning, you can have multiple inputs and multiple outputs with multiple signatures.  I regularly batch transactions, so even though it's only me as the inputs and only one signature, one on-chain transaction represents several real world transactions.
Once you get in to off-chain scaling, it becomes even more noticeably different.  A single on-chain transaction can represent any number of real world transactions.  It could be tens, hundreds, thousands or even millions.  What's written to the ledger keeps everything honest and secure, while the real world transactions have next to no direct relationship to what the chain shows and stores (and especially not from a typical user's perspective).
There is no need to scale the blocksize up in a linear fashion to effectively replace all global commerce today.  One day a modest increase might be necessary, but only once we're hitting the limits with all normal day to day economic activity happening in 2nd (and higher) layer systems.
@_date: 2019-07-07 15:45:09
Sorry, I'm not a miner, just a bitcoin enthusiast that has spent a lot of time looking in to all of the game theory aspects (from a technical background, but very interested in economic theory as well).  I really don't know much about the different ASIC manufacturers and what their good points and bad points may be.
In general, the major factors you should care about (for selection of the mining hardware) are:
1. Can you afford to buy it?
2. Does it provide a good hashrate to power consumption ratio?  Note that you don't actually need to care if it's a high hashrate per device or not.  A device could have one tenth the hashrate of the "best", but if it takes less than one tenth the power (and doesn't cost too much to begin with), then it's a better miner (and you probably want to buy ten of them...)
3. Does the device require significant monitoring?  For example: if it experiences a problem, does it self-restart?  What happens if the pool you connect to doesn't answer (can it auto-switch)? etc.  Your goal is to have as little interaction with the device as possible.
4. Does your location for the device place any specific constraints on it? For example: If the device is water-cooled, do you have access to the appropriate water-supply? If the device is going to be used in a home environment rather than a professional one, what are the heat and noise output levels like (and will that be a problem)?
Additionally, as per my last reply, you should consider having the money to cover your electricity costs without selling bitcoin for some period of time so that you're not missing out on the value increase of coins mined some time ago, as well as factoring in the cost of the hardware to the total cost (you can calculate it over time as a kind of amortisation with an expected lifespan (probably 2 years if you're lucky)).  This hardware cost becomes more relevant to the total calculation at the lower end of the scale (just a few devices) and almost irrelevant at the higher end (hundreds or thousands of devices) where it's completely drowned out to the equivalent of a rounding error by the electricity costs.
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:19:18
If BTC reaches 1 million per coin, then I've "lost" 50 million by that metric (by spending around 50BTC on something worth about $25).
However - to me - I haven't.  I spent what was $25 at the time.  Sure, it could be worth more now, but maybe I could also already be a multimillionaire if I played the lottery (which I don't).  How can I be sure I wouldn't have bought a winning ticket?
The past is the past.  Learn from it (such as me learning to replenish BTC immediately after spending it), but don't dwell on what could have been because it simply isn't.
@_date: 2019-07-30 13:53:51


The same thing I currently do with it: earn it, spend it, save it.


You say that as if you can see the future.  You must be extremely rich already if that's the case.


Sell what? Oh, you mean exchange my bitcoin for fiat.  No thank you, I have no interest in holding that shit.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:55:45
Sometimes I feel like I should just post a QR code on here, pretending it has "some other purpose" just so people will send me money.  Then I realise that I'm not quite that much of an ass.
Just to be perfectly clear, I'm not accusing you of doing that at all.  I do legitimately believe this is for the Santa event at your office.  Just that if someone wanted to get around the "no begging" rule, it would definitely be a very valid approach.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:52:54
How can it be both revolutionary and a waste of energy?
I'll agree it uses energy.  It uses quite a lot even.  But I'd argue it uses it extremely well and it's not being wasted at all.
@_date: 2019-07-20 10:38:00


No, my calculations aren't based on any "price", all numbers I listed are in BTC directly.  I also don't see where I calculated anything...
When I said "*Transaction fees typically bring in around 0.2BTC at conservative calculation currently*", it's worth pointing out that this is true regardless of the exchange rate between fiat and Bitcoin.  It was around 0.2BTC per block at $3000, $6000, $10000, and $12000 USD per BTC.  At $12000, those 0.2BTC are worth 4 times as much in dollar terms (as is the new 12.5BTC), but it doesn't change the BTC amount that people are willing to pay for transactions (I assume it changes the types of transactions they're willing to do on-chain; but miners certainly don't care about that).
It goes up during times of peak activity, so during the big hype-cycles we've seen in the past, it's been much higher which coincides with higher fiat value exchange rates, but you shouldn't confuse that with it being related to the exchange rate itself.  A "peak" of around $10000 might have very high transaction activity and therefore high fees per blocks.  A "stable plateau" of around $10000 however settles out to around 0.2BTC per block.


Yes, but again I don't see what this has to do with anything I was talking about.
To give more insight on this point (even though I think it's unrelated to value volatility at all): The total hash rate will always trend towards an equilibrium between energy cost to perform mining and reward.  So when the reward goes down, either the value must increase or the hash rate must drop.  But you're not taking in to account that "miners" aren't a single conglomerate and are in direct competition with each other.  The most efficient miners *never* need to stop mining.  As it becomes no longer profitable to mine for the whole network, the least efficient miners drop off first.  As the hash rate decreases, the remaining miners are taking a larger share of the rewards each until such a point that the remaining miners are again profitable.  This creates a trend towards efficiency as well as ensuring that mining (as a general concept, not necessarily for an individual miner) never fails to be capable of being profitable at any value.
@_date: 2019-07-15 08:22:52
I don't see why those channels would have anything to do with the "local economy".
I live in Germany.  I make Lightning payments in person to a business not far from me.  Nevertheless, every open channel I currently have is (as far as I can tell) outside of Germany.
You can certainly say that a business that has channels open for a long time has existed for at least that long (unless they somehow "took over" the channels from someone else, but since I don't think there's a trustless way to do that (right now), we can probably leave that out of the equation for the moment) but you can't say anything about it being specific to that community.
As a business, I might even keep all my existing channels and just open a new store somewhere else without having dedicated channels for that store.  It could even be a brand new business line and therefore more like a "startup", but would appear to be well aged since it's using my channels.
Conversely, I might do a big restructuring of financial things and in the process all of my channels are closed and new ones opened.  Then my 75 year old multi-generation business looks brand new since it's got all new channels.
I don't think your concept is entirely without merit, but realistically, if you want to know if a business in the local economy is well-established or not, there are already so many existing ways to do that that don't rely on looking at esoteric things like channel states.
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:42:42
Yes.  But even before I earned BTC directly, I earned euro and exchanged it all for BTC as soon as it came in.
Essentially I just spent some time thinking about these ideas in combination:
1. You should spend the least valuable money first, which is why people spend dollars/euro/other fiat and don't spend their bitcoin
2. Every dollar/euro/etc that you choose to give out for something other than bitcoin is the same as having spent that bitcoin
3. Every dollar/euro/etc that you hold for any period of time *could* have been exchanged for bitcoin
4. Fiat - by design - loses value over time
5. Bitcoin - by reasoned deduction - gains value over time (with a lot of volatility in between, but the overall trend is definitely "up")
In combination, this led me to the conclusion that holding fiat for any period of time is essentially saying that you consider it more valuable than bitcoin over that time period.  Since I don't like gambling by trying to "win" against market movements, I don't consider fiat more valuable than bitcoin over any time scale and therefore holding it over any time scale is illogical when viewed with these 5 points.
So, I did the logical thing and simply stopped holding fiat.
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:25:37
1. **Fact 1**: There is a fixed supply of Bitcoin.
2. **Fact 2**: I and many others are accumulating Bitcoin (consistently holding more than before).
3. **Fact 3**: "Big guys" are both buying and selling Bitcoin.
4. **Fact 4**: Every time the "big guys" sell their Bitcoin for fiat, some of it is bought by those of us who will not be selling it.
5. **Conclusion 1**: The total supply of Bitcoin that is in the hands of the people accumulating will increase over time.
6. **Conclusion 2**: The total supply of Bitcoin that is in the hands of the "big guys" will decrease over time.
How exactly is it bullshit?
@_date: 2019-07-31 04:45:01
I rarely make a transaction with more than around 5sat/byte (the vast majority are 1sat/byte) and I'm actively trying to convince most of the merchants that I deal with directly to start looking in to accepting payments via Lightning.
So no, I really don't mind the fees I currently pay.  They're tiny and should only get smaller in the future.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:06:58
What I mean is that the purpose of Bitcoin is an economic instrument (an incredibly interesting one at that since it changes fundamental aspects of traditionally understood economic behaviours). Therefore the way it’s technically implemented is with the goal of ensuring this behaviour works ad intended. A technical bug would cause economic problems. 
This is true of any system. Technical aspects exist in order to provide the capability of the system. My car’s engine is designed with the goal of enabling my car to transport me efficiently and safely. My refrigerator is designed with the goal of ensuring a stable defined temperature in an energy efficient manner. Bitcoin is designed with the goal of providing a decentralised solution to the Byzantine General’s Problem as it applies to double spending of digitally currency (and thereby creating decentralised/trustless digital scarcity).
If Bitcoin had all the same technical properties but somehow didn’t work (i.e. there were a flaw in the concept), it’d be reasonably uninteresting to anyone but a few cryptographers and mathematicians (who might then build something useful without the flaw, but it’d be defined as useful and broadly interesting for what it does, not how the flaw was fixed).
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:06:51
I agree that we can't know that, but as my last paragraph outlines, I don't think it's relevant to the overall picture.  If I have 2.1 BTC, then right now, I have 1/10000000 of the total BTC that will ever exist.  If later, I have 4.2 BTC, then I'll have 1/5000000 of the total BTC that will ever exist.  No matter how much whales buy and sell, by increasing the amount that I have, I have decreased the total amount that they are able to have.  Generalised, this becomes identical to the statement that people accumulating are taking it from the larger traders that are willing to sell and rebuy in an attempt to profit.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:01:01


No it doesn't.  These people are making decisions for themselves only.  Everyone else is free to accept/agree with those decisions or not.
The GitHub repository for Bitcoin Core could release a new update tomorrow that changes the supply rules.  No one would run it.
The miners could collectively agree to start mining 128MB blocks.  No other nodes would forward them.
You're making the mistake of confusing "decisions being made that everyone agrees to" with "decisions being made for everyone".  These are fundamentally different things.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:19:08


That definition is incorrect.  Centralisation is about the ability for one party to force rules on others, not about whether others are required to accept your actions.
You seem to be unable to distinguish these two concepts, and I do wonder if this causes significant problems elsewhere in your life.
Do you see a difference between, "*You are not allowed to park your car here*", and "*If you park your car here, it will no longer be covered by your insurance*"?
In the former, you are being commanded not to park your car in that location.  In the latter, you may choose not to park your car there because you want to still be covered by your insurance, but you are still free to choose whether or not you do.
In Bitcoin, you ARE free to make up your own rules and broadcast transactions that follow these rules to whoever you want.  It's even possible to do so in a way that remains compatible with the majority consensus and have your transactions be a functioning part of the ecosystem (this is how soft forks work).  You are also free to deny transactions sent from other people that don't agree with your rules and even block them from sending you anything else.  This isn't just true for you, it's true for every participant and no participants are privileged over any others.
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:31:26
No... blocks will continue to be mined after that.  That's simply when there stops being new bitcoins generated by mining.
Miners will continue to mine because each block will still come with the fees for the transactions within it.  In fact, the value of those fees is already not insignificant.  It won't be long until miners are making the majority of their money from fees (well before the final block reward is given out).
@_date: 2019-07-12 04:51:38
The problem is that you seem to view it as an investment, i.e. "a way to make money".  In that light, I can understand why you might view Bitcoin as a scam.  In that light, it really can't be anything other than greater fool theory.  You buy some and hope that someone else buys it from you later for a higher price.
However - thankfully - that's not what Bitcoin is.  Bitcoin is a new form of money that isn't tied down by Keynesian economic thinking that has caused every major financial crisis worldwide for the past century.  It's a technological marvel that enables an economic revolution.  Even if it's primarily used as a speculative vehicle at the moment, there's a core base of people that actually get it and don't really care whether it's valued at $10k or $0.10 right now, as long as it continues to provide the properties that it does (these inherent properties will pretty much guarantee a rise in value over the long term; but we're patient and don't care about volatility in the short term).
I highly recommend reading or listening Saifedean Ammous and Andreas Antonopoulos on the topic for economic/political and technical/social aspects of Bitcoin respectively.  I don't always agree 100% with them both, but overall, those are the smartest two people in the field and if anyone can honestly take in what they have to say and can then provide valid and meaningful arguments against Bitcoin as a whole, then I think most of here would love to hear it.
@_date: 2019-07-31 07:18:46


I congratulate you on your success so far; but have to also warn you against getting too comfortable with your predictive ability.  Too many people end up getting overconfident in that regard and lose a *lot*.


I earn BTC and some of my recurring bills are payable in BTC.  For others, I use a credit card that I then pay off using BTC.  There is some loss involved there, but it's actually not all that significant percentage-wise (when I add in the "benefits" for the card use and the reward points system from the BTC-&gt;Credit Card payment gateway, it's actually close enough to matching market exchange rates in the end).
I'm aware this isn't an option for everyone, but I do recommend looking in to it since it's more possible for a lot of people than they might otherwise assume.


And that's the most anyone should ever reasonably hope for, so it's all good :)
@_date: 2018-09-03 09:58:47
What’s preventing it is that no miner would willingly run rules that kill his income and no majority of non mining nodes would try to force them to do so because it’d be too risky for their own BTC. 
The natural halving should never cause this because it’s not a sudden unexpected event, so miners and the rest of the market tend to react in advance of it over a period of time. 
Value increases are generally far more likely outcomes of decreased supply than decreases in mining. 
@_date: 2018-09-08 06:42:27
550BTC? That's over half a slice of pizza!
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:14:29
High?  Currently one unit of bitcoin costs around $0.0001.  You can get ten thousand of them for a dollar.
The "bitcoin" value priced at around $11000 right now is actually a hundred million of the base unit.
Furthermore, the total market cap of bitcoin is around 1/1400 that of gold.  From a financial point of view, bitcoin does everything gold does, just better and more.  So I'd say there's still *plenty* of room for it to grow.
@_date: 2019-07-15 10:20:28
You still don't get it... no they couldn't "buy out" these small holders.  They can't buy me out, because I'm not selling (unless they offer me significantly over market rate and I can pre lock-in a buy of a greater quantity... in which case all they've done is thrown money at me for no reason).
I have no interest in holding fiat money.  I do have an interest in holding bitcoin.  There is no amount of fiat they could offer me for my bitcoin that I would want if I were unable to convert it back to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:37:41
Thanks :)
If you do end up getting it and have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:14:50
I don't really see what any of those points (which are true; even if a couple are clumsily worded) have to do with what I said though.
Those things are the reason that Bitcoin is a better form of money, and they make it valuable, but I don't see how they allow you to predict the trading markets any more effectively.  The only thing you can reasonably predict is a general upwards trend; which I agree with, but isn't going to help you "buy low, sell high" because you have no idea when the next "low" is coming, if ever.
The only strategy that you can be reasonably sure is a winner is "buy now; don't sell".


Miners will be working "almost exclusively" for fees well before then.  This is a consequence of the halving events.  Up to the first halvening, 50% of all Bitcoin were mined.  Up to the second, 75%.  The one next year is the third one, at which point 87.5% of all Bitcoin will have been mined.  6 halvings (around the year 2032), it will be over 99%.  At that point, each new block generates just under 0.1 new BTC for the miner who found it.  Transaction fees typically bring in around 0.2BTC at a conservative calculation currently.  This is also likely to increase, but even if it doesn't, that still means that in the early 2030s, miners are making 2/3rds or more of their revenue from fees.
Value volatility doesn't really have a direct relationship to miners and the supply of new coins though.  It has more to do with the total number of participants in the system (currently small); how interested they are in actually holding Bitcoin vs trading in and out of it for profit (currently a very large percentage of them); and how many goods and services are priced in currencies other than Bitcoin (currently not significantly different from "absolutely everything"; even when you can pay BTC for something directly, the price is currently set in a fiat currency).
As the number of participants increases, the number of people choosing to hold bitcoin over fiat increases, and the number of goods and services being priced in BTC directly increases, the value will begin to stabilise.  You can note that many of these things are interdependent, so it tends to be a snowball effect starting off small and slow, but very quickly gaining momentum and size once it gets going (some people may argue the interdependency means it has a hard time getting started and therefore may never happen; but I think we're beyond a critical mass already, so it's just a matter of time even if it does appear to be glacial and tiny right now).
@_date: 2019-07-16 03:27:52
How is it being a jerk to state an opinion/give advice while still openly saying that it's her choice what to do with her money?
The point I was trying to make is that "ROI" is irrelevant when measured in a currency that is ultimately valueless.  I'd consider her "ROI" to be zero since she started with zero BTC and will end up with zero BTC.
A kitchen has utility value, and I even acknowledged that if she absolutely needs one, then of course buying one is a sensible choice.  If however it's just a luxury, then buying it is as foolish as someone winning a couple of hundred grand in the lottery and then immediately blowing it on a luxury sports car.  Sure, the thing has objective value, and it's ultimately their choice, but pointing out the foolishness of the action is both right and moral.
@_date: 2019-07-02 09:09:25
Yikes. Ummmmm.... no.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:56:18


Because as far as the greatest mathematicians on earth can tell, that's not possible.  If anyone figures it out, they'll win a Nobel Prize for sure.


Not true, ASICs are used for many specialised tasks already precisely because they outperform general purpose computers (whether they're "supercomputers" or not) at those tasks.
Servers are good at general purpose activity, not at specialised tasks.


That's where you're wrong.  Blockchains aren't secure in the 'traditional' sense.  They don't rely on stopping people accessing them or looking out for malware, or other things like that.  They are secure because they're massively distributed.
I have a copy of the entire bitcoin blockchain on the computer that I'm typing this answer on.  I can alter it and edit it in any way I like.  However because those changes wouldn't match anyone else's copy, my edits would be rejected by everyone else.  To successfully make any edit at all, I'd need to edit the majority of copies of the blockchain all around the world simultaneously.
Even then, that edit wouldn't actually be useful.  If I wanted to actually try and change a transaction in the past, that would be significantly harder.  To do t hat, not only would I need to - as before - edit everyone's individual copy of the blockchain but I'd need to effectively re-mine every transaction past the transaction that I wanted to edit.  To do that for a transaction that has JUST happened, I'd need the same amount of mining power as **every other miner** in the entire world.  To do it for a transaction further in the past, I'd need orders of magnitude more.  This is what we mean when we say that mining "secures the network".
@_date: 2017-12-16 14:50:59
As someone who owns a wallet that is in the top 10% of all wallets, let me say that no. I have no intention to “sell” at any price. If I wanted to sell and become a fiat millionaire, I’d have done that a long time ago. 
I suspect that is true of most large hodlers. The ones who were in it for fiat gains are mostly gone already (except the “new money” who are only BTC rich by having paid in large amounts of fiat). The rest of us are in because we believe in the technology and what it means for the future. 
Of course, I’m a realist and have responsibilities in the world, so yes, I have bought fiat in the past with my BTC because I really needed it. I also have a stash of fiat in the bank that would keep my family housed and fed for long enough for me to get a new job in the unlikely event of BTC ultimately failing and me losing employment at the same time. I don’t hodl a cent more than that in fiat though. My “savings account” is in the currency I can provably and irrevocably access - Bitcoin. 
There were people like you back in the single digit USD days saying they could imagine maybe $20 or even $50 per BTC, but $1000 is just a ridiculous pipe dream. Now we’re getting close to 20 times that. 
I’m sitting in an airport terminal as I write this. I wonder how many of the hundreds of people walking around here have ever had any amount if BTC at all. The answer is likely only a fraction of a percent. We’re still so far from mainstream adoption. Once that takes off, then we’ll start to see the true exchange rates begin to establish themselves. Until then, most of the price is speculative, but it’s also almost certainly extremely undervalued. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:37:28
The power usage goes towards securing the chain.  The less power that gets used, the less secure the chain is.  Any attempt to change the system to reduce the power usage without increasing security in some other way will reduce the value by reducing the trust.  There is actually no inherent demand for power within the system - when Satoshi first created bitcoin, there was capacity for just as many transactions as their are now, running entirely on his own single computer.  The high power usage comes from the fact that it's valuable enough for miners to expend that power in order to compete against all other miners for the block rewards.  If it weren't, they obviously wouldn't.
I have no idea what you mean about supercomputers.  Mining is already performed by very specialised dedicated 'supercomputers'.  These application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) can perform the very specific mathematics (hashing) required for bitcoin mining at incredible speeds, far faster than any general purpose computer (even general purpose supercomputers).  Trying to use general purpose supercomputers would drastically lower the security of the system by drastically lowering the hash rate and would be an even greater waste of energy since ASICs are - by definition - as efficient as we can make them for this specific task.
The "log in remotely" part of your statement is very confusing.  I don't see what logging in remotely to your mining system has to do with anything.  I'd imagine most large mining farms are probably already equipped with remote shell access for their administrators.
Or by that, do you really mean that the entire blockchain shouldn't be widely distributed to nodes and instead by centralised on a few supercomputers?  If so, you're essentially destroying what makes a cryptocurrency unique and valuable and have really just reinvented a fiat currency.  The owner of these centralised systems would have complete control over the system to do whatever they like (or more likely, whatever the government demands of them).
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:14:36
I don't know where in the world you're located, but for spending small amounts of Bitcoin on products and services you might want to look in to [BitRefill]( as a way to exchange Bitcoin for gift cards or prepaid mobile phone top-ups.
Another alternative is to hold on to your Bitcoin if you don't actually really *need* the money straight away.  Bitcoin tends to appreciate in value significantly over time, so "a bit of spending money" from a few art sales in 2019 could easily be "serious money" by 2029.  To give you some perspective on that, I gave my daughter 1 BTC when she was about 9 months old (late 2011).  It was worth about $3.50 USD at the time.  I gave my son 1 BTC when he was born in 2014.  It was worth about $420.00 USD at the time.  Right now, 1 BTC is worth around $9850.00 USD.
Even if you don't really believe that this trend could continue (there's a lot of evidence that it will, but that's another answer for another question and another time), the downsides of holding on to a bit "just in case" are almost non-existent while the potential upside is huge.
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:50:42
In what way?
Mining produces 12.5BTC per 10 minutes right now.  Next year, it'll drop to 6.25BTC per 10 minutes.
Is it possible that those 12.5BTC are going to the "big guys" more than anyone else?  Sure, but it seems very unlikely.  That's not a huge amount of money, and so between the miners keeping a cut for themselves and the amount that would be taken up by the people accumulating, I don't see that there's really enough left over for the big guys to be increasing their total holdings from it as well.
Even if they do however, then it's simply a matter of time until that reverses.  You can even describe it as all 21 million BTC already existing and being in the hands of unknown future miners who just aren't able to transact with it yet.  Those miners are actually still in the "small" category rather than the "big guys" category.  All together, they share 15% of the total supply (85% has already been mined).  If there are (including the future) 1500 different mining operations of any significant size (rough estimate, probably higher), that means that each has a share of around 0.01%, or 210BTC of the yet-to-be-mined BTC.  It's not tiny, but it's hardly whale territory.
@_date: 2019-07-25 12:59:15
Bitcoin only.  Any additional code for dealing with shitcoins is code that is *at best* just bloating the wallet and making the UI less comfortable than it otherwise could be and could potentially even add additional vulnerabilities or issues that put your Bitcoin at unnecessary risk.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:56:36
Ummm... no.
An orphan block is a block that has work done to mine it, but is then rejected in favour of a different block by the network.  The usual reason for this to happen is if two miners find a block at the same time (more or less).  Transactions in the block that were orphaned (that were not included in the block that was accepted) will no longer be confirmed.
This is why it's considered safe to wait for 'a few' confirmations before considering your transaction completely locked in to the network.
There is no obvious way to game orphan blocks to get a competitive advantage.  If there were, we'd see such attacks happening very clearly, and it's very clear that they're not.
You may however have been talking about something different again though.  So if my definition of "orphan block" here isn't what you meant, please explain what you meant.  Also then please explain "dominant block" and "integrate its data", since neither of these terms are clear to me either without a lot more context.
From your writing style, I'd suggest that if your native language is something other than English, please do feel free to clarify any specific points using it - I can read and understand quite a few languages and if you do use one that I'm not so good with, the clarification may help others who are.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:26:34






A strawman is when one party in a discussion presents the other person as having views that they don't have.  Usually with the purpose of knocking those views down or making the other person look foolish.
You presented me as being defensive and feeling like your views are my enemy.  You expressed a statement pity for me for being that way.  Since that's an inaccurate representation, it's a strawman.


No, it isn't.  Objective reality exists and views held by people either comport with reality or they don't.  Your views do not comport with reality.
It's more like saying "there are three apples on the table" when the reality is that there are three oranges on the table.   You may then try to argue around it and come up with points such as that you consider the orange to be a kind of apple since in some languages the word for it translates to "Chinese apple", but that's just playing semantic games.  The fact is that if you say there are three apples on the table when there are three oranges, you are objectively wrong.  Equally, if you say Bitcoin is a centralised system, you are also objectively wrong.
@_date: 2019-07-08 20:04:49
Had to search a bit on Google Maps to figure out what you mean, but from looking at the building itself, I guess you mean Hoyerswerdaer Str. 29, near the Bautzner/Rothenburger Str. Tram stop on line 13.
Thanks - I'll go check it out :)
@_date: 2019-07-20 08:52:38
Assuming you want to exchange fiat currency (e.g. US Dollar) for Bitcoin, the relevant questions are:
1. In which country do you live?; if USA, which state?  
This is important for determining which Bitcoin&lt;-&gt;Fiat exchanges you're able to access most easily and what legal requirements there are for doing so.
2. What currency will you be exchanging for Bitcoin?  
This is important for determining which exchanges will accept the currency you want to exchange.
3. What amount of Bitcoin are you wanting to acquire?  
Answer should be given in a power of ten range; e.g. under $10; $10 to $100; $100 to $1000; $1000 to $10000; etc.  
This is important for determining which methods are going to give you the most Bitcoin for your fiat, as well as to some extent what is safest and easiest: large quantities may have additional requirements at the exchanges; and very large quantities may be better done OTC via a dedicated broker service than using any public exchange.  Conversely, very small amounts (e.g. $5.00 with no current plans of acquiring more later) are usually better done person-to-person instead of via an exchange due to both exchange fees and the complexity of the sign-up process for such a small amount.
Note that these questions aren't because Bitcoin is difficult or complex, but mostly because government regulations around their fiat currencies are complex.  In most of the world, there are "Know Your Customer" (KYC) and "Anti Money Laundering" (AML) legal requirements for businesses that perform monetary services and those requirements add complexity and cost to what could/should be an otherwise straightforward and simple process.
If you'd like to acquire Bitcoin in other ways, you may consider it interesting to work for it.
1. There is often small contract work available and you can browse opportunities or advertise your services over at 2. You can use a third party service like [BitWage]( to have some or all of income payments converted to Bitcoin and sent to you (note that they take a fee and you do have to trust them).
3. You can ask your employer to pay you directly in Bitcoin for some or all of your income.  This is by far the easiest way to acquire it, since it transfers any difficulty to them.  For this reason though, it's something many employers aren't going to be interested in doing until they have easy ways to do so.
4. You can sell goods and services for Bitcoin.  There are so many different ways to do this online or in person, that if you're interested it makes more sense to ask about that specifically and get more detailed answers tailored to your specific goods/services/platform/etc than me trying to enumerate things in this answer.
@_date: 2019-07-09 11:25:05
There are, yes... and that has nothing to do with whether or not Lightning is custodial by design (it isn't).
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:08:16
Interesting how you managed to interpret anything I said as describing a "mad max survivalist world".  I also don't think a place like that exists.  So... nice strawman you built there.
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:32:06
What an odd definition of "thriving"... There are far more merchants accepting Bitcoin in Tokyo alone than there are merchants accepting Bitcoin Cash globally.
@_date: 2017-12-07 06:49:53
In theory perhaps if and when I'm the equivalent of a billionaire and myself and my family are able to do anything we reasonably desire on a whim, then I might not be interested in increasing my savings... 
But since I don't expect that to ever happen, I also don't expect there to be a point in my lifetime that I'd not want to be saving money.  The "price" of bitcoin (which I prefer to think of as "exchange rate") really has nothing to do with that at all.
@_date: 2019-07-31 10:51:53
I completely agree with your assessment of the reason for taxes, however I'd like to pay more attention to this statement:


Honestly, so would I and I mean that with complete sincerity.  I think taxes are necessary for civilisation, but I also think that the way we organise our governments leads to such rampant abuse as to make it a farce compared to what it should be.
Bitcoin shows us that we can have financial governance without leaders (who are inherently corruptable).  I'd love to know if at least some principles might also translate to other areas, including the collection and use of taxes for the common good.
@_date: 2019-07-21 17:50:22
It lacks security and is based on incorrect principles of scaling which all but ensure economic viability for miners to secure the chain can’t be maintained over the long term. 
So, what advantages does it objectively have?
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:04:13
The one and only time I did (by necessity, not desire) cash out a small percentage of my bitcoins (just a few thousand USD worth), I simply sold it on an exchange and transferred the fiat funds to my bank account.  There was no difficulty or problems with it at all.
Now, for much larger amounts or in jurisdictions where bitcoin can get you in to legal/political trouble, you might need to find other ways, but since your question didn't specify where in the world you are or how much you're talking about "cashing out", it's impossible to give you a clear answer.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:27:44
Why pay $15 in fees?  You can your transaction included for much much less.
Just a few days ago, I was in Tokyo and bought some toys at BIC Camera to bring home for my kids.  Of course I paid in BTC.  I paid around $3.50 equivalent in transaction fees.
Plus, who's to say it's a $20 brunch?  What if I'm doing a family or business brunch?  10 people at $20 each makes even a $10 transaction fee perfectly acceptable in my view.
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:29:00
I'll only answer  and  here:
Mining is measured in hashes per second.  Right now, according to [blockchain.info]( the total amount of hashing on the network is at 12.119725 exahashes per second.  That is, 1.2119725x10^19.
Let's round that off to 1.2x10^19 to keep our maths easy.
Different mining rigs produce different amounts of hashing power.  There are some new systems coming out, but probably the best known "high end" miner right now is the [Antminer S9 from bitmain](  It apparently does around 14 terahashes per second.  That is, 1.4x10^13.
Therefore, to ramp up a new mining operation that will have half of the mining power (i.e. the same amount as the current mining power), you'll need to get 857143 of these AntMiner S9 devices.  They retail for $3000 USD, and so the cost of doing so at retail price (just for the hardware) would be a bit over 2.5 billion dollars.
Of course, that's only going to match the current hash rate.  You actually want significantly over it to really pull off the attack consistently.  Beyond that, the rest of the miners will continue to increase their capabilities as well, so you'd need to keep up with them, or just overshoot them significant to begin with.  Let's double it and call it 1715000 devices at a cost of 5 billion dollars to be safe.
Now, in the real world, there's no way any mining manufacturer would sell you that many miners directly.  They would see a mile away what you're doing.  So instead you are going to have to set up your own fab to manufacture mining equipment.  That makes the cost of each one cheaper, but to get to the production of the same number of devices all for yourself, you're probably still somewhere around the same 5 billion in the end (honestly, I can't be bothered looking up numbers for this).
After that, you need to actually run the miners.  This means you need a location for them, power, cooling, etc.  At that scale, you can get good bargains.  If you were just mining for profit, you'd need power costs (including cooling etc) of around 9c per KW/h or less.  However mining to attack the network by rewriting transactions is - by definition - not mining new blocks to make profit.  Therefore you can't factor in profit from the miners and instead it's all cost.  At 9c per KW/h, the cost of running your 1.7 million mining rigs will be a bit over 5 million dollars a day (1372 watts per device, 24 hours a day, $0.09 per KW/h, 1715000 devices). 
So, someone who is willing to throw away 5 billion outlay (which will be useless afterwards) and 5 million a day thereafter for a sustained but undetermined period of time potentially could do this kind of attack.  I'd argue however that anyone who could do so would stand to do a lot better for themselves by instead setting this up and then just mining with it...
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:15:37
Actually, it's a gold plated cheap-metal (iron from memory but I could be wrong) coin rather than plastic.  But yeah, it has no BTC value, so it's just a pretty bit of collectible art really.
That said, I also have one myself, just because it looks cool.
@_date: 2018-09-26 11:11:37
While I actually agree with the point you're making, I do have to correct one thing:


As an older person with a full time job, believe me that most of us **have** been fucked over by almost every major institution we've dealt with at some point or other.  The problem actually comes from the fact that most of us old people haven't been fucked over hard enough and have come to accept it as "just the way things work".
I'm not saying it's right at all; in fact, I think it's pretty damned shitty... but it does seem to be reality at the moment.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:38:04


Including kitchens and USD.
@_date: 2017-12-04 12:50:06
Um... no.  Dale.  Dale Bewan.
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:43:27


Bitcoin isn't significantly deflationary.  In fact, right now it's *inflating* at a rate of 12.5 BTC every (approx) 10 minutes.
Once all coins are mined, it neither inflates or deflates naturally.  It will artificially deflate through lost coins.
Right now, the adoption is outweighing the inflation (quite significantly), which is why it looks deflationary.
Secondly, I'd argue that the argument for inflation is stupid.  All it does is encourage people to use other stores of value.  It doesn't encourage spending.  People will spend **any** currency (whether inflationary, deflationary, or stable) on things that they want/need.
Those with a good understanding of the fact that their money will be worth less by holding on to it for a long time but nevertheless don't have anything they particularly want to spend it on right now will invest in other stores of value such as real estate, precious metals, and so on.
Most people however don't actually think this way and instead keep their (small, but not insignificant when summed across all individuals) wealth in inflationary currencies, effectively crippling the lower end of the economy in favour of the higher (who are generally more educated/assisted on financial management).
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:49:38
Nice bookshelf!  I've read most - but not all - of those.
And I'm always happy with an honest and well thought out review (positive or negative.  Positive makes me feel good and ends up selling more books, but negative helps me improve for the future).
@_date: 2017-12-03 19:36:19
The "great firewall" is actually pretty easy to bypass.  And that aside, it's still essentially the scenario I already described of it being made illegal.
Those of us who are okay with the idea that morality trumps legality would just keep using it.
@_date: 2018-09-12 13:30:37
I fail to see what's "aggressive", "manipulative", or "borderline psychotic" about anything that or wrote there in that screenshot.
James asked why you sold (and yes, he used the word fuck as emphasis, but it doesn't really look all that aggressive to me); you answered with something that shows you view bitcoin as a speculative investment asset; and Yoghertz called you out on that in what looks to me like a very polite way to me.
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:52:07
I live in Germany, but I'm not German, so sorry that I'll reply in English here.  I don't think I can explain it well enough in German.  Wenn das ein Problem ist, bitte nur sagen und ich versuche es nochmal auf deutsch zu schreiben.
I don't trust our government because it's made up of people.  Political systems generally exist in order to limit the power of the government precisely because people are untrustworthy.  None of these systems are perfect however and the systems always can be abused.  Politicians generally get in to power by being better liars than their opposition.  That means we often end up with the least trustworthy people in positions in which we give the most trust.
It's not that I think the German government is particularly worse than any other.  It's just that I don't trust the concept of traditional governments at all.  To be clear, I accept their existence for the moment and will even say I'd rather have them as they are than complete anarchy.  I am in fact reasonably socialist leaning when it comes to how societies should ideally be organised and recognise the need to support the society/community in general (even through forcibly taking money in the form of taxes) so that everyone overall gets a better quality of life.
However this doesn't mean that I think the current implementation is a good one.  Governments are too easily corruptible as long as they're human institutions.  The taxes that we pay are misused terribly (so, while I support the ideal concept of taxes, I don't support their current implementation and use).  The propaganda machines are extreme.
Taking it a step further, I don't actually even like the concept of nations really.  I think we as a global society should be well beyond that by now.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:06:41
You've been coming in to a very large number of threads and spouting a bunch of uninformed nonsense.  Assuming you're not a deliberate troll, *please* listen to what people are explaining to you and stop posting your extremely uninformed opinion as if it were fact.
To answer this comment specifically:
- There is no "51% block".  That's a meaningless term.
- You don't need a "super rig" to mine bitcoin - you need one or more ASIC based mining computers that you join to a pool of miners to get your share.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:33:50
The concept of "inherent value" is misleading at best and straight up lies at worst.
When most use the term, they don't stop to think about what they really mean.  If they did though, I believe the best definition would be "*what would give it worth if it weren't money*".  That is to say, if we didn't use it as a medium of exchange, and wanted to 'barter' with it, the properties of it that make it interesting/useful to someone.
Chickens have worth because they can produce eggs, can be eaten, and to a lesser extent may be desired for their ability to produce feathers, or companionship.
Paper can be used for insulation, burning for heat, and so on.
Gold can be used in electronics and a few other cases where a soft rustproof metal is useful.
These are the "inherent values" that people tend to think about.  Bitcoin also has an inherent value in that it's an extremely secure, globally accessible, permanent ledger.  You can write stuff in to the blockchain and know that for someone to be able to change it, they'll need massive amounts of computing power.  After several blocks have past, they'd need more computing power than exists on our planet.
Now, all of that said, none of it really matters when talking about something as a store of value or other monetary object.  We don't consider things to be valuable currencies or stores of value based on the "inherent values" imbued by their properties.  That certainly sets a minimum value, but doesn't give us any indication of monetary value.  If that were true, banknotes would be essentially worthless, and gold would be far less valuable than it currently is.
Bitcoin has value beyond the inherent value of its properties in precisely the same way as every other currency and store of value.  It is backed by faith in the respective system's ability to keep functioning.  Noting carefully that the "system" here refers to the system by which the money/thing is issued (brought in to the supply), controlled, and - where relevant - destroyed.
For fiat money, the system is governmental, backed by force and common acceptance.  For gold, the system is physical, backed by limited earthly supply, mining/acquisition difficulty, and the physics/chemistry involved in its mutability to/from other elements.  For bitcoin, the system is mathematical, backed by provable mining difficulty and algorithms that can not be changed without systemwide consensus.
Fiat's backing is by far the weakest of these three, as a country's force and acceptance can vary wildly.  Gold's is much stronger, but can still be broken by technology to mine more easily, extract gold from extraterrestrial objects, convert other substances to/from gold, and so on.  Bitcoin's is by far the strongest, since as far as we understand the laws of the universe that the mathematics represents, it's essentially unbreakable.
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:20:57
I’m being paid BTC directly by my employer. The salary is denominated in euro though so the amount of bitcoin I receive varies with the exchange rate.
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:30:04


Inflation and deflation: It removes these from the manual control of people and renders them to their natural state of being reflections of the growth or decline of total economic activity.
Government's abilities to fight off recession: Thankfully it removes it entirely.


This is laughably wrong.  That "fix" in 2008 just broke everything even more and we're still suffering for it.  If that had happened during the great depression, things would have completely collapsed long ago instead of it happening now.


Yes, because:
1. Governments won't have control over the economy anymore, so it's not their job to "fight off deflation".
2. Deflation isn't a bad thing when you have a fixed supply of a money based on value instead of debt, so there's no need/desire to fight it off.
@_date: 2019-07-03 15:50:18
Like I said, I get paid in bitcoin. I don’t use exchanges anymore.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:54:41


Nice, as are mine!
To be slightly more accurate though, my income is denominated in euro and paid in BTC.  My expenses are about 5% denominated in BTC, 94% denominated in euro, 1% denominated in other currencies such as USD.  They are all paid either in BTC or using an AUD denominated credit card which I then pay off using BTC (messy, but ultimately easiest since I can pay an AUD credit card using BTC through several different services that don't require me to convert anything to fiat first).
The upside is that I don't ever hold any fiat, even if income and most expenses are denominated in it.
I'd be interested to hear if your situation is similar to mine or if there are significant differences that I might be able to learn something from.
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:48:42
He didn't mention the Dutch... he mentioned the [Pennsylvania Dutch]( who are in fact German.
Remember that the word "Dutch" comes from "Duits" in its original meaning (which is of course the same as the original meaning of the German word "Deutsch") - being a word that simply means *people*, *nation*, or *folk*.
It's no different than the Dutch national anthem containing the lyrics "*Wilhelmus van Nassouwe, ben ik, van Duitsen bloed*".  He's not calling himself German, but rather identifying himself as belonging to the people of the land as opposed to being a foreigner.
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:19:07
Bitcoin needs some additional technologies to function well as a daily currency for small purchases, definitely.  Those things are being worked on though and there are some interesting technologies just now starting to slowly appear and get tested.  These technologies focus on moving these small transactions "off chain", so that not everything you do needs to be recorded in the permanent ledger for all time.  Thousands or millions of transactions may take place with only two "on chain" transactions to represent settlement at the end.  This not only drastically increases throughput, but also drastically reduces costs.
Right now, I still find the fees for on-chain transactions acceptable if I'm paying for around €20 or more worth of goods/services.  Therefore I do still regularly use bitcoin directly for a variety of things like paying my power bill, going out to eat, and so on.  I wouldn't however want to buy a single cup of coffee with an on-chain purchase because the fee in relation to the cost of the coffee is just too high now.  That's what these off-chain solutions will re-enable.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:54:08
Not always.
I was born in to a lower to middle class family.  I started my own business in 1997 (age 18) doing security and Y2K solutions.  By mid '99 I had 6 employees.  In late '99, I sold the company to my employees and was a millionaire (several million).
I then spent the next 2.5 years travelling the world, living in hotel rooms and rented house-boats, doing a lot of drugs, and occasionally being crazy like taking a taxi from Amsterdam to Paris.
After that, I was flat broke, but thankfully got myself a good job and have been with the same (global, well known name brand) company for 15 years now.  I've moved up the company quite a lot in that time and now hold a fairly senior position in the R&amp;D arm of the company.  Far from a millionaire in fiat terms, but doing well enough that I can put both my kids in private school and still afford to throw some play money at bitcoin as well.
@_date: 2017-12-06 10:02:55
That's not true at all.  Many hodlers - myself included - feel that bitcoin has two possible outcomes:  
1. zero value  
- or -  
2. complete revolution of the financial system
In the case of 1, why sell? I won't get anything for it.
In the case of 2, why sell? My bitcoin is directly usable for all goods and services that I'm interested in accessing. (I do already use it for goods and services; just not everything since that's not possible yet)
The idea of trading my valuable BTC back to any fiat just seems crazy to me.
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:27:23


Sure, and - as said - this isn't the first time, nor is it even the longest period of time that it's done so.  This is nothing new or special.


1. Mining hash rate increasing over time.
2. Number of transactions increasing over time (although batching makes this harder to measure).
3. Increasing regulatory oversight/interest.
4. Increasing ease of use.
Not that any of these actually matter though because I don't really give a damn what the exchange rate is.  What I care about is whether or not I have an uncensorable legitimate form of money that I can use.
@_date: 2019-07-31 08:04:40
I don't see any reason why BTC can't be used for all transactions.  Those transactions simply can't all be on-chain individually.
On-chain settlement is Bitcoin behaving as the "reserve digital currency", but there is no need to invoke the creation of shitcoins to enable real world transaction scale.  This can be handled perfectly well by transacting BTC in ways other than on-chain.  Right now, the options are pretty limited and can be poorly designed with loads of issues that can't be solved due to being fundamental to the concept (e.g. custodial accounts moving numbers around in a database; handing paper wallets over to other people; etc) or can be well designed with fewer issues that should be solvable since they aren't fundamental to the concept (e.g. Lightning Network).
I note that mentioned Liquid as well as Lightning Network, trying to equate the two as if they're both just ways for some corporation to make money as long as the block size is kept down.  This is conspiracy nutjob crap that no one outside of the bcash world actually takes seriously.
Liquid is a side-chain token created with the intention of acting as a "holding/trading" system between entities that somewhat trust each other to move larger amounts of BTC around without actually moving the BTC (i.e. moving tokens that are pegged to the BTC by a smart contract that can be referenced).  Honestly, I see this as little more than a stopgap solution until such time as second layer technologies are more fully ready.  At that point, it really is just another token (shitcoin) with no real value of its own.  I don't think Blockstream were necessarily foolish to create it since it does solve a temporary problem and they can make some money off it, but I do think that anyone believing it has long-term viability hasn't really thought about it in any depth.
Lightning Network is a proper second layer solution (again, not without issues currently, but none that appear impossible to solve) in that it doesn't have separate tokens of any kind.  It lets you deal with real Bitcoin values by exchanging a *valid* *transaction* back and forth between participants in a channel and simply not writing that transaction to the chain until one or both parties (in the channel; not necessarily the payments taking place) agree to do so.  Each time the balance changes, you update the transaction, so the one that eventually does get written to the chain represents the sum total of all balance updates that happened.  Note that the Lightning Network is an open standard and anyone is free to participate.  There are companies working on it and they certainly are (like any company) interested in making profits, but they can't artificially force anything in the system to ensure more profits to them since if they tried, the rest of us would just fork off from them and run the better version that doesn't have whatever crap was done.
@_date: 2019-07-17 08:49:09


Absolutely.  I think that's one of the challenges that many people have.  I've always been a polymath in that I believe in the value of having very broad knowledge and being able to apply knowledge between domains.  However modern education in most of the world focuses on domain-specific learning with the concept that you have to deeply study one thing to become a true expert in it, usually at the expense of other things.  I consider this to be exactly backwards.  The best doctors I've met are the ones that also understand computer science and systems theory.  The best software developers I've met are the ones that also read books on linguistics and philosophy. And so on.
Understanding Bitcoin in detail requires this kind of thinking.  If you only understand the technical details, you won't understand why it has value.  If you only understand the economic aspects, you won't understand why it's able to ensure the properties that it has (and might falsely assume that altcoins could also provide it).  Even if you understand both, you might not know enough physics to realise why proof-of-work is truly secure and falsely assume that proof-of-stake is a good alternative due to energy savings.  Or you might not understand enough geopolitics and sociology to realise why government bans and other political games can only have short term impact on the system as a whole.  And much much more.  I'm sure there are many things I don't yet understand either about the entire system, and I greatly enjoy discovering them and learning them.
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:18:20
What country/state/region/location are you in?  There are different laws in different places, so you'll need to be more specific if you want anyone to be able to offer advice.  It might also be relevant what kind of company you are, but also it might not be (again, location dependent).
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:03:42
If I were CEO of a big bank, I'd do whatever it took to turn my business model around to working *with* bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
Probably I'd start off by becoming a regulated cryptocurrency exchange in as many jurisdictions as possible and allowing customers to have both fiat currency accounts as well as crypto accounts allowing them to easily buy/sell/trade between them in as frictionless a way as possible.
Beyond that, I'd begin looking in to other activities like acting as a large lightning node, setting up a payment processor system (competitor to bitpay, but non-sucky), and so on.
There's no reasons banks *have* to be enemies with bitcoin.  Most of them are because they're managed by scared old men that don't want to understand anything new and will do whatever they can to hold on to their existing ways of doing things.  But that doesn't mean they have to be.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:40:04
I think the endgame is whatever we need it to be at the time.
As you say, no one can see the future and like any good open source project, it will adapt over time to the needs of the time.
Right now, on-chain transactions are realistically usable as a currency for higher-value items only.  This becomes more true over time as the value of bitcoin rises, since fees are measured in satoshis per byte. 
 Let's first ignore the limited number of transactions that fit within a block and the growing demand for transactions with growing usage and do some calculations about fees and values over time:
When bitcoin was $10/BTC, a 50 satoshi/byte transaction fee for a 250 byte transaction would have been worth around 0.125 cents.  When bitcoin was $100/BTC, this same transaction fee would be worth about 1.25 cents.  At $1000/BTC, that same fee would be worth 12.5 cents.  At $10000/BTC, it's $1.25.  If you're dealing with larger (in bytes) transactions due to multiple inputs, or are putting a higher sat/byte fee because of a desire for priority, then you can easily imagine multiplying these values by 10 or even more.  At 0.125 cents,  going to 1.25 cents probably wouldn't have bothered you on your coffee purchase.  At 12.5c, going to $1.25 may start to feel like it's adding a bit much to your coffee.  At $1.25, you're probably not even considering using bitcoin to buy a single cup of coffee.
This means that at lower values, bitcoin functioned effectively as a currency for any kind of transactions.  At higher values, it functions more like a digital gold and/or settlement layer.  You probably don't mind even the equivalent of $100 transaction fees if you're moving the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
There are many people - myself included - who would like to see bitcoin be usable as a currency for those kinds of smaller transactions as well.  There are different proposals for how to solve this.  As a technical person, I like second-/third-layer solutions, since they are designed to solve the problem properly rather than only temporarily as many other proposals do.  They allow for a huge number of small transactions to be conducted off-chain and then only settled on-chain at a later point in time.  This not only has the effect of reducing the number of transactions to be conducted on-chain, but also allows for those transactions to all be high-value, meaning the transaction fees are 'worth it' economically.
The concept of second layer solutions was very briefly touched on in the original whitepaper, but not clarified or detailed at all.  This is because no matter how smart someone is, there's no way you'll be aware of the finer details of solutions to future problems until it's really time to face those problems.
I fully expect that in the coming years, new problems will emerge that need further solutions.  Some of these problems may relate to needs that are not currently known or expected and so therefore can not be planned for.
This is fine, because unlike other forms of money we know, bitcoin is *programmable money*.  Like anything programmable, it's designed to be able to grow and change to meet needs that we don't yet know we have.
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:20:39
And there will be those who choose not to pay, turn to crime, and make everyone else's lives worse.
Taxes may feel "unfair" but I can say from experience that living in a place with low taxes and the resulting high inequality is *far* worse than living in a place with higher taxes and more equality.
We are social animals and we need to realise this in our governing structures.  Sometimes it will mean that freeloaders get away with shit that we'd rather they didn't, and sometimes it will mean that people work a little harder for less reward than they really deserve, but it's worth it in the end to have a civilisation where we're not constantly in a state of cold war with every human being we encounter throughout our lives.
@_date: 2018-09-09 09:43:52
But the volatility is a result of the low usage.  If 10% of the people on the planet were using it as a day to day currency, there's not a cartel or government on the planet that could cause the kinds of swings we're seeing in value right now.
So, as adoption increases, volatility decreases, which reduces the barrier/concern for many people, ultimately allowing for further adoption.  That kind of process always starts painfully slow, but as long as it maintains a positive value near the start, it becomes increasingly less likely to stop/turn around over time until it's essentially a certainty.
To be fair: I don't think we've reached that point yet.  It is possible for adoption to fall backwards significantly still and that could keep bitcoin relegated to a small group of people without it ever taking off with the general public; but that's why I personally am doing all I can for adoption, since once the critical mass is reached, it essentially becomes a given.
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:05:13
So, you're pretty new to bitcoin then, eh?
This is *far* from the longest bear market we've seen and certainly won't be the last.
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:35:02
I have a few different income streams.  Some of them are BTC directly, but unfortunately my main "day job" still pays Euro, so I convert it to BTC (excluding the reserved amount for automatic payments) immediately after receiving it.
I've discussed with my employer the idea of paying in BTC and they're open to the idea, but they want to figure out first how they can safely (and within all regulatory frameworks) hold BTC themselves in order to do so.
@_date: 2018-09-26 13:50:28
The concept of "taking profits" implies you're treating it as an investment.
Just in case you weren't aware, not everyone is interested in Bitcoin as a means to increase their personal wealth.
@_date: 2018-09-10 03:51:58
I've seen "TA" predicting complete opposite futures and everything in between.  So by cherry picking, of course you can find TA that "predicted" the price movements that have happened.  However that doesn't actually mean it has any merit.
Imagine the following:
Tomorrow, I tell 10000 people that the price will go up, 10000 that it will go down, and 10000 that it will stay the same.  
The day after that, I ignore that 20000 who I told the wrong info, and tell 3333 up, 3333 down, 3333 same.  
The day after that, I ignore the 6666 who I told the wrong info, and tell 1111 up, 1111 down, and 1111 same.  
The day after that, I ignore the 2222 who I told the wrong info, and tell 370 up, 370 down, and 370 same.  
The day after that, I ignore the 246 who I told the wrong info, and tell 123 up, 123 down, and 123 same.  
At this point, there are 123 people who are pretty convinced I can tell them the future price, since I got it right five days in a row.
TA gets a little more complex since it actually influences people to make decisions as well which can affect the outcome, perhaps giving a slight bias depending on how many people actually follow it, but ultimately it's still just guesswork that is justified by looking for patterns that don't really exist.  You can prove this by taking past charts of nearly any market, cutting them at random points, and getting several people who don't know what chart it is to perform TA on it, and comparing the results to the reality.  You'll find their results are no better than guesswork (and that they won't agree with each other most of the time).
It's very easy to **feel** like this must be wrong and TA must work because you've seen it work, but that is just confirmation bias in that your brain is assigning more significance (and therefore memory staying-power) to the hits than the misses.
As a side note: I also don't really understand the desire to gamble on BTC.  I don't gamble on any markets because I'm pretty sure I'd lose badly, but if I really wanted to, I'd probably gamble on alt-coins (especially brand-new shitcoins going through pump and dump schemes) since they tend to have larger volatility and therefore more chance for profit.  Stable long-term investments for me live in more traditional systems.  BTC is neither a gamble nor an investment, but simply my day to day currency of choice.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:14:53
Bitcoin Cash functions in a very similar way to Bitcoin (other than being deliberately crippled by not implementing segwit). There is no way that it can function as a day to day currency for mass usage either. 
The only realistic way to do that is off-chain with on-chain settlements of final balances. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:32:43
The vast majority of my usage is buying things.  I make exactly one fiat-&gt;BTC transaction per month at an exchange and zero BTC-&gt;fiat transactions ever.
I hope to eliminate that soon once my employer starts paying me in BTC directly.
Just because the *current* majority usage is trading, that doesn't mean that's the intended long term roadmap of those who are building the system (otherwise we wouldn't bother with 90% of the features it does have).
@_date: 2018-09-18 11:45:15
I think you missed the part where I said "*I only use bitcoin*".  That wasn't a joke.
My only fiat is that which goes out in automatic payments each month on the bills that I can't yet pay with bitcoin.  I didn't have "a couple of dollars" (or a couple of euro, which would be more appropriate here in Germany) to give.
And besides, if they didn't want to hear about bitcoin, they could've walked away and found someone else to get a donation from.  I'd already made it completely clear that I wasn't able to make a donation.  They stayed to discuss it because they were honestly interested.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:39:21
It doesn't have to be anonymous - as long as the founder/creator has no greater ability to influence the system than anyone else under the fair rules of the system.
So, by that metric, Litecoin is as decentralised as bitcoin (being essentially an almost exact clone with only some fundamental values being set differently).
However it's absolutely true that any coin where there is a body that is able to influence it more significantly than others (against the rules of the system itself), then there's no reasonable way you can call it truly decentralised no matter how many other aspects act in a decentralised manner.
@_date: 2019-07-15 09:39:38
So?  There's a fixed supply.  That's important.
Even if I only take 1 mBTC from them each time, that's still 1 mBTC that they no longer have.  Now imagine there's a thousand others doing the same, so we take 1 BTC from them each time.  The whales could have 5 million BTC all together, but each time they buy and sell, even if sometimes they're making profits from each other and sometimes losing out against each other, we take our collective 1 BTC cut.  Rinse and repeat enough times, and suddenly they're not so "big" anymore compared to the rest of us.
@_date: 2019-07-17 15:53:38
That's what I mean by the "theoretical" hourly rate (and my contract actually says 37.5 hours per week).
Sometimes I work more hours, sometimes I work less.  There's no one checking up on it and I get paid the same either way, so no, I really don't make an hourly rate even though it technically possible to calculate what it would be if it did.
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:31:21


You should probably check out The concept of their "tangle" is that in order to perform a transaction, you must confirm transactions (which is a very minimal amount of effort), thereby avoiding the concept of "miners" in a blockchain based system.
That said, while it does look like a very interesting technology, there are potentially some issues that have yet to proven (for or against).
Now, please be aware that if you do go down that path, this is not the right subreddit for it.  This is and altcoin discussion is (as per the guidelines in the sidebar) offtopic.
@_date: 2018-09-19 03:52:50
Actually no.  Like most of those street charities here in Germany, they accepted either cash or a repeating donation by filling out a form for direct debit.  Credit cards aren't really all that common here for that sort of usage.
@_date: 2018-09-19 03:54:40
Hah, no.  Just my Ford Focus.
The thing about using bitcoin as a currency is that you don't end up saving much of it.  So even though I once had hundreds of BTC, at the time things also cost tens to hundreds of BTC.
I do have some savings, and I'm happy with how their value has gone up, but it's pretty far from "lambo territory".
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:36:56
I'm seeing GDAX at a current rate of €9800, with an ATH of €9951.  What's your source for the €10k number?
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:34:57
I first bought some BTC in 2010. 
I have no intention of ever “cashing out”. I will (and do) spend it on things that I want or need. Fiat currency doesn’t fall in to that category. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:59:19
I've never used it, but I've heard that:
a) It's very easy  
b) They have a lot of issues that can cause problems  
c) They have high fees
Note that as an online service - an exchange - storing coins there is still a case of "not your keys, so not your bitcoins".  If you can accept the fees and any issues, it might be a fine place to purchase bitcoin, but for safety's sake, you should always transfer them to a real wallet instead.
@_date: 2018-09-18 09:06:13
Related -&gt; True story from yesterday:
I park my car about 10 minutes away from my office, since the company I work for doesn't have enough parking spaces.  When I left work yesterday and was walking to my car, I passed one of those charity fundraising pop-up stands on the street.  A girl intercepted me and started on her story about why their charity is the best way to help starving people in war-torn east African countries.
To be honest, I'd be happy to give a little donation.  The charity sounded alright.  However I am the blue shirted guy in this comic... I only use bitcoin.
While it would be funny to tell you that she gave me money, that didn't happen.  What did happen though is that she'd never heard of it, and called over one of her colleagues.  He confirmed that they don't in fact accept bitcoin donations (he was aware of bitcoin, but only superficially).  The three of us then spent about 10 to 15 minutes talking about what bitcoin is and how - with proper planning on the charity's side - it would be something they really could get behind given how control over money is one of the ways that these countries are being oppressed by those in power.
So, no donation from me yesterday, but they said they'll talk to their supervisor/organiser and see if they can at least start accepting bitcoin donations in the future, even if it's just to convert to fiat at first.  I also somewhat got the impression that both of them were likely to go out and investigate it further themselves.  They both seemed really quite excited about the idea of it as I explained it to them.
@_date: 2019-07-23 17:51:28
There’s a big difference between an ATM and my local bar. I don’t think I’ve spent more than 5 million satoshi in total at the bar and probably not more than 500k satoshi in one visit. 
An ATM probably shouldn’t be accepting zero-conf. I still see no good reason for my local bar not to. 
Again, I’m talking my own personal experience here, not theory.
@_date: 2018-09-19 04:01:16
So if I'm understanding you correctly, you're saying "*the only way it is going mainstream is by going mainstream*"?
In that case, I don't think anyone disagrees.
@_date: 2018-09-19 03:55:59
It is pretty impractical, but I do it because I want to encourage adoption, including encouraging developers to improve the user experience to make it more practical.
We've come a *long* way in the past few years.  There's still a long way further to go, but it's far easier now than it was 4 or 5 years ago.
@_date: 2019-07-23 11:34:57
That scenario describes the wilful inflation of USD supply based on an action taken using CAD.
The statement from was instead implying that the *existence* of CAD can't be treated as an increased supply of USD.  Printing more CAD (and thus devaluing it) isn't an action that devalues USD.  Purchasing USD with those CAD doesn't directly do so either; it's a knock-on effect at best, and not one that can influence Bitcoin, as you rightly point out.
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:07:13
The two most common designs are:
- [This one](
- And [this one](
Personally I don't really see a point, but if you want to visualise a physical coin, these are by far the two most recognisable.
@_date: 2018-09-26 14:24:48
If I absolutely **knew** that the exchange rate against fiat would go down again to below where it was at the time, then sure, I'd sell some and buy back more later.  However I don't **know** that and nor do you or anyone else.
I am more interested in holding bitcoin than fiat currency, so "taking profits" to me would be what happens in the second part of that hypothetical: the one where I'm buying back more bitcoin than I sold, having used fiat as the appreciating asset.  "Taking profits" in fiat is meaningless and uninteresting to me.
@_date: 2018-09-19 09:57:58
I don’t earn much BTC directly. My main income source is in euro, which I exchange for BTC as soon as possible after I get it. 
I’m discussing with my employer to pay me in BTC to avoid this hassle in the future. 
I do have secondary incomes in BTC, but it’s under 10% of my total income. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:13:59
Not at all, but your comment was implying that this particular downturn is somehow special, different, or longer than normal, when it quite simply isn't.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:28:13
I'd say that yes, 1 satoshi is always small enough of a unit for on-chain transactions.
My reasoning is that we calculate fees in a satoshi-per-byte fashion.  Given that transaction fees will always realistically be on the order of several thousand satoshi at a minimum, on-chain transactions (e.g. as settlements for larger numbers of smaller off-chain transactions) where sub-satoshi values are meaningful won't be 'worth it'.
Therefore the sub-satoshi values can remain off-chain and be 'rounding errors' on-chain if needed no matter how high the value of bitcoin becomes (higher values would just mean less on-chain settlement than lower values; which is already what we see without even having significant 2nd layer solutions in place).
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:47:08
Since no one answered your main question directly yet: Yes, the BTC balance is a legitimate BTC balance and not a fake coverup for BCH.
However, since it's a custodial wallet - that is, the 'owner' doesn't actually have the private keys and therefore doesn't really own the coins - the people running that site could at any point and totally outside of your control, do whatever they want with those coins.
As the people running that site are extremely in favour of an altcoin that they claim is somehow the 'real bitcoin', it is very easy to imagine them at some point liquidating BTC out of custodial wallets and giving BCH instead with some kind of statement that they "no longer support the BTC chain" or whatever.
Therefore, yes, it's real BTC, but you should get it out of there as quickly as possible in to a wallet where the private keys are under your own control.  As others have said, Electrum is a pretty good wallet for desktop/laptop systems, but personally I use a combination of a Ledger Nano S hardware wallet for the majority of my coins, and Bread on my iPhone for day to day transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:13:17
More than zero and less than twenty one million.
@_date: 2018-09-12 14:43:06
Why do you think a "very true holder" has "lost millions of dollar"?
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:50:12
Congratulations. Being a parent has been (and continues to be) simultaneously both the most wonderful and most frustrating thing in my life. 
I got my kids 1 BTC each on the days they were born. In fiat terms, it means my 6 year old daughter was FAR less investment than my 3 year old son, but since both just came from my existing BTC hodlings, I don’t think of it in fiat terms generally. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:24:48
I think you completely misunderstand what I mean when I say "manipulate".
The exchange rate between fiat and BTC ("price") is extremely manipulable.  However that's something that I really don't care all that much about.  Whether BTC is one dollar or a million dollars, I can use it just the same.
What I mean by a manipulated currency is that with fiat, governments and private organisations can control the supply and the usage of that currency.  They can change how much is created at will.  They can freeze bank accounts.  They can take what is yours without asking your permission.  They can declare entire media of currency (e.g. specific bank notes) to be worthless with the stroke of a pen.  These are things that no one, no matter how "rich" or "powerful", can do to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:27:23
Nah, I don't smoke weed... but I spent a bit over half a million on LSD.
@_date: 2018-09-14 05:20:38
Yes.  "Form a natural equilibrium" does indeed mean that some less efficient miners go out of business.
My claim wasn't that miners will always make a profit; it's that they can't change the ecosystem in order to continue to make their profit when it's against the wishes the ecosystem/economy as a whole.
@_date: 2017-12-09 08:30:29
IOTA is probably the most different. 
Whether it’s “better” or not depends a lot on who you ask. It definitely has some properties that theoretically allow a much greater ability to scale well, but it’s very unproven and some people that are much cleverer than me have expressed concerns with the system that shouldn’t be taken lightly. 
@_date: 2019-07-03 17:40:18
Some things aren’t worth countering. 
Imagine responding to every flat-earther, anti-vaxxer, Goop-product-promoter, etc. 
If someone makes valid points or points you think might sway someone who doesn’t understand it, you might consider it worth your time to write a proper rebuttal. But if you try to respond to every moron out there, you’ll only drive yourself crazy in the process.
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:17:30
It's amazing how I can completely agree with your first three paragraphs but completely fail to see how the fourth paragraph follows from it.
To me, taxes are a perfect example of us acting as social animals, sacrificing a little of the wealth of everyone proportional to their wealth in favour of a common grounding for the society in which everyone participates.
@_date: 2018-09-26 14:17:17
The article *almost* says something useful, but stops short before it does.
The important point about the halving that it fails to mention is that this process ensures that the transition from there being new coins minted to there being no new coins minted is almost unnoticeable.
Sixteen years before no new coins are minted, the reward will be 4 satoshi.  Four years later, 2 satoshi.  Four years after that, 1 satoshi.  Compared to the fees, these are meaninglessly small amounts.  Even by the mid-way halving somewhere around 2074, only 76293 satoshi will be minted each block.  To put it in to perspective, the most recent block mined as of this post ( had 39651741 satoshi in fees.
If the amount of fees in a block were to stay at around 40000000 satoshi (0.4BTC), we'd see fees make up half of the miner's reward by around 2036.  By 2040, fees would be 2/3 of the reward, and going on from there, fees are very clearly the main driving aspect of a miner's operation.
If fees increase (as is likely with a healthy fee pressure market), all of the above would of course be even sooner.
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:52:38
And no one else will run it.
Just because the devs write code, doesn't mean anyone else has to use it.  And if they were under duress to put "evil code" in, you can bet that every forum (including reddit) would be full of posts telling you not to "upgrade" to the latest version.
@_date: 2018-09-04 11:07:49
Money yes, value no.  I have plenty of stable investments in a diverse range of different things; however when it comes to money, I don't hold any significant amount of fiat since I don't see any sensible reason to do so.  So yes, all my *money* is bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:53:25
Prove to me you're worth 25 BTC and it's a deal.
Remembering that I can get 3 to 4 highly skilled senior devs for that amount per year to work on pretty much anything I ask them to.  So, prove to me that you're a better choice than that.
As far as proof goes, I want to see high quality working code, detailed architectural/design documentation (including discussion sessions of pros/cons of decisions made), and irrefutable evidence of the timeframe taken to produce it.
@_date: 2018-09-13 09:39:23
The dream of a world - maybe for my kids rather than me - where money is removed as one tool that bad people can use to do bad things. 
And by that, I don’t mean criminal activity being paid, since that can and will happen in any currency. What I mean is those in positions of power: having the ability to tell people how and where they are “allowed” to spend their money; controlling the amount of money for their own benefits; and being able to take that money without consent. 
I certainly won’t complain if I get rich in the process, but that’s not what I’m in it for. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 15:09:05
PayPal is a problem because its transactions are reversible and bitcoin’s aren’t. This means that you could arrange a trade of your fiat for bitcoin, but then after receiving the bitcoin, reverse the PayPal transaction. 
Because of this, you’re very unlikely to find someone willing to participate in that deal with you. 
If possible where you live, maybe localbitcoins, craigslist, or some other site where you can arrange a trade with someone local would be an option.  You meet up and physically hand over cash while the other person sends you the bitcoin. Obviously this has physical risks (being robbed for example), but for a small amount is probably reasonably safe (not that I would want to personally, but it’s your choice). 
@_date: 2017-12-03 19:49:56
I'm not doubting it would push it down a lot, but it wouldn't change the fundamental nature of the system.  My argument was only against the statement that governments could "*control or end the use of crypto*".  I don't believe they can any more than they can "control or end the use of cocaine".
I wholeheartedly agree that we can hope they never try.  I'd even go a step further though and say that I expect they never will.  Cryptocurrency may still be a tiny market, but it's large enough already to make banning it outright a significant headache in modern, western, democratic systems.
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:10:27
That's Bitpay's fault, not a problem with bitcoin itself.
Bitpay add their own fees to transactions.  They call them "mining fees" but there's no direct evidence that those funds are used for mining fees.  You, as the sender, are free to choose whatever mining fees you want (which will affect how quickly your transaction gets included in a block).
Bitpay's fees on the other hand are included in the price they ask you to pay, so are not negotiable.  When possible, I encourage merchants to move to other alternatives instead of Bitpay so that their customers aren't getting screwed over.
@_date: 2018-09-19 09:47:12
I use a perfectly normal American Express card... it just happens to be an Australian one, meaning I can use Living Room of Satoshi to pay it off without having to ever hold any fiat. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:15:46
Sorry.  I am not trying to twist what you're saying.  I simply don't understand what you're saying, so I'm answering as best I can.  That's why I am repeatedly asking for clarifications.
So, now you've asked what I think/hope is a clear enough question, so I'll try to answer that:


There is no reason to mine an already existing block.  So, by definition, no miner will be doing so.  The only time that this can happen is when they're found at (more or less) the same time, so one gets orphaned.
If I knew a block already existed and I spend a lot of effort trying to re-mine it, yes, my block would be rejected in favour of the established one.  That's exactly the point of the security of the proof-of-work system within Bitcoin's blockchain.  It stops anyone being able to edit the history recorded in the public blockchain.  It's also exactly why no one is going to want to do this.
For the case where you don't know about the other block since another miner got it a few seconds before you did, yes, you'll probably lose.  But there's no way to game this system to take advantage of it.  Bigger and more financially powerful miners can lose to a smaller mining pool under this scenario equally as well as the smaller can lose to the larger.  The choice of which block makes it in to the chain forevermore depends (all other things being equal) on which block is picked up to build on top of by the next miner to find a block.  No miner has the ability to degrade their competitors, only to outcompete them fair and square*.
\* Just for completeness, one **not** fair and square mining advantage does exist called ASICBoost which gives a small, but significant enough advantage over miners that don't/can't use it, but the segwit upgrade also nullifies this vulnerability.
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:55:59
I touched on the concept of Lightning, but in a short conversation on a public street, I'm not going to go deep in to the tech of how to set stuff up and use it.
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:04:49
I agree with your stance on both Nick Szabo and Luke Dashjr.  The nice thing with bitcoin is though, that no one *can* hijack it.
These guys are both technically pretty brilliant (they make technical mistakes too, but who doesn't?) and have contributed great things towards bitcoin.  But if either of them tried to enforce a minority opinion upon the network through code, that code would be roundly and soundly rejected.  Even if the entire core development team were to start pushing code in to the main client that the majority disagreed with, we'd just end up with a new codebase maintained by someone else and carry on as if nothing happened.
So yeah, I don't agree with these people's opinions on a few non-bitcoin things that they're vocal about (or even on some bitcoin things from time to time) but it doesn't worry me or bother me in relation to bitcoin that they hold these views.
It's really no different than when people ask if I'm worried that bitcoin may have been created by a government agency using the name Satoshi Nakamoto in order to carry out some plan or other.  Nope, don't care if they did (don't believe they did, but also don't care either way).  They can't exert any more control over it than anyone else.
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:41:17
I'd suggest you strongly target hotels and shops/restaurants/services that cater primarily to tourists.
This has two effects.
Firstly, it encourages bitcoin tourism.  As someone who lives on bitcoin nearly exclusively, I'd be far more likely to consider a holiday to a location where I knew I could "hassle-free" pay for my hotel and meals in bitcoin.
Secondly is that once you've got those businesses, you're far more likely to be taken seriously by the remainder as they see the demand around them increasing (tourists are often a "push" for any technology change in a region).
@_date: 2018-09-06 04:17:07
Decentralisation and price have **nothing** to do with each other.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:14:28
The disturbing part is that foreign debts are almost always valued in dollars; so the US can essentially reduce its own debts through increasing the money supply.  If that doesn't scream of a chance for massive corruption and manipulation, I don't know what does...
@_date: 2019-07-31 14:20:04
Slovenia?  You're definitely in the right country for Bitcoin!
I'm in Germany, which is pretty "Bitcoin unfriendly" for the most part (because everything is over-regulated in general so it makes innovation difficult), but I can get by just fine without holding any euro at all.  In Slovenia, I wouldn't have any concerns about not being able to find somewhere to spend Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:00:14
Actually, I know quite a lot about it, having studied economics and having worked a large portion of my life around people interested in trading.
As to why I'm here in this thread: because I want to add another voice to this thread that there are people who don't think Bitcoin is just an investment vehicle.  If someone comes across this thread via a Google search, I want them to see a side to Bitcoin that they perhaps hadn't considered before given the ridiculously one-sided approach it gets in most media.
I could actually ask what you and others are doing posting this kind of stuff in when it's clear that exists for this purpose?
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:12:08
Why exactly?
What properties of bitcoin make it worth its current price to you?  Why not a hundred times less or a hundred times more?
My personal feeling is that any exchange rate under $500k USD is likely very undervalued, and I'd not start feeling it to be overvalued until around two million or so.
This feeling is based on the supply of 21 million coins and my own rough estimates as to the potential for its use in the long term.  I could of course be very wrong, but I don't see how the current rate can be considered "justified" by any reasonable metric.  I'm quite okay with it being where it is (or higher, or lower) because I do feel we're still in the early value discovery phase of things.  During this phase, pretty much any rate is possible, but I don't see that any of them are "justified".
@_date: 2018-09-19 06:32:58
If you think that, I would suggest it says more about your foresight than about Bitcoin. 
The only real technical issues standing in the way are transaction aggregation (likely solved by 2nd layer networks like Lightning once the various issues therein are improved/solved) and UX simplification. 
Neither of these are small issues, but they most certainly are solvable. 
If you claim it’s **demonstrably** beyond the capabilities of the network for the foreseeable future, I will have to ask for that demonstration before I can even remotely take your claim seriously. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 09:50:56
“All known” seems a bit overconfident with such a small list...
What would probably be more interesting would be to compare known/estimated hash rates of known mines with the global hash rate to see how much is “dark”. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 13:01:53
If it's going to go in to an Australian bank account, [Living Room of Satoshi]( will let you do up to $50k at a time (and no limits on how often, so if your friend wanted to get $500k, they can just do ten transactions back-to-back).
Of course, anyone should be careful with banks and that much money if it's not "normal" for their account.  Your friend may find themselves dealing with a lot of red tape if they don't play things carefully.
@_date: 2018-09-14 18:59:15
Why would it “go stale” with no upgrades in that scenario??? You know it’s open source right? Literally ANY competent developers could carry it on. 
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:14:56
No special account needed. It’s custodial inside the bot, but you can tell the bot to withdraw your balance to a wallet under your control with a simple command. 
More info [here](
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:54:24
Honestly to me it seems "super unwise" to hold any significant amount of a currency that is manipulated and controlled by governments and private corporations.
Don't get me wrong: I don't have all of my wealth in bitcoin.  I have investments and assets of varying kinds as well as an "emergency account" with some fiat in it in case the near-impossible happens and a critical flaw is found in the entire concept of bitcoin itself, rendering it worthless.  
However when it comes to my day to day currency, I prefer to use honest, real, hard money.
Also to be clear: It is very impractical.  It would be much easier to simply use bitcoin where ever convenient but primarily use fiat.  I am willing to make the personal sacrifice of convenience in favour of what bitcoin represents with the idea that I am setting myself as an example for others that we *can* begin to separate ourselves from the control of the political/financial machine that we increasingly find ourselves under in this day and age.
@_date: 2018-09-04 11:05:01
[Don't buy bitcoin, it's only going to crash again](
^((note that that video is from 2015...))
@_date: 2018-09-21 09:57:16
Yep, you're right.  I was initially replying from my phone, but now on the big screen, it's much clearer.
Seems like a waste of 3D printing to me though!
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:51:47
Actually, that's just a matter of how the healthcare budget is spent.  Simply throwing more money at it won't help, no, but using money correctly can make a world of difference.
@_date: 2017-12-17 14:59:52
Big blocks certainly aren't "evil".  To be quite honest, I think calling anything "evil" is just small minded and kinda stupid.
However, increasing block size certainly carries significant risks to the bitcoin network that should not be ignored.
The blocksize debate is old and boring and both sides have been argued to death already.  Basically however, my view is that increasing blocksize by any moderate amount is essentially useless since it would only fill up again immediately with spam.  I can't prove that of course, but given the amount of what appears to be spam in the network right now, it's a reasonable assumption.
Therefore it's simply not prudent to accept the risks of a blocksize increase when there is likely little to nothing to be gained from it.
What we need is a way to have more transactions without a simple increase in the blocksize.  To me, the lightning network seems the most elegant approach put forth so far, and the initial aspects of it we're already seeing are very promising in this regard.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:28:31
A larger mining pool does not consistently lose to a smaller.  As per my other reply, a mining pool with 25% of the hash rate will win on average 25% of the blocks.  A mining pool with 35% of the has rate on the other hand will win on average 35% of the blocks.
It's completely true that bitcoin mining is indeed completely pointless unless you're willing to invest in an ASIC miner and have reasonably cheap electricity to run it.  The return on investment from a single ASIC miner on a standard residential power plan is far lower than the expected return on investment of simply buying bitcoin.  That's why experts - including myself if I may be so bold as to call myself an expert - advise against it.  I have never said otherwise.
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:00:53
As per my other reply elsewhere in this thread somewhere, for fuel I use a fiat based credit card which I can pay off using BTC.  I don't prefer that, but it's my only current option.
For groceries, I simply pay directly in BTC at one of the two small grocery stores that will accept it from me.  I used to use Edeka Online, but they stopped accepting BTC, which annoyed/saddened me a lot.
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:44:44
That's the nice thing about open source code.  Anyone can check it.
To be honest, I usually don't, because I don't have time, but knowing that not only I can, but a very large number of other people also can is often enough.  It means that should 'bad' code be pushed in, someone checking it somewhere is going to make a fuss and make it public.  In the case that there was a higher likelihood (e.g. we've just decided the entire existing core team are compromised and trying to ruin the system), then absolutely I'd also start checking every codebase myself as well.
I'm well aware that not everyone is technically able to do so, so in those cases, yes - you'd need to trust someone who can.  But at least it's easier to trust a large group of people that don't know each other and are geographically spread all over the world than it is to trust a small group of developers somewhere.
@_date: 2018-09-13 07:01:29
Miners will continue to make money from fees. Additionally, the way that the reward halving works, it will be a gradual change rather than a sudden cut. People - including miners - will barely notice a difference between the final block that has a one satoshi reward vs the next that has zero. 
Aside from tat, it’s all meaningless in terms of whether they’re willing to devalue their own money. “Printing more” is only a solution for those that have unilateral and secret control over supply (and even then, only for a short time). If bitcoin miners tried to unilaterally decide it against the wishes of the network, all they’d do is fork themselves off to a worthless and meaningless altcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:57:04
That's fine, but it's worth remembering that you're focusing on one specific use case - that of a day-to-day currency.  Bitcoin has many different use cases and the ultimate value will depend on all of them.  It can still have significant value even without the use case that you're interested in.
For the record, I also want to use bitcoin as a day to day currency again (I still do use it as a currency, but usually not for purchases of under around €40 due to the fees).  Even without that though, I don't consider it to be without utility.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:11:54
I work at a bitcoin related company. I can justify browsing here as part of my job ;)
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:07:03
I’m at work right now, but I’ll do so once I get home. 
And thanks: I came up with the idea a couple of months back when there was another long thread about spam transactions and nodes’ behaviours with them. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:16:03
Using history to predict the future is the basis of most forms of scientific analysis and prediction, so it's certainly not useless as a basic concept.
However, when it comes to the social sciences (of which economics is absolutely one, no matter what some people say), you need large data sets to get even rough approximations out.  Bitcoin is a tiny market with an extremely short history and an extraordinarily complex ecosystem of influencing factors.  So in that instance, yes, the modelling is pretty useless.
I'd even argue that a great deal of other economic modelling is also near useless (and provably so comparing predictions to actual behaviour).  Not all, but certainly a lot.
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:04:46
Privacy is not built-in, but it's also not broken by the existing base protocol.
By avoiding address reuse, none of the issues described are relevant anymore except *perhaps* the concern about fungibility.  However that concern technically exists for cash as well since bank notes have serial numbers.  In practice, no one cares and in a world where bitcoin is regularly used, I can not imagine anyone will care that some coins I'm wanting to use for something legitimate happened to be used in a drug deal twenty transactions ago just as you don't care that the $5 you got in your change at Starbucks was used not so long ago to snort coke off a hooker's ass.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:03:53
What makes you think the trust in it is blind?
At least for myself - and many others here judging by posts - I trust it because I understand the fundamental concept of the technology and how it works.
The high volatility is expected of something that gets traded like a commodity but without anyone being able to control the supply to adjust it.  It's also expected that this should smooth out and have much lower volatility if and when there is significant adoption and use.
If you treat it as something that exists to "get rich", you might succeed or might not, but you've missed the point.  I honestly don't care very much at all what the price does over the next few years.  The technology and what it might mean for the world is what really matters.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:42:31
He did, yeah... but if that's how a dead bird falls, I'd question whether it's really dead.  Sure, it spiked down for a bit, but it's already back up at €9847 again... which - while still under the ATH - is higher than when I commented 10 hours ago.
@_date: 2018-09-18 12:39:46
Up until recently, Edeka Online accepted bitcoin, so that was my go-to for groceries.  They unfortunately stopped accepting it not so long ago though which did cause me problems for a short while.
I'm actually in a small village, not a big city like Berlin.  One of the good things in small villages is the "personal touch".  There are now two small local grocery shops where I can pay with BTC after having convinced them to accept it from me.  They don't advertise it, but if someone else did walk in and ask to pay with BTC, they'll take it.  I'd prefer if a supermarket took it (the only supermarket in the village is Netto; but of course I could go to any of the major ones in the nearby city if they'd accept it) since to be honest supermarket shopping is much easier, but for me it's a matter of both principle as well as a kind of social experiment in some ways.
I do allow for some circumstances which are less than ideal simply because I do have to get by.  The aforementioned automatic payments from my bank account are an example of one such case.  Another is diesel, since there aren't any gas stations that take BTC either.  For those, I use an Australian issued credit card which I got when I used to live there and then use Living Room of Satoshi to pay it off.  That way, even though the transaction itself was fiat, I didn't have to hold any fiat to do it (just a short term fiat debt between making the payment and paying it off).  I use that credit card for other purchases when absolutely necessary as well.
Most other day to day things however I've got a solution for.  With BTC directly: I can order almost any fast food delivery; I pay my VPN access; I get my e-cigarette supplies; I pay my rent; I buy concert/event tickets; etc.
I used to live in Hannover, where I was able to pay my power bill with BTC as well as a few local cafes and bars, but on the flip-side, my landlord there didn't take it for rent; so despite the lack of cafes/bars/restaurants here in the area, it's not all that bad... and I do plan on working on increasing adoption here as much as I can.  I'm really holding out a lot for Lightning integrated Point of Sale systems to become more widely available though (partly "working towards" rather than just waiting but it's not a project I can very actively work on myself right now), since those will greatly simplify and improve the day-to-day use cases.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:03:37
False parent. Ignore. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:46:49


This is completely true, however I think you're missing the point that when you live in one of these places, you can do the digging necessary to figure it out.  It's really not easy, but it is possible.
I also travelled a lot in my previous job.  In Tokyo, with BTC I bought a couple of things at Bic Camera and enjoyed a meal at one restaurant.  But there's no way I could survive there on BTC only without a hell of a lot of research first.  I also wouldn't expect my next door neighbour to immediately be able to do it here.


Yes and no.  When I absolutely must (such as for fuel), I do use a credit card which I pay off using BTC.  The merchant gets fiat and so it doesn't help from that perspective, but on the positive side, I never need to hold fiat to make that transaction, so that's a positive from my side.


Yes, we're in total alignment here.  I do make a point of asking whether merchants will accept BTC.  It's how I got the two local groceries stores to accept it.  This is even the case for places where I ultimately end up using the credit card.
Some places however, I just stopped going.  Asking my local McDonalds or Burger King to accept it would be next to pointless.  Asking the small family-owned burger place on the corner however is far more likely to get a positive result.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:32:34
Started below single digits in dollar terms. 
Never played the trading game. I’m not the gambling type. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 03:35:53
No, you haven't misunderstood anything from what you wrote, but you might be missing some important information.
1. Changing from the reward being made mostly of new issuance of coins over towards fees is a slow process, not a sudden event.  This is because of the halving event every 210000 blocks (approximately 4 years).  At first, 50BTC were issued each block; this halved to 25BTC, then again to 12.5 BTC.  It will halve again some time around mid-2020 to 6.25BTC.  If you carry this forward, even if fees stay static (which they probably won't due to pressure changes brought on by other technology changes) you can see that they slowly approach, then equal, then become more than the new coin issuance.  This slow process helps the economic market adjust to the changing landscape.  In the basic case, this adjustment is simply by the lower issuance and unchanged demand pushing prices up to the point that miners earn around the same from each block from the same number of satoshis per byte in fees and half the previous new issuance; since the new issuance difference becomes less impactful to that equation over time, the fees naturally become the more meaningful part and should balance to fit the market use/needs.
2. Scaling for all user transactions on-chain isn't really reasonable.  Therefore at some point in the future, you won't be paying these fees directly when performing normal day-to-day transactions.  Instead they'll be hidden away as aggregated costs that get shared by many people during settlement transactions of one or more higher layer payment systems (e.g. Lightning Network).  So while there'll still be fees for transactions, the actual on-chain fee that is paid per transaction isn't something that a typical user will need to pay a lot of attention to.
(It could be that I suck at ELI5; but my 7 year old daughter is okay with this explanation)
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:16:00
Firefly quote?
But actually no.  I always did exceedingly well in high-school, but I kind of 'accidentally' skipped the whole higher education thing because of how it all panned out.  Not complaining though; I seem to be doing okay without it and I do spend a lot of free time (less these days with kids) in online courses that take my interest.  Mostly neuroscience and chemistry these days, but I go through phases, so there were periods where historical linguistics, astrophysics, quantum physics, and a few others really held my attention.
@_date: 2019-07-20 17:43:56
Good luck with that.  I'll be doing what I've been doing for around two years now: keeping all my liquid currency in Bitcoin and not holding any fiat.
Trading my Bitcoin for fiat and then back again later *could* net me more if I'm able to time it right, but I don't believe I'm able to know that and I don't believe you are either.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:57:37
"The Bitcoin protocol" in this context is the protocol that is accepted by the vast majority of nodes on the network.  It has changed in the past and it will change in the future, but it does so by consensus of the users choosing to run code with that behaviour, not by it being checked in to the core client's codebase.
@_date: 2018-09-08 06:33:56
Or we could realise it and just not care because it has no relevance to our interest in bitcoin...
@_date: 2018-09-19 09:54:34
You fundamentally misunderstand the Lightning Network.
If it were necessary to open a channel between all parties individually, why would it be called a network? As long as there are channels open that form a chain between you and the other party (and those channels are sufficiently funded), payments can be made without opening new channels. 
Also, the intended operation once mature is that channel management will be entirely handled by the software for regular users. They won’t know or care whether existing channels are used or whether new ones get opened. It’s not that mature yet, but it is alpha software, so it’s unreasonable to expect a great user experience at this stage. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 14:01:21
So, just to get a picture in my head, should I imagine something like merging an online bank with something like bitcoin.de in to a single platform?
I'm currently a customer of Fidor Bank because of their direct bitcoin.de integration, which makes things extraordinarily easy, but it's still two distinct platforms and not as seamless as I'd like it to be.
Currently my process is:
1. I get paid in Euro to my Fidor account
2. I log in to bitcoin.de
3. I "reserve" some of my bank account for a purchase (only some since I have euro based automatic payments that I leave some in my account for; if and when I can pay those in BTC, I'll leave zero euro in there)
4. I purchase BTC from someone selling using the "Express Trade" function
5. I transfer some BTC to my cold wallet
6. I transfer the remainder of the BTC to my hot wallet for daily use
In the near future, this might change a little, since I am negotiating with my employer to be paid in BTC directly.  The process would then be:
1. I get paid in BTC to my hot wallet
2. I transfer some of it to bitcoin.de
3. I transfer some of it to my cold wallet
4. I log in to bitcoin.de
5. I sell BTC to someone using the "Express Trade" function to get euro in to my Fidor account to cover my automatic payments
In the hypothetical further future where I can replace those automatic euro payments with BTC payments, I'd remove steps 2, 4 and 5, but I can't imagine that happening in the near future unfortunately.
If your service can simplify or otherwise improve this process (either the "paid in euro" or "paid in BTC" variants) for me, I'm definitely very interested.  The whole process only takes around 20 minutes of my time at the moment, but it's still more time than I want to be spending on it and it's costing me more than I'd like in terms of fees and less-than-ideal exchange rates.
@_date: 2018-09-24 10:52:16
I enjoyed the "fluff" in the post.
I have no interest in the service they're offering, but I thought the stuff about Ghengis Khan and the "sorry :(" were good light humour alongside the information.
If you feel like re-living your country's most famous legacy, feel free to start with redditors that have no sense of humour ;)
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:20:08


Yes... this:


If you think you can do it, good luck to you; but ***many*** have thought the same thing and been hurt hard by it.
I've got the capital that I certainly could try it, but I don't because I know I'd probably screw something up at some point and end up losing out.  Even if you never sell at a loss, there'll be some point where you sell, expecting a drop that never comes and have to buy back in at a higher price.  Just that potential loss can easily wipe out any gains you made in the past.
@_date: 2018-09-26 14:49:03
A committee... of *everyone who uses it*.  If you're going to stretch the word 'government' to that extreme, it loses all valid meaning.
@_date: 2018-09-24 10:39:29


The Ledger Nano S does have a screen, and two buttons for control.  Things like seed words are entered using these buttons (slow and a little uncomfortable to do so, but hopefully that shouldn't be a daily operation).  At no point is the private key exposed to a computer that the Ledger happens to be connected to.
@_date: 2019-07-10 12:27:29
I can certainly understand and respect that as well.
@_date: 2018-09-07 12:19:57
Ummm... no.  I work in a company whose primary business is bitcoin-related and believe me that we *very* carefully examine every change to the client (as with any other 3rd party code) and discuss what impact it might have before we go ahead and deploy it in our infrastructure.
If anyone hijacked the core client and tried to do "bad things", there's no way any significant number of serious businesses in this industry would run it (and those that did would be likely be criminally liable to their shareholders/investors/whatever depending on local business regulations).
This applies even more so for miners than other businesses since the client is such a critical part of the infrastructure that has a **fuckton** of money riding on it. (note that here I mean businesses that mine... home users with an antminer or two connected to a pool may not pay that much attention; but in that scenario it's actually the pool that needs to and not the person running the hardware)
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:02:22
It was still pretty easy to mine in 2010... speaking from experience.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:01:52
Agreed. However you can tweak it a bit if you want to be more network friendly. My node won’t relay 0 fee transactions that have a value under 500 satoshi to any one output in order to avoid true spam. I will however relay any transactions where all outputs are &gt;500sat OR have a fee of at least 1sat/b since those seem to me to be at least potentially honest. I’m likely to tweak that 500sat figure downwards in the future. 
@_date: 2018-09-03 14:57:09
Thankfully no. I have integrity! 
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:02:06
You can look at his post history to see who he is - and that he's telling the truth about spending a hell of a lot of effort writing helpful and informative replies to people.
As for who gilded him - no idea, wasn't me, but I definitely don't think it's unwarranted.
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:22:58
It's all a matter of how you view it.
I live in the euro zone, so my nominal fiat currency is the euro.  You live in Canada, so your nominal fiat currency is the Canadian dollar.  Just to your south, there's a bunch of people using the US dollar.
Each of these currencies has a value that can be expressed in the other currencies.  In their own currency though, the value is always the same.  That is, one Canadian dollar is always equal to one Canadian dollar, no matter what it's trading at in relation to other currencies.
Bitcoin is just another currency.  So 1 BTC always equals 1 BTC regardless of the trading value to other currencies.  Let's imagine for a moment that all of a sudden, the US dollar goes in to hyperinflation.  In terms of BTC, suddenly we'd see that you can get millions of dollars for each BTC.  It would look like it was skyrocketing.  When looking at it in Canadian dollars or Euro though, it might appear stable (assuming the CAD and EUR survived whatever it was that caused the hyperinflation in the US).
So, when you say, "*if there is a crash tomorrow, how are the people going to save the money they have left?*", I have to say that I really can't answer your question because I don't know what "money" you're talking about.  Right now, 1 BTC trades for around €11250.  If tomorrow that were €5000 because of some kind of massive market fear or so on, it wouldn't affect the amount of BTC I hold at all.  Each 1 BTC that I own would still be worth exactly 1 BTC.  It's true that I wouldn't get less than half the number of euro for them if I were to exchange them back to euro, but since I have no plan to do that anyway, it really doesn't bother me one way or the other.
Even if you don't believe in the long term viability of bitcoin, chances are you're considering buying it because you see the current long term trend is up, and intend to sell it one day for more Canadian dollars than you bought it for.  If this is the case, then should the exchange rate go in a direction you don't like, the answer is simply not to sell.  Continue to hodl (bitcoin slang for "hold") your bitcoin until such time as it goes up again to an exchange rate that makes you happy to cash out at a profit.
Basically, until you sell it for less than you bought it for, you haven't lost anything, no matter what today's exchange rate looks like.
@_date: 2018-09-10 05:22:05


You don't, which is why trading is often called *gambling* by a lot of people.
@_date: 2018-09-04 11:12:22
They should probably be light-green.  I'd consider the high-seas and Antarctica to be places where it's alegal.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:41:19
It's bitcoin as long as it continues to follow the bitcoin protocol.  The developers that contribute to the Bitcoin Core client are the custodians of the code, not the rulers of the protocol.  I'd argue - and I think most would agree with me - that if they made breaking changes in a version that the vast majority disagreed with, then their new version would no longer be bitcoin.  Any client that does follow the protocol is a bitcoin client.
There is already more than one bitcoin client that all use the bitcoin network.  Forks of the code are not the same as forks of the network.  If I fork the core client tomorrow and don't make breaking changes (for example, I slap a new wallet UI on top because I don't like the existing one) it's still very much a bitcoin client and is still on the bitcoin network.  If however I were to change any of the protocol rules (for example, changing the proof of work or coin issuance rules) then my client would no longer be accepted by the network and would no longer be a bitcoin client.
@_date: 2018-09-14 11:08:07
No they (probably) didn't.  They (probably) pressed it.
It's a 3D effect, but that doesn't require a 3D printer.
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:11:09
Ok. I could be wrong. Seems a waste of 3D printing though since it’s much easier via other means. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:57:21
Not with any kind of accuracy.  There's no simple way to tell what was "bought" with fiat vs traded for goods/services vs simply moved around from one address to another by a single individual.
For example: Earlier this year, I moved around 25 BTC from one wallet to another (for consolidation purposes as well as getting it on to segwit to reduce fees when I do want to do something with it again in the future).  There's no way to easily tell that that is what happened though from looking at the transaction data.  All you see is that inputs on many smaller addresses got moved to a single output of around 25 BTC on one address and you could easily misinterpret that as being a 25BTC sale/purchase.
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:49:29
My login worked, and I filled out the web form (which asked for way more details than most people are likely to remember). Upon submitting the form there was no UI feedback to really tell me that it went through though other than not letting me do it again. Also no email confirmation. So, “maybe” I succeeded in putting my claim in, I don’t really know. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:45:45
I'm very aware of the NBOMe series and the dangers it poses.  However, I also already ruled it out in the first sentence of my reply.  NBOMe compounds are phenethylamines and so won't indicate the presence of an indole ring when using a Ehrlich reagent test.
@_date: 2017-12-16 15:21:45
Nah, I smile a lot. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:29:21
Which is why all of this complexity will be hidden away by software that takes care of it for you.
In exactly the same way as you don't need to think about your email encoding methods, image compression algorithms, routing protocols, or DNS lookups when you send your grandmother a cute cat picture via email.
@_date: 2018-09-01 05:11:09
I don't see any reason that those places wouldn't still have satellite access though.  Expensive and slow, but nevertheless possible.
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:59:52


Not really.  It gets in to philosophy a bit, but without going too deep in to it: at some point you have to ask yourself what you actually want in life.  I want happiness.  My goal is to have as much net happiness as possible (which implies living as long as possible, as happily as possible).
Investments are those things that I am using as a way to have greater happiness in the future for somewhat less happiness now.  My investments are mostly pretty traditional like stocks and physical assets.  The majority of my money goes on either reducing unhappiness (e.g. paying rent to live in a house instead of sleeping in my car; educating my children; improving my society; etc) or increasing happiness (e.g. going to the fun park with my kids; taking drugs; travelling the world; etc).


That seems like a rather bad idea to me.  Fiat currencies are inflationary, meaning they're pretty much guaranteed to lose value over time.  I'd rather spend $100 now than hold on to it for 10 years and spend it then, since it's going to produce less happiness 10 years from now than it does now.  If I feel that I might need it in the future, I'll instead put it in to a good investment so that it will be worth more when I need it rather than less.
Just to be clear: I do have and use bitcoin.  Bitcoin is my money and I use it as money.  I do this because I feel it is a better form of money than fiat currencies.  However I don't view it as an investment because I'm not holding on to it in the expectation that it will be provide greater happiness in the future than it could right now.  I expect it probably will, but so will the things that I actually have as investments.  Any additional I happen to get from bitcoin that I haven't put in to investments is just a "bonus" that I'm happy to get and wasn't the intention of having it.
@_date: 2018-09-03 12:48:05
I actually consider zero to be an impossibility unless a technical flaw is discovered in the core protocol/concept. Simply because I personally am always willing to buy more and I’m pretty sure I’m not the only one. So even though it could go **very** low, there’ll always be a nonzero value for it as long as I and at least one other person like me wants it. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 12:43:46
Probably not quite as easy for most people in Germany as it is for me... and it's honestly not easy for me.
I just finished writing [this reply]( which explains some of it.
Largely, I find that if you explain bitcoin properly to people here, they're quite open to it.  Precisely *because* it's such a cash-centric land.  People like cash because they aren't going through a middleman.  If you explain properly how bitcoin is more like cash than a bank account/credit card, people tend to be quite receptive to it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 19:17:53


Can you clarify what you mean by this?  I don't see any way that governments can significantly control or end the use of cryptocurrencies excluding extreme totalitarian measures that are essentially in the realm of fantasy.
Even if every world government were to declare bitcoin illegal tomorrow, it wouldn't stop me being able to send or receive it.  It'd probably tank the fiat exchange value (it'd reduce the market size to only those that are comfortable using an illegal currency) but fiat exchange value is far from the most interesting or meaningful thing about bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-10 10:36:01
No one **knows** what will happen. There may or may not be strategies that are effective in predicting certain behaviour, but those will necessarily change over time and be influenced by a large number of factors that are outside of not only your control but also your ability to oversee. 
So, I stand by my statement that you don’t know. 
Also, why do you assume hodling is the only alternative? I’m not here to “make money”, I’m here because I care very much about how Bitcoin can disrupt the wrongs I see in how money is used as a tool of oppression and control. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 10:59:31
I'm not familiar with the details of marriage laws in the US (and especially not at the state level); however my initial reaction is that this sounds very wrong to me.
If it turns out it really is true, then my reaction instead becomes one of thinking that the US is an incredibly fucked up place with insane laws that no reasonable person should abide.
@_date: 2018-09-18 13:10:58
While I'll agree that there is no "true altruism" in the world when you take the definition to the extreme, I don't think that the rest of your statements are necessarily congruent with that argument.
There are many reasons to do things other than the accumulation of money.  I left my last job and got a new one because:
*  I wanted more time with my family, especially my two kids who I was missing out on a lot of major life events due to my work travel.
* I wanted to do something more meaningful for the world.
* I wanted to move out of the city we were in.
Note that none of these have anything to do with money.  Even if the new job paid me less, but still enough to live on and provide for my family, I'd have taken it for these benefits alone.
I'd rather be happy than rich.
@_date: 2018-09-03 14:05:40
Sorry... not really allowed to say.  We "fly under the radar" on purpose.
@_date: 2018-08-14 04:36:54
If you actually look at any of his posts/discussions from the past, he wasn't really all that hung up on an unwavering and unchanging "vision" for Bitcoin.  He knew it could and should evolve over time.
If he were active today, I can't imagine him reacting with anything but  a groan and an eyeroll to people talking about his "vision".
@_date: 2018-09-04 09:37:37
Mich interessiert Lightning, weil der Stresstest hat nichts gezeigt außer dass eine zentralisierte Shitcoin den Blockchain grundlos vergrößern kann.
But really, since most people here can't read German, might it not be more polite to write in English?
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:09:49
Stop thinking in dollar terms and instead think in percentage terms. 
Going from $1 to $2 per BTC is identical to $10000 to $20000. And the 10 cent swing during the former is the same as a $1000 swing during the latter. 
The actual volatility of Bitcoin has been decreasing over time as adoption increases despite the numbers looking bigger. 
If you have a hard time with it psychologically even though you get it logically, try forgetting about the BTC unit entirely and start looking at everything in microBTC. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:14:49
Wow, that is seriously screwed up.  :(
@_date: 2018-09-06 04:28:37


If you can name a single one that doesn't have a significant negative side (technologically) when compared to BTC (e.g. trading off security or decentralisation in favour of transactions per second as many do), I'll eat my hat.
@_date: 2018-09-26 14:33:19
Yes, it's money.  I use it as money.  I buy things with it.
Acquiring more money is something I do via other means (working, investments, etc) and not something I expect my money to do for me.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:33:31
The problem is that you're equating informed opinions that people can - and do - back up with evidence with your own uninformed opinion.  Not all opinions are equal, no matter what the overly politically correct crowd insist.
A 51% attack is a real thing and a risk (thankfully one that seems very low right now; but is a very real reason that we insist on maintaining strong decentralisation).  However it has nothing to do with "being able to mine a coin" which is what you were talking about with your "51% majority Block" comment.  If you think it does mean something, then please *explain* what it means so that other people actually have a chance to either learn from you or present a clear rebuttal.  If you don't make a clear point, how can anyone be expected to actually engage in discussion with you?
@_date: 2018-09-04 08:03:54
I think both serve a purpose depending on what you need the info for. 
I personally find eurbtc most useful since I spend BTC on things priced in EUR. However people that treat it as an investment rather than a currency are probably going to find btceur (or btcusd) more useful since it’s the fiat value they care most about. 
I disagree with them, but it’s not my place to tell someone else what to think. 
@_date: 2018-08-09 05:03:05
You seem to misunderstand what socialism is about.
I am a socialist.  I still strongly believe in all things that make bitcoin great and agree completely with the apparent reasons Satoshi created it.
* Bitcoin requires no trust in a central "leader".
* Banks should not have been bailed out.
* Neither corporations, nor governments, nor individuals can be trusted to have anyone's best interests at heart but their own and our default position should be suspicion, not trust.
* Money that can be printed at will can be devalued at will and is effectively nothing but an insidious form of control.
None of these statements make me any less a socialist.
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:06:11
That's not what I was saying at all.
I was saying that doing so isn't going to give you significantly useful insight in to the future behaviour of the market that the chart represents.  What proportion of people do so or not isn't a topic I even tried to broach (or care about).
@_date: 2018-08-28 08:56:20
Groceries yes; although sadly it got a little more difficult recently when Edeka (big German supermarket) stopped accepting it for online orders (they never accepted it in store, but did online which was extremely practical).  Now most of my grocery purchases are with much smaller "mom and pop" groceries stores that do accept it (many of whom I've convinced to accept it).  I tend to live on like products as far as food goes, and Jimmy Joy (a European brand) accepts bitcoin for orders.
Gas has unfortunately always been a bad point.  For that, I have no way to pay with BTC directly.  Fortunately though, I still don't actually need to hold fiat for it.  Instead, I pay with a credit card that I then pay off using BTC.  I use this credit card whereever I can't pay with BTC directly and do have the option of credit card usage (e.g. I moved house recently, and bought a lot of new furniture at Ikea... Ikea don't accept BTC).
My new landlord also accepts it for rent, which is another major expense covered.
@_date: 2018-09-13 16:43:17
Why do you think they won’t make as much money?
As supply decreases and demand either remains level or increases, both absolute value as well as (likely) relative value in fees for transactions will also increase.  This should offset the decrease in supply. 
Even if it doesn’t though, it just means fewer miners, since they’ll form a natural equilibrium with profit potential at current value (which has been demonstrated time and again already in bitcoin). 
@_date: 2018-09-19 14:45:05
Probably. I’m an Australian citizen (amongst others), so it wasn’t a problem for me. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:50:10
All I can honestly say to that is: “good luck, you’ll need it”. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 16:02:02
Beanie babies are:
* Centrally controlled/supplied (and therefore potentially unlimited)
* Indivisible
* Not globally verifiable
* Easy to produce replicas/fakes
* Not fungible
* Unable to be used in automated systems
* Difficult to transfer
* Not accepted as a unit of exchange anywhere that I'm aware of
As in: pretty much every major aspect that makes Bitcoin interesting is not true of beanie babies.
@_date: 2018-08-14 05:31:09
Yeah.  My assumption is that he was expecting there to be enough of these "very large server farms" that it would still remain sufficiently decentralised.  That probably would have been the case if it weren't for the rise of ASICs and cloud providers, as I could imagine there currently being at least ten to twenty million companies worldwide (if not significantly more) with sufficient own data-centre capacity.  However that number is decreasing because of cloud providers, and is all made irrelevant anyway by ASICs.
It's now an absolute necessity that non-mining nodes exist as broadly distributed as possible to avoid centralisation issues, but at the time he wrote those things, he couldn't possibly have known that.
It's also entirely possible he'd disagree with us on that, in which case I'd be totally with you on "fuck him".  I just don't think it's anywhere near certain that he wouldn't have revised these statements given the changes we've seen over these past few years.
@_date: 2018-08-17 07:48:26
Why?  I've never had a problem with mine and I don't know of any outstanding security concerns with them.
At this stage, I think Ledger or Trezor is just a matter of preference more than anything.
@_date: 2015-06-19 22:03:48
I only seem to get bad gas on it when I switch to/from regular food or eat a mix.
As long as I stay on 100% Joylent with nothing else, it's fine.  Within 10 minutes of eating something else substantial though, I'll begin feeling the gas building up.
On the rare occasions I completely switch back to regular food for a short while (e.g. business trips away from home), the first day is terrible for gas, the second is getting better, and by the third, I'm 'normal' again.  Switching back to Joylent, it only takes one day for the gas to disappear.
When I very first switched to Joylent completely however, it did take a lot longer - maybe 2 to 3 weeks.  I assume this was my gut bacteria adjusting to a radically different intake profile.
@_date: 2018-08-21 08:15:11
Freedom. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 12:02:31
I pay bills with it... because I don't hold any fiat.
@_date: 2018-08-24 04:05:00
Scams are bad, but you should be careful of the wording in your title.
In Hannover, Germany, the local utilities company (Enercity) accepts bitcoin and has done so for years.  Paying for your electricity there with bitcoin is perfectly safe.
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:28:58


Absolutely.  The miners are free to include any transaction they wish.  If there are two transactions broadcast to the network that are trying to spend the same output, the miners are free to pick whichever one they want.  Some miners may pick the first they see, others may pick the one with the highest profit (which really makes the most economic sense).
@_date: 2018-08-10 09:10:32


It is true.  It accurately represents the past behaviour.


That doesn't follow.  That's an extrapolation of the data to make a prediction.  Not necessarily a bad one, but not necessarily a good one either.  Regardless, you're reading more in to the chart than it really shows.
@_date: 2018-08-30 08:13:05


Technically it never is.  The only thing you see in a transaction on the blockchain is that one or more UTXOs were correctly signed, transmitting their value to one or more other UTXOs.  The ownership of those outputs is never defined anywhere and may even be "unowned" (e.g. burn addresses).  Until someone proves they own it by using the private key that is associated with the output, there is evidence of any ownership.
It's true that LN doesn't broadcast every transaction to the network, but it doesn't have to for it to be a valid transaction.  That's kind of the point of it.  A valid transaction exists which ***can*** be broadcast to the network, which gives the recipient of the transaction as much claim to say they own the coins as a transaction that has been broadcast on-chain.
@_date: 2018-08-27 04:15:05
A "once in a lifetime" event that has happened several times already in bitcoin's history?
Ignore the dollar values since they're made up (they look different whether you're talking BTC, mBTC, satoshis, whatever).  Instead look at the percentage changes.  That kind of run and crash has happened many times already and will almost certainly happen again.
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:30:21
Pretty high?  You can get a million units of it for under $150.  It's still dirt cheap.
@_date: 2018-08-28 06:49:35
“Selling” at zero would get you precisely nothing. That’s my point. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 05:13:17
Oh absolutely there are places he was flat out wrong.  I think though that he would likely have changed his mind on things over time as he saw the evolution of the system play out.
I also actually think that very-long-term, he's still sort of right in that post.  Perhaps not to the scale of "only very large server farms", but I don't think every user should/will run a node.  I run one and hope to be able to continue to always do so, but once we've got effective second layer (and beyond) technologies and have optimised the hell out of the transactions themselves to squeeze as much as we can in to a block, then it will be time to start talking about block size increases for further scaling (which will be significant with only small increases due to the additional layers and optimisations).  At some point, it will be unrealistic and impractical for many users to run a full node.
This is especially true given the trend away from powerful home computers in favour of more "edge-like" devices amongst people who don't have a deep interest in technology.  I know plenty of people now who have effectively stopped using home computers in favour of smartphones, tablets, and game consoles.
It's also worth noting that at the time of that post, "node" was synonymous with "miner" (as he said, "only do transactions and don't generate").  The concept of a non-mining full node wasn't really clear in his mind at that point, so any ideas he had for the future didn't necessarily include them.  As they began to exist, it's likely that the picture in his head would have changed to accommodate them.
@_date: 2018-08-06 05:54:58
I think there are those who dislike it because they believe things about it that aren't true (mostly from sensationalist headlines).  Some examples (again, please note that these are all untrue):
* Bitcoin mining will be catastrophic for the environment
* Bitcoin enables anonymous criminal activity
* Bitcoin is a ponzi scheme that sucks in innocent people and makes them lose a lot of money
* Bitcoin funds drugs cartels more than anything else
* Bitcoin is itself illegal and using it could get you in serious trouble
If someone believes one or more of these things, they may feel that it is their duty to stop others from getting involved with it on the grounds of helping either that person directly, or society as a whole.
The correct response when someone expresses a strong dislike of bitcoin is to really find out why.  If it's due to a misconception, that's something that can potentially be cleared up.
@_date: 2018-08-15 16:33:19
I have somewhere around $30 USD left over from my last trip there.
I shall not however disclose my BTC or EUR holdings (that said, my EUR value is quite low as well... I see no good reason to hold large amounts of fiat of any kind). 
@_date: 2018-08-28 08:43:30
Why?  The financial value of 1BTC in relation to a loaf of bread over the long term is unknown.  The value of 1 USD or 1 EUR compared to a loaf of bread is absolutely guaranteed to decrease, since they're designed as inflationary.
So, from a value perspective, "don't know" is clearly better than "will definitely get worse".
@_date: 2018-08-24 04:24:58
One example for this case could be the opening of many channels (yours and a bunch of others) in a single on-chain transaction, so you share the on-chain fee with a bunch of other people.
Of course, if you hold any reasonable amount of bitcoin right now and the fees do reach that level due to value increase, then the amount you hold right now will also mean you're filthy rich and won't mind too much about that one-time high fee!
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:41:45


Which orifice did you pull this estimate from?
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:04:30
If they can identify the traffic, they can block it.
Fortunately, there's essentially no way to identify traffic going through a tunnel, so simply creating a VPN to an ISP that maintains net neutrality (e.g. one in a country that enforces it) means they can't 'prioritise' your traffic anymore.
They could of course block VPN tunnels, but that would be getting very over-authoritarian and most large companies would throw up too many complaints since VPN is a standard tool in a modern company's IT infrastructure.
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:30:28
Completely true, however as you were asking about the hypothetical situation that we don't have fiat currency, I was working in that framework.  In that situation, bitcoin is the most sensible choice for daily currency and it would be adopted by employers and shops pretty much everywhere.
It's actually more reasonable viewed the other way around: fiat currency won't disappear until it no longer serves a purpose because it has been replaced by better alternatives.
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:49:46
All I can say for sure is that it's not me.
@_date: 2018-08-01 19:48:38


Not even then... you can relay bitcoin traffic without internet.  Sure, it'll be horribly fragmented and full of temporary chain forks until you establish a good and commonly agreed method for communication, but there's nothing about bitcoin that actually specifically *requires* the internet.
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:34:51
Probably the same reason I've got a bitcoin sticker on my Ford Focus.  If I'd bought a lambo instead, I would have much less BTC than I do having only bought a Focus.
@_date: 2018-08-28 06:28:44
In that hypothetical, why would they “sell” at zero rather than just holding/ignoring it?
As is, I’m doing exactly what I’ve been doing for a year or so now: exchanging all my fiat for bitcoin the moment my pay comes in (once a month; should be in the next couple of days), and not giving a crap what the exchange rate looks like when doing it. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:09:13
I think the "hidden score" thing is something on the subreddit for posts under a certain age or so.  It's definitely generic though and not something specific to my posts! (for example, your reply here appears as "score hidden" to me right now)
@_date: 2018-08-08 12:56:55
Not angry, just don't care about the bullshit you're spouting.
I have no interest in how much USD you bought with your bitcoin, just as you probably don't care what I bought for lunch today with my bitcoin.
You need to realise that not everyone is here with the idea of increasing their fiat currency holdings.  Many of us are here because we are interested in the social implications of a truly sovereign digital currency and the technology that enables it.
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:40:21
No problem.  I'd be interested to hear what they come back with.  If you don't mind either answering here or via private message when they do give you an answer, I'd really appreciate it.
^((Ik spreek ook genoeg Nederlands, so if you asked in Dutch and they also answer in Dutch, no translation is necessary ����������������))
@_date: 2018-08-30 08:31:04
Yes, that understanding is correct.
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:25:43
Bitcoin is a practical gift.  It is money.  It is not a stock or municipal bond.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:21:04
Yes, but pseudonymous.  If I were to point out all of my transactions, that'd remove that aspect.
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:51:48
The good thing about reality, is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.
Bitcoin is nothing like beanie babies, and if you think that comparison is apt in *any* way, shape, or form then you also don't really have any business even *believing* in it.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:28:34


I totally agree.  I don't make an "investment" in BTC either.  I consider it too risky for that.  My investments are mostly in stable companies/businesses that I see potential for continued growth.
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:48:39
I have life insurance, private medical insurance, and a government mandated retirement fund. Plus enough diverse investments that if I sold them all now, I could probably retire tomorrow (I’d rather leave a nice nest egg for my two kids though). So, I’m not too worried about that. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 06:30:14
No. That’s not how validity works. 
Any number is an invalid estimate in the absence of evidence to back that estimate up. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 08:03:32
You have a strange idea of "up for grabs".  Yes, if I run software that lets me claim those "anyonecanspend" coins as being my own, then my software will recognise that as being the case.  However, why stop there?  I could modify the bitcoin source code to let me take ANY transactions and give them to myself.
The point is that since the entire rest of the network will reject what I've done in either case, it's simply *not bitcoin* at that point.  There is no practical way running *any version of any software* for a miner to claim SegWit transactions for themselves in a way that would be recognised by anyone other than themselves.
@_date: 2018-08-02 10:39:28
If you only include fiat&lt;&gt;BTC exchanges, then I have no idea.  Probably somewhere a bit under $500, but I don't actually track it.
If you include BTC purchases for the dollar value of the item being purchased as "selling" my BTC, then significantly in the negatives (that is, I've pulled significantly more fiat value out than I ever put in).
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:56:10
I’m well aware that for many people the benefits are low and the complexity is high. For those people, I don’t suggest doing what I do. It just happens that where I live, it’s *very* easy (less steps/complexity than most other payment systems outside of cash) and for me, the benefits are tangible. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 17:39:18
I’ve been there a lot with my last job. Mostly Windsor CT, but also Ramsey NJ, Austin TX, Phoenix AZ, and San Francisco CA. 
A few other one offs as well like NYC, Seattle and more but it all kind of blends together when you spend 75% of your life in hotels instead of at home (which is why I quit when I found something else). 
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:53:54
Happy to participate, but how about offering $10 worth of bitcoin instead? 
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:16:31


Why do you think this is the case?
With traditional money, it can be created, destroyed, and have transfers preferentially blocked/delayed/prioritised/etc.  This is how money is "controlled" with fiat.
With Bitcoin, this isn't possible.  No matter how much bitcoin one person owns, they have no more ability to change the rules of the system than you do.  Yes, they're richer than you, but that's life.  Bitcoin was never designed to even-out the distribution of money amongst people or anything like that.  What it was designed for - and does very well - is ensure that there are no individuals who can unilaterally make decisions about what you do with your money or the rules of the monetary system as a whole.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:24:17


Do you have anything to show me that SeriousCoins have any properties that make them valuable?


Ah, well in that case, I'm not really interested.  Investment in cryptocurrency isn't my thing at all.  Using it is.


It works well for me, so without backing this statement up, my "no it isn't" has equal weight to your statement.


I disagree.  ^(See how useful this is without evidence?)


It may do, but that doesn't really interest me.
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:33:09
If I knew what "optimal times" were, I'd be a trader.
I know that trading is not for me, so I steer well clear of it.  I'd be a poor man many times over if I tried that crap.
@_date: 2018-05-02 08:02:44
Every situation you describe where systems "go down" and "have problems" are centralised systems.  The very concept of a decentralised system reduces this to the point that if it were to go down, it would mean so much of the critical infrastructure the world relies on would be down that it's hardly worth worrying about being able to access a sports game!
I agree that mobile phone wallets are an issue with battery life and so on, but they're certainly not the only way that bitcoin can be spent.  I fully expect "smart cards" with a payment layer (probably not lightning because of its routing technology concept; but potentially a 3rd layer on top of lightning, if not a second layer along side it) to become a common bitcoin payment method in the future.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:40:53


To a limited extent, yes.  However I don't believe this is a bad thing for the economy.  There are other (and better) ways to run an economy than a complex version of the broken window fallacy.
It's not only needs that people would fulfil, but also wants that are significant enough to outweigh the increase of wealth over time.  The only types of spending that would be limited are lesser wants, which tend to be those that are ultimately damaging to the economy and people overall.
@_date: 2018-08-31 04:36:07
[Thuisbezorgd.nl]( is the same group as [Lieferando.de]( \- the parent company is [takeaway.com]( 
I've had an email discussion with them (Lieferando, who forwarded it up to the parent company) in the past already about this.  They essentially said that not a lot of people complain about it, so they don't see a big reason to change.  My recommendation therefore: complain!  Tell them that bitpay is causing their customers unnecessary problems by using a payment system that isn't widely used in the bitcoin world and also (don't know if you noticed or not) tacking on huge extra fees that are totally unnecessary.
If enough people complain, they're open to the idea of using a different bitcoin payment processor.  They just don't see a need right now because most people seem to be okay with it as far as they can tell.
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:30:52
This is a weird thing here in Germany.  Many people have cards which they call "credit cards" (and are indeed Mastercard, Visa, etc) but are in fact cash cards.  When trying to explain the concept of an actual credit card to them, they just totally fail to understand it. 
I have a credit card with very good conditions from when I lived in Australia (and I can pay it off in BTC using LivingRoomOfSatoshi), so I've never bothered actually looking to find a real credit card here, but if they do exist, they're few and far between.
@_date: 2018-08-10 09:05:18


I can prove that statement wrong immediately.
1. I still want bitcoin
2. I am someone
Conclusion: By the law of noncontradiction, "no one wants bitcoin anymore" can not be true.
To refute this, you must prove either of my two premises false.  Good luck with that.
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:09:15
Other than that it's actually EUR rather than USD, most of your post is correct.  I don't really think it's a significant gamble though because the time between earning and spending tends to be low, making the volatility quite irrelevant as a percentage of the total amount.
There are only two parts I'd disagree with:


I fully expect a time in the future where prices will be denominated in BTC directly.  Perhaps not my lifetime, but within that of my kids (which is why they own 1BTC each, as a gift from me on the day they were born).  Sooner would be nicer, but I can wait.


I completely disagree.  I find BTC much easier to use than euro.  It cuts out the middleman completely (similar to cash, but I can transact it remotely, unlike cash).
It's also important not to confuse the payment system with the currency.  Credit cards that spend USD are spending the same currency as a cash purchase in USD, just over a different payment system.  Credit card payment systems require clearing time, have middle-men, but can be done remotely.  Cash payment requires no clearing time, is peer to peer, but can only be done locally.  Just as USD, EUR, and other fiat currencies can have many payment systems for transacting them, this is also true of bitcoin.  You shouldn't just assume on-chain ledger entries with block confirmation are the only way that bitcoin can be transacted.
@_date: 2018-08-03 07:53:15


Justify this statement.
$20 is absolutely not something I'm personally willing to pay for anything less than a transfer of around $1000; but if that on-chain transaction were to actually be the opening of multiple lightning channels for multiple users, where a total of $500k equivalent is going to be transferred around before the channels are eventually closed again, then I really don't care if the fee for that transaction is a hundred times that high.
@_date: 2018-08-15 17:27:27
@_date: 2018-08-31 13:06:51
Bitmain doesn't have 51% mining power.
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:40:10
Lesson of the day: Banks suck.
Although it can be difficult at first, migrating away from fiat and in to bitcoin is something well worth doing to avoid this kind of crap in the future.  The more of us that do it, the easier it will get, as businesses and individuals become more likely to accept and pay in bitcoin directly.
@_date: 2018-08-28 06:35:56
The free use of money that can not have its supply controlled, transactions blocked or reversed, and is provably mine. 
Bitcoin isn’t a way to “make more money”, Bitcoin *is money*, and a far superior form of it to any existing fiat system. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:41:43
I use bitcoin more often than I use fiat currency.
It's true I can't use it for everything yet, but just because your circumstances are such that you can't use it much, doesn't mean everyone's are like that.
As for paying rent, have you tried asking your landlord?  I did, and from that month on, he accepted it.
Gas is one of the last major expenses I have where I have to pay in fiat, so for that I use a credit card which is then paid off from bitcoin, so that I don't need to hold additional fiat reserves.  Not as good as paying bitcoin directly, but better than having to hold that much fiat in reserve just for one type of purchase.
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:08:10
That estimate was using LocalBitcoins which is really a pretty terrible way to buy/sell.
I don't know the Canadian bitcoin market unfortunately, so I don't know what the best way to exchange CAD to BTC is, but once the BTC is in Europe, then exchanging out to euro is possible via a relatively large number of exchanges with zero or near zero fees and no significant buy/sell spreads most of the time (personally I use bitcoin.de for convenience reasons, but it's actually not the most economical choice; Kraken is still pretty good from an economic perspective and easy enough to use once you've gone through the KYC hurdles).
That said, also depending on where in Europe you are, the need to exchange BTC back to euro is getting less and less.  Direct usage of BTC continues to grow.
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:31:48
But I was told that quitters never win and winners never quit... so I decided to never quit drugs.
@_date: 2018-05-06 17:10:26
What's the difference between spending $5k worth of bitcoin now and spending $5k worth of dollars?  If I *hadn't* spent that $5k dollars on that something, I could have bought bitcoin with it, which would be worth $100k at that theoretical point in the future you're talking about.  Either way, I lost the opportunity for that bitcoin gain in favour of getting something I needed/wanted.
It's **exactly the same damned thing**.
The only difference is that I hold my spare value in bitcoin rather than fiat because:
a) It will probably increase in value over time.  
b) It's an uncensorable form of money, which is a problem I recently had with fiat that pissed me off quite a lot (being told you're not allowed to spend what you think of as your own money "for your own safety" is some pretty extraordinary bullshit).
Note that spending my bitcoin (and you spending your fiat on things other than bitcoin) is a decision we all make every day, whether we realise it or not.
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:08:02
Is there any populated corner of the earth where there is truly no internet access now?  Even in the worst cases, there's usually satellite access.
@_date: 2018-08-24 16:47:04
Equally true, yeah.
Honestly though, I was mostly just making kind of a joke.
Personally, I use Bitcoin as a currency, not as a way to increase the amount of fiat I have.  I sell fiat to get more real money, not the other way around.
@_date: 2018-08-30 07:48:15






Which is why people are telling you that you don't understand it.  It is not an investment vehicle.  Treating it as one is the reason that you've had problems.  This is not bitcoin's problem, it's yours because you misunderstood what it is.






That's a ridiculous view.










Just because I don't care about fiat, it doesn't mean I consider it valueless.  I just don't believe in its long term prospects nor do I agree with the amount of freedom that the systems around fiat remove from me as an individual.
I'd happily give you my fiat for fair market value of bitcoin.  But why would I exchange the fiat that I don't want for less bitcoin (that I do want) when I could get more bitcoin elsewhere?


I also have some good investments that make me a bit of extra money.  I also have bitcoin, but that's not an investment and so can't be a "good investment" or a "bad investment".
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:33:33
All of your "for instance" coins do in fact forgo either security, decentralisation or both for speed; or alternatively don't actually provide any additional speed (while still also sacrificing!)
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:46:08
Well, I can personally vouch for 200BTC that I CPU mined before deleting it due to it "being a waste of resources and killing my CPU".
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:38:32
But there's no reason that such a service as you're describing couldn't ALSO support a multisig arrangement.  That is: you release one of the keys on proof of death.
I'd also be interested in seeing if there's any way to automate at least some of it with a smart contract, but I fully admit I haven't spent any amount of time actually thinking about whether it's viable or desirable.
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:50:11
@_date: 2018-08-24 16:53:36
While you're entitled to that view, I'm not sure I understand it.  Use as a currency tends to lessen the impact of the volatility.  Money comes in, money goes out.  As long as those things are happening with some reasonably small time interval, it doesn't tend to matter whether something is 10BTC or 10mBTC.
Any savings I have left over tend to just stay in my cold wallet, and despite the recent drop, have - as I said - gone up over 10000% since I started, so I'm pretty comfortable with it.
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:42:47
While I personally wouldn't do it, I can imagine for 200BTC, someone really might.
It's not like gender reassignment surgery isn't a thing (and costs WAY less than 200BTC).
@_date: 2018-09-10 09:36:08
The number of miners decreases to match the price, but not further.  This  "wobbles" a bit as the decreased hash rate of miners leaving then increases profitability again but all other things being equal would eventually stabilise.
It's neither a good thing nor a bad thing unless the number of miners leaving is extreme, which isn't something that would be expected from a halving event.
Also, I did say above, "all other things being equal".  All other things are pretty much never equal and it's reasonable to assume that supply/demand works as expected and so the price increase is almost certain unless something external coincides with the halving event to keep it down at its current levels.
Also just so no one reading this assumes a sudden scramble/jump at the event: Mining and price have both been shown to increase *prior* to halving events in anticipation.  So at the event itself, it could be that not much happens, but only because it was priced-in in advance (and the global hash rate increase to match the price increase).
Note of course that it is all very complex and there's no way I can do justice to all of the various angles/factors in a reddit reply.
@_date: 2018-08-28 11:05:39
What? No. That’s absolutely moronic and not what I said at all. 
I said that a car has a use outside of trade, and money - practically by definition - does not. Bitcoin and dollars are both money. A car isn’t. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:24:27
That view of economic theory is one I'll never understand.  It's essentially a more complex version of the broken window fallacy.
Yes, people buy less in a deflationary system; but they still buy what they need *because they need it*.  I spend bitcoin a lot, because if I didn't pay my rent, my landlord would kick me out; and if I didn't buy food, my family and I would starve.  Even on "wants", it's still something I can decide.  I wanted a new computer recently, so I bought one.  I wanted a holiday to Tokyo with my family last year, so we went.  If I'd held those BTC, they'd be worth more now than they were; but I knew that would be the case and did it anyway because living a happy life is more important to me than being rich.
The inflationary system encourages spending which is good for the economy until the entire thing collapses under its own weight of waste and useless crap that no one actually wants but everyone gets because otherwise their money will be wasted through no fault of their own.  It's an inherently broken concept in the long run.
It's worth noting that in the short run, inflation can be helpful.  Bitcoin is in fact inflationary (currently 12.5BTC per ~10 minutes).  It's designed however to decrease the inflation over time, until it becomes stable at just under 21 million total coins.  There will then be a small deflationary pressure as coins continue to get lost or destroyed, but this isn't likely to be a lot by then.
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:20:25
Sure, that's fine with me.
@_date: 2018-08-03 07:41:01
The nice thing with scientific journals however is that they do tend to at least link the studies that the stories are talking about.  So of course you should remain skeptical and critical, but you are at least given the opportunity to go back to the source and verify things yourself (any decent paper will clearly describe reproducibility, so you could at least theoretically reconfirm without having to trust their results; any paper that doesn't is immediately suspect).  This is something that other media not only doesn't usually provide, but often actually actively hides.
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:22:57
The same way you acquire other money.  Working for it, selling things for it, and so on.
@_date: 2018-08-28 08:58:01




That's a non-sequitur.  The military might has nothing to do with "people believe in it and trade with it".
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:31:20
My income isn’t that large. Upper middle class (senior manager in the software industry). 
I have a wife who is a stay-at-home-mother and two kids at private school plus hobbies. Life isn’t cheap. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 06:45:33
Well, it's not me.  So now we just need the other \~7.6 billion people on the planet to chime in and say it's not them, until there's only one left.  That's him.
^(\(no, there are no flaws in this plan at all.  People never die, nor do they lie\))
@_date: 2018-08-09 13:48:23
Yep, mine's on my keychain in case I need to access it somewhere while out and about (hasn't happened yet, but could in theory).  The seed words however are protected by an electronic lock that has a combination known only to me (with half known by my loved ones and the other half released by a dead-man switch service), thick steel, fireproof/waterproof nylon, physical separation, and (in one location) men with guns.
To get my seed words, you'd have to incapacitate me long enough to not hit the dead-man switch, beat/torture the combination out of one of my loved ones, know where the lock actually is that the combination is for, and then go open it (in one location, providing evidence you're allowed to, otherwise the aforementioned men with guns wouldn't be happy).
And it's not like I'm actually rich enough for any of that effort to really be worth it either.
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:35:05


@_date: 2018-08-24 04:21:09
Scarcity (better described as limited supply in this case) is *one of* the arguments for bitcoin.  Without it, bitcoin wouldn't be as good as it is.  However on its own, scarcity not sufficient, which is where your DaveCoin example falls down.
@_date: 2018-08-24 16:33:13
Nah... some of us are still up well over 10000% from where we started... why would that little dip bother us?
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:06:41
Define "nowhere".  Just because you don't see local adoption, doesn't mean no one does.
I've been using bitcoin as my primary currency for the last year or so now, with less and less fiat used each month in general.
Many merchants I know are waiting for Lightning Network to be stable and trustworthy enough before they also jump on the bandwagon, including a vending machine producer which I personally see as one of the more interesting possibilities for increasing mass adoption. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 06:46:33
I’m financially well off enough. However, I also apply the same rule to fiat currency: “never hold more than I can afford to lose”.  I have more faith in the long term prospects of bitcoin than I do of the USD or EUR.  Fiat loses value over time *by design*!
The majority of my wealth is in assets (which could be sold if necessary but preferably not). My liquid wealth is near 100% Bitcoin; but it’s not a huge amount because I don’t see a point in huge amounts of liquid wealth. Only enough to keep me and my family going for 6 to 12 months should everything go to hell in a handbasket with my income. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:54:26
My point is though that I can’t know in advance what the average for the month will be.
The value right now might be the cheapest it will ever be or it might drop again 5 seconds after I post this. Without being able to predict the price, “right now” is as good a time as any. 
Plus the “value growth” you mention is more akin to investing, which I don’t do with cryptocurrency. My investments are in stable, slow growth assets. Bitcoin is my currency that just happens to throw a few nice surprises at me from time to time. I spend somewhere around 95% of the bitcoin I exchange from my fiat earnings, so the actual exchange rate doesn’t really matter all that much. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 07:21:18


You're mixing up two different concepts.  Bitcoin - the currency - is not limited to any particular number of transactions per second nor does it take any particular amount of time to clear.  Bitcoin's blockchain used directly as a payment network does have these limitations.
This is not all that different to the US dollar.  Cash transmits instantly, but Credit Cards take a long time to clear.  Both are USD, just with different payment systems implemented.  Bitcoin can (and does) have different payment systems as well.  I've personally transacted bitcoin:
* On the base blockchain layer
* By handing a printed private key over to someone else
* On the lightning network


Bitcoin isn't an investment to me.  It's my currency.
I do happen to have significant investments as well.


I have no intention of investing in any cryptocurrencies because I don't think they're a wise investment choice.  I have no intention of using any other existing cryptocurrency because they don't have the properties that I consider to make bitcoin valuable and interesting to me.


I don't really hate them.  But then again, I'm not in the US.  If I were, I probably would.  I do consider them an outdated dinosaur relic of a past system that will soon die.


You seem to be assigning properties to me that I don't have.  I have no singularly focused exuberance for anything really, and especially not a currency.


I also have no interest in trading because I know I am not good enough at it.  I would almost certainly lose money if I were to try, so I simply don't.
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:11:21
Why?  I still get paid every month.  Why should it matter what currency I hold it in as to whether I go broke?  Surely "going broke" is a matter of spending more money than I earn, which I don't do.
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:02:55
Ummm... you do know what "trade" means right?
Buying food with money is an example of trade.
@_date: 2018-05-16 03:55:43
Depends on what kinds of networks.  Both types are quite common out of networks that are allowed to "naturally" evolve (i.e. not centrally planned).  The properties of the network tend to help define which it will end up being.
Given that it involves a certain level of financial risk to expose larger amounts on the Lightning network due to having a node with private key access online), it makes sense to open channels with smaller financial amounts to minimise this risk.  It also makes sense to have a number of channels open so that they can be used for rebalancing, reducing the need to make potentially expensive on-chain transactions so often.
These properties - in my opinion - make it far more likely to tend towards a mesh rather than a hub and spoke model.  I did mention I expect there to be a few "hub-like hotspots", because I believe that as different people/companies have different risk tolerances (for me, losing 0.1BTC is sad; for someone else, it's potentially catastrophic), this will naturally lead to some channels with larger funding that will naturally be able to carry certain kinds of financial traffic that others won't.
@_date: 2018-08-09 14:08:44
Definitely SIN by a long shot, although I've gotta admit that MUC is slowly getting classier every time I visit (still lightyears behind SIN, but everywhere is).
@_date: 2018-05-17 07:53:33
Honestly, that's not helpful.  For those of us who have been around a long time and watched it all unfold, it's obvious what's going on.  For people just starting to look in to it, the very concept of a cryptocurrency is new and strange.  They've got no basis for reference when the bcash trolls spam their rhetoric.  Sure, it's clearly toxic troll\-speak most of the time, but a lot of what is written here about bcash is also clearly toxic troll\-speak sadly enough.
The fact is that most people don't spend a lot of time reading a lot about every little thing they come across.  If they don't know that bitcoin is important, they won't take the time to learn.  Once they do realise it "might" be important, they'll do the bare minimum to inform themselves.  Under these circumstances, a lot of the conversation here on reddit looks like two sets of monkeys flinging their faeces at each other.
It's only once people really *know* that bitcoin is important that they have any chance to take the time to look more deeply in to it and understand the real arguments behind the faeces that are being flung.
@_date: 2018-08-28 06:48:26
The fact that I use it as my daily currency would seem to refute that statement. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 04:40:05
Why do you think I'd choose who I open channels with rather than letting my wallet software do it?
And why do you think it'll cost $100 to do so?  On-chain transactions are nowhere near that high, and as we continue to add different scaling solutions (including potentially increasing the base max block size at some point in the future), they shouldn't ever be so (until such a point in time where it doesn't matter because it's such a rare event).
@_date: 2018-08-24 09:17:38
Yes. There are multiple different approaches towards the same end. Also closing (one or more) at the same time as opening (one or more) is well within the possible. 
Look in to “channel factories” for some early work in this direction. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:41:00
I think it's because this one hit ... there's a lot of clueless replies to me and a huge number of downvotes.
I'm okay with it though.  Reddit karma doesn't bother me one way or the other.
@_date: 2018-08-26 16:04:21
Funny... I don't know any shop around here that takes USD.  Could be because I'm in Germany though.
I'll absolutely grant that bitcoin is less accepted than fiat.  I'll also grant that it requires slightly more knowledge to use (although I'd call it overboard to say "The learning curve is far too high" given basic usage is a similar technical level to using any mobile phone based payment system).  If your goal is to give spendable, liquid money to someone as a wedding gift, then yes, the local fiat does make more sense.  However that's not the question that was asked nor is it what you argued against.  The question was how to gift it, and the point you argued against was that it is money and practical.
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:53:04
I'd like to see those calculations.
Exchange fees and bad exchange rates do exist and can be annoying, but unless you're going out of your way to hit high fees (e.g. Bitcoin ATMs), you should come out well in advance when using bitcoin for any sized international transfer between a couple of dollars and a couple of hundred thousand or so (over that and exchanges are likely to be difficult).
@_date: 2018-08-28 11:02:23
That does sound terrible indeed. Thankfully it’s nothing like what I’m doing. 
@_date: 2018-05-07 05:29:13
While most of the world doesn't have such a simple/fast way to exchange fiat for bitcoin, it doesn't actually change my original statement.
In case you failed to notice, I was *not* advocating a "spend and replace" method.  That would imply having fiat lying around in order to replace your bitcoin with.  When I spend bitcoin, I can't replace it from fiat **because I don't have any fiat with which to do so**.
Anyone, pretty much anywhere, can do nearly the same using a service like [bitwage]( to get their pay partially or completely in bitcoin as they choose.  Again, no need to wait around for wire transfers and so on.
@_date: 2018-08-30 07:51:56
Nothing at all.  I've bought plenty of "interesting substances" with bitcoin over the years.
However it's also worth noting that if this were the *only* use it would be *much* less interesting than it is.  So OP is still making a very important point.
@_date: 2018-08-29 05:21:10


Thanks.  I tend to work on the principle that even if the person I'm replying to isn't going to listen or care, other people reading it might and so I tailor the reply to the wider audience.
Reddit works best with a higher signal to noise ratio, so simply screeching insults straight back at them doesn't do anyone any favours (even when it's really tempting!)
@_date: 2018-08-01 19:38:12
Bitcoin doesn't have an energy consumption problem.
@_date: 2018-08-03 03:24:28
The dead-man-switch needn’t be activity on the key with the funds being protected. Just another known key. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 11:00:46
I could buy a house. But I don’t, for all of these reasons. 
@_date: 2018-08-24 16:44:12
Only if I sell... and why in the hell would I do that?!
@_date: 2018-08-02 04:35:28
Regarding the oracle, I was thinking more of a dead-man-switch.  Something in the smart contract that examines other conditions on the blockchain and if the user hasn't done *something* (TBD exactly what) for a period of time, then it activates.
@_date: 2018-05-21 12:27:15
Bitcoin is my day to day currency where ever and whenever possible.  I convert all of my fiat income minus a reserved amount for planned monthly fiat payments in to bitcoin.  I am actively trying to reduce the number of monthly fiat payments by pushing for the recipients to accept bitcoin instead (preferably via Lightning Network in the mid-term of course).
I do have a "safety net" account in fiat in the extremely unlikely event of a catastrophic failure of bitcoin, but I honestly consider a catastrophic failure of my local fiat (euro) to be more likely, so I also think of that "safety net" as being money that I have effectively thrown away and am willing to lose.
I also do use a fiat based credit card, but I pay that card off (immediately; well before it accrues any interest) using bitcoin.  Thanks to a stint of living in Australia for a while, it's an Australian credit card and I can use LivingRoomOfSatoshi to effortlessly pay it.
Essentially, I follow the "don't put in more than you're willing to lose" approach... but to fiat, not bitcoin.
It is worth noting that I'm currently not interested in a decentralised exchange personally, but I'll strongly support efforts in that direction.  This is mainly because my euro-&gt;BTC exchange is handled by bitcoin.de which has close ties to my bank (fidor.de), making it significantly more effortless than is really possible with a decentralised system.  Since I only need it once per month and nothing stays on the exchange for more than a few minutes at absolute most, I can't see myself needing a decentralised exchange for anything currently.
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:05:33


With what?  Fiat currency?  Why would I have any of that available when bitcoin is better in every way?
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:35:54
Good question.
Mostly it's to encourage usage, which is good for the ecosystem in general.  If I didn't use it to pay my landlord, he'd probably still not have any.  Now he actively asks people to be paid in BTC if they can.
Aside from that though, I've had bad experiences in the past with banks and fiat currency.  I've had payments blocked because of "suspicious activity" (on perfectly legitimate activities) just because I tend to travel a lot.  I've had annoying fees levied on me to access what should be my own money.  I've had my credit card skimmed and used elsewhere and then had a long fight (with expensive fees!) to get the transactions reversed.  None of these things are problems for me with bitcoin.  (yes, I'm aware someone could steal my private keys and then there's no way I'll get the money back after they make a transaction; but I can control the security of my private keys unlike the security of my credit card).
@_date: 2018-05-15 11:01:40


No, you're really not.  You're posting about your personal history and about trading.
Yes, people trade bitcoin.  But that's like going to and talking about your private business buying and selling printer parts and consumables for a profit.  It's not relevant to people interested in printers more generally than just the trade of them.  And your post is not relevant to people interested in bitcoin more generally than just the trade of them.
You might get a better reaction over in but since I don't visit there myself, I can't promise that.
@_date: 2018-05-06 06:48:22
Neither of the above... both imply putting money in to something that is not money in order to later increase our amount of money (either by selling it again or getting something like dividends).
My problem with this is that bitcoin is my *preferred* money.
Note that I don't disagree it's possible to invest/speculate with money.  Someone buying UK pounds in the hope that they appreciate in value compared to US Dollars only to sell them again later for US Dollars is indeed treating UK pounds as an asset rather than a currency.  However, if your personal preferred currency is UK pounds, then the scenario just doesn't make sense.  It's certainly a financial strategy you could employ, but it'd be missing the end goal of finally selling the US dollars for even more UK pounds than you originally started with.
As bitcoin is my preferred currency, and I am not interested in trying to profit from trading (regardless of how you name it), the very concept of calling my use of bitcoin "investment" or "speculation" are both non-sensical statements.
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:52:44
If you've got 300k in your bank account, you're seriously misunderstanding money management in an inflationary monetary system.
I *could* have that amount in my bank account, but it has far more value where it is in things that I own that don't lose value nearly as quickly (or in many cases, increase in value).  If I stored that as fiat in my bank, it'd be a significant net loss of value over time.
However the amount I can increase my personal value over time is really one of the least interesting things about Bitcoin to me.  The ability for everyone to have sovereignty over their money without having to jump through hoops with physical storage and transfer of things like gold is far more important to me.  Not just that I can somehow feel better and more secure about myself, but that I know the society around me does as well, improving my life by proxy of every else's life getting better.
@_date: 2018-08-28 08:45:46
Sure.  The value doesn't matter all that much to me, since I'm not holding large amounts over long time periods.  I spend it after getting it.  Whether in a month I get 100BTC and spend 99BTC or get 100 satoshi and spend 99 satoshi, it's all about the same other than the future value of the small portion that I don't spend.
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:14:46
I have a small amount of fiat set aside in case of the incredibly unlikely event that there's a real bug in bitcoin that actually makes it truly worthless, but I generally ascribe to the concept of "don't put in more than you're willing to lose" (for fiat), so it's not a lot.
I have a lot more in non-liquid assets which I can liquidate if ever necessary.
@_date: 2018-05-06 06:51:15
I don't think any of this information can be substantiated, nor ruled out.
I find it interesting you say he voted for Trump.  But not because of political reasons... even leaving those aside, you're automatically assuming he was eligible to/capable of voting in the United States.  That alone is a pretty big unsubstantiated assumption.
@_date: 2018-08-01 14:56:33


If it is true that the only alternative is literally active and direct murder, then I completely agree with you.
However, whether abortion is murder is an active debate.  It's clear where you fall on that debate, but it's worth at least accepting that from a logical argument point of view, you do have a premise being stated without being backed up and are probably at least aware that not everyone agrees with that premise.
(note that my own opinion as to whether it's murder or not is entirely irrelevant to the point I'm making; which is why I didn't state it)
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:19:53
No we didn't.  I didn't "invest" in Bitcoin.  I just happen to use it.
@_date: 2018-05-15 10:24:33


This is slowly becoming more and more common in Europe as well.
I used to be the only person I know who keeps all their liquid money in BTC \(the only Euro I have is enough for my monthly bills that are still denominated that way plus my "in case of catastrophic cryptocurrency failure" fund, which I'm also happy to write off in case of no catastrophic failure\).
However now I know 3 others who also do this and many more \(over 20\) who are headed that way by approaching BTC with a "spend and replace" mindset.  To be fair, 2 of the 3 that do so are because I recommended it to them, but the other one is someone I met at random who already did so.
To note: it's unfortunately not all that common yet for merchants to accept BTC directly in most of Europe \(slowly but surely increasing, but still very uncommon\).  However there are solutions where I pay from my BTC and they receive Euro \(other whatever currency they want\) and this tends to be my standard way of paying for things.  I do of course give strong preference to those that directly accept BTC themselves.
@_date: 2018-05-28 05:32:18
Does losing 60% of value over the last 5 months imply it will do the same over the next 5 months?
If so, why is that different from the fact that it has gained 1200% over the last 2 years?
"Past performance is not indicative of future behaviour" is generally even more valid for short-term trends than it is of long (although it absolutely has validity in both cases).
I don't believe that bitcoin will rise significantly over the long term because of the fact that it has done so over the long term so far; I believe it will rise significantly over the long term because of the fundamental properties that it has.  I do not believe similar things for the USD.
@_date: 2018-08-24 17:01:39
Yeah... despite government trying their best to make things difficult here in Germany, general adoption here does seem much higher than a lot of other places.
@_date: 2018-08-28 11:47:24
If you honestly think I’m gambling, why don’t you go ahead and tell me how. 
From my perspective, gambling is what traders and investors are doing with bitcoin: buying it and gambling on an increase in value in order to sell it again for more than they paid for it. 
What I’m doing is using it. I get paid in a currency I don’t like, exchange it for one that I do, and then use it to purchase goods and services.
@_date: 2015-06-20 12:37:30
Anecdotally, yes.  It theoretically contains everything a human body needs, and using myself as an example, it seems to work without any negative side effects.
Of course, there might be some micronutrient or so that is missing that only becomes apparent after missing it for longer than I've been using Joylent, but to be honest, I kind of doubt it.
In my case at least, I feel generally healthier when consuming only Joylent compared to when I consume 'regular food'.  Overall more consistent energy levels throughout the day; better skin; more consistent bowel movements; improved mood; etc.
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:27:16
2013 called, it wants its argument against bitcoin back.
Seriously, I've probably made around 200 bitcoin transactions this year, and only 2 of them have been online drug purchases.
@_date: 2018-05-25 05:41:08
Bitcoin is good money because it is extremely robust, censorship resistant, and not controlled by a centralised body.
Fiat money is bad money because it gives those in power another (completely unnecessary) way to control the lives of those who use it.
No matter what the exchange rates between bitcoin and fiat currencies do, getting rid of fiat in favour of bitcoin is never "*throwing good money after bad*".
@_date: 2018-05-15 11:39:40
I do want to hear content.
- I want to hear about the latest technological developments, features, and applications being built in the space.
- I want to hear what political changes are happening around the world either directly or indirectly related to bitcoin.
- I want to hear about merchant adoption and use.
All of these things do get posted aside from just abstractions and memes.  Perhaps you're missing them?
What I *don't* want to hear about is some guy's personal story (and by the way, he's less "OG" than I am as if that actually matters), trading, and self-promotion of his new pet platform that is (including right there in the name) about trading.
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:49:27
Which one?
[Florida]( or [Russia](
@_date: 2018-08-06 05:57:55
Confirmed ;)
@_date: 2018-08-31 04:13:42
Since no one else seems to be giving a clear answer:
The term "tied to a currency" implies that something's value is based on that currencies value.  So, if we have "DaleBucks" which are tied in a 1:2 relationship with the US Dollar, then the exchange rate between them stays fixed at that ratio.  No matter what happens to the value of the dollar, ten DaleBucks is twenty USD.
You can value any currency in any other currency without them being tied.  For example, €1.00 is currently $1.17.  The Euro and US Dollar are not however "tied", in that their exchange rate can (and does) vary wildly over time.
Bitcoin is the same.  It is not tied to any currency and does vary wildly in its exchange rate to every other currency over time.
@_date: 2018-08-16 09:44:07
LSD on Silk Road. 
@_date: 2018-08-25 11:27:30
If that’s what you think bitcoin is about, please do stay away so the rest of us can carry on without you. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 09:25:22
What point?  That USD is a better store of value for their money than Turkish Lira?  That point was clear.  My argument against it was that I see BTC as a better long-term store of value and thus better than USD for savings, refuting your statement that "*There is no reason to pick btc over USD in their situation*".
It's quite possible that holding some USD for the short term is safer, but I didn't argue for or against that particular idea since you were talking about savings and not day-to-day money.
Also, just as a note, why USD rather than EUR?  Turkey is closer to Europe and the EUR is more widely accepted as a foreign currency there than USD is in my experience travelling there.
@_date: 2018-05-20 18:36:32
The fact that you can't filter to show bitcoin only but can filter to show bcash only is clear bias.  It promotes bcash by making it easier from a user experience perspective.
Honestly, I don't care since I consider bcash to ultimately be a dead-end that will die of its own accord in due time; but to say the info that site provides is not biased is clearly inaccurate.
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:45:16


Which most of the sites I mentioned are:
- Edeka is a supermarket chain.  They sell groceries.  To anyone.  Not just for bitcoin.
- Lieferando is a part of Takeaway.com, who are a general "home delivery" company.  They're also not specific to bitcoin.
- NewEgg sell electronics and lots of other computer equipment.  They certainly aren't specific to bitcoin either.
@_date: 2018-05-21 12:38:55


That is completely incorrect.
Zero confirmations takes a few seconds - as in, the time it takes for the transaction to propagate across the network and be "seen" by the person you're paying.
The first confirmation will happen when it's first included in a block.  New blocks are generated - on average - every 10 minutes, however whether your transaction is in the next block or not depends on several factors (most important in general being the fee compared to the number of other higher/equal fees of the current pool of transactions that are not yet in a block).


I believe you're being downvoted because the information you're stating as fact is wrong, not because people don't like what you have to say.
@_date: 2018-05-10 15:03:17
Sure, that's probably the case.  I wouldn't be surprised if adoption would be much faster in the hypothetical world where there were more of such issues.
But that doesn't change anything about my answer.  There are already many systems for really simple payments in centralised systems.  Bitcoin isn't designed to compete with these on their playing field.  It will *always* be cheaper, faster, and easier to manage huge numbers of transactions with great user experience in a centralised system than a decentralised one.
That doesn't mean we shouldn't try to make bitcoin as cheap, fast, and easy as possible; because I think we *can* make it really good on all of these fronts.  But it's going to be a lot more work than it would have been for Chase to create Chase Pay.  It'll also be worth it.
@_date: 2018-05-22 03:06:56
Only if you have more fiat available... and I don't see a point in doing that.
I spend bitcoin, but I don't "spend and replace" because I don't have fiat lying around to replace it from.  Just like any other currency, the amount of it I have goes up when I get paid and goes down when I buy stuff.
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:31:33


Thanks for calling me young.  It's not something I hear face to face a lot what with the lack of hair on my head and the ones on my face all being grey for many years now.


That's totally incorrect.  On-chain transactions tend to be a few cents at the moment and I usually batch them anyway to send many transactions in one unless it's an "immediate need" to send (e.g. getting a beer at the cafe around the corner from where I live).
Regarding the "hours to process".  No, they are broadcast to the network immediately and are usually seen within seconds.  Whether the person receiving the bitcoin chooses to trust me after zero confirmations, one, or several is entirely their choice.  The aforementioned bar for example is happy to accept a zero confirmation payment.
That in mind, I don't use on-chain transactions when I can avoid it, which brings me to:


Lightning exists.  Small denomination paper wallets as "notes" exist.  I use both as much as possible and expect to use Lightning significantly more in the future (and the paper wallet notes hopefully less, since they're insanely low security).


Clearly you haven't read a damn thing I've said.  I have *significant* investments that will let me retire very comfortably.  None of them are in cryptocurrencies.  Bitcoin is my day to day money, **not** an investment I'm making.
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:54:01
I only just heard about FATCA recently and was honestly shocked by how bad it seems to be getting for US citizens.
While much of the rest of the world is opening borders, making it easier to move around, and generally just playing nice as a part of the global community, it seems the US is doing its absolute damndest to isolate themselves as much as possible.
How do US citizens even handle living and working abroad in the current climate?
@_date: 2018-05-21 15:04:44
If there are recommendations from an EU parliamentary body, link to them.  Not to some annoying video of someone talking about it.
@_date: 2018-08-08 13:10:54


I don't know, but probably somewhere around a half a million satoshi should go through reliably almost every time.


Extremely large (many BTC).  Atomic Multipath Payments will mean that even when channels aren't heavily funded, the transaction will be able to be split across multiple channels (which will also help a lot for rebalancing channels) meaning the total amount transacted can be larger than the largest channel between you and the target as long as the sum of all possible paths is higher than the transaction total.
@_date: 2018-05-22 03:24:23


Ummm... I'm not sure if you misunderstood but I was more or less agreeing with you.  I do indeed spend bitcoin - probably more often than the vast majority of bitcoin users.


I do have an "emergency fund" of fiat (comprised of both USD and EUR) in case of catastrophic failure of BTC, but I think it's very unlikely.


Actually I think you'll find that most financial planners will advise not to keep large amounts of fiat currency just sitting around doing nothing.  They'll suggest investing it instead.  I do have investments as well (but BTC isn't one of them; it's my day to day money, not an investment).


I can use BTC for a lot of different things, including groceries.  There are some things I can't, and for those I either use my AUD credit card which I then pay off in BTC using LivingRoomOfSatoshi or as automatic payments that go out immediately after the fiat goes in to my bank account from my day job.


I consider the term "spend and replace" to mean that I spend some bitcoin and then replace the amount spent from fiat.  I get paid in fiat, but exchange that to BTC immediately upon receiving my pay each month.
If you want to call that "spend and replace", you can; but I personally wouldn't since it's a fundamentally different thing.  Some months I may get less BTC than I spent the previous month (less than full "replacement") and other (most) months I'll get more BTC than I spent the previous month (more than full "replacement").
If I ever need a large amount of fiat for something unexpected, I'm able to very quickly and easily exchange my BTC to either EUR or AUD (or other currencies a little more slowly; but since I live in the Eurozone, EUR is the most likely thing I'd need).  That did occur once last year, but it's rare enough that holding fiat for those cases seems incredibly wasteful to me.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:02:18
LSD from Silk Road... it cost me around 65BTC from what I recall - and that was a good price at the exchange rates of the time.
Like many others I assume, I am of course sorely regretting not holding on to even HALF of those coins.  I honestly never expected bitcoin to do what it has done.  Silly me of little foresight!
@_date: 2018-05-23 05:03:27


(no, I'm not saying bitcoin has no issues; but most of the coins out there that claim to be "better" are trying to solve non-issues or even "fixing" fundamental features that they perceive as issues like proof-of-work.  Real issues are being resolved on a pretty regular and speedy basis by the wonderful dev community that we have.)
@_date: 2018-05-15 19:50:57


That's an argument I'd like to see significantly expanded because I find it completely impossible to believe on face value.
@_date: 2018-05-06 06:54:02
I'll agree with the first two steps, but the third just makes no sense to me.
Step three should be reworded: "Buy nice things *with bitcoin*".
@_date: 2018-08-28 07:48:18
If you think I'm bullshitting, feel free to check my post history, because apparently I've been spouting the same bullshit for a long time now.  I'm either a very consistent liar, or I'm telling the truth.
I could of course theoretically prove it to you by showing you transactions on the blockchain, but to be honest I'd rather not make all of my financial information freely available to the world; so if you don't believe me, I guess we'll both just have to live with that.
@_date: 2018-05-10 14:46:21


Because Chase Pay isn't a decentralised system that gives you complete control over your own money?
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:19:16


And I've already said, several times, that I have investments.


I don't believe it's a "complete unknown". Simply an unknown. It seems highly likely based on all available data that it will increase in value over time.


Ridiculous strawman of my position.  A car isn't something you just hold to trade away later.  You *use* it.  Money is something you don't use except in trade.  Also, you haven't told me anything about the mystery box to help me determine the likelihood of it holding or increasing in value.
In short: If you think my logic is moronic, it's likely because based on your response, you have completely failed to understand it.
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:41:09
I don't call it investing or gambling... I call it getting rid of a currency that I don't trust in return for one that I do.
@_date: 2018-05-21 12:59:30
I don't know of any other services besides LivingRoomOfSatoshi, but I highly recommend you get in touch with them directly.  I live outside of Australia and am not Australian, so when I signed up with them, I just dropped them an email asking how to do it without an Australian ID and they happily accepted a (high quality) photo of my non-Australian passport via email.  The whole process took less than two days (including the delays caused by the timezone difference between Europe and Australia).
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:34:13
True... there is no price lower than zero.
@_date: 2018-08-30 05:09:44
"Ignorant" is not an insult.  "Stupid" or "dumb" or similar would be, but "ignorant" just means there's something you don't know.
I am ignorant about a lot of things, and pretty well informed about many others.
Your posts show that you clearly are ignorant about many aspects of bitcoin.  If you weren't, the posts you're writing don't make any sense since they're treating bitcoin as a speculative commodity and not what it is (a new, better form of currency).
I suggest you learn *why* bitcoin is a better form of currency and what that means.  The fact that you once bought some has nothing to do with whether you understand it or not.  A good place to begin learning is [the YouTube channel of Andreas Antonopoulos](
Perhaps after learning, you'll still regret buying it, because you did so under the false impression that it was something that it isn't; but if you really understand it, you won't say that you "hate it".
As for:


This is a perfect example of not understanding it.  If you understand it, you don't really care what the exchange rate to fiat is doing at any particular point in time.  I neither know nor care whether its going to go up or down over the next weeks or months.  I would be extremely surprised if it's not significantly more valuable 5 years from now than it is right at this moment, but even if it's not, it still wouldn't actually matter to me and I'd continue using it just as I do now.
@_date: 2018-05-02 07:59:49


Yes, excluding the automatic payments that I have going out in fiat (such as my rent; but I'll be moving house soon, so will of course discuss the bitcoin option with my new landlord).  I do have some fiat put aside just in case of catastrophic failure of bitcoin, but "no more than I'm willing to lose" since I think the catastrophic failure of the euro (my local fiat system) is far more likely than the catastrophic failure of bitcoin.


All of these things (other than rent as mentioned) can be bought with bitcoin easily enough (for me at least).


The way I view it is so: Over time, fiat loses purchasing power on average.  Over time, bitcoin increases in purchasing power on average (although I'll agree the volatility means that over short terms it's simply extraordinarily unpredictable).  Therefore, in the time between me getting money and me spending it on things, *on average* it's better for me to have held that money in bitcoin than in fiat.  My total purchasing power averaged over a multi-year time-span is higher under this method that only using fiat for purchases and holding bitcoin purely as a savings mechanism.
That's not to mention the other advantages such as there not being the option for someone else to say "no" when I want to spend what should be my own money.  This happened to me a few months ago with my bank (who refused to believe I wanted to make a €12k euro purchase at Apple) and the time and energy that I wasted fighting that and finally proving that yes, I really do want to spend *my money* on something that *I want to have* is something I want to reduce the risk of ever having to go through again.
@_date: 2018-05-20 06:41:40
The best answer is (like almost always) from Andreas Antonopoulos: 
@_date: 2018-05-15 20:02:14
So don't... open a channel with Bob, since he has a channel with Mary, who has a channel with the coffeeshop.
Of course, it's even more effective if you let the software handle this stuff for you since it can figure out the optimal channel(s) to open for you far better than you can.
As a note, it almost certainly won't end up as a hub and spoke architecture, but more likely a pretty evenly spread mesh with just a few "hub-like" hotspots here and there.
@_date: 2018-05-15 10:38:50
Totally agree with your complete answer in spirit \(i.e. that Occam's razor is totally irrelevant to what's being described and it being mentioned at all is quite an abuse in this context\), however I do want to nitpick one thing in your reply \(which means this reply is even further from the original topic\):


I haven't yet seen an example of a case where this is true except where the global case provides additional constraints/information that make the local solution invalid.  In that case, the new optimum is still found with Occam's razor after taking the new constraints/information in to account.
There are still some \(okay, that's an understatement\) unsolved problems in physics where it seems there are a huge number of basic assumptions \(universal axioms\), but most successful research so far tends to be in the direction of unification and \- where not \- often points strongly to potential further unifications in the future that we just need to figure out \(or in most cases, figure out how to go about figuring them out\).
In short: I find Occam's razor to be *highly* effective to the point of being surprisingly, unreasonably good at what it does.  Often, people just take the wrong approach and don't question their assumptions/axioms enough \(especially in fields 'above' physics on the food\-chain\).
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:41:53
If you think you live in freedom currently, I have a bridge to sell you...
@_date: 2018-08-03 07:47:59
My node would fall off if the blocksize were to double from where it is now.  I have a monthly bandwidth limit since where I live the only connection I can get is LTE based.  I pretty much hit my limit each month right now, so if blocksize were to double, I'd need to either ask my kids to watch less YouTube (yeah, good luck with that), or turn off my node.
Sure, I may just be one, but that's more than zero and I don't doubt there are others in my situation.
That said, I do expect and encourage a block size increase at some point in the future.  But only when we actually need it, which so far we don't.  I'd rather see effort go in to efficient use of the current blocksize through a variety of different means (segwit was a really great start, LN looks very promising so far) take priority first.
@_date: 2018-05-17 08:23:49


Depends on *how* you say it.  But on face value, no.  It's not an opinion I agree with, but it's not trolling in and of itself.


Only if you already understand quite a lot, like what a block actually is for a start...
@_date: 2018-05-07 03:44:20
Loving the ad hominem attacks here by the way.  Especially since I'm close to 40 years old and have been using bitcoin since 2010/2011.
Thankfully, where I live it's not nearly as difficult to exchange my fiat for bitcoin as you make out.  In fact, I just go to the site "bitcoin.de", authorise a sum of euro from my bank (fidor bank) that's allowed to be withdrawn, and then either buy from an existing order on the book or set up a new order.  Either way, it takes a few seconds at most.  None of this "wire money around and wait a week" crap.
@_date: 2018-05-15 11:07:10
It's each address... but you can continue to receive on an old address as long as you still hold the private key that it stems from.
Essentially for most simple wallet software, this is invisible and automatic.  People could send to any of your prior addresses in that wallet \(at least, since the last time you generated a new key\) as many times as they like and most wallets will just show you an aggregate of it all.
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:12:02
Do you consider [groceries]( to be physical products?
What about [electronics and computer equipment](
Or [fast food delivery](
Or [burgers and beer]( for a night out?
If you're feeling a little more rich, you could [buy a Lamborghini](  Or just get really excessive and buy a [whole house](
@_date: 2018-05-07 05:32:58
Are you accepting online only or in person?  How many payments per day are you expecting?  What kinds of monetary volumes are at stake (very small, very large, somewhere in between, etc?)
Regardless of the answers to these questions, you can do it yourself, but the kind of setup you'll want to have is going to vary based on these.
As a start, take a look at [btcpay]( - it's a good open source project that will get you started.
@_date: 2017-02-04 08:33:05
1BTC may be over 1000 USD, but 1mBTC is just a little over a dollar, and 1µBTC is still a tenth of a cent.
There's no need to get hung up on the unit, only the relative value expectation over time.
@_date: 2017-02-04 07:50:46
The "price" of Bitcoin is only relevant in context of its purchasing power at the time you intend to use it.  Whether that be through a direct use or by trading it back to a fiat currency first.  Putting it in terms of Big Macs can be surprisingly helpful.
Right now, 1 Big Mac (at my local McDonalds) costs around 0.004BTC also expressible as 4mBTC or 4000µBTC (4000 bits).  Note that they don't actually accept bitcoins, but that's how many bitcoins I'd need to exchange in order to buy one in a currency they accept.
Let's say I'd like now to exchange some other currency that I hold for bitcoin.  I decide to get 100 Big Macs worth of bitcoin.  I don't plan on spending it straight away.  One day in the future, I look at how many Big Macs I could buy with my bitcoin holdings.  That "100 Big Macs worth" at the time might now be enough to buy 1000 Big Macs, it might be the same and still buy 100 Big Macs, or it might even be enough to only buy 10 Big Macs.
Note that this is not tied to the price of the currency I used to buy the bitcoins to begin with.  The value of Bitcoin may change in relation to a Big Mac, but so does the value of a Dollar, Euro, Yuan, Pound, Yen, Franc, Crown, and so on. One Big Mac now costs a lot more US Dollars than it did in 1975 US Dollars for example; so if I had put 100 Big Macs worth of US Dollars in a sock in 1975 (around $130) and went to McDonalds now with that cash, I definitely could not buy 100 Big Macs anymore (I'd get around 26 Big Macs now apparently).
This means the open question that no-one here is able to answer since none of us can see the future is whether your purchasing power will be better off if your holdings are in BTC, USD, EUR or whatever else.  I think many of us here strongly believe that BTC is a good choice, but it is still a gamble - just like NOT exchanging your fiat currency for BTC is also a gamble.
As for asking how many coins someone has, please realise that that's something quite impolite to ask strangers.  Just as I won't tell you my bank balance, I also won't tell you how many BTC I hold right now.
@_date: 2017-02-18 08:35:51
That is one of (although far from the main) reason that I have only a small amount of money in the wallet on my phone, with the majority of it in a cold storage wallet that is kept much more securely.
I view it as no different to cash.  It would be foolish to carry around tens of thousands of dollars in cash and it's equally foolish to carry around tens of bitcoins (or more precisely, the private keys that allow access to those tens of bitcoins).  It does however make sense to carry around $100 or so in cash for basic spending purposes, and I also carry around a similar amount of BTC in the wallet on my phone.
@_date: 2017-02-25 00:30:22
Stop looking at 1 day charts - they're always scarier looking than reality.  What looks like a "huge" dip there is barely a wiggle when you zoom out the timescale a bit.
@_date: 2017-02-21 03:28:11
I'm based in Germany.  Most of my more recently acquired coins I've got through bitcoin.de, with just a few from Kraken (older coins I have from MtGox, but that's going back a while obviously).
@_date: 2019-07-10 19:44:26
But at least a portion of that will be bought by people who won’t dump it. After a while therefore, that issue solves itself.
@_date: 2017-02-04 08:50:06
Given that I don't do any transactions in US dollars (except my rare visits to the US for work), I really don't care too much about that exchange rate.
Right now, the exchange rate to euro is quite relevant for me, since I have expenses denominated in euro that I can't directly settle in bitcoin.
But overall the most relevant thing to me is the purchasing power of the bitcoin directly since that's my *preferred* currency.
@_date: 2017-02-23 08:01:02


Tell that to holders of the [Papiermark]( in the early 1920s...
I don't expect major currencies like the USD, EUR, GBP, CNY, JPY, etc to have these kinds of issues any time soon, but the possibility always exists.
This simply can *never* happen to bitcoin. It can theoretically happen that the majority of people suddenly decide bitcoin is worthless and the value plummets to near zero, but neither you nor anyone else can NEVER hold more than 21 million of them (if there were a protocol change to remove this limit, it would arguably no longer be bitcoin you're holding).  And since there will almost certainly always be at least some people who value them (at least, without such grand economic upheaval that the world is so fundamentally altered that all current money becomes worthless), that "near zero" is actually probably still pretty high.  For example, if bitcoin were to drop to $1 USD per coin tomorrow, I know I'd be buying in large numbers of coins and I suspect many others here would as well.  That would be likely enough to bring the price up again significantly.
The only caveat here is that if the price were to drop because someone found a true flaw in the concept/protocol that made it possible to 'cheat' the system valuably and significantly and it were not easy to fix, then it would truly die.
@_date: 2017-02-25 00:27:45


My first bitcoins were spent on drugs, and I still spend a bit now and then on them (for example, I just got myself some 2C-B recently with a bit of what was formerly dust I had left over on an onion patch); however the vast majority of my bitcoin spends have been on legitimate things.  Probably the largest amount in total would be my regular power bill, but the portion of my groceries that I buy with bitcoin would be a close second.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:31:27
I wouldn't mind a new job.
If you're willing to finance it, I'm willing and able to set up and project manage the necessary teams of developers, security experts, legal representatives, and business team as well as acting as the senior system architect to spec out your big picture infrastructure and toolchain.  Of course, I would expect that "finance it" includes a reasonable salary for me on top of share options in the future.
Or, are you expecting you'll do this on your own?
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:55:00
According to their website, the UK branch requires being a resident in the UK; and I couldn't actually find anything on the DE website, but I assume similar.
I'm a citizen of New Zealand but a resident in Germany.  I proved it using the VideoIdent service showing my passport and residence card.
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:07:21
Any miners that believe that Segwit would reduce their income have completely failed to understand what it is.
Yes, it improves the ability for some second layer (off chain) networks to function which themselves will conduct transactions without on-chain fees, however these solutions will eventually put transactions back on the chain as an aggregate instead.  The effect of this will almost certainly be that it ends up keeping the blocks healthily full with these aggregates (and therefore giving the miners their fees) while simultaneously allowing for a huge increase in small (and even micro-) transactions.
Simply increasing the block size a bit without anything else is a short term bandaid that I think everyone agrees isn't useful.
Using block sizes that are 'flexible' would push out the ability for small nodes due to bandwidth requirements as the network grows and lead to a dangerous level of centralisation.
Note that even aside from second layer networks, Segwit itself provides the ability for some more transactions (and therefore more fees) per block in and of itself.  This is only roughly the same as the one-time block size increase, so on its own isn't appealing enough, but should give a not insignificant boost to miners' income on top of allowing for the more advanced future scaling solutions.
@_date: 2017-03-17 05:00:49
I hadn't heard about the bank account number thing.  If they do now though, I don't see how a past problem should be an indication of a current problem.
The SEPA reception thing seems to be a UK branch issue, and yes, that does suck.  I wasn't aware of it.  That limitation doesn't exist with their DE branch.
Regarding being bitcoin friendly, I don't expect that to change.  They're too closely aligned with both bitcoin.de and Kraken now to do a sudden about-face unless legally forced.  A lot of their customer base growth in Germany has been because of bitcoin.de as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2017-02-23 18:29:37
[Like this?](
@_date: 2017-02-25 07:20:24
I half agree with you.
I also use bitcoin whereever I can, but I think we need to be realistic that until a scaling solution of some kind happens, we can't use it everywhere and for everything simply because the chain as-is can't handle that many transactions (my preferred scaling mechanisms are off-chain; but I know some people prefer on-chain scaling).
Generally when I spend bitcoin, I immediately replenish it again from Euro.  The idea being that I'm using bitcoin, but also hodling because I do strongly believe it will continue to rise in value significantly in the long term.
However, if there's a choice between someone else only hodling (and never spending) vs not getting bitcoin at all, I'd far rather they hodl.
They are increasing the value of my coins by taking others out of circulation for a while, which in turn increases my (and other people's) use of them since I now have more (in terms of value) to spend.
Another effect of these people pushing the price up is that bitcoin is perceived as more valuable and more interesting for other people to get involved in it as well, increasing overall adoption.
@_date: 2017-03-06 04:15:10
But isn't this kind of a catch-22 situation?
I don't disagree with anything you're say other than that I don't believe it will "be ready" until the demand for it to be ready is there.  I mean, we could activate SegWit and a trial 2nd layer network like LN **tomorrow** if we all agreed to do so, but we don't all agree because the demand isn't there.
I feel like we're waiting for people to magically start needing it before we go ahead and start getting people interested enough to start needing it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:17:21
You can add "Stadtwerke Hannover" (or "Enercity") to that list as well from 2016 onwards.
They're the power company here in Hannover, Germany and [let you pay your bill in Bitcoin](
I had to check, but [according to Wikipedia]( they've got a revenue of 2.45 billion Euro, so they qualify for your list.
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:03:49
For those in the UK who are concerned about this, you might want to look in to opening an account with [Fidor Bank](  They're a German bank with a UK branch (virtual, no physical locations) and are *very* [Bitcoin friendly](
Note: I'm not associated with Fidor nor do I even have an account myself (yet), I just really like them and will probably be opening an account soon with them here in Germany.
**Edit about 2 hours later**: *Just created myself an account at Fidor Germany.  After posting this, I realised I didn't have a single thing to stop me doing so.  Very happy with the fast online process and their use of VideoIdent (independent webcam based video identification service) to confirm my identity.  My debit card and paperwork should arrive in the post within next week and then I'll begin migrating away from my existing bank.*
@_date: 2017-03-04 07:03:08
I think you're missing what they were saying.
I could spend $100 on groceries.  Or, if they accept bitcoin, I spend 77.5mBTC on those same groceries and then buy back those 77.5mBTC using that $100 that I still have.
The idea is that I'm spending roughly the same amount (minor variance due to timing and fees not withstanding), but I've helped stimulate the BTC economy a bit by actually using it, while still ending up in the same position I would have been anyway (down $100, and up some groceries).
This is exactly what I do as much as possible (although since I also believe holding bitcoin is likely much more valuable long term than holding fiat, I tend to add a bit of BTC each time buy getting rid of just a little more fiat than the amount of BTC I spent).
@_date: 2019-03-13 05:13:40
I'm not sure I'd call tattoo'd seed words "safe" since I'm assuming that someone at some point in your life from this point forward will have the chance to see you naked and read them... but otherwise, yes, it's perfectly possible.
@_date: 2017-03-17 07:15:40
VideoIdent instead of PostIdent. Takes about 30 minutes. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 16:37:04
I think it comes down to the semantics of "what is bitcoin".
If you argue that the Lightning Network is *not* bitcoin, then bitcoin is a settlement layer.  If however you argue that transactions on LN are in fact *real bitcoin transactions* then it's just an extension of bitcoin itself and bitcoin is not just a settlement layer (the blockchain however is).
@_date: 2019-03-20 19:43:42
Yep, sure did.
@_date: 2017-03-12 06:46:01
The question is phrased in a way that I can't answer.
I believe that long term, different kinds of transactions should have different fees.  On-chain transactions should have fees that support the miners sufficiently once the block reward is no longer significant enough for them alone (which is perhaps even now from some perspectives).  However, as I'd like to use bitcoin as a daily digital cash as well, I want second layer networks with very low fees to support this activity without cluttering up the main chain.
@_date: 2019-03-31 12:51:09


All I have is BTC.  I spend it on food regularly.
Your argument is assuming bitcoin is a relatively illiquid asset that must be sold in order to get 'money' to buy food.  It's not.  It **is** money.
@_date: 2017-03-04 08:13:33
Just enough that I'd be pretty damned unhappy if I lost it, but not enough that losing it would cause me or my family significant harm.
It's something like 65% of my liquidity if I just crudely compare my bank balance to my bitcoin balance, but I'm not sure how relevant the percentage really is, since 65% of my liquidity is pretty different to 65% of someone else's liquidity (there are people way richer than me and people way poorer than me).
I do continue to purchase small amounts of BTC reasonably often, however I don't have a set amount to purchase such as x% of my monthly income.  Mostly, I just purchase "a bit more than I spend".  For example: when I pay my power bill in bitcoin, I'll then top up my BTC balance by a bit more than I just sent to the power company.
@_date: 2019-03-13 05:15:54
If the fiat crashes, what are you "selling" your crypto in to?
If you suddenly saw your local fiat hyperinflating by over 100% per day, would you really sell your crypto for it?
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:11:42
I'm a long term hodler, so I'm not going to change my behaviour regardless of the price until a very specific set of circumstances come to pass (essentially: moon) however, I do have to say that 'slow' declines always feel less comfortable to me than fast ones.  With fast ones, there's a lot of joyous "buy the dip" activity which pushes it up quickly again, but with the slow declines, I do feel that a lot of people start feeling nervous and fuelling it further - not necessarily by selling, but at least by more conservative buying.
As for what's causing it, it could really be anything.  My bet would be concerns about the EU discussions as you guessed - especially when looking at the order books on the markets in Europe compared to other regions of the world a few hours ago (less noticeable now, but still there a bit) - but it's of course far from certain.
Regardless of the cause, despite the aforementioned discomfort of slow declines, I sincerely doubt it's going to be a significant decline at all really and fully expect the overall upwards trend to continue with this decline barely registering on the longer term charts.
@_date: 2019-03-22 12:24:02


I don't see how this is possible in a currency that doesn't have inflation.  Those "bitcoin elites" would bleed their money out to the masses if the masses are the ones actively working and the elites aren't.  It wouldn't be a stable configuration for very long at all.
@_date: 2017-03-17 06:30:50
Honestly, if that "For only $0.01" was changed to "For only $0.60" (or even "For only $2", which is way above current fees), it would still be an extremely attractive comparison.
I'm not really sure that the $0.01 fee was the major selling point of that comparison.  Definitely one of the selling points, but far from the only.
@_date: 2019-03-29 13:41:44
Summary: Article gives 5 signs that an exchange is more than likely going to run off with your money, but fails to give the most obvious answer to the question asked in the headline.  That being, "*it is always the right time to do so*".
There is no reason for keeping funds on an exchange for a long time.  You either convert them to another currency (the point of having them on an exchange... exchanging them), or you withdraw them.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:46:43
This is a common misconception.
There are many of us that do not support big blocks (due to the risks we perceive) but do want instant low-fee online payments.  We are just perfectly willing to accept that these transactions are not on-chain.
SegWit + LN as quickly as possible is what I'd do if I somehow had the ability to wave a magic wand and make it happen.
@_date: 2019-03-07 15:40:18
Wipe the system clean, restore from backup.
If there was no backup, then your friend's data clearly wasn't worth anything significant to her anyway.  She could've lost it any number of ways, this was just the way it happened.
As for whether or not she'd get access to it if she pays: maybe, maybe not.  I certainly wouldn't count on it.
@_date: 2019-03-11 09:46:44
OP didn't even mention Lightning at all, so it never even entered my mind that that might be what they meant.  If it is, then yes, you're of course completely right.
It's of course possible that if that's what they meant then they were just trolling - there's a lot of anti-Lightning trolls around spreading misinformation about how it works.  Whether they actually understand it or not seems almost beside the point with the trolls themselves, but I am in favour of more educational articles that help clear up the misconceptions to help combat genuinely curious people coming across false information without anything informative countering it.
@_date: 2019-03-12 11:22:58
There is no z number.  Bitcoin could be mined by a single ten year old mobile phone if you can somehow get it to talk to a full node.  As long as you've got something that can calculate hashes, it can mine.
The reason that you could theoretically mine everything on a single system is that the difficulty adjusts according to how much mining capacity there is.  The less miners, the lower the difficulty, and thus an average of one block every ten minutes regardless of how much power is thrown at it.  The difficulty level adjusts every 2016 blocks (approximately two weeks when everything's running smoothly) by looking at how long it took for those 2016 blocks to be mined and calculating the difference from "one block every ten minutes", then adjusting up or down accordingly.
This means there is however another number that's important which you haven't mentioned.  The difficulty drop percentage which would cause it to be unrealistic to wait for the next block (if any).  If half the miners turned off just after a difficulty adjustment, the next one wouldn't happen for around 4 weeks.  This would mean that blocks would take on average 20 minutes instead of 10 and it'd cause a lot of congestion on the network.  If 90% of the miners dropped off, it'd be 100 minutes per block for 20 weeks (nearly half a year) before the difficulty adjusted down appropriately.
This sounds potentially catastrophic for Bitcoin, however the reality would likely be much more complex since the slow blocks (indicating low global hash rate) would incentivise other miners to join in and start mining, pushing the hash rate up again.  It's hard to predict the ultimate outcome but it'd likely depend a lot on what caused the initial drop to begin with.
@_date: 2019-03-22 12:27:19
How on earth would it make sense for me to store my private key in something I leave lying around every time I sneeze, or a hair falls out, or you can find in the toilet after I've used it, or a million other things?
DNA is a terrible place to store secret information.
@_date: 2019-03-31 13:35:56
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:27:52


Alright, so a clear admission that you are terrible at human communication.  Congratulations.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:52:52
May well be, I'm not all that familiar with US law.  In many other places in the world, acceptance of a particular is mandated by the government though.
That's all aside from the point though, since I specifically said in my "taking it further" bit, even if it's just generally accepted, it's still an issue.
@_date: 2019-03-24 19:49:54
While technically true, are you really arguing that that is the thing that makes gold worth what it is?
Humans like shiny rocks.  Whether it's gold, silver, copper, or whatever else, we'll make jewellery out of it.  We tend to value gold jewellery more because it's quite hard to get and quite easy to work in to jewellery.  These aren't however important enough properties to considerably influence the value when placed side by side with other alternatives.
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:20:33


Agreed and agreed.  I never said it's easy to transition a society from one kind to another.  There will always be difficulties with it.  I'm describing it as a pre-existing state of being, not the "how to the get there".
I don't believe it's right to kick people off land that they own.  Nor do I believe it's right to force everyone to a society that doesn't use systems of social benefit just because one person happens to be living in the middle of it that disagrees when everyone else does want it.  Nor do I believe it's right to have a socialist system where people living within it can simply opt out.
And here we have a problem with transitioning in that direction, since if there is a group of people that want a socialist system and one person sitting in the middle of them disagrees, it's not possible to fulfil the above three beliefs - at least one of them has to be broken.


Here, I'll disagree.  I believe in objective morality under the given that "morality" is defined as "that which maximises wellbeing of sentient beings".  Betterment of society is therefore, "the most moral way to run a society" or - phrased differently - "that which comes closest to the maximisation of wellbeing for sentient beings".
I believe it is therefore an objective matter, even if we don't have all of the necessary information (and can possibly never have all of the necessary information) to make the most optimal choices.


I agree completely.


I disagree.  Pure capitalism is - to me - a system that sacrifices future value for current value and thus for a short time (perhaps a couple of centuries or more) can appear to be highly successful while overall generating a worse outcome in the long run.
I don't think however that socialism and capitalism are incompatible.  I believe it is possible to have aspects of capitalism within a socialist framework (and vice-versa as we see in many Scandinavian countries presently).
@_date: 2019-03-26 10:51:40
The article eventually gets around to talking about security, but spends most of it talking about profitability.
I feel like it's written from a correct understanding, but in a way that may lead to a horribly false one.  Something that should be clear to anyone who thinks about it for any amount of time is that mining being any more or any less than "just slightly profitable" is an anomaly that won't last long.
That is: If mining is very profitable, others join in up to the point that for another miner to join would no longer be profitable enough.  If mining loses money, miners will leave until the point that all remaining miners are profitable enough to continue.  It's a self-balancing system.
Of course there are anomalous points in time where it's "very profitable" or "not profitable at all" for all the current miners and there are various justifications for each such as ability to ramp up new hardware or expectations about the future, but these are just temporary situations and will be balanced out given enough time.
@_date: 2019-03-29 11:37:56
But that kind of market bubble is only possible in a debt-based economy since it relies on the ability to generate unlimited amounts of money in loans.  These kinds of debt-based economies are therefore only possible with unlimited supply.  And a Bitcoin economy (which by definition doesn't have unlimited supply) is therefore immune to these kinds of market bubbles.
(edit: And before anyone replies to make this point: I'm well aware that *other kinds* of bubbles can exist in an economy with fixed supply... so if you're going to argue, please only do so against what I said, not what I didn't say)
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:45:42
It really does make me a little sad when people are only able to view bitcoin as an investment.  I don't mind that people do use it as an investment.  I don't, but I don't mind that others do.  It just aggravates me when things are clearly worded in such a way as to show that the person creating it couldn't possibly imagine it being anything else.
If I lived in Russia and this law were to pass, I'd apparently need to be a "qualified investor" just to receive my monthly paycheque (which I use to spend on normal things like rent, food, and so on; not as an "investment").
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:07:52
And for anyone wanting the YouTube link: [
Note: I haven't watched the video at all, so can't say what it's actually about or whether it's worth watching at all.
To specifically: If you're going to post a link to a 45 minute YouTube video, at least give us a summary of what it's about.  I don't have the time to waste to watch every video posted just on the basis of someone I don't know saying that it's a great interview.  Maybe it is, but I - and many many others - won't know that because there's a thousand other videos also claiming to be worth our attention.  I'll take 20 seconds to read a summary of why it's worth watching and then decide.  Without that summary, nope, not wasting my time.
@_date: 2019-03-27 11:38:48
"predictable"... I don't think that word means what you think it means (or if so, then you have a very unusual outlook on the world)
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:56:44
You know what? I was using the internet before there were name servers and I'd continue using it without them.
Would things be a lot more annoying? Sure, but it'd still work and I'd still be able almost everything I do today.
Name servers are definitely an *extremely* useful service on the net, but control of them is by no means control of the net.
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:14:21


Any idea how much US cash is actually in Venezuela and not in the hands of the government though?  In my understanding it's quite low and import is extremely difficult.  The limited supply alone makes it likely to be quite disconnected from the actual value of a US dollar and also not nearly as liquid as most people would need.
I'm definitely quite "far outside" the situation though, so I'd love to hear a reply from someone with much more first-hand experience.
@_date: 2017-03-02 18:02:52
Each subsequent 5 would've been a but busy... [how about another 100 on top?](
@_date: 2017-03-04 07:12:25
Okay, that is true.  I am assuming the case that someone has both BTC and fiat money available.
I believe however that the majority of adults in the developed world are liquid enough in their finances to do so though.  If your argument about the 'reality for most people in the world' was that this isn't the case, I'd like to see statistics.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:38:23
"*failed states*" is probably a bit of a rough statement, but I'll agree they're not as well off as lot of other nations.
More noticeable is that they're immediately followed by Germany, which has its own history with hyperinflation and untrustworthy financial systems.
I am quite surprised by Ireland to be honest.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:09:34
Ummm... I'm not American and generally do consider myself quite socialist (e.g. "*I like paying taxes, with them I buy civilisation*"), so I'm not sure what the entire first half of your rant was about.
However, on to the second half:


That would require being able to both create and destroy money equally from everywhere simultaneously at a fine enough scale that your adjustments neither under- nor over-correct.  Additionally, it would have to either be prescient of market activity or be able to see all market activity in real-time.  No existing system is capable of any of that and therefore prices do not remain steady.


If I think it through a bit, then in the weird debt-based fiat system we have, I can kind of agree with you... but I think it's much easier to just get rid of that system and have more normal taxes (actually, much much simpler than what most places have right now) with a better underlying monetary system.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:33:19


I think this is mostly a factor of where you live.  Four years ago, there was no way I could get my main food source, power bill and occasional coffees and beers for bitcoin, but now I can (and do).
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:42:01
Depending on how you word it...  I'm certainly some kind of "all in".
I don't *invest* in Bitcoin, so zero percent of my *investment* is in it.
I do however use bitcoin as the only currency that I hold.  I hold zero fiat currency of any kind and either spend my bitcoin directly or via or bitcoin to fiat gateway (I pay bitcoin, merchant gets fiat).
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:27:13


Does it support batching?  Setting my own fees?  Lightning?  These are all parts of my daily use case.


Anything but Bitcoin is irrelevant to my use case.  Something that your infographic has overlooked perhaps?


Pot, meet kettle.  You didn't even begin to answer my point about actually backing your statements up with evidence or describing which wallets were actually evaluated.
@_date: 2019-03-29 20:57:30
Easy to claim; got any actual supporting evidence for that?
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:26:30
I'm torn between upvoting for a not terribly written bit of fiction, or downvoting for the horrible failures in logic that would lead to this really poor misunderstanding of economic principles.
So neither, just this comment.
@_date: 2019-03-09 06:16:35
You're all over the place and it's pretty hard to respond to you when you don't stick to a point.
1. Yes, I remember 2008.  I also remember several significant "crises" before that.  I'm not young.
2. I'm well aware that the exchange rate of bitcoin to euro would be massively affected by non European events such as the banning of - or even strict regulation of - bitcoin in the US.  I also don't care.  The "price" of bitcoin has nothing to do with why I'm interested in it.
3. Your grandma can use a VPN in Switzerland if we make it easy enough for her to do.  Right now, it's not.  But back in the mid-80s, I manually UUEncoded files to then insert to a manually opened SMTP connection on my mail server at just the right point during entry of the data-part of the message so that the recipient would have an attachment on their email.  These days, you either click the little button that looks like a paperclip or just drag-and-drop.
4. GDPR isn't a good thing.  It's authoritarian bullshit.  It's some relatively positive dumb-luck that it happens to be the exact opposite authoritarian bullshit as KYC and so we get a bit of a reprieve from both while the lawmakers argue it out, but you should never think of it as something that's "protecting" people in Europe.
@_date: 2019-03-22 11:49:35
While it's possible that they are scamming and therefore being vague, it's also possible (I'd even say "more likely") that they're under either a legal obligation or legal advice to remain silent about the details due to either an ongoing investigation or ongoing litigation.
@_date: 2019-03-20 16:17:29
Screenshots look pretty.  Unfortunately so far, no matter what I do, it just tells me I'm not connected to the internet when I try to either create or restore a wallet.  I've tried on both my home wifi and mobile 4G/LTE internet on my iPhone 8 Plus, iOS 12.1.4.
@_date: 2019-03-10 10:31:45


I don't own a Trezor, but from what I understand and have read/seen about it, the system shows a checksum of the firmware after installing it.  You can compare that with the checksum of the firmware you've got the source for and see if it matches.
However: This means there is a different part of the firmware responsible for showing the checksum.  From a quick google search, it seems this is hardcoded on the device and is not editable.  Therefore, if someone in the manufacturing line wanted to do so, they could in theory swap that part of the firmware out for one that shows the checksum you want to see rather than the one that it really generates.
That said, the logic for doing so is actually *really* complicated, so it wouldn't be an easy hack, even in the manufacturing line (and might not even be possible at all without adding a lot of cost to the device at the hacker's expense by upgrading the hardware capabilities!).
I'd say that Trezor's security model is therefore technically better than Ledger's in my personal evaluation.  However, also in my evaluation both are "safe enough" for trusting with significant amounts of my money and are close enough to equivalent that I wouldn't consider either to be "taking a bigger risk" over the other.  They're both secure within reason.
If I were a business dealing in huge amounts of money (like an exchange or similar), I probably wouldn't trust it, instead using purely offline generated private keys and manual processes involving multisig from a number of individuals that are additionally incentivised through other means not to conspire to commit theft.  That's a whole different ballgame than just securing your own money though.
Depending on your use case, it could make sense to do a simpler version of something "truly" offline though.  For example, if you want to just generate a private key, send some funds to it from time to time and *never* withdraw for a very long time (perhaps years); then something like the following wouldn't be totally out of the question:
1. A coin-flip generated private key
2. Pocket-calculator and paper generated public key
3. A long enough list of addresses generated from that public key that you don't need to re-use them (optional, but better)
The necessary mathematical/cryptographic functions to do all of this without ever touching a computer are described in [chapter 4 of Mastering Bitcoin by Andreas Antonopoulos](  You can also get a [physical copy]( if you prefer.
You also might want to consider generating it as a hierarchical deterministic (HD) wallet instead, in which case you don't just have a single private/public keypair, but instead generate multiple from the single "parent" key you made with the coin flips.  Details are in [BIP32](
If you do any of the above manual generation though (with or without things like BIP32), be sure to do it at least twice.  Each time before the last time being with a very small amount of money sent to a few different addresses from the list you made and then try actually retrieving it all by using the private key to sign a transaction sending that bitcoin somewhere else.  Once you're totally comfortable you'll be able to do this, you can store a larger amount of money and just not make any outgoing transactions.
You're going to one day want to do an outgoing transaction, which means you'll one day need access to the private key again.  The list of addresses can be kept as public as you like (although "too public" defeats the point in having multiple, since they help avoid anyone associating them as all being you).  The private key that you generated on the other hand should be stored somewhere **very** safe (possibly multiple copies).  What this means for you is probably more of a personal choice than anything.  For example, if you bury it in your back yard, it doesn't help much if your country gets involved in a war, bombs are dropping and you need to evacuate fast or even just the more mundane case of your landscaper (hey, you got rich and decided to spend a bit) coming across it while planting/removing/moving a tree.  Or maybe if you keep it in a bank vault on the other side of the world, it'll be very safe from almost everyone... except the bankers and governments who can force them to open the vault.  Doing both of these things means your chances of losing your private key gets close to zero (back-yard and foreign bank vault loss at the same time seems pretty unlikely) but it also means the chance of someone else accessing it is even higher.
You could also manually convert your private key(s) to a list of words (see [BIP39]( to reduce the chance of accidentally writing something down incorrectly since words are usually easier to spot mistakes in than long strings of digits or other characters.
There are companies that sell metal stamping kits specifically for backing up seed phrases (lists of words), avoiding risks of fire or other disasters destroying paper copies but generally any metal stamping kit would do the trick if you pay attention to things like the melting point of the metal, corrosion potential, and so on.
One thing you do **not** want to do is try to "roll your own security": adding extra things like your own special way of coding things further, or splitting the key up, or whatever else.  This greatly increases the chance of total loss and also can in many cases reduce the security significantly (splitting the private key up in to two pieces for example actually just means you've now got two places that someone could access it and it's **far** less work for them to crack with half a key than with no key at all; so the total security is generally considered much lower than not splitting it up).
(okay, this answer grew WAY longer than I was planning... I just kind of went off on a tangent... but I hope it was at least interesting even if everything after the fourth paragraph didn't really have all that much to do with your original question)
@_date: 2019-03-04 08:40:00
Ich muss es leider sagen, dass ich mir im Moment nicht vorstellen kann einen Maschinenbau Ingenieur zu benötigen.  Aber wer weiß?  Wenn ich zukünftig sowas im Sicht habe, schreibe ich dir gerne an :)
@_date: 2019-03-28 04:10:03
Okay sorry. I read your post totally backwards (as in, I thought you were claiming government controlled fiat currency to be predictable). 
@_date: 2019-03-29 10:51:49
They'd have to have an incentive to actually do this for you, so you also need to figure out how to pay them for the service they're offering (preferably in a way that no party can cheat the other; so something in the technical implementation, not just a paper contract that you owe them).
@_date: 2019-03-14 11:40:27
Agreed.  To add to that:
Even if the PoW itself isn't functionally similar in implementation, it is in underlying theory - it's "provably doing work" ("work" in the physics sense of energy being expended; or more generally: increasing entropy in the universe).
That means that in the long run, you'd have hardware manufacturers deciding to produce PoW hardware for "chain A" or "chain B".  While there may manufacturers that would for the "short term" (perhaps decades or centuries - I'm taking liberties with the phrase "short term") chose the less profitable chain, it would eventually be in their economic best interests to move over.  This can also happen with a "snowball" effect as the economic value smaller chains will rapidly approach zero once they get too small and people move away from them.
One is not only "all we need", it's also "all that makes sense" in the long run.
@_date: 2019-03-13 13:33:11


Definitely neither of these (if I had to pick one, it'd be Mycelium, but I'd still advise against it).
On iPhone, I personally use BitWallet and BlueWallet.  BitWallet has a terrible user interface but a good comprehensive set of features that I like.  BlueWallet is a good mobile Lightning Wallet but unless you can set up your own Lightning Node and their custom LNDHub software, it'll be custodial (they have control over your money, not you), so again it's not something I can recommend to someone who isn't very experienced.
On iPhone, I do really like the look of the wallet called "HODL" for beginners.  It seems really intuitive and easy to deal with, and I've heard nothing but good things about it so far.  I haven't actually used it myself other than installing it to take a look, so I can't say any more certain than that.
I don't own an Android device at the moment, so I haven't kept up with what the best Android wallets might be.  Samourai is by far the most well known for having a large number of high-security features, but while I'd like to recommend it for that reason alone, I don't know how user friendly it is and don't want someone losing their money due to an unintuitive UI or similar.
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:58:10
Agreed, but with the slight caveat that since there isn't a "close", you define a point in time.
@_date: 2019-03-19 15:20:24
Currently, I exchange it manually on the open market.  I get paid in euro and exchange it myself (as quickly as possible, which is generally around 2 to 3 hours using [bitcoin.de]( linked to my [Fidor.de]( bank account).
I have looked in to using [BitWage]( instead, but since my employer has said they'll be able to pay me directly in bitcoin soon, I'm just sticking with the current inconvenient process until they sort that out for me.  Hopefully that'll be either April or May.
@_date: 2019-03-13 16:24:01


This is a horribly weak argument.  Mostly because it's true on its surface but then ignores its own implications!
1. City: "Baker Street is 10.00km long"
2. Person: "I can walk Baker street in exactly 2 hours.  My walking speed is therefore 5km/hr"
3. Central Bank of Length: "We just added another 500km to the city's total, even though you didn't build any new streets"
4. City: "Baker Street is apparently now 10.02km long"
5. Person: "I can walk Baker street in exactly 2 hours.  My walking speed is therefore 5.01km/hr"
Money is indeed a way of measuring value.  And if you add more to it on a whim, you've suddenly made everyone measure the *same value* with a *different number*.
It's actually even worse than this since the CB can decide which streets get added to and which not by having control over the initial distribution of kilometres, causing a temporary effect of kilometres being measured differently in different parts of the city.
Breaking the analogy: money evens out over time (unlike streets), so eventually $1 in one part of the economy looks like $1 in another part, but during the disparity, those that had access to the new money first are given an unfair economic advantage over those who saw the effects of it last.
@_date: 2019-03-18 23:18:19
Sidechains can help, but they're not *needed*.  Second layer technologies like Lightning allow for massive scaling without a sidechain.
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:21:53
I don't believe that  has anything to do with capitalism or socialism, just the recognition of human rights.
The second is indeed compatible with capitalism, I never said otherwise.
@_date: 2019-03-12 16:24:14
Look we've been in long pointless discussions/arguments before... do you really want to do that again?
Cocaine is a drug.  Yeah, you don't like drugs.  I get it.  But you also know next to nothing about them, so you're arguing from a place of ignorance.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:36:20


Whichever one the miner decides to include, which is *probably* the highest sat/b one but isn't required to be \*
@_date: 2019-03-04 08:34:15
If you mean: "are you in charge of hiring decisions?": For my department, yes, I am.
If you mean: "are you currently hiring?": Not currently; but if you're either a good software developer or good systems architect with knowledge and experience in the blockchain space plus are willing to relocate to Germany (good overall package, including partial relocation expenses), drop me a private message and I'll be happy to keep your contact details on file.  Any time we don't have to pay recruitment agency fees is a good thing in my book.
@_date: 2019-03-12 21:21:34


Agreed. That’s why I no longer hold any fiat, only bitcoin. 


Hmmm, that turned around fast. 
Why do you think bitcoin fits the definition of a pyramid scheme?


With terrible spelling, grammar, and etiquette. You also don’t seem to know what bitcoin is (since you called it a pyramid scheme) and therefore any conclusions based on that false premise must be thrown out (or did you not learn formal logic while doing your masters degree?). 
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:34:46


Sure, I’m fine with that. I don’t believe nation-states as they exist today are a sensible approach in the slightest. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 05:57:20
I don't think there's many who argue against potential block size increases in the long term, but caution dictates that SegWit *NOW* and some conservative block size increases *later* is far preferable.
It's even worse when arguing about BU specifically due to their many changes beyond the block size increase.  It's quite simply too much of an unknown in terms of both the economic behaviours and the code quality.
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:25:00
You didn't, but you stated it as a basic fact with no nuance.
If I said, "if there's food in my cat's bowl, he'll eat it", you'd infer from that that my cat is the kind of cat that devours all of his food immediately and never leaves any behind.  If you then pointed out that my cat was ignoring his half-eaten bowl and I said, "*tell me where I said always*", you'd rightly accuse me of weaseling out of my statement.
This is no different.  You said, "*money changing hands facilitates growth*".  Without further context or nuance, the "always" is implicit.
@_date: 2019-03-26 15:58:13


That's just an indication that what you think is "in this space" really isn't.
The term "cryptocurrency" is essentially meaningless in the way it's used the vast majority of the time.  In reality, there is no reasonable way to use it that includes the many different kinds of tokens that people use it to mean but excludes airline miles and store reward points.
@_date: 2019-03-10 10:58:58
The problem is that it's a metaphor that is based on a worldview not shared by the vast majority of people.  To many people outside of the US, the "pledge of allegiance" always sounds like it comes out of some kind of dystopian society more akin with communist East Germany or the fascist state described in the comic/movie "V for Vendetta" than something freeing and liberating.
The very idea of pledging allegiance to anything is the antithesis of freedom.  You can absolutely give you allegiance to causes and ideas that you agree with, but you can also absolutely revoke that allegiance at any time the moment that others within the movement make it something that you disagree with.
Flags as representations of countries are fine as identifiers, but treating it as something worth revering and pledging allegiance to is even more insane than revering and pledging allegiance to the thing it represents.  It's just a visual design that helps you identify something.  Useful, but not sacred.
I have never pledged allegiance to any country, person, company, object, movement, or other kind of entity, nor will I ever.  I honestly feel sorry for those who feel that this is somehow a "good" thing to do.
@_date: 2019-03-09 17:19:39
While I do prefer open source in general, you have to be aware it's not an automatic solution to the problem of malicious actors adding things to the firmware.  Malicious code can be hidden from basic reading of the code; updates can be made to be different binaries than the publicly available code; and much more.
I think Ledger themselves answered these concerns very well in [this article](  I'm not sure I can really add much more to that.
@_date: 2019-11-18 15:06:08
So... exactly what you're doing then?
@_date: 2017-03-17 11:45:59
If you're an American living in Germany, then I think so, yeah. I'm not German either - I'm a New Zealander and they accepted me.  If you're living somewhere else, no idea.  You could ask...
@_date: 2019-03-21 10:54:51
Thoughts: If someone chooses to do that, fine by me.  I would find it generally helpful, but it's not significant enough to warrant any kind of formalisation or standardisation.  If enough people want to do it, it'd become defacto standard; if not, then not.
@_date: 2019-03-29 10:44:09


Shouldn't we realistically expect this to be within the next decade rather than next couple of decades?  Right now, it seems tx fees account for around 1 to 2 percent of the total reward that miners get (i.e. 0.1 to 0.3 BTC) and based on only that, we wouldn't hit parity until around 2040 or later.
* Halvings alter the supply/demand pressure, generally leading to increased value
* Increased value is usually correlated with further increases in demand until a breaking point is hit (which is why we get the economic patterns of huge run-ups followed by crashes we've seen in the past)
* Increased demand generally increases adoption
* Increased adoption leads to higher on-chain fees due to fee pressure on transactions
   * Offchain transactions may decrease this somewhat, but the demand for prompt settlement is often high when that settlement covers a large number of and/or large values of offchain transactions.
While none of this is certain at all, it seems these assumptions (which are reasonable enough from my perspective) would put pressure in the direction of higher absolute values for fees, meaning that miners are hitting parity much sooner than they would with the current absolute fee values.
We can also see that historically speaking, we're in a "low fee" period at the moment and have been since the last big run-up ended.  From mid-2015 until early-2018, the fees (in satoshis) were consistently higher than they've been since then.
@_date: 2017-03-17 08:45:10
I care very much about bitcoin and have not insignificant holdings.  I am not ignoring issues, simply focusing my attention on things that I perceive as being more important.  I would love to see much lower fees, but not at the expense of more important concerns.
@_date: 2019-03-25 15:18:14


1. Sidechains are blockchains.  LN is not a blockchain.
2. Sidechains have their own tokens.  LN doesn't have an own token, instead it allows you to update a valid onchain transaction between two parties without submitting that transaction on-chain (yet).
3. Sidechains have their own security mechanism to ensure the transactions on them are valid.  LN relies on the security of the underlying Bitcoin blockchain.
LN is a layer on top of Bitcoin (and other blockchains if you so choose), not a sidechain.
@_date: 2017-03-14 06:07:54
If it were interest free debts you're talking about sure, but generally interest is charged on debts that dwarfs inflation by a significant degree.
Thankfully, I'm one of the lucky ones in life that is currently debt free and doing okay.  I'm not rich by any stretch of the imagination, but definitely comfortable.  I know what it's like though to have been poor (by the way "borrow money for home and car" isn't really poor - that's someone who HAS a home and car) and I find there is often a huge misunderstanding of what it's like by those who have never been there.
@_date: 2019-03-08 10:58:13


Yes, but not exactly as you're imagining.  It doesn't have access to the private key directly - it has access to perform functions with the private key.  That is, the app can say, "hey Ledger firmware, please sign this transaction" or similar, but can't just say, "give me the key".
It might - in theory - be possible that a clever app could be written that would abuse this in some way to reverse the private key back out of the allowed functionality by passing in the right kind of data and examining the output.  This would mean that the Ledger firmware developers allowed something they really shouldn't and their cryptographers/mathematicians screwed up somewhere (disclaimer: I've never actually looked at what calls can and can't be made for performing functions, but I assume it's extremely limited for exactly this reason).  In general though, you can assume that if it were *easily* possible, someone would have either done it or notified Ledger about it to fix it.  So realistically right now, you can assume that it's either *not easy* or it's *not possible*.
@_date: 2019-03-11 14:50:42
If you're only writing the occasional document, obfuscating your writing style isn't too much work.  Doing it everywhere consistently, like code comments, formal documentation (whitepaper), and quick off-the-cuff mailing list replies is extremely difficult and you're quite likely to mess up at some point unless you're extremely disciplined.
I'd be tempted to say that Satoshi's writing style was "natural" to him for this reason alone.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:22:22
Except that the thing they're creating is both *intended* and indeed *mandated* as the lawful unit of exchange in a given area.  If Picasso's paintings were required to be accepted as legal tender, I would indeed feel differently about him producing more (especially if his cost to do so were negligible in comparison to the value).
Actually, taking it further: even if his paintings weren't *required to be accepted* but were *generally accepted* as legal tender, I'd probably still have a problem with him painting more.
I am in favour of commodity money, but I don't think that all commodities have equal footing.  Not everyone can "use" one of Picasso's paintings.  Everyone in the US can "use" a US dollar.
@_date: 2019-11-21 07:37:38
That'd be an expensive breakfast!
1 BTC = 100000000 satoshi
* 1 satoshi = 0.00000001 BTC
* 50k satoshi = 50000 satoshi = 0.0005 BTC
Pricing things in tiny fractions of BTC is far too inconvenient.  I used mBTC for a while (1 mBTC = 0.001 BTC = 100k sat), but since the fundamental base unit of Bitcoin is the satoshi (sat), it made more sense to just stop using decimal places at all and instead work in multiples of the base unit.  Mostly, I tend to measure things in "k sat" (thousands of satoshis) because anything under 1k sat is pretty much a rounding error right now; but that will change as the value increases over time.
@_date: 2019-03-13 16:13:16












You could do any of these things... and then forget the code or how the poem relates to the words specifically.  Basically, it's no better than just remembering the words directly.


Correct: you can derive public key (or keys in the case of HD) from the private key.  But I still think it's a bad idea.
@_date: 2019-03-13 15:34:56
I'm not really sure it's "weird", but the most unexpected place so far was a lapel-pin of a girl working the bar in a hotel in the Czech Republic.
I asked her, and she said that while the hotel bar doesn't take BTC, she'll happily do so (up to certain limits) and pay the bar tab herself in Czech Crowns.  It's her way of getting rid of her fiat for bitcoin without paying any fees.
@_date: 2019-03-04 09:08:00
Mid 80s, Invercargill.
It truly does seem to be global and quite old.
@_date: 2019-03-09 05:03:58
I think you need to be careful with terminology here.
"Firmware" is the hardcoded and generally unchanging software that is stored on the device in some non-volatile memory.  The private key is not stored "in the firmware", but it is stored in some non-volatile memory that only the firmware can access.  "Apps" are also stored in non-volatile memory, but are more like software than firmware, since they can be added, deleted, and changed quite freely.
The non-volatile memory isn't just some big block of memory that any code can access.  The design of the system is such that only certain bits of memory can be accessed by certain things.  I don't know if Ledger use separate physical non-volatile memory for different things; they might, but I don't work there, I'm just a customer and also never actually looked that deeply in to it.  Regardless though, the bit where the private key is stored is not accessible directly by an app.  Instead, the app has to ask the firmware to perform a function using the private key and return the result of that function.
Maybe I could ask or another of their colleagues from Ledger to give a more official answer?  I'm mostly answering from the general principle of how systems like this are designed rather than anything specific to Ledger's devices.
@_date: 2019-03-13 15:26:18


Why worry?  Unless you think it's not going up again after that?
Anyway: stop worrying how much USD or other fiat it's worth and start thinking about how much time/work/goods/services it's worth.  If at some point 1 BTC is a $1000000 but that is only enough to buy a single McDonalds Cheeseburger, then you may be able to get a lot more dollars for your BTC than right now, but it's not what you actually care about and you've definitely lost value.  When 1 BTC is enough for a single person to live reasonably comfortably for an average lifetime, I doubt you or the majority of other people will even care how many dollars it could be traded for.
@_date: 2019-03-25 04:55:24
Earning it directly is best.  Talk to your employer!
@_date: 2019-03-21 11:30:11
I agree purely from how I feel about it, which is why I don’t think it’d catch on (I think the majority of people would also dislike it). 
But I do nevertheless think that you could objectively prove that it’s more visually distinct and “easier to pick out of a long list” than ASCII addresses. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:38:14
Why "not right now" out of interest?
I do use my bitcoin whenever I can for the social network effects of people seeing it being used.  Whenever I do, I immediately (or sometimes even beforehand) replenish the BTC from fiat, so in the end it's really no different than having spent fiat other than a bit more hassle for me which I'm willing to do to promote bitcoin in the eyes of those around me.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:34:14
1. Pretty much all non-custodial wallets don't require personal info.
2. BRD is an "okay" wallet, but is missing many useful features and has additional support for shitcoins that most people here don't want cluttering up their app.  For a simple wallet app on iOS, I'd recommend HODL.  For a more full-featured wallet app, I'd recommend either BitWallet or GreenAddress.
3. Dark net Market Vendors don't generally care if the bitcoin is "traceable" or not.  Why do they care if their customers get caught for being stupid?  Also, they can't STOP you sending a transaction to them...
4. Conflating bitcoin users with dark net Market users is simply wrong.  Unless you're accusing my seven year old daughter of buying illegal drugs?
5. You didn't show anyone how to have "clean and untraceable bitcoin", you showed a screenshot of the app store view of a well-known wallet app.  You stated (correctly) that if the incoming bitcoin are clean and untraceable, then the outgoing will as well, but this wallet will do nothing to hide the source of the coins if you - for example - sent them from a KYC exchange to it and then to a dark net vendor.
@_date: 2019-03-29 12:18:43
What you're not considering is the effects of change in supply alongside the implications of paying for something with savings vs getting a loan for something.
First up, the supply side:
Imagine we live in a world where we've mined all gold out of the ground.  If a market declares a house to be worth 10kg of gold, then demand for houses over time may push that up or down.  It could easily go to 5kg or to 20kg.  You can even imagine scenarios where it goes to 100kg.
However, if we then developed our technology to the point that we could mine asteroids and doubled the amount of gold available to the market, the house would obviously be worth half of what it was in terms of gold and all the gold I had saved would also be worth half as much.  I'd make about twice as much gold in my regular income, so buying a house outright wouldn't actually be affected except for the influence on what I'd been saving up to do so.  I wouldn't need to save twice as long or find a house to be twice as expensive in terms of work-performed for income; just that what I'd saved from past work-performed suddenly became less (this is what encourages frivolous spending over saving in our inflationary economy, which some economists describe as being a positive thing because it keeps producers producing, but that's just a broken-window-fallacy dressed up to look a bit different).
That - in itself - is really pretty bad, but still not the main problem with regards to market bubbles.  So, on to the loan side:
Loans are the method by which money is created in an unlimited supply debt based system (like the ones we have with USD, EUR, and similar).  Loans aren't generally just given for nothing though.  Large loans are given almost exclusively against collateral; usually the thing that the loan is being used to buy.  This means that the price of a house suddenly becomes irrelevant to the purchaser - what they actually care about is the price of the loan since that's what they're paying off.
As more loans are created, the currency supply increases, devaluing it in the process as with the above gold example.  This means that the price of houses must increase at least the same amount, but generally more since profits are still desired by all people involved.  Since this doesn't actually stop people buying houses (since the price of the loan is what they care about and their expected future income is scaled along with the inflation), it grows to a vicious feedback loop that just inflates the house prices even more until that market is so out of proportion with the rest of the economy (which is inflating due to the new supply, but not as much as the price of houses).
If all people had all information, this wouldn't happen since it's clear from this view that the purchaser's income won't actually increase along with the housing prices since that's not actually a real indicator of the overall economic inflation as they assumed.  People however are generally not all that aware and can be manipulated by bankers telling them what they want to hear in order to get in to their brand new home.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:48:36


Oddly enough, this is the *exact* reason I don't sell stuff on eBay...  Why the hell should the buyer get preferential treatment over the seller?
@_date: 2019-03-13 05:09:24
Do you honestly think that just because Bloomberg report something that Bank of America said, it's automatically fact?
It's a fact that Bloomberg reported that Bank of America said it.  It's probably a fact that Bank of America said it.  There's no evidence provided *anywhere* that what Bank of America said is a fact.
@_date: 2019-03-09 06:20:53
In all honesty: go elsewhere for investment advice if that's what you're really after.  Many people here in this subreddit (myself included when I'm in a bad mood) are quite hostile to those who only see bitcoin as an investment rather than a new (and better) form of money.  There are still quite a few people here who talk about investment, but from the quality of their posts, you'd probably end up quite poor listening to them.
That said: I do invite you to stick around here and learn why bitcoin is *really* interesting rather than just as an investment.  already gave you the link to Jameson Lopp's site, and I'd definitely back that up as being a great place to start.
@_date: 2019-03-09 06:33:51


I wouldn't expect her to.  But I would expect a typical grandma in a modern western nation to be able to send a file attachment on an email today.  What I was pointing out was that in the mid 80s, it was quite a technical feat and now its not.  The same will be true of any other technologies that have social pressure towards mass adoption.


It *is* about data protection and privacy.  But enforcing behaviours and fines on people for breach of how you handle data that other people willingly gave you is not the right way to go about that sort of thing.  It's like if I said to you, "Hi, My name is Dale and I'm 39 years old" and then after you introduce me to a friend along with my age, I slap a massive lawsuit on you for passing on personal data without permission (yes, that's a made up example and isn't actually covered by the GDPR, but I'm simplifying it for clarity).
In general, laws should be kept to an absolute minimum because they restrict what people can do, thereby fundamentally limiting our natural freedom.  What those minimums are is an arguable point, but I think that's the argument that we should be having rather than continuously adding *more* laws in a vain attempt to somehow come out the other end with a paradoxical concept of a "free society" where everything you do is strictly controlled and monitored to the point that you have no freedom at all.
@_date: 2019-11-30 17:08:34
Did they give you a transaction ID?  Screenshots don't mean anything.  They can be faked; they can be misleading; they just don't represent anything real.
With a Bitcoin transaction ID, you can verify the status of the transaction yourself.  You don't need to believe or trust anyone else.
Also: Technically correct would be "they asked Coinbase to send the bitcoin" rather than saying they sent it through Coinbase.  If your friend thinks they own bitcoin, but only have it on a custodial account, they don't own bitcoin; they have an IOU from a company that may or may not honour it on request.
@_date: 2019-11-22 22:51:38


This is confusing the technical concept of a "Bitcoin Transaction" (a ledger entry written to the chain) with a "transaction" (a transfer of value between two parties).
The former can be roughly measured in a per-second basis (7 tps is one such measurement) although it varies by the number of inputs and outputs on each Bitcoin Transaction as well as details such as whether there is any scripting involved or whether the witness data has been segregated.
The latter is a more abstract concept and can be anywhere from one-to-one or millions-to-one when compared to Bitcoin Transactions.


This is based on a misunderstanding of Lightning channel management, making gross assumptions about the worst possible behaviour instead of economically sensible behaviour.


Meaningless question.  It can scale.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:50:38
The argument could be said to be technically true, but irrelevant.
Fiat money is created out of thin air as numbers in a database (or occasionally as freshly printed cash/minted coins), but only enters the economy as debt (by being loaned, and therefore creating a debt).  Until it enters the economy, it doesn't influence the economy, and the creation of it (especially the purely digital database kind) can hardly be said to actually exist until such time as it is loaned.
So really, while there is a way to look at it that the money isn't "created as debt", even with that view it doesn't begin having any influence on anything until it is debt; so it's *functionally equivalent* to being created as debt (which is really just an easier way to look at it).
@_date: 2019-03-19 22:09:56
[Here]( the author himself presenting this book at a conference in Austria (don't worry about the German at the start, he presents in English: starting at 4m48s).
@_date: 2019-03-29 08:55:38
That's exactly what I mean by a custom front-end software (that doesn't exist yet as far as I know and therefore someone really should make).
The waiter wouldn't have access to Spark wallet, instead just using that front-end app.  The app would let them select what the customer bought, maybe allow for a tip to be typed in (depending on the country/customs/preferences), and generate an invoice.
But the app wouldn't be a wallet itself - it would talk to the real wallet running on the server/PC that only the manager and other trusted employees have access to.  That back-end system is where the invoice (QR code) would be generated (as well as all communication happening on the Lightning network).  The app that the waiter is using would purely be a display for letting them select the appropriate things to generate an invoice and then show it to the customer.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:15:21
There is likely a big difference between, "what people use it for" and "what people would like to use it for".
I believe strongly in the idea that it should be usable like digital cash.  I do use it this way at the moment at the few places I can (there's a couple of cafes near me that I can buy coffee for bitcoin), but those uses are few and far between, so my usage doesn't really LOOK like I care too much about that aspect.
Note that I also do completely understand that this kind of usage isn't realistic on-chain at all and I am therefore strongly in favour of segwit and layer 2 networks.
@_date: 2019-03-09 17:09:33
My first practical use was, yes.
My very first encounter with bitcoin was mining four blocks on my own (at 50BTC per block) way before the concept of a pool was really even necessary.  I then decided it was a bad idea to run my computer that hot for useless internet tokens and deleted the client, along with the private keys.  So I can account for the unavailability of at least 200BTC of those early Bitcoin-client self-mined coins (which probably get lumped in to the "million" that is attributed to Satoshi... I think he really mined quite a lot less than that - I'm far from the only one with a story like this).
It was somewhat around (or maybe slightly over) a year later when I first bought illicit substances from Silk Road using BTC that I bought on MtGox.  I still didn't really spend much time thinking about it and didn't think of it as much of anything other than "a useful and pretty-much-anonymous internet currency".  I actually saw Silk Road as the greater innovation at the time.  It appealed to me not just as a place to buy illegal drugs, but as a social experiment in an internet marketplace with true freedom.  Essentially, the next evolution of black markets where we might start to apply systems seen in other online markets like webs of trust, vendor rankings, and other similar models.  I even started planning a dark net market of my own with a number of these kinds of innovative features (some of which are now standard, but others which still don't exist anywhere), but never actually went through with it (I'm a husband and father, and don't want to put those risks on my family).
It was over two years later than that when I first started to really understand the potential of Bitcoin and what it could eventually mean for the world in terms of a complete upheaval of global economic (and therefore political) systems.  I'd still like to see more innovation in the dark net market space, but I do realise now I had it completely backwards to consider that to be the technological step to get excited about.  I had just never stopped to consider before what the ramifications of Bitcoin really could be until I started reading a lot more of the *non*technical discussion around it.
@_date: 2019-03-07 15:36:45


Or he might be spending his time playing with his children, enjoying beautiful sunsets and scenery, watching great movies, making love to beautiful people that he loves, and a multitude of other things.
There's more to life than money.  If you think every moment spent not making money is "wasted", I *truly* pity you.
@_date: 2019-03-22 12:25:55
Until a decision maker at Paypal decides otherwise...
@_date: 2019-11-18 14:46:44
While that wouldn't make sense either (since he claimed to have started working on it in 2017, which there's no good reason to disbelieve); claiming that that insane story you linked to is "closer to the truth" is laughable.
Satoshi was a cypherpunk.  He referenced a lot of other cypherpunk works and released the whitepaper on a cypherpunk mailing list.  His motivations probably weren't directly the 2008 financial crisis, but the litany of crises and problems with fiat money before then and the knowledge that many more would be coming after.
If Bitcoin were simply intended as a payment system for online casinos, it's *massively* over-engineered.  There is zero plausible evidence for that position and a plethora of evidence against it.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:51:36


To me, the important part is whether I need to *hold* fiat currency or not.  I don't care if the merchant gets fiat via their payment processor or the bitcoin that I sent, as long as I don't need to expose myself to the fiat, I'm fine with it.
@_date: 2019-11-03 14:01:25
If you're looking for further cool stuff you could do for the visualisation, here's some random ideas I had while playing with it:
1. Transaction/Block Data representation:
   1. Representing "probable" second layer related activity.  For example, the opening and closing transactions of standard two party Lightning Network channels is relatively identifiable and may be represented by Lightning bolt symbols on the ball.
   2. Relatedly, other multisig transactions could be represented by other symbols (not sure what; but perhaps something like pens coming together in a star formation, one pen for each signature?)
   3. Identifying and visualising transactions with known addresses.  For example:
      1. Any time someone "burns" some coins by sending them to 1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE, the ball could look like a PacMan eating something; other known burn addresses may have different imagery; or all burn addresses may be generic, such as a "burning" ball.
      2. Transactions to/from known Exchange addresses (or especially between known exchange addresses) could be visualised with imagery on the ball.
   4. Representing age of (oldest) inputs with texture on the ball (e.g. smoother = younger; rougher = older).
   5. Representing output address type(s) with ball shininess (e.g. P2PKH is less shiny than P2SH, which is less shiny than P2WPKH)
   6. Identifying pool/miner that found the block by adding imagery/colouring to the block.
   7. Identifying 'special' OP\_RETURN transactions with other (platonic solid) shapes for the balls; e.g. Veriblock transactions might be dodecahedrons, while Omni transactions might be icosahedrons.  Unknown 'special' transactions might be octahedrons.  Note that giving them slightly rounded edges instead of being pure platonic solids might help for getting them to roll off the platform when hit by other falling objects.
2. Interaction:
   1. Ability to move a ball/block with the mouse, after which it becomes fixed in place and no longer affected by the physics engine until released again (fun building structures; but also nice for keeping interesting transactions around on the interface before they fall away).
   2. Ability to switch units in detail display (I'd rather see things listed in satoshis than fractions of a BTC).
   3. Ability to filter transactions, so only some transactions actually get displayed:
      1. Size is the most obvious; e.g. user chooses filter out everything below 100k sat.
   4. Ability to change platform shape/size; I would personally for example like a circular platform about two to three times the size of the current one, so that more transactions are on it at any given time before falling off.
Basically, my thoughts are all towards the idea that I'd like to have something like this running at all times on a spare monitor somewhere, but actually have it be somewhat useful for getting a sense of "what's going on at the moment on the network" and not just a bit of random fun.
@_date: 2019-03-13 19:20:42


Just so you don't get the wrong idea, I only *hold* bitcoin.  I do *spend* fiat (as little as possible, but it's absolutely true that you can't get everything you want/need with Bitcoin).
These are some things I pay or paid in Bitcoin directly:
* Rent (agreement with landlord)
* My car (second hand from dealership; guy working there was willing to do it for me even though they don't officially accept it)
* Somewhere between 90% and 95% of my groceries (small store in the village I live in accepts it)
* Many many online things (VPN, some gaming stuff, various apps)
* Coffee/drinks/bar food (one bar in the next big town over)
* Food shakes ([
* Travel (used CheapAir last time; there are more)
* Illegal drugs (from dark net markets)
A few things, I pay indirectly by buying vouchers, gift cards or similar and then using those.  Mostly via [
Almost everything else, I pay for using an Australian credit card that I then pay off using Bitcoin via [ \- this avoids me having to actually hold any fiat currency (note that I don't live in Australia; but that doesn't really matter - the merchant gets euro, the card bill is listed in Aussie dollars, and I pay it off in Bitcoin).
There are a small number of things I haven't sorted out yet, such as:
* Kids' private school (refusing to accept anything but bank transfer)
* Gas/Electricity/Water bills (used to be okay until I moved to a different city with a different provider)
For these, I have automatic payments that go out of a bank account that otherwise sits on zero.  The day before the payments go out, I exchange just enough bitcoin to euro in to that account to cover the payments.
I should have the school sorted out by next school year unless we move city again (this is actually possible... my wife, kids, and I are all not really very happy with a lot of things here).  Of course, in a new city and a new school, who knows?  Maybe it'll be easier.
I'm not sure right now what to do about the bills unless I can convince my landlord to cover them, put the rent up accordingly, and then do a yearly adjustment payment (in either direction) according to any difference.  I used to do this with a previous landlord before I lived on bitcoin, so it could be possible.


Honestly, drop me a PM with any skills you have to offer and I'll let you know if I've got anything for you to do.  My day job kind of sucks (one of the reasons I might be moving at some point) and so I've got quite a few small side-projects going on right now.  Mostly development related, but who knows - maybe you're a good graphic designer or something and one of my projects might need that at some point.
@_date: 2019-03-13 16:09:59




*Negative consumerism* \- the purchasing of unwanted goods and services to avoid loss of value through monetary inflation - would be reduced to essentially zero.
*Positive consumerism* \- the purchasing of wanted (but not strictly needed) goods and services because you would rather enjoy life than be miserable - may be slightly reduced, but not significantly.
Positive consumerism would be significantly reduced were there to be significant deflation, but since we're talking about Bitcoin here (despite not having said it directly), there isn't significant deflation.  In fact, it's currently inflationary and will remain that way for the next hundred and twenty years or so, at which point it'll become flat (or microscopically deflationary through loss of coins).
If the economy grows, the currency will *feel* deflationary as the quantity of it remains stable while the total economic value grows.  However, any pressure this puts on consumerism will cause that part of the economy to reduce again until such point as the currency *feels* stable again.  The reverse is true in case of a reduction in total economic activity - the currency will *feel* inflationary and consumerism will increase to the point of stability.
The overall effect of this is a more stable economy in general, but importantly, *needs* are never unmet by choice and *positive consumerism* has a lower bound since no one willingly chooses a life of misery if they have a choice.
At first glance, this makes it look like positive consumerism will reduce to this lower bound and stay there as the economy grows. However that's a naïve view, since at no point have we described *why* the economy is growing or shrinking yet.  Growth of the economy in a system based on a fixed supply currency means growth of actual value.  Value isn't just "monetary value" but quite directly and literally "that which people value".  People value being happy and healthy over unhappy and/or unhealthy.  Therefore economic growth in this system quite directly and literally means "growth of happiness and health" (or growth of number of people; but I'm leaving that aside since a similar balancing act happens and I don't want to complicate the reply that much).  This growth of happiness and health is *exactly* what positive consumerism purchases are: things that people want, but don't necessarily need.  They want them, which means they value them.
@_date: 2019-03-31 12:49:38


So, you actually believe that a glazier hiring a kid to break windows stimulates economic growth?  More money will change hands than if he didn't after all.
@_date: 2019-11-04 04:52:20
Last time I did it, I think I used this one: [
It probably doesn't really matter as long as it's segwit compatible (which the vanitygen you linked isn't) and you can check the code that it's not doing something dodgy like generating keys without proper randomness (which would mean that the author might already have the private keys you generate).
@_date: 2017-03-17 06:05:19
Not the parent comment, but to be clear: being a coder isn't enough.  I'm a coder - and a pretty good one if I do say so myself - but I don't have a clue how to design a dynamic block size that can't be gamed by miners.
My feeling is that it probably can't be done, but I also thought that there'd be no way to do side-chains safely and was proved wrong when Lightning was described, so I'd be happy for someone to prove me wrong there too.
The expertise/knowledge required to do these things well is more along the lines of a combination of computer science, game theory, and economic theory.  Some people may just be good at one or two of those and get lucky so their solution is borne out from analysis by others with the remaining skills, but at some point all skills are necessary to really be sure.
@_date: 2019-11-04 05:27:08
While the potential for this is definitely a concern, I don't think there's any evidence of it actually happening as yet.
If you have actual evidence, I think everyone would appreciate you posting it here.
@_date: 2019-11-21 11:44:26
For me: ideology, but as mentioned it's only because I have kids.  If this technology had existed 20 years ago and you'd asked me then, I would've taken the wealth without question.
In that hypothetical, I'd still be unhappy that it didn't pan out, because I would still believe in the ideology, but the personal riches would've been enough for me to forego it (also, I was far more of a selfish prick back then than I am now).
@_date: 2019-11-06 04:34:37


For what exactly?
@_date: 2019-03-11 05:00:24


Why would I have fiat?


Why hold any of the worse thing?
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:34:06
The nice thing about it being open source is that we do have that chance; and we take it.
Bitcoin *is* a combination of what it used to be with the best ideas that have come along since.  New technologies are being added all the time, and Bitcoin will continue to improve.
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:58:24
Correction: You can donate to Wikimedia using Bitcoin via a well-known evil payment processor that will simultaneously overcharge you and give Wikimedia less than you intended to give them.
If you want to donate to Wikimedia, do so via other means until they drop BitPay as a middleman.
@_date: 2019-03-24 12:07:01


Close to zero.  We use gold because the alternatives are often more expensive.  If gold were rarer and therefore more expensive, we'd switch to the alternatives.  I can't think of a single thing we use gold for where we couldn't use something else instead.


Why?  Why wouldn't we just keep using it with smaller fractions?  It's digital and therefore infinitely divisible (currently divisible down to one satoshi on-chain, and further off-chain; but could be more divisible on-chain if we all collectively agree that it makes sense to do so).
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:42:20
The PDF link appears to be a link to a file on your Windows Desktop.
@_date: 2019-11-08 15:54:24


Please don't get socialists and statists confused... there are [libertarian socialists]( and we love Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-04 12:36:54
Your Google Drive link requires that I request access.  I've now done so.
@_date: 2019-03-21 05:02:35
The concern starts off with an impossible scenario:


Followed by a false assumption:


Neither of these is substantiated in any way and so without someone actually explaining the rationale behind them, I don't see any point in entertaining this hypothetical.
@_date: 2019-11-04 04:47:38
I'm 40, have a wife and two kids, and all of my liquid money is in Bitcoin.  I hold zero fiat of any kind.
I do have other investments, although not a lot, and only things that are actually practical to me (for example, real estate that I intend to retire in one day).
I don't expect the complete collapse of our current economic structures by the time you're done with school, but I also don't think you're wrong that it could well happen before you reach retirement age.  I don't think you're being unreasonable with your decision at all.
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:29:10


I completely agree with this and the points you make to back it up.


While this is true for the base layer, it's not necessarily true for second layer (if you're altering the base layer for the second layer, that's another story; but it's still the base layer change that's hard to roll back).
If someone were to create something that fulfilled the same role as LN and fit the three properties you describe, it could be a very interesting technology to look at.  It wouldn't interfere with technical development of Lightning and good ideas could be shared in both directions.  Ultimately, I wouldn't expect competing payment networks to survive - only one would come out on top - but the competition would spur improvement in the technology overall.
@_date: 2019-11-11 20:05:18
Then you'd have access to someone else's wallet.  It might have a lot in it, it might not.
It's a pointless thing to think about though.  You've got FAR better chances dreaming about winning the lottery.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:37:39
Of course not.  They didn't create it.  It was always there.  The fact that it wasn't accounted for is just normal market behaviour but it's not theft.  If they could *then choose to create more at any time they want* **then** yes, I would call them a thief.
@_date: 2019-03-09 16:52:48
Where did I call myself an expert on anything other than LSD?
Not that I have any *need* to explain to you, but since you seem to be curious:
* I used to be a semi-decent coder, but haven't written anything beyond tests and proofs-of-concepts in ages.
* I did a machine learning course once and understand the basics as well as the general theory behind things like neural networks.  I've never worked in the field and there's a huge amount I definitely don't know.  I'm therefore *very* far from being an AI expert.
* I've got formal qualifications in physics, so I'm probably a step above most when it comes to quantum computing just by virtue of knowing some of the relevant physics and some of the relevant computing.  Practical experience however is also pretty much zero (like AI), so I'd also never dare call myself an expert in that lest a real expert come along and show just how much I really don't know.
* I'm not enough of a mathematician to even come close to calling myself a cryptographer.  I can follow along most of the basic conversations, but when it comes to things like zero knowledge proofs and so on, I really need a lot of hand-holding to explain WHY the maths being done makes sense in practical terms.  So again, not an expert.
The thing is, it's possible to understand quite a lot of the basics of a very large number of things without being an expert.  I definitely **do** know enough of the basics of all of the above to be pretty damned confident that statements like: "*I'd assume- i'm no computer scientist- that quantum computing could draw power from any arbitrary source in space and time.*" are pulled directly from your anus and not based on anything even remotely resembling reality.
@_date: 2019-11-18 09:56:09
I don't understand why major darknet vendors stay in countries like the US even if that's their origin.
Once you've got enough money, move somewhere nice with extremely lenient sentences and strict limits on the terms (e.g. Norway).  That way, even if you're caught, you can just refuse to give up your Bitcoin, serve your sentence (you'll likely be out in 7 even if it's a *very* serious offence; but very likely even less), come out and live on what 7 years of Bitcoin value appreciation has given you.
If I were 20 years younger and didn't have a family to look after, I'd damn near consider doing this and deliberately getting caught...
@_date: 2019-03-22 12:04:37
Where in Germany are you and do you have any special skills (design, development, good social skills, whatever)?  How much time do you have to dedicate to this?  Are you planning on doing anything between school and higher-education?
I work in Germany for a Bitcoin related company as my day job and also have several small side projects in various stages right now.  I'm always interested in talking to people that might be able to help in some way.
Feel free to give me a private message (deutsch oder englisch) if you like.
@_date: 2019-11-21 06:14:45
I doubt it.
He probably meant people like Nick Szabo, Adam Back, and other cypherpunks who were there from the start.  I agree with him that when you haven't met these people, you tend to build them up "larger than life" in your mind, but when you do meet them, you realise they're just people like any other.  They've got some great thoughts, and some mediocre ones.  They're right about some stuff, and they're wrong about other stuff.
I still have a lot of respect for all of the OG cypherpunks in the Bitcoin space, but now that I've met most of them (and also gotten 10 years older in the process), I'm well past thinking of any of them as heroes.  That includes Satoshi (who of course I also never met, but did communicate with before he disappeared).
@_date: 2019-11-22 22:32:58
A couple of answers really.
1. That's not what people mean by "paper wallet".  Paper wallets are traditionally just a single private key and public key; whereas seed words are generally for master keys from which multiple keys can be derived.  This makes it safer to import to other systems with less knowledge of the details about how it works.  People have lost funds by forgetting about how to deal with change when spending from a paper wallet.  If change is sent back to the same address, the address re-use weakens the security against some kinds of potential future attacks. 
2. Hardware wallets enable "easier access".  I personally have 3 levels of wallet: Hot wallet on my phone for daily use (equivalent to cash in my pocket); hardware wallet (equivalent to checking account); and cold storage which isn't on any electronic device anywhere (equivalent to savings account).
@_date: 2019-11-13 16:03:22
The amount being sent doesn't matter.  The fee that you are paying in relation to the fees that other people are paying does matter.
I always use the lowest possible fee (1sat/byte) for all transactions unless I have a very good reason not to.  Typically, it takes 2 to 3 hours, but over the last year has varied between being as quick as the next block (average 10 minutes) and as long as a couple of days.
You can take a look at a representation of the pool of unprocessed transactions (the "mempool") [here](  That can give you an idea of how many other transactions are currently likely to be picked up in to a block before yours (note that new transactions come in all the time; if they come in faster than they get included in blocks, the mempool grows, and if they come in slower, it shrinks).
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:36:10
That's not entirely correct... There are several different things that can be inflationary or deflationary and you need to be precise in what you're talking about.  One person talking about monetary supply inflation while the other talks about market inflation just ends up in two people talking past each other.  You're talking about market inflation.
To make it clear: I used the terms "inflation" and "deflation" in my reply referencing monetary supply inflation/deflation.  I used the terms "*feel* deflationary" and "*feel* inflationary" to refer to market inflation/deflation.  I do apologise for this being unclear.
However, now that I've clarified it, hopefully you'll see that you haven't actually given any more information than I already said.  That is, market inflation and deflation will balance out against the pressures they place on consumerism when the monetary supply is fixed/known.
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:19:57


No, it wouldn't.  Because *pledging allegiance* is a stupid and bad thing to do.  It doesn't matter what you're pledging allegiance to.


But what is "Bitcoin"?
Is it what the developers say it is?  If so, what if they decide that it's okay to add code that lets certain centralised key-holders steal your coins?
Is it what the majority think?  Well, what if the majority think that switching to proof-of-baby-torture is better than proof-of-work?
Is it what YOU decide it is?  Well then, why pledge allegiance to it at all?  That's just pledging allegiance to yourself!


Okay, I'll assume you know a fair bit about how political systems work and specifically the government administration in your country (guessing USA from context and username).


It's a pretty terrible system, yep.  There are worse (like 1 party systems...) but in general, yeah, it really does suck.


Bitcoin certainly aligns to a lot of views that people who associate themselves with the Libertarian Party also hold.  However "the Libertarian Party" is a group of people with a set of stated ideals and goals, many of which you probably agree with but some of which you might not; as well as a diverse set of ideals and goals by individual members that don't always agree with each other.  Bitcoin is - thankfully - much larger and much more important than a single political party in a single country (even one as influential on the world stage as the USA).


I really like Ron Paul.  I find myself agreeing with a lot of stuff he's said.  And I also don't give a flying fuck whether he'd agree with your pledge or not.  I also would fight against him tooth and nail if he were to express an opinion I'm strongly against even if I agree with him on everything else.
You say you hate the two party system, but concepts like "pledging allegiance" are artefacts of the modes of though that bring about that kind of system.  You want to get rid of the two party system?  Stop pledging allegiance and start realising that every single person on this planet will have thoughts you agree with and thoughts you disagree with.
Political activity by individuals needs to return to being the process by which we try to find the best way to have the maximal amount of agreement and fairness for all involved; not just "aligning with the big group that most closely matches my thoughts on the topics that are being spoken about the most at the moment".
@_date: 2019-03-15 07:44:58
Umm. They argue against the current one as being a “logo” rather than a character and point out their preference for Ƀ since it has a Unicode code point...
Well, so does the current most widely accepted one: ₿ (U+20BF). Essentially it destroys their entire (already weak) argument. More info [here]( 
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:23:27
It's amazing how their [entire team]( is [somehow]( [made up of]( [former]( [stock]( [models](  What a great team they must be to have re-skilled from modelling to Business, Information systems, Finance, Technology, and so on. ^(/s)
@_date: 2019-11-09 02:35:14


That's confirmation bias in the highest degree though.  I don't believe governments should exist at all (more to the point, I don't believe countries should exist at all), so you're not going to see my views represented by any political party.


Here's where you need to question a bit further.  If I consider the current situation with fundamentally zero-cost money that can be printed at will, I am actually also in favour of redistribution, since the system is already inherently biased (allowing people who have money to make more money without actually providing value) and it's just an ugly hack on top of an already broken system to fix some of the more disgusting aspects of it.
So from that perspective, you could say that I am in favour of government redistributing wealth.
But question any further and no. I'd much rather keep the government out of money entirely.  As a socialist, I consider that money is an example of something that belongs in the commons, like the air we breathe, the water in public places, and so on.  The commons are inherently either un-owned or collectively owned by all (this amounts to the same thing).  This is exactly where Bitcoin fits in - in a very socialist way - as an uncontrolled and uncontrollable form of money, defined by consensus of those who use it rather than any government or private institution.
@_date: 2019-11-06 04:38:00
That doesn't seem like a convincing enough argument to be honest...
Imagine if I said, "*you need to punch yourself in the face every morning!*".  You quite rightly question this and ask, "*why should I do that?*" and I say, "*you just should*".  Would that convince you?
@_date: 2019-03-13 08:16:48
If they are selling their bitcoin, that means that those of us who want to have it are getting the opportunity to have more of it at their expense.  At some point, they'll start keeping some of it, and then all of it.  As that happens, the amount being sold decreases and the buy pressure pushes the value up.  So really you should perhaps be thankful they're essentially giving you free money by selling you their bitcoin, since once they stop doing so, you won't be getting nearly as much of it for your work/goods/services.
@_date: 2019-03-29 08:35:32
I think the best approach (and - in my understanding - no one has done this yet) would be to have the shop run a Lightning node (e.g. LND) on a small server/PC under their control, with some kind of "front end" that the employees can use.  This front-end communicates with a custom interface layer that runs on the same server/PC as the node and gives them the ability to generate Lightning invoices (potentially/likely even tailored specifically to the business) but no other actions.
In some ways, this might be similar to the BlueWallet approach of a custom app talking to a "real" Lightning node in the background (via LNHub in Bluewallet's case), but with a different approach to the UI aspect.  Since BlueWallet and LNHub are open source, it shouldn't be too difficult to build something like that.
One advantage to this is that the front-end can be changed out or modified as much as you like without ever touching the backend.  Another is that the shop has complete control over their node and doesn't need to trust their employees with access to the money.  The employees that only have access to the front-end can only "put money in", not "take money out".  Only trusted employees (manager/etc) have full access to the node.
@_date: 2019-03-29 11:05:13
If you're living paycheque to paycheque, sure... but most people want/expect to have savings.  Especially when it comes to things like retirement.
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:00:10
Agreed.  Even funnier is that people say, "ah, but Craig's Australian, so he would use UK spelling just like Satoshi!".  While CW does indeed use the same spelling conventions (since AU and UK spelling are indeed essentially identical except where differing vocabulary is used), it completely ignores the rather obvious fact that he babbles incoherently nearly as much as the current US president, which is something that is pretty much the polar opposite of how Satoshi generally wrote.
@_date: 2019-03-09 18:58:32
If it was a while back, it's possible I already put my info in that thread.  I really don't recall it though, so I'll see if I can find it and if I didn't account for my lost coins, I'll certainly do so.  Thanks for the heads up!
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:15:46


A lot; I live on Bitcoin only (i.e. I don't hold fiat).


I won't pay much for time spent doing nothing, but if you can provide a useful skill that I'm actually interested in paying for, then sure.  Any chance you know your way around React Native?  I've got a little project I wouldn't mind hiring someone for (I haven't finished writing it up yet, but when I do, I'll probably post it on or similar).
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:29:16


As a concept?  All for them.  I'm reasonably socialist.
The general implementation in most places?  Utter crap.


I'm not in the US, so I can only look at it from an outside perspective (although it's not all that different in most of the western world).  I'd say they're not doing a great job at "ensuring the financial system doesn't collapse".  Rather, I'd say they are doing a reasonable job of delaying it further and further, hoping it'll go away, and making each subsequent mini-collapse worse than the last.
@_date: 2019-11-13 16:20:25
Prepaid cards for under 18 year olds are a good thing, sure.  But again, that's not Bitcoin related.
@_date: 2019-11-21 06:32:12
And you are dangerously close to getting a temporary ban for shilling an altcoin and being abusive while adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm not doing it just yet, because (1) you did at least state that you're aware it's not appropriate for this sub; (2) the OP's topic did invite the monero discussion in general; and (3) you actually did add value to the discussion in another thread.  However, I do ask that you remain civil during these kinds of discussions since it is already walking a fine line near the edge of what's appropriate here.
@_date: 2019-11-18 15:11:25
No he *really* isn't.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:07:34
When I was younger, I would be asked for proof of my age for buying alcohol or entering licensed premises.  I got a "proof of age" card from the police for those situations so that my other personal details weren't being shared with random shopkeepers.
I've never been asked for ID in any other shopping situation in my life and if any shop in the future does ask me for ID just to purchase something there, I'm going elsewhere.  Screw that for a joke.
@_date: 2019-03-04 08:28:09
Totally off-topic here, but I feel like I need to rant about this:
As a manager, I can't imagine blocking my employees ability to use reddit and/or take screenshots of non-work related stuff using their work equipment.
For non-technical staff, we don't give local admin/root privileges.  For technical staff (e.g. developers) we do.  In either case though, anything you CAN do with your computer (that's not illegal or otherwise damaging to the company), feel free to do so.
Employees slacking off at work actually becomes less of a problem when you act less like an authoritarian dick.  I'd rather my best people take a few minutes to browse reddit, check on facebook, watch random YouTube videos (with headphones on), and so on in between tasks.  It helps them refresh and end up doing a better job in the long run.
The most important thing to me is that we get the job done, on time, and with the highest quality possible.  If someone is abusing the ability to do private stuff on the computer which influences the correctness or timeliness, I'll have words with them, but in over 10 years of having people work for me, I've only ever had to that once.
@_date: 2019-03-14 04:20:05


Adjusted to market value.  We have a single well-known exchange and date/time that we agree on.  Whatever the EUR/BTC exchange rate on that day of the month at that time is what I'll pay (within the next 3 to 4 days, so I generally batch it up and make it along with another payment the next time I'm paying something in person).


Previous landlord didn't take BTC.  Sorry if I wasn't clear on that.  The bit about the previous landlord was the inclusion of expected electricity/gas/water bills in the rent and then doing an adjustment payment once a year based on the real bills.
@_date: 2019-03-13 05:30:20
I think it depends what you mean by "non-tech audience".  My daughter (approaching 8 years old now, only just 6 at the time) understood the concept of devaluation through inflation when I explained it and so immediately realised that a currency that has a known (planned/defined/limited) future monetary inflation must be better in the long term than one that has an unknown (short-term planned/undefined/unlimited) future monetary inflation.
@_date: 2019-11-21 11:38:07
Depends on your definition of "*still as wealthy as you are today*".  If I still hold the same amount of Bitcoin as today, I'm exceedingly wealthy in either scenario.  If you mean I'd have the same purchasing power however, then it becomes an interesting question.
I think I'd still prefer the first scenario, since while the second would be better for me personally, I have kids, and want them to grow up in a better world than the one I grew up in.  I see Bitcoin one important component of that better world, by removing the power of authoritarians to use money as a weapon against the people.
@_date: 2019-11-14 02:13:13
I’m not sure how you imagine the conversation going, but it’s really not all that confusing. If I haven’t already explained it, then yes, they’ll naturally ask what a satoshi is, and I will tell them that it’s the base unit of Bitcoin. 
The conversation isn’t just a single question and answer after all. Another common follow up is something like, “oh, I thought I heard it cost thousands?” at which point I also explain satoshis as the base unit and “1 BTC” as the abstraction that used to be more useful than it is now.
@_date: 2019-11-13 06:06:43
I wouldn’t assume scam, but I would insist on the call being online since I don’t want random strangers calling my phone.
@_date: 2019-11-27 14:41:45
Andreas Antonopoulos.  You can find a lot of his talks on YouTube [here](
I don't agree with him on everything, but I do on a lot.
@_date: 2019-03-31 13:27:21
1. Bitcoin mining is almost by definition always profitable.  However if you mean is it profitable for you to do so: that depends on whether you're willing to spend a few thousands to tens of thousands of dollars on hardware and have electricity costs of USD 4c/KWh or under (i.e. probably not).
2. You can buy almost anything with Bitcoin.  I personally pay my rent in it, buy groceries in it, and even bought my current car with it.  This will however vary significantly by where you live.  Online, there is everything from clothing, to beef jerky, to VPNs, to hotel and flight bookings.
@_date: 2019-03-18 08:47:29


Sorry, who is "we"?  Outside of I don't really see any opposition to Lightning, and the opposition that I do see is all based around strong misunderstandings of what it is.
Also: it isn't a sidechain.






You're presenting these statements somewhat incorrectly.
The statement "it is bitcoin" refers to the currency being sent around.  No one is saying that the Lightning Network is the Bitcoin network - they're clearly completely separate things and aren't mutually dependent (you can have Bitcoin without Lightning, and you can put Lightning on top of other chains, such as Litecoin).  However the statement is made in response to the argument that it's not really bitcoin being transacted but rather a different token, as would be the case on a sidechain.  That argument is wrong (as long as you're talking about LN over the Bitcoin Blockchain of course) and this is the response to it.
The statement "it's better than bitcoin for sending txs" is in regards to writing on-chain transactions for the purposes of making simple transactions.  It is better for the vast majority of small transactions and will get better over time.  The Bitcoin blockchain is limited (by design, and for many good reasons).  Accordingly, reducing the load on it by moving the vast majority of transactions off-chain, while using the underlying chain to provide security and assurance to the values moving off-chain is objectively better by any metric you choose to use.






It doesn't.  Feel free to discuss other second-layer (or higher layer) technologies.  I'd love to see some healthy competition in the payment layer space.  Right now though, I'm not seeing a lot, which is why I'm happy to concentrate a lot of my attention on LN.


Who is "they"?  Miners absolutely matter.  Lightning Network *requires* that the underlying chain is healthy and functional, otherwise it all falls apart.  Anyone arguing otherwise is quite simply wrong.


I agree everyone in general (including LN itself) would benefit from some good healthy competition, but I'm not sure I'd go so far as to say BTC will fail if it doesn't happen.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:56:08
Cocaine is actually slightly antibacterial (but [only REALLY slightly]( to be honest), so the more cocaine on it, the less bacteria!
As a side bonus, if it's covered in enough cocaine to kill a significant amount of bacteria, it's also worth a lot more.
@_date: 2019-03-09 05:40:54


You'd assume wrong.


As an actual expert on LSD (yes really, google my name if you want), let me tell you: you can experience some amazing insights when tripping that do actually lead to incredible breakthroughs.  However you do actually *have to understand the subject matter*.  You clearly know next to nothing about AI or quantum computing and so I can - with near absolute certainty - dismiss the entire concept as complete and utter crap and I highly suggest that you do too, otherwise you'll lead yourself down the rabbit hole of believing damn-near anything, which is how dangerous shit like religion gets started.
@_date: 2019-03-09 10:47:22
Not all that often really.  I moderate but other than that, the majority of my social media presence is more bitcoin related than drug related. 
@_date: 2019-11-01 11:50:04




Why? Do you think the market cap (which is a silly metric anyway, but that's another topic) is somehow related to the amount of energy being used?


I disagree.  The PoW system is essentially as efficient as possible, since the amount of energy being spent on it is directly proportional to the value being taken from it.  Spending less energy would actually just mean that less value was being created and would be reflected in either a lower value for BTC or - more realistically - more people entering the mining industry until the energy expenditure was back up to where it again matches.
Also, after skim-reading the paper, I don't think they even begin to "solve" this at all.  The proposal is really just a switch to a different kind of proof of work that requires equipment that is much more expensive at present.  Instead of burning energy on hashes directly, we'd be burning more energy on creating expensive equipment and only temporarily less on using that equipment.  The energy is burned either way, and I'd rather use it directly than indirectly (which is definitionally less efficient).
The "most efficient" PoW is one where the CapEx is as close to zero as possible and creates as close to zero waste as possible.
@_date: 2019-11-27 13:53:51


Again, my post history is open for all to see.
@_date: 2019-03-31 12:54:07


Yeah, I hate how hard it is to transport bitcoin from one physical location to another.  And how it can be faked by alloying it with other cryptocurrencies.  Also how hard it is to divide down in to tiny fractions for every-day purchases.  Those problems are *clearly* the exact same between gold and bitcoin. ^(/s)
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:56:24
Given that lots of things can be bought/charged/topped up with Bitcoin these days, I'm not sure that's really special/interesting enough to post here about.
Should [BitRefill]( make a new post every time they add another gift card?
Mostly, I just don't see this as really having anything to do with Bitcoin.  It's a prepaid credit card, requiring a KYC process (of both the child and parent!), and just happens to support Bitcoin as one of the ways to top it up.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:32:49
Why is it great for everyday use?  I use bitcoin daily and find having a wallet on my phone far more convenient than using an online custodial system. 
If you’re going to state something is the best at something, you’ll need to back it up by describing your evaluation criteria. You also need to describe which wallets you evaluated, otherwise how could anyone know if any of the wallets you didn’t mention might be better or not?
@_date: 2019-03-24 08:04:08
**I am not a lawyer**, so please don't consider this legal advice.
Depends where in the world you live.  In many places, KYC is a legal requirement but viewed by the company as being a complete PITA that they'll do their best to "only just" comply with.
To the best of my knowledge, here in Europe, the requirements are to collect documentation that appears to be valid and correct.  However, if you don't have an expert of authenticating documentation, you can legally argue that you had no way of knowing that a fake (as long as it's not obvious) isn't the real deal.  So, from your perspective as a company required to do KYC, you did your due diligence in collecting the documentation and can't get in legal trouble for it.  Once it is discovered however, you must take the necessary action immediately (e.g. block access, inform authorities, etc).
The person who provided the fake ID however is likely committing a crime in most jurisdictions.  What the consequences are will depend heavily on the jurisdiction, but unless you're doing it for the purpose of committing another crime (e.g. laundering money for the mob), it tends not to be very serious.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:26:09


I'd agree with this.  However you're not taking *cost of production* in to account.  If it costs me an hour to get an ounce of gold out of the ground, and it's generally agreed that my time is worth about one night's sleep in a hotel per hour, then as long as the price of gold is somewhere around (significant fluctuation accepted) the price of one night's sleep in a hotel, then I'm fine with it.  As it happens, you'll find this is exactly the case with mining (whether talking gold, other precious metals, or bitcoin).
However, printing money costs next to nothing in comparison to the printed value.  Therefore the *created apparent value* is greater than the *real value expended*.  This is where the injustice comes in to play.
@_date: 2019-03-29 12:20:57
I don't know.  If so, cool!
But even if it does allow the back-end side of it, I don't know if there's an appropriate front-end for merchants to do this kind of thing easily yet.
@_date: 2019-03-10 10:45:49
I have one (second edition)... what do you need?
(happy to do something like compare what's there to an online version or whatever; not fine to do anything that requires significant effort or sending the book anywhere - if you want a copy you can buy it on Amazon or elsewhere)
@_date: 2019-03-29 10:23:32
Miners make money from two things: newly generated coins, and transaction fees.
As the amount of newly generated coins decreases, an increasing percentage of their income is from transactions fees.  Originally, each block generated 50 new BTC.  Now it generates 12.5.  Next year, it'll be 6.25, and around four years after that, it'll be 3.125 (and so on).
Supply of newly generated coins will run dry sometime around the year 2140, but it'll be essentially irrelevant compared to fees much sooner than that (within the next decade, fees will be over half the amount miners make each block; and within 3 decades, it'll be a high enough percentage that the newly generated coins aren't financially interesting to them).
The effect of this is that as the supply of newly generated coins decrease, there are only two possible effects: either the value of bitcoin increases (common when there's less supply of something, but the same demand; and also what we've seen with past supply halvings); or the number of miners will decrease.
Even in this second scenario where the number of miners decreases, it's not actually a really bad thing.  Mining is always profitable at some amount of mining, no matter what the value of bitcoin is.  If the value of bitcoin stayed exactly the same for a longer period before and after a halving (and miners stopping innovating and creating more efficient/faster mining equipment), mining would reduce to around half the number of hashes as before the halving and the remaining miners would be earning about the same amount in terms of value.
Realistically though, there's a lot of complex interplay between technology increases, supply, demand, value, energy costs, and so on; so you can't actually model it as simply as I wrote here.  It's the economic equivalent of when physicists talk about spherical cows in a vacuum.  Despite being an ideal model and not based in reality, it does hopefully give enough of the picture to understand why your concern isn't valid.
@_date: 2019-03-13 15:56:25
The problem is that the people you're arguing with are using a different (and very dishonest) version of the word "stealing".
It's true that they're not stealing **money**, but they *are* stealing **value**.
@_date: 2019-03-09 05:24:55
I have an LNDhub at home.  My family are all users of it.  That way, we don't need separate Neutrino-based wallets on our mobile devices and I've got only one system I need to keep very secure.
I think what you might have been thinking of is custodial systems where the custodian is some unknown third party.  BlueWallet can behave this way if you don't have the opportunity to set up an LNDHub of your own, but they make it very clear that this is at your own risk.  They've got control over your money at that point.  But you shouldn't assume that that means it's the only way that it works.  Just go to "Lightning Settings", point it at your own hub, and you're done.  You're now your own custodian.
Note that as both BlueWallet and LNDhub are open source, you could also (assuming you're a programmer or know/trust one enough) make a modified version that only operates with one or more hubs under your own control.
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:25:15
I now don't even believe that you have a masters in economics.  "Fiat" is a standard term and should be used any time you want to distinguish currencies by their method of issuance.  It has nothing to do with "this community".
A fiat currency is one that is issued by fiat (i.e. by decree of a controlling body).  Well-known alternatives are commodity money and representative money.  Bitcoin is closest to a commodity money although due to some unique properties, it is arguable that it may deserve its own class and really isn't any of these three.
@_date: 2018-10-09 12:16:39
I doubt billions of onchain transactions per day are possible in a highly decentralised system. 
The good thing is that onchain transactions are still possible. This creates a natural economic balance where people use whatever is best. Eventually, that would be 100% offchain, but in the short term I expect a significant mix of both. 
Settlement frequency will also adjust with cost, so if blocks are empty and settlement is near free, you can expect a lot of channel management transactions, whereas when they’re full and fees are rising, people are incentivised to have larger, longer-lived channels. 
Realistically all of this would be handled by a user’s software of course since making these decisions manually isn’t expected of a typical user that just wants to pay for stuff easily. 
@_date: 2019-11-04 05:32:43


No, they must *appear* to be instant.  Exactly as with the current system.  People use credit cards despite settlement taking days to weeks because they appear instant.  This is therefore a UX issue at best.
A very elegant solution to the problem is moving transactions off the base layer, as is done with the Lightning Network.


Unpopular opinion: It already is stable enough.  Exchange rate volatility between Bitcoin and fiat currencies affects you more the longer you hold it.  If you only hold it between getting your paycheque and spending your paycheque, the volatility affects you much less than it affects speculators.
Secondly, volatility decreases as more people hold it.  The amount of volatility is proportional to the percentage of the total being traded back and forth.  If even 10% of the people in the world had as much BTC in their Bitcoin wallets as they do cash in their physical wallets, the largest whales could barely push the exchange rate more than a fraction of a percent with trading activity.


I hold zero fiat, only Bitcoin.  I use it daily out of necessity.  While I'd love to see it adopted a lot more, I think calling it a "bad joke" is underplaying the reality of it.
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:49:15
Bitcoin has had its own Unicode symbol since mid 2017.  Since then, people don't use ฿ unless they really aren't aware they could use ₿ instead.
@_date: 2019-11-21 06:38:58
About 45 minutes ago; bread rolls and croissants for my kids' breakfast plus a coffee for me from the bakery section of a local shop.  Cost just over 50k sat.
@_date: 2019-03-09 19:38:52
I agree with you that he's wrong; most people are generally good.  This is evidenced by the fact that societies "work" in general.  In the case that we weren't generally altruistic on average, things would fall apart rapidly.  We've evolved to be social animals, so it's not surprising that we act this way.
That said: I disagree that "the selfish gene theory is a fallacy".  Dawkin's explanation of it seems perfectly rational and correct from my perspective.  The problem is when people think it says something it doesn't.  There is nothing in conflict between selfish genes and altruistic people.  Perhaps in our case, altruistic behaviour (caused by altruistic feelings) is indeed the best way for our genes to spread and dominate to the greatest extent.  To be honest, it seems to have worked pretty well so far...
@_date: 2019-03-12 16:04:24


Only if abused (and yeah, it does have a high abuse potential... it can be very "more-ish").
It makes a pretty good topical anaesthetic though and used sparingly can be a pretty fun night out.
@_date: 2018-10-25 17:19:04
I get the feeling you don't understand what "sound money" actually is.
@_date: 2019-11-21 06:55:28
Both of you need to end this hopelessly off-topic argument NOW.
@_date: 2019-11-13 14:38:55
MtSocks (run by CoinCorner) have some great socks as well.
They have a nice "[Proof of Sock]( feature as well, where you can verify your socks are genuine with a signed message on the Bitcoin blockchain (okay yes, it's a bit silly, but fun).
@_date: 2019-03-30 15:56:10
A few people have mentioned things that I personally do use bitcoin for, so I'll go with those first:
* A car: I bought my current car (2nd hand Ford Focus) using Bitcoin.  It involved calling around a few dealerships until I found one where the salesman was willing to take Bitcoin, even though the dealership officially didn't.
* Coffee: I do this regularly.  I know of at least 3 places that sell coffee for bitcoin in my area.
* Taxi: I did this in the Czech Republic a few times, but not locally.
* Groceries: I do this for about 95% of my groceries.  There's a small place in my village that accepts Bitcoin.  Unfortunately, none of the major supermarkets do yet, so that's on my wish-list.
The main thing on my wishlist is diesel.  That's one of the last things that I purchase regularly and am unable to find a better solution than using a credit card that I then pay off using Bitcoin.  The secondary thing is my kids private school.  It's an individual case, so I hope I can convince them next school year.  There are a few minor irregular things as well, but once I get diesel and the school sorted out, over 90% of my outgoing expenses will be BTC directly (the remaining 10% being 9.9% credit card paid off using Bitcoin and 0.1% euro).
@_date: 2019-11-04 10:29:34
Obviously, it's better to verify transactions and not trust.  However, we live in the real world and trade is inherently a social activity.  There will always be a level of trust involved in the process of trade (e.g. are they actually giving me what they advertised?  What if this bottle of orange juice is actually just coloured water?).
While I'm definitely in favour of reducing the needed trust level through technology, I don't think it's inherently 'wrong' for the grocery store in the village to trust me.  It's in my interest not to cheat assuming I want to go back and buy more groceries again at some point again (which, given I live here, I probably do).
@_date: 2019-03-11 04:58:28


"One" sounds like a lowball estimate...
@_date: 2019-03-22 11:56:37


This is true.


I disagree.  And I say this as someone who holds zero fiat, spending BTC directly whereever possible and indirectly (via methods where the merchant receives fiat, but my spend is in bitcoin) when not.
The reason I disagree is that we're not yet at the point where it's easy or practical for the majority of people on the planet to get rid of all fiat.  If everyone could choose to do what I've done and have no new difficult restrictions in their shopping behaviour, then yes, we'd "be there".  Right now, we're just "on the way there", which is great, but not enough.
A currency is only good if it's actually accepted.  If I'm the only person on the planet who values Bitcoin, then it has zero value.  If you and I are the only two people, then the most value I can get out of it is the value I have of trading with you.  It doesn't matter if the two of us consider it to be immensely valuable if neither of us has enough of anything else for it to be meaningful.  This can be scaled up to even where we're at now.  A few million people (at best) using it is great, but it's not enough total value to be considered "*change the world forever*" material in my book.  Without mass adoption, it still runs the risk of just dying a quiet and forgotten death in a generation or two.
@_date: 2019-11-13 19:55:30
No, that's incorrect.
If hash power decreases by 20%, it means that 20% of the (known) *potential* hash power is sitting around unused.  The larger that number, the greater the risk of an attack on the network.
50% isn't some magical number at which attacks are possible and before that they're impossible.   They're increasingly easier and 50% is a balance point where it makes certain kinds of attacks much simpler, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't be concerned about 20% going dark all of a sudden.
I would even be concerned about the hash rate staying level.  We know that technology improves, so if there are more efficient miners but the same amount of hashes being done, that means that less power is being consumed.  The hashes aren't what protects the network, the power consumption is.  So a level hash rate but increasing efficiency is similarly of concern.
@_date: 2019-03-29 16:42:33
I'm under 50 (by approximately a decade) and got the reference...
@_date: 2019-03-13 13:25:35


Okay, that was obvious, but thank you for saying so clearly.  Honestly, if you think you've "mastered" any complex topic, you should familiarise yourself with the [Dunning Kruger effect](


What does that even mean?  Some kind of economics competition in a school or so on?
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:01:56
Bitcoin’s value is stable. 1 BTC equals approximately 1/21000000 of the total amount. It doesn’t change. 
Bitcoin is an excellent store of value. Just because everything else is fluctuating in value around it, people think it’s volatile. That’s only a side effect of pricing things in a broken monetary concept like fiat. 
When goods and services are priced in Bitcoin, the only volatility is natural growth and shrinkage of the total economy through population and technology changes.
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:34:16
I'd disagree with this.
It's *not* real bitcoin, because it's pegged via a sidechain that uses its own tokens.  Lightning Network uses real bitcoin because the "thing being sent around" is a real, valid, bitcoin transaction (or a real valid Litecoin transaction, or whatever other base layer you want).  Liquid on the other hand pegs a native token (in this case, L-BTC) to real bitcoin, but it's the L-BTC that gets traded, not the BTC.
From a user perspective, it's "as good as the real thing" as long as you trust the sidechain.  It's a private sidechain, so to trust it, you need to trust that the actors involved in it (currently a moderately sized list of exchanges) aren't going to collude against you.
Personally, I don't see a problem with this, since it's very unlikely to ever be used to scam users out of their funds.  If an exchange wanted to do that, they'd do it within their own system much more easily and simply than they would through collusion.  However I also have no intention of using it personally or even paying that much attention to it, since it's inherently *not* what I'm interested in when looking at bitcoin.
On the plus side, it should help reduce the number of on-chain transactions and I'm certainly not complaining about that.  Just that I'm not going to (unnecessarily) place trust in one or more exchanges with *my* transactions.  If other people choose to, that's their business.
@_date: 2019-11-13 14:44:09
Not necessarily.  Back in the early days, a lot of us just mined or bought BTC, then spent it (or gave it away, or lost it).  I've spent hundreds of BTC on things over the years.  I probably won't ever again hold 100 BTC, let alone be able to spend it.
@_date: 2019-11-04 14:37:04
I agree.  Why would you assume otherwise from what I wrote?
Trust isn't a bad thing.  Requiring trust is a bad thing.  The fact that the local grocery stores trusts me is fine.  If they were *required* to trust every (or even any) customer, they'd get ripped off badly.
@_date: 2019-03-28 16:05:59


I would argue that there isn't strong enough consensus on this topic.  There are plenty of economists that disagree with the concept of inflation being good for an economy.  I'll agree that the vast majority think it is, but that doesn't mean there aren't solid arguments from respected economists against the idea.
Also, I don't think it's correct to say that I believe something just because there is consensus amongst others.  If I'm not personally convinced one way or the other, the most honest answer is "I don't know", not "I'll go with the majority".  As an atheist, I'm a significant minority in the world, but I still think it's the most correct approach to the question of the existence of a god or gods based on the evidence available to me.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:25:11
No. 
1. I don’t believe in forcing anyone to give up their own money or possessions. They are free to choose to leave instead. 
2. It’s in the name of the betterment of society for all, not equality. 
To elaborate on that second point: I don’t believe everyone should be equal, but I do prefer to live in a society where the chance of someone being forced to a life of crime is reduced to a minimum by the contributions of all. Is it “fair”? No. Is it better than the alternative? Absolutely. 
@_date: 2018-10-03 04:46:45
"Beginning to spend from it" is much easier when it's the only currency you have.
My number for "beginning to spend from it" was somewhere around under $1/BTC.  Cashing out just seems crazy - why trade good money for bad?
@_date: 2019-11-04 05:35:11
I agree that LN will significantly improve it and allow for much greater levels of usage than now; but given that I currently buy between 90% and 95% of my groceries with base layer Bitcoin transactions and don't find it any 'worse' of an experience than using fiat, I can't agree that fiat does it better.
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:25:36


True, which is why I didn't say that, nor even anything like it.  I said that the only opposition I've seen is on (which is an objective fact about what I've seen, not about whether what I've seen is complete/accurate; also note the difference between "criticise" and "oppose" - they should not be conflated).


I don't think anyone is presenting it as "shiny"... it's clunky alpha-quality type thing right now.  Usable by those with some knowledge/skill, but not yet by the masses without a lot of headaches.
However, the majority of public "criticism" tends to be "that doesn't/can't work" rather than actual constructive criticism.  There **is** plenty of constructive criticism, but it tends to be in the dedicated mailing lists and discussions where the devs actually take part rather than on reddit.  Many of these forums/lists are actually public, so you're welcome to join; but if you were to make a post similar to this reddit post, you'd probably expect to be ignored at best and more than likely removed from participation.
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:45:29
When your local fiat currency eventually hits hyperinflation (like the vast majority of fiat currencies in history have eventually unless they got replaced first for other reasons) the "ordinary man and woman" will also want protection against inflation...
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:43:04


Then the internet as we know it would have essentially failed.  We'd still find a way though; probably disguising all our traffic as encrypted HTTP or something similar.  Or just forget about the corporate/government network entirely and build a new open network from scratch.
@_date: 2019-03-10 10:42:16
What on earth are you talking about?
There are many different use cases for bitcoin and they can involve longstanding relationships (like my monthly rent to my landlord) or fire-and-forget (like when I buy a product).
What specifically do you think has changed in the last couple of years that enforces a continuing relationship when using bitcoin compared to before that?
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:27:21


Imagine BTC has a bull run to something crazy like $100k and you had $100 sitting in your bank that you could have converted to BTC but didn't.
This is in fact the exact same opportunity cost and is the reason that I hold no fiat.  I don't mind spending money - including on Bitcoin themed clothing if I happen to want/need new clothes - but I definitely am much more thoughtful about what I spend my money on than I used to be.
@_date: 2019-11-18 15:01:15
That isn't a counterargument.
is right.  It's a basic mathematical *fact* that if you can predict the future state of the system greater than 50% of the time, you only need to iterate over it enough times.
Four options:
1. Show (mathematically) why this isn't true
2. Show that you're fantastically wealthy
3.  Admit that TA is bullshit
4. Show where I've committed an error in my reasoning that provides for another valid option
@_date: 2019-03-15 11:03:47


I disagree with your wording.
People certainly can (and do) make legislations around bitcoin.  That legislation can't influence bitcoin itself, but it can influence behaviour.  For example: legislation that said, "*if you mine bitcoin, you must create blocks every 5 minutes on average*" is impossible to comply with other than by not mining bitcoin.  However legislation that said, "*if you send bitcoin from an address under your control to an address under someone else's control, you have to report that to the government*" is something you could comply with, since it only influences you and not the Bitcoin network.
Whether or not they could enforce stupid regulations is another story entirely, but that doesn't mean they can't create them.  There are plenty of unenforceable stupid regulations on the books already, so why would ones written about Bitcoin be any different?


Correct, and they can take away your legal right to use Bitcoin.  I don't think they should.  I don't think they'll even try.  But they *could*.  Personally if they did try something like that, I'd just continue to use it and be a criminal... as the old saying goes: "*When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl*".


Absolutely correct, and in complete contradiction to your first statement that it *can't* be regulated.
@_date: 2019-03-12 16:27:52


People who follow the Austrian school of economic thought would disagree.


If that were true, you'd see a lot more inheritance happening in the world than you do right now, regardless of the money being used.  Most people do want to leave something to the next generation (I for example definitely want my kids to have good lives after I'm gone) but most people also want to enjoy their lives.  They'll balance these two things out to some extent regardless of how their society's economy is structured.
@_date: 2019-03-10 13:13:58
Honestly, we're in total agreement here (although I get the outside perspective as not having any significant personal stake in the USA, neither a citizen nor a resident; I can however adjust the statements for my local situation since really things aren't all that different in any of the current major world political systems).
My only criticism is the alignment of that which is completely outside the existing system (i.e. Bitcoin) with the terminology and even a specific party within the existing system.  I find that neither the terminology makes sense, nor trying to find which of the groups within the existing system to align it to. (I agree it fits best to the Libertarian Party; but it's like asking which brand of steak sauce is best to put on your ice cream... there probably is a best, but it's still just the wrong question to be asking to begin with.)
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:10:33
How difficult is it to create the software? Not difficult at all. 
How difficult is it to generate infinite private keys? Impossible. There aren’t an infinite number of possible private keys. 
How difficult is it to generate all possible private keys? Very difficult. You’d burn out a star’s worth of energy on computing power before you were even close. 
How likely is your software going to find a key that’s already been used or will one day be used assuming you run it non-stop on a typical supercomputer? There’s an incredibly tiny chance of one such occurrence during your lifetime. Of course, even in that incredibly unlikely case, it’ll probably be an empty key that’s no longer used and you’ll have spent a fortune finding it. 
Basically you’re better off trying this with brain wallets. Humans suck at random, so monitoring nonrandom wallets is FAR more likely to work than anything else. 
That said, enough people are already doing it, so you’d be competing to steal the funds faster than everyone else who is doing the same as you. 
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:13:40
Nice little project!
You should look in to LSAT for streamlining the payment side of it from a UX perspective.
@_date: 2019-03-29 16:33:43
To me, that's more or less the "convert them to another currency" option.  If the timeframe for this happening is short, you leave it on the exchange.  If the timeframe is longer, you take it off the exchange, wait, then transfer back on to the exchange when at (or near) your target.
@_date: 2019-03-22 10:48:20
So.... don't exchange it back to fiat?
@_date: 2019-03-09 05:35:41
Your nightmare scenario is unrealistic though.  It assumes a global government doing things that benefit no one (including themselves).
If the US were to make bitcoin illegal, it'd probably hit the exchange rate a bit, but I'd happily keep paying for everything here in Germany with it.  If Germany made it illegal, I think my landlord would (probably) stop accepting it for rent (or maybe not...) but my VPN provider based out of Switzerland wouldn't care much and would keep taking it.  So would the service I use to pay off my credit card (LivingRoomOfSatoshi, in Australia), so I'd just start using that card more instead.
KYC is often an annoying requirement, but here in Europe we actually have a good argument against it from a legal perspective - the GDPR.  GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations) includes strict rules about what data it's okay to store about people and for what purpose.  It requires a careful balance against KYC and since the fines for being non-GDPR compliant are FAR worse than the fines for not doing KYC when you probably should have, most companies will err on the side of minimal KYC wherever possible.
Most exchanges and online services around Bitcoin do require KYC, even here in Europe.  However since my wallet is simply a piece of software under my control and not an online service, there's no "customer" for a "company" to "know" and the entire concept is meaningless.  You can't force KYC on a wallet provider since they *by legal definition* don't have active users within their system.  It would break GDPR in every way imaginable and be completely unenforceable.
@_date: 2019-03-31 13:13:53
As a socialist bitcoiner, I could argue that the majority of capitalists seem to have no idea what socialism is...
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:11:30
Bitcoin, not “blockchain and crypto”.
@_date: 2017-03-02 18:12:52
1. Most likely not, however as no one can predict the future, no one can say for certain.  If there is a split (and note that this is by no means certain), one reasonably likely scenario is that your coins will be valid (and therefore have value) on BOTH chains.  The immediate effect of this may of course feel like you've just doubled your money since you could theoretically sell it on both chains if you know what you're doing, but the more practical outcome would be an almost immediate halving of value on both chains and most non-technical people would only be able to use their coins on one chain (as determined by whichever chain their wallet follows).  After some time, it's likely that the value of coins on one chain would drop to near zero and the other would go up again.  This is also of course far from certain.
2. This is not a planned event, so - as mentioned - even "if" is an unknown, let alone "when".
@_date: 2019-03-29 11:40:01
So, use a hack to hedge against the hack that is supposed to keep the economy working correctly?
Why not just get rid of both hacks?
@_date: 2019-11-03 13:08:47
The "mystery ball" is a coinjoin transaction.
explained it a few weeks ago [here](
@_date: 2018-10-12 04:24:51
I like the idea of what you're trying to do here, but not the execution.
The problem is that you're picking very exact metrics (e.g. wallet sync) and tying it to a much more general term (e.g. "Ease of Use").  Unless someone actually goes down and looks at how you determine each of these metrics, they're likely to be extremely misled by the table.
@_date: 2019-03-10 07:28:55


If you're going to use this style of argumentation, I don't think it's worth even discussing it with you.  You haven't even considered the possibility that you might in fact be wrong or that your "sense of rationality" isn't as developed as you think it is.  I'm not saying that is the case, I'm just saying that you haven't included it in the list of possible options.
Essentially, I'm fine to have this discussion with you, but I recommend a little humility and a little less hostility, otherwise I won't bother.


I think we need to work on some definitions in order to have this discussion, because there was a time - probably only ten years or so ago - that I would have completely agreed with your position here; but I've adjusted it over time.
I agree that people's actions are entirely self-interested.  However I don't think that that excludes altruism, precisely because one of the common "self-interested" aspects is "feeling good about doing good" which is extremely common in social animals.
If I somehow knew with 100% certainty that I were going to die in the next ten minutes and could choose whether or not a bunch of other people also die with me, I would choose for them not to die.  This doesn't help me at all directly (note: I'm not religious and don't believe in any kind of afterlife, so I'm not aiming for spiritual brownie-points or anything like that) but what it does do is give me a little bit of a good feeling alongside the bad feelings about my death.  So, was it self-interest that motivated me?  Sure; I did it for the good feelings.  But I don't see any reasonable way that you can't also describe that as a *purely altruistic action* despite the "self-interest" of feeling good about doing it.
If your opinion differs, please explain where you see faults or holes in my argument.
@_date: 2018-10-02 14:38:23
Bitcoin doesn't have a committee.  The bitcoind reference client is just that: a reference client.  It doesn't define what the protocol rules are, it simply embodies the protocol rules that everyone agrees to.  If it implemented a rule that no one agreed with, no one would use it.  The developers have no power to make bitcoin behave a certain way that the users don't want it to.
@_date: 2018-10-04 13:39:54


They’re not appointed. I could submit code and get it in the release if it were good enough and wanted enough. 
That’s the difference there. It’s not a committee if anyone is free to participate at will. 
Note that you *could* call the maintainers a committee if you really want, but since - as already established - it’s a reference client and not the definition of the Bitcoin network, that’s also irrelevant. I’m still free to create my own code fork (or from scratch implementation) and as long as it follows the consensus rules (defined by the users, not the reference client) it’s just as valid a bitcoin client as any other. 
Therefore even if you do call the maintainers a committee (which I still think would be stretching the definition to near meaninglessness), they’re a toothless one as they have no more power over the network than anyone else. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:05:39
Technically true, but in any practical scenario where it were becoming a risk, rational members of the pool would likely split or move to another pool.  The danger comes when one actor within the pool controls such a quantity, which I think no one does.
There's also the [BetterHash mining protocol]( which I hope gets widely implemented some day in the not too distant future.  This would remove the "voice" from the pool and instead return it to the miners that are members of the pool (as well as just generally being a far better protocol than Stratum, which is poorly documented and a pain to implement).
@_date: 2019-03-13 15:55:00


By whom? And why?


And none that adequately addresses the glaring concerns with it.


That definitely is *a* problem, but if the CB *is* independent, you are now completely at the mercy of an independent entity that can play the economy however it likes and cause chaos either deliberately or through incompetence.  That hardly sounds any better really.


You mean the cycles that are *caused by* having an inflationary money system?  Those ones?


Monetary policy is one way to do that... but not this policy.  If it actually solved anything, we wouldn't need to keep doing it.  Clearly it's a band-aid at best (and all evidence points to it being a bandaid covered in very unpleasant bacteria, causing the underlying wound to fester and get worse while appearing from the outside to be getting better).
@_date: 2019-11-27 12:56:10
You have an amazingly poor understanding of Bitcoin, philosophy, political positions, and language.
I say *amazingly* poor because it's amazing how you are able to write an article which attempts to touch on all of these things and get them so spectacularly wrong.  It seems you're suffering from an extreme case of the Dunning-Kruger effect in all of these fields.  You have just enough knowledge to be able to quote people smarter than yourself and semantically link some thoughts together, but nowhere near enough to build a coherent or reasonable argument.
The article is rife with mistaken beliefs, baseless assumptions, and logical fallacies.  I had intended to go through it piece by piece and comment on it more constructively, but then realised that the hour or so of my time it would take simply isn't worth it.
@_date: 2018-10-02 15:25:14


Yes.  It just doesn't determine its value as a medium of exchange.
As a note (although irrelevant from my perspective, perhaps not from yours): Bitcoin also has value outside of a medium of exchange.  It's a global ledger that can be used for timestamping or other authenticity services.  That also would have some level of inherent value (although - just like gold - significantly lower than the value as a medium of exchange).


Correct, but the point is that it **isn't** setting prices.  Gold's value in electronics and other non-monetary uses has **zero** influence on its value for monetary uses.


I'm sure you think this means something, but I assure you it doesn't.
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:47:17
Depending on how you define it (no, I'm not watching a YouTube video just for that) I've been surviving on only Bitcoin for a bit over 3 years now... 24 hours doesn't sound particularly difficult.
@_date: 2019-03-24 11:59:51
Most ask for some kind of government issued ID such as national ID card (in countries that have them), passport, or drivers licence.  In the *vast majority* of cases (I'd be tempted to say "all" but I don't want one random exception to the rule to invalidate my statement) they don't actually check this against any kind of government database; instead they just look at it, say "yep, looks legit", and store it.  If you ever do anything dodgy, they'll pass this information on to the authorities who will **then** realise it's fake, but by that point it's too late anyway.
Essentially KYC is security theatre, not security.
@_date: 2018-10-06 14:43:30
I wouldn't expect so.  It is a gateway to the Australian "BPay" payment system, so it can pay any bill or similar that you could use BPay to pay.
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:19:06


Define "off".  This sounds to me like one of those urban legends.  Given that I can turn a current generation iPhone off, leave it sitting around for a couple of months, turn it back on and still have full battery, I'm pretty certain that if it's transmitting anything, it's extremely little and very infrequent.
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:06:15
I think means "more efficient on the network" not necessarily more efficient from an address entry/storage perspective (which isn't something most people care about, since writing/typing out addresses manually is generally around the worst way of using them).
@_date: 2019-03-09 05:17:17


In many countries this isn't illegal.  Many countries only make the distribution of copyrighted material illegal.  This means that it's only illegal to upload, not download (to note: most torrent clients do both simultaneously).


No, you've restricted their market which will certainly influence their value, but is very unlikely to make it zero.  Unless you think most illegal drugs are free due to being illegal?
@_date: 2018-10-01 07:49:16
Largest BTC amount: around 57 BTC for LSD from Silk Road. 
Largest fiat amount: Around €4000 (7 BTC at the time) for flights for a holiday with my family to Tokyo. 
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:42:04
I'm confused... what does this have to do with Bitcoin?
It looks to be a prepaid credit card for teenagers, managed by an app.
@_date: 2019-11-18 14:36:31
If you believe that story, I have a bridge to sell you...
@_date: 2019-03-12 16:02:56


1. **"Why buy a coffee today, if you can buy two tomorrow?"**: Because I want a coffee now.  And the deflation will be minimal once it's that widespread.  It'll be closer to "neutral" but act deflationary *only while the economy grows*.  As the economy shrinks, it would actually even feel slightly inflationary (but it definitely wouldn't be).
2. **"Vital items, such as fruit, vegetables, bread, medicines, rose in price."**: Why? What happened to competition?  Aren't these merchants also getting that lovely deflationary currency and try to get more of it than their competitors (by offering better prices) so that they can also increase their worth over time?
3. **"Superfluous items remain unsold"**: Good!  If they're truly superfluous, they're a net drain on our economy.  If you're talking about luxury items though (which are *not* superfluous), those won't remain unsold.  They'll be sold to those who want them (I can enjoy a yacht with fine foods and wine; I can't "enjoy" piles of digital currency other than by spending it).
Need I go on?
@_date: 2019-11-03 13:03:57
No one can know the future, but we can make inferences based on our understanding of things.
Basic supply and demand would say that when supply decreases but demand stays the same, value increases.
It's of course a lot more complex than that with a large number of factors influencing it, but it's certainly not just "pure speculation".
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:33:05


No, it's very real. But Bitcoin has the potential to help it, not make it worse.
@_date: 2018-10-08 16:23:59
Ummm... in a thread about Lightning that's a bit of a dumb question.
Elizabeth Stark: CEO of Lightning Labs.
@_date: 2018-10-03 04:47:35
You're not alone.
@_date: 2018-10-02 14:36:06


This has been repeated so many times and is honestly boring to hear now.
Bitcoin has value: It is a medium of exchange and a store of value.  This is no different than any other currency.  It's as much "air" or "magical fairy dust" as the dollar or euro.


What is that even supposed to mean?  Whether it was created by the government or by a private individual, it changes ***nothing*** about the system itself.  Bitcoin works just the same no matter who created it.  I don't see how it being created by one group vs another means they somehow "played" us.  It'd be a pretty crap play, since they have no power to actually do anything with it outside of the rules inherent within the system.
@_date: 2018-10-25 13:08:23
You're conflating "thing A isn't related to thing B" with "thing A is useless".  That would only be true if thing B were the only thing of importance.
In other words, hash rate is only meaningless if capacity is the only thing that's important.
Bitcoin network security/immutability is also important.  Network security/immutability *is* directly related to hash rate.  Therefore hash rate is important *even though* it is unrelated to capacity.
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:52:56


Bitcoin is not a way to make money.  It's a different form of money.  You can - like with any other currency - speculate (gamble) on the exchange rate, but you're certainly not guaranteed to make anything and could easily lose a lot.


The general process of speculation goes:
1. Exchange some of your local currency for bitcoin
2. Wait until the exchange rate moves up (i.e. bitcoin is now worth more of your local currency than it was before)
3. Exchange your bitcoin back for local currency
You can also speculate on downward movements by:
1. Exchange some of your bitcoin for local currency
2. Wait until the exchange rate moves down
3. Exchange your local currency for more bitcoin than you had before
By using these two methods together, you can increase the amount of local currency or bitcoin that you had before.  However it comes with a big problem: **You don't know what the exchange rate of bitcoin to your local currency is going to do in the future.**  This means that you may be waiting for an event that never happens.  It's possible for example that the price will NEVER be lower again in the future than it is right now (or at least, not for a long enough time that you'd have patience for... it hardly matters to you personally if the next time it is lower than now is 20000 years in the future).  Therefore anyone waiting for a drop right now may be out of luck and may ultimately lose out on their strategy.


Bitcoin itself requires no registration.  There is no central bitcoin authority and (purposefully) nothing in place to stop anyone being able to participate in using the currency.
However since most people exchange their local currency for bitcoin using centralised exchanges, there are likely going to be local laws influencing that.  This depends on your local laws and isn't something I can advise you on.


For actually using bitcoin day to day, I use bitWallet on my iPhone.  For long-term storage, I use a Ledger Nano S hardware wallet, because it's much more secure.
If you're only interested in trading, you'll probably want to leave your bitcoin on the exchange that you're doing it on.  This however does come with the risk that they could block your access to it at any time.
You can think of it as similar to cash.  If you've got it in your wallet in your pocket, it's easy to use.  If you've got it in your safe at home, it's a bit harder, but it's also much safer.  If someone else is looking after it for you, you're entirely at their mercy and have to trust them.


It's hard to answer this question because it's phrased in terms of bitcoin as a money-making system, which - as I described - is a misunderstanding.  I think however you probably mean something like, "how do I tell if my bitcoin is now worth more dollars than it was before?".  For that, you can check the exchange rate published at your exchange.  There are other exchange rates you can look at, but since you'd have to actually transfer your bitcoin somewhere else to get that rate, the only one that matters for the simple case is the one at the exchange where you have your coins.  Since exchanges also usually have things like withdrawal fees and so on, you'd need to make sure that any profit you make isn't entirely lost by fees.


You can't really "delete" a wallet other than to destroy all copies of your private keys (in the case of a wallet you own, such as the aforementioned iPhone wallet and hardware wallet).  In the case of an exchange, it's their wallet, so you have no access to do anything to it.
Even if you do have control over your own wallet, deleting access to it just renders the bitcoin inaccessible for all time, it doesn't actually make them go anywhere.  They'd still be in that wallet, it's just that no one would ever be able to access that wallet ever again.


This is impossible, which is pretty much the point of bitcoin.  Because there is no centralised authority, there is no one who has the power to "end the industry".  They could certainly outlaw it within their jurisdiction, but all that would achieve is to set your country well behind the rest of the world who do continue to use it (and drive it underground, so there'd still be people in your country using it, they'd just be doing so illegally... and there'd be nothing anyone could realistically do to stop them).
@_date: 2019-11-22 22:24:44


If you actually bothered looking at my post history as you claim, you might also notice I am a mod here and am perfectly capable of removing your posts myself if it's warranted.  As it happens, I didn't report it, but I do agree with the report.  Being a misogynistic asshole isn't acceptable behaviour.


I already did.  Deductive reasoning would imply that if it has a better than 50% chance of success, then anyone doing it properly is capable of becoming extraordinarily wealthy; essentially the same way that casinos always come out on top in games of chance where they have a very slight edge.
I don't need to delve in to any details because the results speak for themselves.
@_date: 2019-03-28 13:59:43


Scientific consensus is important, but it's still possible for it to exist for something that's wrong.
I'd also argue that economics is a social science rather than a hard science, and as such, it's much easier to be "completely wrong" due to missing variables (when these are missing in hard sciences like physics, it means we adjust things slightly - like from newtonian physics to relativity - but when they're missing in soft/social sciences like sociology or economics, it can completely alter the entire result/understanding).
@_date: 2018-10-25 13:44:12
The 'article' (such as it is) doesn't tell me anything at all about this device.
It looks like a Nano S but is apparently designed for use with [Blockchain.info]( online custodial wallets, which doesn't really make a lot of sense to me.  Is it a multisig solution with this device providing offline signing for transactions from the online wallet?  Or something else?  What value does it provide to the user?
@_date: 2018-10-01 07:33:21
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:33:17
"5% of people that responded to a particular poll in Canada claim to own bitcoin" would be a more accurate title.
I'm not saying that it's not representative of the Canadian public as a whole, but without a lot more information about the poll, I also have no reason to assume that it is.
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:46:47
I use it... to the point that I almost don't use fiat.  Over the last 6 months, I've consistently made more transactions in BTC per month than I have in any other currency.  Once I figure out how to pay for my kids private school, phone bill, power/gas, and diesel expenses with bitcoin, I'll be near 100% fiat-free.
@_date: 2018-10-27 18:09:38
I love your choice of QR code in the second panel.
@_date: 2017-01-16 20:03:33
I fit the qualifications and would love to work for a bitcoin related company, but unfortunately the idea of working in support doesn't really interest me.
If you've got anything going for a development manager, systems architect, or senior developer, let me know!
@_date: 2016-06-14 06:59:36
I know this in theory; but the "selfish" side of me can't help but think that as long as everyone else was still spending those large numbers and I'd held on to mine, I'd be a lot better off!
It's only an idle thought though - I don't really mind all that much.
My plan now is to hodl the majority of my coins (only small purchases here and there) until it reaches some large enough value that I can sell off &lt;10% to make back the total fiat I've spent on BTC, then no matter what happens in the future, I'll be happy.  Either it crashes down and I've lost nothing, or it (as I suspect) becomes worth quite a lot and reasonably stable, at which point I'll no longer think of it in terms of fiat value, but as direct value itself (i.e. 1BTC == 1BTC).  The only way I lose is if it crashes down before it gets to the point where I plan to make back my initial investment; and since I followed the rule of not investing more than I can stand to lose, I won't be in serious trouble if that happens (unhappy, but no serious trouble).
@_date: 2019-11-13 12:49:37


Just like a dollar is really just 100 cents, a bitcoin is really just 100000000 satoshi.
Imagine my daughter buys an ice-cream cone after school from her favourite ice-cream van (that accepts Bitcoin; which is why it's her favourite).  Given that the value of 1 bitcoin is about 4000 times the price of an ice-cream cone, it probably doesn't make sense to spend that much there.  Instead, she gives them 25000 satoshi and gets her ice-cream cone in return.
@_date: 2019-11-22 21:45:35


Ummm.... congratulations?  I don't see how that's relevant.  Anecdotes are not data.


No it doesn't.  Psychology is much more complex, and from the sounds of it you have no idea what qualifies as a soft science.  Hint: it's still science; not guesswork.


I don't.  I don't try to predict the future of systems that complex.


Pot, meet kettle.  You're the one using significant amounts of caps and expletives in response to a calm and reasonable comment.
As for my education, it's hardly relevant.  I'm probably more well educated than the majority of the people here, but it wouldn't matter if I weren't.  What's relevant is that I gave a logically valid set of four options and you failed to provide a meaningful response.  So, again, show where there's an error in my reasoning, or kindly do just fuck off would you?
@_date: 2019-11-27 13:44:30


I could, I just didn't.


Questions which contain assumptions that are incorrect.


No, it's a realistic approach to the world when you've got better stuff to do than argue with people who don't know what they're talking about.
To be clear: Look through my post history and you'll see plenty of in-depth discussions and explanations about things.  I'm not dismissive of you just because you're wrong.  I'm dismissive because you're *so wrong* that there's essentially zero chance I could convince you of that fact, no matter how much I'd like to.
I could be wrong about that of course, but then it's up to you to convince me you're actually willing to listen.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:12:23


Again, this is just playing with the semantics.
You're technically correct in so much as the word "stealing" has the implication of unlawful behaviour.  If it's expressly allowed by law, then it expressly can't be stealing.
However, it's clear that the way the word was being used by myself and was not that the behaviour is unlawful, but that the behaviour is *unjust*.  Law is a proxy for justice and it's generally intended that laws should approximate justice.  However, this is not always the case.  Thus, the use of the word "stealing" here was used with reference to the ***unjust*** *taking of property without permission* rather than the ***unlawful*** *taking of property without permission*.
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:08:43
Fuck grades. As a senior manager responsible for hiring, I would far rather hire someone who can answer this question correctly and takes a stand than someone who got good grades by bowing down to that crap.
@_date: 2018-10-04 05:01:17
That's not an either/or question.
No, I don't think investing in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is a good idea.
No, I don't think it'll die.
(I think using it as a currency is a good idea; investments on the other hand should be a diverse mix of relatively stable assets).
@_date: 2019-03-21 16:08:21
Same as I also buy my groceries with BTC right now.
Located in Germany, buying from a small grocery store in the village I live in.  Also like I convinced them to accept it.  They didn't before.  It's just a matter of asking everywhere I go, "do you accept Bitcoin?".  There's a lot more "yes" than you'd imagine (actually a lot of the time it's "not officially, but I'll take it").
Edeka (Supermarket chain) used to take Bitcoin for online purchases, but no longer do.
@_date: 2018-10-18 19:33:37
Much larger than necessary... text is a terrible format.
It also depends on what encoding you want in the text file.  Let's assume for the sake of argument that you're writing the hexadecimal string.
A private key is a 256 bit number, meaning as a hex string, you represent it with 64 characters.
There are actually a small amount of 256 bit numbers that are not valid private keys for reasons that aren't really relevant to this reply.  Suffice to say, a key could be any value from:
This means that there are 115792089237316195423570985008687907852837564279074904382605163141518161494335 (11.579x10^(77)) different possible strings.
Since each character is one byte and you'll need at least one byte separator between them, there are 65 bytes per string (plus separator).  That's 7526485800425552702532114025564714010434441678139868784869335604198680497131775 (7.526\*10^(78)) bytes, or - in "friendlier" terms 7.526\*10^(64) terabytes / 7.526\*10^(54) yottabytes.
Even at a really generous estimate, there's under 1 yottabyte of storage capacity on earth right now (it's somewhere in the hundreds of exabytes, or *maybe* zettabyte level, but definitely not a yottabyte yet).  Even if we were to grant a whole yottabyte to earth, you'd need more earths than there are stars in the known universe (which is roughly 10^(21) stars).
(edit: oh, and that's JUST the private keys... I didn't even factor in the addresses)
So... ummm... yeah, it'd be a big text file.
@_date: 2018-10-31 06:28:14
Just to add further info, you might like to consider using [Braiins OS]( instead of the official firmware from bitmain.
It's likely you'll get better performance (less energy used per hash) as well as having more freedom and flexibility in how you use your miner (e.g. what pool you choose to point it to).
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:25:04
Most restaurants don't need to deal with refunds all that often.  Maybe one or two a day at the most.  They're also not generally time critical.  So in those cases, they can get the customer's details and issue the refund at a later point in time.  Alternatively, they may have a small amount in a separate wallet for this purpose that can be accessed by someone on-location.
@_date: 2019-11-13 16:16:02
I think it was different for different people.
For me:
Mid-2010 (approx): Solo CPU Mined Bitcoin after reading about it on some forum somewhere.  Deleted the client - including private keys - after solo-mining 4 blocks (200BTC).  Didn't really think about it at all.
Late 2011: Bought Bitcoin from MtGox to use on Silk Road.  Only vaguely associated it to the mining I'd done.  Didn't think about it much other than that it seemed a good way to buy drugs online.  Still no interest in it as a financial system.
Mid 2013: Realised Bitcoin seems to go up in value a lot.  Finally started to get a technical understanding of it.  Started holding a small amount and using spend-and-replace to ensure that amount doesn't go down in case it increases in value.
Mid 2016: Having learned a lot more over time and seeing how it could indeed be a valid replacement for the global financial system we have now, I wanted to increase the amount I had.  Around the same time though, I realised that spend-and-replace is actually kind of dumb. If you think Bitcoin will increase in value over time, then any fiat you don't exchange for Bitcoin has the same opportunity cost as having spent that Bitcoin.  Holding fiat at all beyond what you absolutely must for short term expenses or so is the bad choice.
Late 2016: After several months, finally convinced my wife of this realisation, and stopped holding fiat.
Mid 2018: Left my very secure job in a giant multinational to go work in Bitcoin related startups instead.  Actively building the future.
@_date: 2018-10-17 06:48:24
Agreed. ANY functionality that isn’t specifically for managing and securing my bitcoin is functionality that I don’t want.
No matter how harmless it seems, it’s more executable code on the device and therefore another potential attack vector. 
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:25:49


Then it seems we actually completely agree on everything other than the definition.
Under the definition of altruism that *you* were using, I agree that it doesn't exist in rational minds.
Under the definition of altruism that *I* was using (where the behaviour described isn't a contradiction), it certainly does exist.
Personally, I find my definition more useful since it allows for an explanation of behaviour we actually see in the world that would require a much more complex explanation when using your definition.  I'm fine with leaving it at that though.  As long as we agree on the principle, I don't really care about arguing terminology since it's much less interesting.
@_date: 2019-11-13 12:52:36
Just to note, they didn't ask for a phone number; they asked to "jump on a call".  That phrase definitely does get used for any kind of real-time voice communication these days and doesn't imply at all the requirement to give out a phone number or other personally identifying information.
@_date: 2018-10-27 18:44:21
What you seem to miss here is that no matter how much people try to put these "safe" and "controlled" layers on top of bitcoin, it doesn't change the fundamental technology underneath.
Just because you're required to jump through regulatory hoops for exchanges, ATMs, and even many payment systems, it doesn't stop you and I being able to come together and *completely without intervention or 3rd party involvement* make a transfer between us.  No matter how much they try to fit it in to their nice, controlled, safe little world, all they're doing is building themselves walled gardens in a wild forest that doesn't give a crap what their gardens are doing.
We've seen it before and we'll see it again.  It wasn't that long ago I witnessed the rise of the walled gardens of the internet.  You could "get online" with Compuserve, AOL, Prodigy, and so on.  These services didn't actually give you internet access; they gave you access to their services which used the internet for content.  But what happened?  They were outcompeted by real ISPs.  Providers that simply gave you a link to the internet and didn't really care all that much about what you did with it.
These days, new types of walled gardens are appearing.  They are on the open internet, but carefully own and curate content and information to try to build the same walls.  I'm sure they'll ultimately fail as well, but the fact is that it's a cycle that humanity goes through with any new system.
Bitcoin will be the same.  It's an open system, but there'll be walled gardens built.  They'll be advertised for "safety", "compliance", and "ease of use".  And people will use them.  They'll like them.  They'll think they're "how the system is supposed to work".  And then - slowly but surely - they'll turn away from them.  Once they realise they're being held back from what they want to do, alternatives will be sought.
"Why can't a transfer bitcoin to my neighbour using a different service as easily as I can to my buddy at the bowling alley who uses the same service as me?  Why can't we all use the same service?"
"Oh, it's actually my service provider's fault?  Maybe I'll switch to my neighbour's service and tell my buddy to do that too."
"Hey, this service charges additional fees that don't make sense!"
"Woah, the guy down the road told me I can use this free software to actually do my own bitcoin transactions without using a middle-man at all!  He told me that's how bitcoin was actually designed to begin with.  And I thought it'd be hard to do, but really the software is even more slick than the paid services!"
And from there, the open system wins out.
The closed internet walled gardens died when they couldn't compete with the power of the world working together, and closed bitcoin gardens will be the same.  I'd even suspect it'll happen much quicker, since people are now more used to the concept of an open internet that an open bitcoin ecosystem is something they'll likely embrace much more rapidly.  Nevertheless, it's still "new" to them, and money is something that's never had an open system in their lifetimes (nor the lifetimes of several generations back), so I don't see any chance we'll avoid the walled garden scenario entirely.  I am sure though that it *is* just a stepping stone along the way.
@_date: 2018-10-18 15:08:09
Well they did say *over* 4 billion... so they’re *technically* not wrong. 
@_date: 2018-10-14 06:31:22
I'd say what you're doing is fine.  The customer can see you've done the work, but they don't get the result until they've paid.
You could use some kind of escrow service if you really wanted additional surety, but to be honest I wouldn't bother for your kind of work since there's no realistic way either party will screw the other over unless the customer changes their mind and doesn't want the work even after you've done it.  As long as your projects are small (or can be divided in to small individually paid chunks), this shouldn't be enough of a problem for you to spend the time on more complex arrangements.
@_date: 2018-10-18 15:04:05
Downvoted. Not because I disagree, but because this kind of low effort trolling doesn’t belong here. 
Just let them die on their own. The only time we should “fight back” is when they spread misinformation that might cause new people to make a terrible mistake (like buying bcash thinking it’s bitcoin). 
@_date: 2019-03-21 11:10:20
I like ideas that take the long strings and represent them with something more visually distinct (and shorter).  Although the article dismissed emoji, I think they could deserve another look.  They're much more visually distinct, well-defined by a standards group, and each emoji can represent more bits than an ASCII character (thus making an address out of emoji would be much shorter).
To be honest, I'd prefer something *different* to emoji since I don't think they'd get much mainstream acceptance in general for social reasons, but the concept is fundamentally sound in my view.
@_date: 2017-01-03 05:01:06
Do you mean the Case device I mentioned in my post?  Because I specifically ruled it out for some pretty strong reasons.
I do agree that competing with Trezor and Ledger would be tough, but there's nothing wrong with a bit of healthy competition.  And as long as the product I'm making meets a need that no one else does, I'd say I've got a chance.
@_date: 2019-11-18 14:53:15


And it fails *spectacularly* at doing so.
@_date: 2018-10-21 19:13:58
Cancer is what kills you when nothing else does.  Essentially, high death rates from cancer are often a sign that healthcare is extremely good, since there's been a significant reduction in deaths from non-cancer causes.
@_date: 2018-10-16 11:39:56
Yes. None of the component technologies were new inventions as far as I’m aware. What was new was them being used together to solve the double spend problem in a system with no central authority. 
@_date: 2018-10-13 12:08:15
It might *technically* be possible to come up with something (although certainly not without a lot of complex work and additions) whereby providing only a set of known data is able to restore access to a real private key (or a transfer to a new address managed by a new private key)... however doing so would be extraordinarily insecure since it would be treating this known data as a new kind of private key in and of itself, and it would be data that is easily accessible by others if it's things like name, phone number, and address.
So basically, even though it might be technically possible, it's certainly not a good idea.
@_date: 2019-03-12 16:22:26


This is a simple and outright lie.  Offer proof or GTFO.


How?  Do they send it back to you if you send them traceable bitcoin?


I used Silk Road back when DPR still responded to private messages just for "a chat".  I'd say I know the DNMs better than most.


Bitcoin doesn't have "metadata" on it.  Bitcoin is traced by having a clear transaction history pointing it back to a source that can be associated with a real person.  For example, the police could look bust a dealer, and then look at their recent incoming transactions.  They see that one transaction came from address 1JfbZRwdDHKZmuiZgYArJZhcuuzuw2HuMu, which got it from 15ubicBBWFnvoZLT7GiU2qxjRaKJPdkDMG, which was the MtGox account of John Smith, then the police can easily figure out that John Smith is someone to talk to in relation to that transaction.  If BRD was the wallet that generated the address 1JfbZRwdDHKZmuiZgYArJZhcuuzuw2HuMu, it does nothing to protect you from this.
If you do want to protect yourself from this kind of tracing, you need to make your coins harder to trace.  When they are included in many multi-input/multi-output transactions, it becomes nearly impossible to accurately determine the source of them.  BRD doesn't have this kind of functionality.  Some other wallets and services do (see [CoinJoin](


Congratulations, you can take screenshots of DNMs.  I can do that too (but I won't; because giving away info like "iPhone 5/6 (640×1136 resolution) user possibly somewhere in or around the US Mountain Time time zone on a Tracfone brand network" is more than I'm comfortable giving away by taking a screenshot like you did).
Suffice to say, you didn't show ANYTHING about whether those vendors only accept "clean and untraceable bitcoin" or explain how they'd even manage to do that (as per my question above).
Most DNMs have two modes of payment:
1. Direct to vendor (more common now)
2. Via DNM (more common on older or less developed DNMs)
In either case, you make a bitcoin transaction to an address.  There is no way to "refuse" a bitcoin transaction and they can't know in advance if your coins will be "clean" or not.
@_date: 2018-10-13 12:29:05
However no one can "just" decide to change the code.  Bitcoin is what it is because it's what everyone agrees to.  I run the code that I consider acceptable and correct.  Other people do the same.
If some rich individual or group were to create different code that lets them inflate the supply, it simply *would not be bitcoin* unless everyone else agreed to use it.  I certainly wouldn't, and I can't imagine most other people choosing to either.
@_date: 2016-06-13 18:54:15
Or perhaps not spending as much as we did in the past.
I first bought bitcoin in order to use Silk Road - it was a means to an end and that's all.  I bought 70 coins, and spent 68 of them on drugs.
Later, when I realised that bitcoin was going up in value, I dug out the old wallet and found my 2 remaining coins to actually be worth more than the 70 that I'd bought.  I've slowly been buying a few more since then, with my last major purchase (2 coins) just a couple of weeks ago.
I do sometimes think about those 68 that I spent though... that sure would be nice to have now!
@_date: 2019-11-13 16:07:03
When someone asks me what Bitcoin costs, I always tell them the price in some multiple of satoshis.  For example, "Right now, you can get one thousand satoshi for around eight cents".  Telling them per satoshi is too confusing for most people, and by explicitly saying it's a thousand satoshi, they get intuitively that they could also subdivide that.
@_date: 2018-10-19 10:43:21
I have (and use) both hardware and software wallets for my bitcoin.  The hardware wallets are for longer term storage/savings and the software wallets are for daily use.
I don't use bcash ("bitcoin cash") or any other altcoins.
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:54:47
But Bitcoin base layer is more like the internet than the web. Look where it went from 1970 to 1980 (practically nowhere). I expect layers built on top to have faster growth. 
I’d argue the growth of bitcoin has been much faster than I would have expected. It’s gone from nothing to being close to a viable daily currency in some parts of the world. There’s still a long way to go before it’s ready to replace traditional money entirely, but it certainly is moving in that direction at a great pace. 
@_date: 2019-11-18 12:30:31
That's a strawman argument and you know it.
The number of large dark net vendors is very low.  They tend to be relatively skilled, young, middle-upper class men.
Immigration to places like Norway is very easy for people who fit this profile.  Find a non-trivial job with a company there that's willing to sponsor you and it's basically guaranteed you'll get a work visa.  Spend long enough on that work visa without going to jail or getting fired and you'll be granted permanent residence.
Assuming you get caught being a major drug dealer before getting permanent residence: After serving your time, they would not deport you as long as you still have a job (yes, this is possible that you remain employed but non-working by the company for the duration of your sentence) or can find a new one quickly enough.  Even if they did deport you to the US, the US will not prosecute you for a crime you committed elsewhere and have already served time for.
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:05:00
If your “store of value” is confiscated, it’s not doing a great job of storing value for you. 
If you are prevented from using it through censorship, its value is effectively zero. 
I’d say these two things are fundamental to being a good store of value.
@_date: 2018-10-18 17:09:50
I never really worked it out or tried it. Maybe a few tens of millions give or take a couple of orders of magnitude. Regardless, less than a rounding error when looking at how many possible keys exist. 
Of course, just putting them in memory is one thing. Writing them to a file (larger than all data storage devices on earth combined) and checking them against the blockchain (a non trivial process) are different stories entirely. 
They bring it from “absurdly close to impossible” to “unimaginably close to impossible”. 
@_date: 2019-11-12 08:59:02
And purchasing power is based on how things are priced.  While things are priced in fiat currencies - e.g. USD - their price will stay relatively stable to that fiat currency and fluctuate wildly in Bitcoin.  If priced in BTC, they'll stay relatively stable to BTC and (currently) fluctuate wildly in fiat currencies.
I'm well aware that *right now* most things are priced in fiat currencies and thus BTC has unstable purchasing power; however I don't see that that is relevant to the discussion of Bitcoin's ability to function as a store of value, which is what this post is about.
@_date: 2017-01-02 10:29:00
As others have so rightly said, no one knows. 
Since you asked for opinions though: I think it will continue to rise pretty steadily for quite some time. There will be some not insignificant dips as people think it's hitting a peak, but then as it begins to drop, enough people will take advantage of the dip to buy more and reverse the trend before it really goes too low. 
There is a significant chance that I am totally wrong of course. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:29:34
No, they really didn't.
Back when I was young and getting in to it (mid 80s; pre-web internet), the majority had no idea what it was.  Even after the launch of the web in the early 90s, the majority suddenly had heard of it, but had no clue what it was and most people considered it something for "geeks" and that it was a pointless fad that would die out, since it couldn't do anything we couldn't already do better with telephones, faxes, and public libraries.
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:22:42


That's entirely up to you and not something you should publicly share.
"More than one" is a reasonable assumption.
I'm fairly comfortable for example saying that I have 2 different hot wallets on my phone that I regularly use, one Lightning node for experimentation, more than one "moderately cold storage" in the form of hardware wallets with seed phrases backed up quite securely, and at least one "very cold storage" in the form of something I can't quickly get access to the private key (split with Shamir's Secret Sharing) and is not stored on any electronic device.
I wouldn't be comfortable giving more detail than that, and neither should you.
@_date: 2018-10-27 17:09:47
I think it depends on what you mean by "old people".
My experience is that:
* Those born between 1940 and 1960 tend to be very closed minded.  Their formative years were spent being told that "*smart people have solutions to problems and you'd better just do what they say*".  Even those who ultimately became the beatniks and hippies were really just 'experimenting' with free thought for the most part and had a hard time getting away from the internal structures of hierarchy that they were raised with.
* Those born between 1960 and 1980 (which includes me, so I might be biased) tend to be much more open minded.  We grew up in a generation where honestly questioning the status quo was in the minds of society at large.  Even when too young to understand, we saw that people disagreed about the fundamental "way things should be" and we assimilated a lot of that in to our lives.
* Those born between 1980 and 2000 on the other hand seem a bit late to the party (sorry).  There are often all the right words there, but not enough practicality to it.  There seems to be a large number who think that being "open minded" means being willing to accept bullshit without evidence.  And there's a lot who also seem to want instant gratification and aren't willing to work on hard things to effect change over time.
These are just gross generalisations of course.  You can find many examples in each of these generations that go against what I describe here.  These are just my personal observations.
@_date: 2019-11-06 04:41:39
You are trying to convince me to do something; you're trying to convince me that it's necessary to hold "at least a bit" of fiat.  I consider that unnecessary, so asked what the purpose of doing so would be.  So far, you've been unable to give me reasonable grounds for doing so.
@_date: 2018-10-05 13:11:22
If your definition of "committee" is anything that involves humans, then yes, it's a committee.  But that's a crappy definition of a committee and doesn't match what you posted earlier.  The key word you're ignoring is "appointed".


No.  I'm not.  And nor are you if you're a member of it.  You may be able to become a member (doubtful that I can given I'm neither a US citizen nor resident), but then you'd be on the committee and wouldn't just be "anyone".
That is to say, with bitcoin *anyone* can participate without having to "join" first.


Bitcoin Core is the name of the reference client for Bitcoin.  You seem to be playing with terminology here.


I don't believe there are any clients that aren't either forks of or tested against Bitcoin Core.  That's *because* it's the reference client!


By that definition of "free", anyone is free to do anything within their capability.  However just because I'm "free" to murder my neighbour by that definition, it doesn't mean society won't punish me for doing so.  Within the framework of the society and legal system to which I participate, I most certainly am *not* free to murder anyone.


Again, you're missing the point.  If you were to come up with an idea for a change to the Bitcoin Core code and everyone thought it was a great idea, then you wrote and submitted the code to make it work, you'd be a "Core developer" as well.  There is no mysterious committee that you seem to believe exists.
Repeating myself here: There is the concept of "maintainers" who essentially make sure that what's going in is what should be going in, but if they choose to abuse that status and refuse to merge in code that everyone wants (or merge in code that no one wants), they'll find themselves maintaining a client that no one uses.  Meanwhile, a different group of developers (likely the majority from the original project once they realise that the maintainers are abusing their access) would create a new code fork and carry on as if nothing happened, having removed the maintainers from power.


I actually have no idea.  I've not looked in to what clients the exchanges use.  But I'd imagine you're probably right.  It's also totally irrelevant, since the exchanges would also switch to the new client in the scenario I described where the maintainers went against the wishes of the network.  There's no way in hell any serious exchange just "blindly" updates their client without checking it first.  So in the case of maintainer abuse, they'd first just do nothing (not upgrade) and would exert pressure that would ultimately help the developers who choose to go off and make their own good/wanted fork of the project.
Note that the above is all hypothetical though, since - so far - there has never been (and nor is there likely to be) a case where where the maintainers have collectively tried such a stupid move (primarily because they're completely aware of what would happen and they're not stupid).
The closest has been leading up to the chain fork that split BCH off from BTC.  There were differing ideologies at this point and some clients that had different rules were forked off from the Bitcoin Core client.  Since they never had majority support though, they needed to establish their own chain instead of becoming the new reference client, and thus replay protection was added and a new chain was born.
@_date: 2017-01-06 15:54:01
Technically, the coins themselves are stored "in the cloud" (more precisely, they can be determined from the transactions that are written in the globally distributed ledger called the blockchain).
What you store on your computer/device is a cryptographic key that **proves** those coins described in the ledger belong to you.
Transferring BTC involves adding new information to this distributed ledger to say that you (provable by cryptography, owning the keys) are giving a certain amount to someone else (by an address that they can prove is theirs by the same kind of cryptographic magic).
@_date: 2018-10-21 13:48:05
"... if it *were* gold."
(that grammar mistake pisses me off more than most... primarily because of how insanely common it is)
@_date: 2017-01-05 06:55:48
I'd happily do so once 1BTC can buy 10000 pizzas - I can afford to give away 1BTC like that...
I'd probably do it by heading over to and host one of the most awesome giveaways ever done :)
@_date: 2018-10-25 04:25:25


If you can, do it.
I'm "almost" fully living on bitcoin in that I have some automatic payments that go out in fiat shortly after my income goes in, but other than that, I don't hold fiat.  I do use a fiat based credit card that I can pay off in bitcoin (thanks to Living Room of Satoshi), so I can't say I use only BTC merchants as of yet (there's nowhere I can fill up my car for BTC for example) but I strongly prefer to use BTC directly when and where possible and as time goes on, more and more places start accepting it as I keep on asking them to.
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:35:50
I'd say the camera makes it a completely different thing from a user standpoint though.
As far as I can see, the Ledger Blue is functionally the same sort of thing as the Ledger Nano S, just with a much nicer screen and the ability to use the UI directly on the device instead of via the browser.  Definitely a useful thing, but it doesn't fill the need of something I can use "like a mobile phone wallet" - as in, pull it out of my pocket and immediately conduct bitcoin transactions with other people (shops, friends, localbitcoins meet ups, etc).
I'm aware that the security industry is something special though and I'm a "no one" (for the most part) in the field.  That's one of the reasons I want to see if this device would be interesting or not before I invest too much time/money in to working on it.
@_date: 2017-01-14 01:25:22
If you exchanged $1100 for 1BTC, you have lost $1100 and gained 1BTC.  When the exchange rate of 1BTC falls to $800, you have **still** lost $1100 and gained 1BTC.  It's only if you then exchange that 1BTC for $800 that you have lost $300 and gained nothing.
If the exchange rate falls to $200, as long as you don't sell, you are still in the exact same position - $1100 down and 1BTC up.  Same thing if the exchange rate rises to $1 million.
@_date: 2019-03-17 20:44:32


Correct... because we do.  Lightning is another way to transfer Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is the currency, Lightning is one possible payment network.  What confuses people is that Bitcoin itself has basic payment-network-like functionality built in, but it's not very scalable on its own, which is why it makes sense for other dedicated networks to build on top of it.
If a merchant accepts bitcoin, but doesn't have Lightning set up, I'll happily pay them on-chain for now, but I'll advise them to look in to Lightning to make it cheaper for their customers and potentially safer for them.
@_date: 2019-03-28 11:34:16
They didn't say "blockchain is bad", they said that blockchains have a small number of specialised use cases and aren't a general solution for everything.
They're right.  "Blockchain technology" is totally overhyped and often terribly misused.
Personally, I've seen exactly ONE good use of a blockchain so far: Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-09 13:41:10
Blockchain: a slow, decentralised database with much larger resource requirements than other databases, despite its extremely poor performance.
Blockchain technology alone isn't all that interesting.  Blockchain + Proof of Work is getting more interesting; wrapping it all up with keypair based ownership of digital assets gets you most of the rest of the way to... Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is a technology - or more precisely a set of technologies - and it's far more interesting than "blockchain" alone.
@_date: 2017-01-05 00:05:10
I'd call it reasonably steady looking at it as a log graph.  It's got a bit of an uptick, but it's not "huge" like the Gox spike.
@_date: 2018-10-01 17:39:59
I’m the sole income earner in my household. My wife is a stay-at-home Mum and my kids are only 7 and 4.  So if I didn’t pay for the holiday, we simply wouldn’t have one. 
I’d rather my family be rich in happy memories than rich in money with no adventures to look back on later. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 05:27:25
It's a matter of percentage, which is why a logarithmic scale is much clearer.
Going from $500 to $600 for example is a 20% increase.  Going from $1000 to $1100 is only a 10% increase.  While both are $100 increases, the second one is much smaller than the first.
@_date: 2019-11-09 02:13:38
For those of us who are libertarian socialists, seeing people we *mostly* agree with using the term socialist as an insult gets pretty tiring.  It'd be like if everyone suddenly started using the term "capitalist" to mean "bigoted uncaring asshole who wouldn't save his own mother from an oncoming bus unless he was getting paid for it".  It's a stupid stereotype that doesn't reflect the typical reality of things, but instead an overblown caricature of reality that you'd be hard-pressed to find even a few real world examples of.
Even the worst of the authoritarian statist socialists don't actually believe everything they're accused of believing.  They believe a lot of crap, for sure, and they've got a lot of cognitive dissonance as they try to deal with mutually incompatible beliefs; but most of them stop well short of full on state communism which is what the strawman argument against them generally entails.
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:47:56
You might very well be right.  The only point where I differ is that I don't rule out things that I'm not aware of.  That is, there *could* be something that I (and you) haven't thought of that fulfils the same needs, and does it fundamentally differently to Lightning (without requiring a base layer change).  If so, I'd like to see it and see what the Lightning devs can learn from it as well as what it can learn from them.
If such a thing doesn't come along though, I'm fine with that too.  It might mean you are right and that no other model can exist (every one would be "close enough to LN as to make more sense as a further development of it rather than competing with it").
@_date: 2019-11-22 22:59:07
Major exchanges will almost certainly implement Lightning at some point quite soon.  There are already competitors to the major exchanges heading in this direction, so if they don't, they're going to start losing business.
However it's worth noting that the Lightning Network is a layer on top of Bitcoin; it requires that the base layer exists, so there must be at some point a base layer transaction that establishes the ownership of the keys associated with your end of your channel(s).  At the simplest, that's a very basic 2 of 2 multisig to create the channel and then spending from that UTXO to close it; however more complex abstractions (reducing the base layer load) are also possible.
@_date: 2018-10-27 18:21:50
After reading the whole thing, I'm not really sure if I'll like it or not going forward.
I'm definitely interested in seeing more, but it's pretty hard at this stage to get a feel for the overall tone and potential direction the story might take.
@_date: 2018-10-20 11:48:48
What exactly do you think other cryptocurrencies can do that bitcoin can't *without sacrificing fundamental aspects of what makes bitcoin valuable*?
Are there cryptocurrencies that have faster confirmed transactions? Yes.  But most of them have centralised points of failure, or other serious security risks.
Are there cryptocurrencies with scripting languages that allow for a wider range of more complex smart contracts? Yes.  But they suffer from serious risks of scripts that don't perform as expected, leading to data and financial loss.
Are there cryptocurrencies with lower energy usage?  Yes (pretty much all of them).  Either they'd have similar (or worse) energy problems at Bitcoin's scale OR they are not truly secure over long time periods since they don't use proof of work (if the "security" relies on anything other than physical properties of the universe (like energy usage), it's essentially trust based and therefore insecure).
Show me a cryptocurrency that is *truly* better than bitcoin and I'll exchange all my bitcoin immediately for that.  I don't believe such a thing exists as of yet (and may never; but I am open to the possibility).
@_date: 2018-10-30 04:34:04
Since around 2011.... 2010 if you count mining rather than buying.
@_date: 2018-10-01 12:13:01
And how would they destroy bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-10-21 21:10:17
That's probably the most significant of the properties that I'd define as "honest", yes.  But aside from that also:
* The rate of inflation (creation) is known/determined in advance
* The total eventual quantity is known in advance
* There is no authority that can access your money without your permission (it is honestly yours; unlike when a bank talks about your money when they really mean their money and an IOU that they will 'probably' honour)
* No one can (convincingly) pretend to have money that they don't have
* I can prove that a transaction was done by pointing to a historical block that can not be disputed
@_date: 2018-10-09 12:07:31
The question presupposes a situation that no one in their right mind thinks is going to happen or even be desirable. 
Offchain transactions require onchain settlement capability and onchain establishment in order to remain secure. 
Lightning or other 2nd layer could be used for 100% of user transactions while still having full blocks with onchain activity competing in a fee market. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 17:17:30
No. A week ago, this would have been a very slightly less good call than now, but not enough to be very significant at all in the long term. 
@_date: 2018-10-21 08:18:31
I think it's conceptually possible, although it'd need to look very different to our current SHA256 proof of work and really wouldn't be a good idea anyway.
The concept of "proof of work" is that it uses a certain amount of some resource that is difficult, scarce, or valuable and 'burns' it (irreversibly uses it up) in order to get the result.  That provides security by requiring that an equivalent amount of that resource is used in order to change/cancel that result.
Right now, our PoW is based on energy usage.  That is, a certain amount of energy must be burnt in order to produce the hash that is valid for the block.  To rewrite a block, you need to put that energy in (and to rewrite a historical block, you need as much energy as all the blocks from that one).
^((this is an oversimplification, since energy efficiency improvements are a thing; it's actually the amount of hashes produced, but eventually we'll hit an equilibrium where there'll be no more improvements to be had - the "perfect" hashing machine - and then energy and hashes will be directly equivalent.  It's not all that relevant though, since even with efficiency improvements it just means it's "slightly easier" to do previous hashes and the "build on top" nature of the chain means that the newer more efficient miners are securing historical "weaker" blocks as well with their new more efficient generation))
So, one could imagine a scenario where instead of using energy for PoW, we instead use something that humans can do, computers can't, and takes a certain amount of time (so human time is the thing we're 'burning'/using up for security).  Then, instead of mining farms full of equipment, we'd have "farms" full of people doing that task.
One major problem with this of course would be that more civilised/social countries would require these people be paid a living wage.  Less ethical countries would simply set up what are essentially slave farms and would outcompete massively.
Another of course is that I can't think of any task that actually fits the requirements of being something that people can do that computers/robots can't (or won't be able to given sufficient incentive to build them that way) and is measurable in such a way as to be usable/repeatable for this purpose.
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:51:55
Hmmm.  Apparently so.  I just always assumed they were US.  My bad.  Nevertheless, they still had that 3 hour flatline over US new years, so maybe that says something about their user base.
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:53:59
Probably marginally safer than using an online wallet controlled by someone else, but you're still exposing your private keys to systems outside of your control and therefore a risk that I wouldn't personally be comfortable taking under any normal circumstances.
Think of it this way, if there were no laws governing banks, would you trust them to store your money and not run off with it?
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:45:27
Socialism didn't kill anyone. People that followed political parties that had some socialist ideas did. 
Technically the nazis were socialist. It's right there in the name *National Sozialisten*. But there's definitely not a lot I would agree with them on. 
Just the first paragraph of the definition on Wikipedia (highlights mine):
**Socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production**, as well as the political theories, and movements associated with them. Social ownership may refer to forms of public, collective, or cooperative ownership, or to citizen ownership of equity. **There are many varieties of socialism and there is no single definition encapsulating all of them. Social ownership is the common element shared by its various forms.**
As a believer in the idea that social ownership and democratic control of the means of production is the best way to achieve a prosperous and successful society with the highest level of general happiness for all, what should I call myself if not socialist?
The term may be associated with some pretty horrendous people, but that doesn't make the concept any less valid in my view.
@_date: 2018-10-13 15:26:13
That's probably more a matter of musical taste than anything... honestly, I can't listen to "music" that consists almost solely of people speaking in half-pained angry voices over a simplistic beat.
Each to their own though: if you like that sort of thing, great.  I personally don't.
Edit: It's worth mentioning, I'm much older than the majority here.  Us old fogies aren't well known for being tolerant of more modern musical styles.
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:54:35
As a parent: Any parent who doesn't actually stop and listen to their kids about WHY they're interested in something and take real time to evaluate it is a dick parent.
Sure, often kids need their parents to help steer them in better directions; kids screw up a lot.  But how can I steer my kids in any direction if I don't actually understand what they're currently doing?
@_date: 2018-10-02 05:44:07
What potential ramifications?
What would be different if it turned out to be created by a government rather than an individual or group of individuals?
That's what you don't seem to get when others talk about it being open source.  We know *exactly* how the system behaves and all properties that it has.  We choose what code to run and how it should behave.  The original creator is completely irrelevant.  Even if Satoshi Nakamoto were to turn up tomorrow and prove himself beyond all reasonable doubt, he'd still have no more power over bitcoin than you or I do.
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:19:02
Do you currently spend money of any kind at all?
Assuming the answer is yes, every dollar/euro/whatever that you spend is money you *could have* spent on buying more bitcoin.  Therefore it is *absolutely equivalent* to buying bitcoin and spending that instead.
@_date: 2018-10-02 14:41:10
Out of interest, what currency/monetary system do you think ***does*** have value, and why?
And while we're at it, can you please define "value", since I get the feeling you're using the word vastly differently than I am.
@_date: 2019-03-31 13:11:50


Actually, I live in a pretty small German village.  Convincing a small local grocery store to accept BTC is way easier than convincing a big supermarket chain.
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:44:39
It's a matter of control.
If you have a wallet on your computer, USB stick, hardware wallet, paper wallet, or similar then **you** are in control of the keys and therefore the money they represent.
If you use an online wallet, then **someone else** is in control of the keys.  They might be hacked, they might make a mistake and lose them, they might steal them and run away with your money.  You are powerless to do anything about it.
A hardware wallet with properly backed up recovery phrase is by far the safest.  I have my Ledger Nano S stored in a physically safe location.  In a completely different physically safe location, I have the recovery phrase on a piece of paper.
Yes, if I didn't write down the recovery phrase, and carried my hardware wallet around with me (or just "lost it during a move somewhere"), then it would not be particularly safe.  But it's the exact same thing with any other money - the more money you have, the safer the protections.  I'll happily carry around &lt;0.5BTC on my iPhone with Breadwallet in the same way I'll happily have $500 in cash on me, but larger amounts are secured more safely.
@_date: 2017-01-02 22:20:10


I don't understand this... the price fell dramatically after the MtGox bubble and took a while to bottom out, but has been ever so slightly *increasing* since then, which is somewhere around 2 years now (either early 2015 or mid 2015 depending on how you look at it).
@_date: 2017-01-14 20:22:50
I definitely don't doubt he'll try to spin as much as possible in his own favour of course, but people like Trump tend to have a very different view of 'good' and 'altruistic' behaviour than the rest of us.
I believe that in his past when he screwed people over, he always did it with the sense of "they don't matter" when trying to do the best for whatever his goal was at the time (often just making money).
If the goal however is really "Make America Great Again" (in his own personal belief system), I doubt he'd screw the country over on purpose.  He'll happily screw over anyone else and in the process probably mess things up so badly that he *by proxy* ends up screwing America over, but I don't think it'll be on purpose.
@_date: 2018-10-01 17:48:54
If that were to work, Bitcoin would deserve to die. 
The more likely outcome however would be a chain split between the “idiots who upgraded without checking” and “everyone else who isn’t an idiot”. From my perspective, the latter would be the real bitcoin and therefore not destroyed. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:27:26
The address is unfortunately pretty meaningless if it's a custodial wallet (online wallet/exchange).  Since its not *your* wallet, they can and do move the coins around quite a bit.  Just because the coins have moved, it doesn't mean you don't still have some claim over them at whatever service it is.
If you do get access to your BTC, move it to a wallet that *you* control (mobile, desktop, hardware, depending on security desired).  Only then can do you have true control over your own bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-31 20:02:09
Bruteforcing a password is generally a feasible thing; bruteforcing private keys directly is not.
@_date: 2017-01-05 12:49:23
In my opinion not; but many would disagree. 
I don't expect a big crash, but definitely a bit of instability as those who do think it's a bubble react to the price combined with those reacting to the reactions (e.g. day traders). 
@_date: 2018-10-27 17:57:12
I think you're mistaking "how things currently behave" with "how the system behaves".
Bitcoin is *capable* of being peer to peer.  It also can (and certainly often/usually does) work via middlemen.  Even ignoring all of the other positives aspects of bitcoin over fiat, there is no such thing as remote peer to peer fiat exchange (only local, via cash; which itself is becoming harder and harder in many societies).
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:25:04


I agree it applies to the other three categories as well, but to me, ease of use is a significantly more complex topic than only those two things you mention.
I personally use bitcoin as my primary currency and do tend to make several transactions per day.  "Ease of use" for me includes things such as:
1. How easy does the wallet make it to batch transactions (if at all)?
2. How easy it is to choose my fees? (backing out of the transaction and setting it separately for example is terrible)
3. How clear is it which inputs and outputs I'm using? (if I have to take many steps to see this or am forced to select them manually when most users don't care, that's also lower ease-of-use)
Essentially these kinds of questions boil down to a combination of "how likely is it that a user will fail to do something correctly?" and "how likely is it that a user is able to find the function they want/need?".
Note that for that second question, if the function doesn't exist, but is expected by the user, then it's also an "ease of use" issue, because the "use" and the "expectation" don't match.


I think that's a false comparison.  The initial sync of Core is indeed very time consuming of course, but it's not just a wallet; it's also a node.  If you separate the wallet functionality out, it could be started/stopped at will with no additional waiting assuming the node continues to run in the background.
Of course, I don't expect users to be aware of this necessarily, but the problem isn't the wallet's fault, it's in that the whole program is being called "a wallet" when it fact that's not a good description of it.  Essentially, I think users who download and use Core (which should be encouraged) should also be informed that this isn't just a wallet and that there are therefore important things they should know about it (like that it's not intended to be only fired up and used to make transactions and then shut down again).
@_date: 2018-10-25 13:50:32
Ummm.... something like `myEvilAppFees = paymentAmount * 0.005; paymentAmount = paymentAmount * 0.995;` should probably do it (and then create a separate output for `myEvilAppFees` pointing at your wallet of course)
The bigger question is why you want to charge additional fees on a transaction the user should have the power to do themselves without paying you for it?  Charging additional fees for a bitcoin payment that go straight in to your pocket is just a dick move, and pretty much the main reason that most people hate BitPay.
Of course, your question was pretty unclear, so if you meant something different, please explain more clearly.
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:57:17
A few on Mt Gox, a few on Silk Road, but nothing huge. Less than my current hodlings anyway. 
@_date: 2019-11-08 18:45:36
That's better than what I did: CPU solo-mined 4 blocks, then deleted it because "it was stressing my hardware even worse than SETI
200BTC would be nice to have about now... even if I'd sold it at dollar parity, at least I'd have had a decent night out on the town from it.
@_date: 2017-01-02 14:03:41
You could also choose to spend 100 USD to buy 0.1 bitcoin; or 10 USD to buy 0.01 bitcoin; or whatever other fraction you like. Bitcoins need not be purchased in complete units.
As for why?  That's your personal choice.  You don't have to.  The end result could be that you sell it and gain compared to your initial investment; you sell it and lose compared to your initial investment; or you just hold on to it for use directly when bitcoin's value is no longer typically measured in fiat (just as a typical person in the US paying in USD doesn't always mentally convert to UKP to figure out what he's paying - they certainly could do so and it wouldn't be 'wrong', but it's also kind of pointless).
@_date: 2018-10-04 07:38:05


No.  It's more or less designed by "what people want to develop" mixed with "what people consider important".  That is, the majority of development happens when someone says, "I'd like Bitcoin to do xyz"; after a bit of back and forth discussion, someone else goes ahead and writes it; then people decide to actually use it.
Note that the open nature of the github means that anyone can contribute to the discussion and create patches.  To avoid chaos, there is a meritocracy based system for actually getting patches in to the release version, but if there were mass agreement from users that something *should* be implemented but the maintainers with access to put it in were refusing to do so, someone else would just fork the code (note: code fork, not chain fork) and add it there, then the users would switch over to that.
There is no committee who get to decide unilaterally what goes in and what doesn't.


The UTXOs of a non-reference client are not defacto risky.  The UTXOs of a client that disagrees with the consensus on the network however are.  There are plenty of changes you can make in a client that don't break consensus.  Soft-forks are pretty much the canonical example of this, but there are more.


No.  You're misunderstanding what "reference" is.  A reference in the context of a reference client for a protocol is just the canonical example of something that you can look at to get an understanding of how it works.  If laws were a reference, it would imply you're free to design your own based around the original but not follow the original.  This is prohibited by legal systems.  They are more like "canon" than "reference" if you really want to use those sorts of terms.
@_date: 2018-10-27 17:41:04
I've been there quite a few times and bought with BTC.  I've had times where it's been completely problem free and other times where it's been hell.
From experience, they have trouble with RBF transactions.  The staff are quite poorly trained and the software they use (essentially a BitFlyer wallet running on a tablet) isn't very helpful for them.
So, to use bitcoin at BicCamera:
1. Don't use RBF, otherwise they simply don't get any indication on their side that the payment was made.  Relatedly, if your wallet doesn't have an RBF option, check beforehand whether it's because it's "always RBF" or "never RBF".  I assume this is because BicCamera *DO* accept zero-conf and this wouldn't be safe if RBF were on.
2. Do use a wallet that actually tells you you've sent a transaction to the network.  Early versions of BreadWallet (now BRD) were terrible for this.  It told me I'd made a transaction but it didn't appear on the receiver side.  Only later did I realise I had no internet connection (I was in an electronics section and not connected to wifi, so I assume there was interference blocking my 3G/4G signal).  The wallet didn't give me an option of actually seeing any information about the transaction (I assume they've fixed that in current versions, but I've since switched to better mobile wallets).  It was only after I left the store and my connection was back that it then sent the transaction (which I had no way of knowing or cancelling while offline!).  Thankfully, once I paid with cash, BitFlyer were willing to refund the payment and did so within about a week (exact BTC amount; not including miner fee, to an address we agreed on via email which I gave them over the phone).
3. Do be prepared to look at a block explorer in case of trouble.  If there's any kind of issue, they'll eventually put you on the phone with someone from BitFlyer.  If you can point out a valid transaction ID that they can look up, they'll tell the shop to accept it even though the wallet on their side didn't show it.
4. Do be prepared for the staff to have no idea what they're talking about and that they'll insist only the BitFlyer app will work.  This is incorrect.  It will work with any wallet of course, as long as Bitflyer will accept the transaction.
5. BIP70 is not used, so you're not stuck to shitty wallets and extra fees that you can't control (as you are with BitPay).
6. Every time I've spent there, it's been a legacy P2PKH payment (address starting with 1), so any wallet should work.  It's been a few months though, so - as a matter of good practice - it would be sensible to ensure your wallet supports the widest range of possible destination address types.  If for example you can't send to a P2SH (starting with 3) or bech32 (starting with bc1) address, it'd be best to upgrade in case they do and you find yourself unable to spend with them.
As a note, all of the above sounds like it might be a complicated and painful process.  The reality is that as long as your wallet doesn't suck and you've actually got an internet connection, it's a really smooth and easy process.  Plus you get to skip the long lines that can sometimes be there and go straight to the dedicated counter for bitcoin payments (moderately sized bitcoin logo on the wall behind the cashier; they could be serving someone else with cash right now, but if you want to pay with bitcoin, you can "cut in" as the next in line by waiting directly in front of that cashier instead of the general line).
Also note I've only been to three different BicCamera stores.  I can't promise it's identical at all, but I don't see any good reason to expect it's vastly different around the different locations.
@_date: 2018-10-30 10:05:37
Because “3rd party” means centralised at that 3rd party. 
Lightning is a decentralised layer on top of bitcoin and is fundamentally a very different thing to a third party solution. 
@_date: 2019-11-04 07:41:07
The merchant accepts the risk of zero confirmations. Given it’s a small grocery store in a village of under a thousand people, and I’m a regular customer, the risk to them is very low. 
I’m well aware that this concept doesn’t scale up at all in practice though. 
I do find it interesting however that zero confirmation in-person purchases are also accepted at places like BIC Camera in Japan. I’ve spent a lot there and had plenty of opportunities to defraud them, but never did.
@_date: 2017-01-14 02:58:02
My position is to treat it like any other foreign currency.  I personally don't pay rent in dollars, I pay it in euro.  So dollars are just as unusable to me as bitcoin.
It doesn't stop me having some US dollars in an envelope in my drawer for those times I travel to the US and can spend it.  Equally, I have BTC in my bitcoin wallets that I also spend for goods and services.
I don't pay a great deal of attention to the dollar/euro exchange rates, as to me, each dollar is worth one dollar to me since that's what I'll be using them as.  Equally, each bitcoin I own is worth 1 bitcoin to me, since that's what I'll be using that as.
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:07:36
I spent around 60BTC on acid once... it was totally worth it.
@_date: 2017-01-06 20:32:55
I just found 0.05BTC left over on a dark net market account that I hadn't touched in a long time so was probably just 'dust' left over from a previous purchase.  I immediately spent it.
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:17:35
It's a legal requirement for businesses that do certain financial things.  Bitcoin exchanges in Australia almost certainly always fall under the defined law.  Similar laws exist in most jurisdictions around the world.
However it's *not* a hard and fast requirement to "buy bitcoin in Australia".  If I fly over there and decide to sell you some BTC for AUD, we can do that peer to peer without any involvement from a 3rd party at all.
Whether you or I are committing a crime in that case, I don't know.  I don't think so (it's not in most places), but I've never actually looked in to the Australian laws that closely.  Nor do I care all that much, since it's realistically not going to be something they could ever do anything about even if it turned out it were illegal to do so.
@_date: 2017-01-14 10:09:24
If there is sufficient interest/demand for it (and that's a big if, but still one that I personally believe will be true), the limited supply and fixed rate of generation essentially guarantees quite high values.
The only way the exchange rate won't hit 100000USD/BTC is if the interest in bitcoin remains low.
I expect the interest will increase based on the utility of it.  It already serves different purposes for different people (international payments with less difficulties; protection from hyperinflation; store of value; simple currency; etc) and there are efforts underway to introduce new technologies such as the Lightning to further increase the usefulness thereby spurring further adoption.
@_date: 2018-10-12 06:49:36
The bitcoin amount doesn’t change, the USD valuation of it does. 
This is just like if I give you €20 now but call it $30 equivalent. It might easily be $29.50 or $30.50 tomorrow. 
Bitcoin is denominated in bitcoin, not USD. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:54:58
Could do... but again from a usability perspective, I want to be fussy here: that would mean either dual cameras (front and back) or a hit to the usability in having to turn the device's screen towards what you're scanning.  Not a huge hit, so worth weighing up, but still a hit nonetheless.
@_date: 2018-10-27 20:18:48
To me, that's just another incentive for people to remove themselves from the walled gardens.  If such a system becomes large and commonplace enough to drastically reduce the quality of life of people, they'll switch to alternatives that don't have this issue.
From a technical perspective, there are new technologies being built on and around bitcoin that will make these kinds of tracking technologies effectively useless anyway.  Even if your bitcoin is traceable to you by having been purchased on an exchange where you gave up your personal details, it can be later obfuscated/hidden so that the trail 'goes cold' and you have enough plausible deniability to basically tell the government to go f themselves when the subpoena arrives.
@_date: 2019-11-13 12:54:38
Just sats is good.  It's rapidly becoming the standard in everything new and really only older services/apps don't offer it as at least an option if not the default.
If you want to give options, then: BTC, mBTC, sats.  There's no common consensus on the use of "bits", so I feel that'd be a mistake.
@_date: 2019-03-22 10:54:09
And "most people" don't need to do international remittances either.  It's an irrelevant point in the context of the article.
@_date: 2017-01-07 08:11:28
The phrase refers to the common colours used on balance sheets; either the old handwritten ones, or default colouring options on most major spreadsheet programs.  Negative numbers get written in red, positive ones in black.
@_date: 2017-01-12 17:15:03
As a long term hodler, let me say that if it's outside that range, I'm either buying big or selling big (and then rebuying after the inevitable crash).
@_date: 2017-01-27 14:15:01
It's a chicken and egg problem really though.
I really think the reason you can't buy coffee with bitcoin in general (not counting at least two cafes and one bar not so far from where I live) is that no one is strongly demanding it; and the reason that no one is strongly demanding it is that it simply wouldn't work right now at any kind of scale.
If the scaling problem is solved (along with low to no transaction fees for (at least) small value transactions of course), I believe a very large number of merchants would jump on it because demands/requests from potential customers would also rise rapidly.
@_date: 2018-10-15 11:02:55
It’s not a Bitcoin wallet, it’s a bcash wallet. 
Even if I were interested in bcash, I still wouldn’t use it, because it appears to be quite reliant on a centralised system, which is the antithesis of what Bitcoin is intended to be. 
@_date: 2018-10-10 04:20:10


You have the exact same opportunity cost for every dollar you hold/spend that you didn't convert to bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-12 06:09:44
There is no such thing as “intrinsic value”.
@_date: 2018-10-27 21:29:20
Honestly, if I found myself living in such a ridiculous fascist near-dictatorship, I'd move.  I understand it's not a choice for everyone, but regardless, the one thing I wouldn't do is just sit back and accept it as "how it is".
Governments exist to serve the people.  Once they stop doing that, it's time for the people to step up and change things.
@_date: 2018-10-20 07:19:12
CheapAir is well known and perfectly reliable.  I wouldn't be concerned about spending some BTC there.
@_date: 2018-10-08 18:33:50
I despair for the quality of the commenters... I mean, YouTube comments are pretty crap in general, but in the first several pages, I saw nothing other than people making lame comments about her being an attractive woman and/or about bitcoin being a way to lose money.
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:03:52
As a socialist, let me say I think he's awesome. 
@_date: 2017-01-14 07:44:36
It might be someone who actually knows her personally and is in love with her (e.g. her boyfriend).
If not, then it does have a very creepy feel; but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt for the moment.
@_date: 2018-10-06 12:07:02
Yep, working on it.  The company is very open to doing so (which makes sense, since we are a bitcoin focused company), but have concerns around the handling of it that they want to sort out first (although we're bitcoin focused, we as a company don't actually hold any currently).
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:55:18
I'm also an author, so I know the feeling.
Best of luck to you!
As mentioned, I'll buy it on Amazon with credit card, but I do hope you'll get a way set up soon for people to buy it with BTC directly.
@_date: 2018-10-14 06:52:48
So.... bitcoin?
(either by a merchant that accepts zero confirmation (like every merchant I've ever encountered that sells low-priced things like coffee) or by a 2nd layer network such as Lightning)
@_date: 2018-10-21 13:37:09




I had to separate your sentence in to two quotes because by asking it as a single question, you're conflating two things that are not the same.
I exchange my fiat for bitcoin because Bitcoin is a better form of money.  I don't "invest in Bitcoin" because the term implies that I am using it to try to increase my wealth.  I'm not.  My interest in Bitcoin is to use it as money.  For this use, the exchange rate to my local (or any other) fiat currency is pretty much irrelevant.
I do invest in other things, and do very much care about how they perform.  I do look at historical data to help inform me of that.
Note that I'm not denying the fact that other people (in fact, many other people) do view bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as purely an investment.  That's fine, and they really should inform themselves by looking at all relevant information (including - but not limited to - charts of past performance).  What prompted me to write this answer however was the implicit assumption in your question that that's the *only* possible interest someone may have in it.
@_date: 2018-10-17 12:14:24
While I do see some value in that, I’m not sure it’s worth the risk. 
I don’t know the exact process since I’ve never used a Trezor (I have a Ledger - also far from perfect, but it’s mostly cold storage). Assuming the image is displayed immediately on boot, if I were the malicious actor, after stealing your Trezor, I’d put the same image on the compromised one before putting it in your possession.  If it’s post-PIN, I couldn’t do so, but obviously that means you’ve just entered your PIN on the compromised device. 
So while it’s a small improvement in security in one way, I feel it doesn’t justify the reduction in security from additional executable code. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 12:52:56
Just send to your address (and keep backups!).
No need to worry about segwit, philosophical ideas or possible forks right now. They don't directly influence how you store your coins at this point in time. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:40:33
Not a bad idea.  I'm kind of fussy when it comes to usability, and I'm not sure I immediately like the two-times-scanning from that standpoint, but it definitely makes it more attractive from both a cost and (reduced) complexity standpoint.
It does limit the use cases a little as well, since I'd like this device to fulfil *all* the use cases that a mobile phone wallet currently does, and I can think of at least 2 or 3 times I've used my phone for either sending or receiving a payment recently where this wouldn't have been possible.
Still worth considering though.  Thanks for the food for thought.
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:51:51
Yep.  That definitely makes sense.  I'd add it to my general list of features (along with the obviously implied hardware capability of disabling/removing 3G functionality; but I'd want to be careful about how this is done, since "optional hardware modules" do add potential attack surface)
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:54:43
Not at all. Not with every computer on earth for billions of years. 
@_date: 2017-01-14 10:33:45
[Sidebar, Moderators, message the moderators](
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:35:31
Bitcoin is 8 and a half years old.
You know what year the internet was 8.5 years old? 1987.
You know what year the world-wide-web became a thing (and consequently, the masses starting jumping on board)? 1991.
We're nowhere even near *having* 56k modems yet by your analogy - we're still somewhere around the early 9600baud era.
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:40:32
Hardware wallets also provide recovery phrases. I only lose my coins if my Ledger Nano dies AND my recovery phrase simultaneously. 
I keep my recovery phrase in a secure remote location. It's handwritten and has never been digitally entered (typed) or captured (e.g. photographed). 
@_date: 2017-01-08 07:47:16
I think it doesn't blow as many people's minds as it *should*.
I'm an old school computer geek, now in my late 30s and have been tinkering on everything from the Apple ][+ up for the last 3 decades; and this concept blew my mind for its elegance, beauty, effectiveness, and "hindsight is 20/20"-style simplicity.
It is quite simply the main reason that I believe bitcoin truly represents something not seen in the world before now and therefore has incredible potential.
@_date: 2018-10-19 21:41:42
Is that a cold storage device?
@_date: 2017-01-28 20:13:17


Correct, but **I never said on-chain**...
That's exactly the problem I was talking about.  I said "we need to find a solution" and you proposed one way that it doesn't work and used this to claim it's impossible.
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:20:02
Hash rate and capacity are completely and totally unrelated to each other.  I have no idea why you even brought that up.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:27:20
Both are the same event and from about a week ago.
There was a sudden and unexpected need to spend around €7000 that I couldn't comfortably do from my fiat bank account without negatively affecting a bunch of other stuff like our family holiday this year.
For the first time ever, I sold some BTC for fiat.
It's a wonderful thing having solved a €7000 problem without negatively impacting anything else in our day to day lives.
It's a horrible thing to see my BTC holdings lower than they were before, knowing full well that it's going to keep going up and up over the long term (on the plus side, I still have healthy BTC hodlings; I definitely didn't sell all, or even the majority).
@_date: 2017-08-06 14:53:47
[The end is neigh!](
@_date: 2018-10-21 09:06:15
I'd say it simply doesn't address the supply aspect at all, nor mining.  However for an ELI5, I'm not sure it needs to.
After reading this, I think most people will have a good basic understanding.  If they find themselves wondering about things like the statement that "*The total number of apples was defined in the public ledger at the beginning.*", then they'll start looking in to how rewards work, how mining works, and ultimately how fees work.
I think what we probably need is an ELI12 or so as a follow on to this ELI5 for exactly these kinds of questions.  It's not so much that the ELI5 is bad, just that it - by necessity - doesn't cover some of the finer details (which are in essence what makes bitcoin so brilliant, but are pretty hard to understand if you've never stopped to think about some of the concepts that make it up).
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:33:56
Selling *all* your coin holdings seems foolish.
It of course makes sense to spend it since otherwise what's the point in owning it?  But a more reasonable plan would be (for example) to wait until 2.5BTC can pay off your mortgage, do so, and hold the remaining 2.5BTC until some fraction of it (e.g. 1.25 BTC) pays for the next really big thing you want.  Rinse and repeat until stability happens.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:07:08
If it's the truth, then yes.
I personally don't like Luke Jr all that much as a person.  I disagree with him fundamentally on many things and I find his personality distasteful in many ways.
That doesn't mean however that I don't respect his skills, capabilities and opinions on bitcoin.  Whether I agree with them or not, I recognise his knowledge and skill in the area and will consider seriously anything he has to say on the topic (this doesn't extend to other topics).
When it comes to his answer to this question, I like it.  He was asked why he personally is interested in bitcoin.  Not why other people should be, not why he thinks other people are, but why he is.  He gave an answer that I am pretty sure is true.  He is interested in it because to him, it's an interesting technology and that's enough.
@_date: 2017-01-12 16:47:19
Currently still true for an averaging of anything over around 20 days.  No need to average as much as a full year.
@_date: 2018-10-21 13:46:06
1. There is more than one person in the world named "Craig Wright".  This should not be surprising.  The LinkedIn profile and book are probably two different Craig Wrights, neither of which is the Australian Craig Wright that claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto.
2. The Australian Craig Wright is not Satoshi Nakamoto.  That claim is laughable.  (I doubt any of the other Craig Wrights are either; but they've got one thing over him in that they never claimed to be)
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:43:28
I'd agree with the terminology, but we both might be wrong.
I've always understood it as being ore -&gt; bullion -&gt; coins.  That is, bullion is simply gold that is refined but has not (yet) been turned in to coins.
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:50:30
From what I see there... yep, pretty much.
@_date: 2018-10-06 14:05:16
I think a lot of people don't think it through far enough.
Most people are effectively always holding some currency.  Whether that currency is BTC, USD, ETH, EUR, or whatever else, they've got some and they use it.
What this means is, they're spending money on stuff regardless of what the currency is.  When I buy an ice cream, it doesn't matter if I used euro or bitcoin.  I now am down "some money" and up "one ice cream".
This is about as far as most people go, and so they conclude, "okay, I'll hold some fiat and some bitcoin.  I'll then spend the fiat and not spend the bitcoin, since it'll go up in value over the long term and the fiat won't".
If they do think about spending bitcoin, they'll talk about "spend and replace", whereby after spending some bitcoin, they "top up" their value from fiat.  I used to do this myself.
However what I realised is that it would be equally as true if they held all of their currency value in bitcoin (which I do now) and just used that without holding fiat.  Why bother temporarily holding fiat if you know you're going to convert it to BTC eventually anyway?  Why not just "top up in advance" as it were?
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:57:17
I use bitWallet. 
The UI is frankly terrible, but it’s got features like transaction batching and manual fee selection that I really don’t want to live without. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:55:12
I opened a Fidor bank account precisely because of Bitcoin. It's so much easier to buy directly from my bank account (using bitcoin.de) than to have to transfer fiat over to an exchange first. 
@_date: 2018-10-07 09:57:52
This depends a lot on:
1. Where in the world you are
2. What payment methods you're willing to consider
3. What level of risk you're willing to take on
The problem usually isn't the bitcoin side of things, it's generally the fiat side of thing.  Bitcoin requires no verification or ID.  Most exchanges and so on do, because they're dealing with fiat currency and there are strict laws in most locations around dealing in it.
The "easiest" way to anonymously acquire bitcoin in most locations is a personal cash for bitcoin trade which you can arrange through things like LocalBitcoins or even CraigsList.  Obviously there's a personal risk factor involved in this and so you'd probably want to take physical precautions such as meeting in a public place (or even somewhere like a police station if you're dealing in a much larger amount).
With a prepaid credit card, I don't think you'll get very far in most parts of the world; but maybe someone else will reply with a good solution.  I certainly don't know of any.
Here in Germany, I get paid in Euro to a bank that has close ties to a bitcoin exchange ([bitcoin.de](  I then just directly exchange my euro for bitcoin after getting paid.  It's not anonymous at all since the bank fully complies with all banking regulations and knows exactly who I am.
If I felt the need to be anonymous, I'd launder my bitcoin via a privacy coin such as Monero before use.  This could be an option for you if you're willing to deal with the time, difficulty and cost of doing so.  Just buy it non-anoymously and then launder it.  Note that in most jurisdictions this isn't illegal since most jurisdictions don't consider cryptocurrency to be money, therefore it's not "money laundering" (despite that being exactly what it is in practice).
In the future, Lightning will improve this greatly, since the only readily traceable transactions will be the opening and eventual closing of channels.  Everything I do with my bitcoin inside Lightning will be much more difficult to trace (not technically impossible, but practically impossible even for major law enforcement organisations if appropriate precautions are taken).
@_date: 2019-11-11 19:06:28
The chances are similar to throwing a dart so hard that it exits our gravity well, flies through space, enters the atmosphere of a planet with intelligent life just right that it doesn't burn up on entry, and bulls-eyes one of their dartboards during a match.
And no, I'm not exaggerating. That's a reasonable approximation.
@_date: 2018-10-25 17:20:57
To be fair, "ln" has meant "natural logarithm" a lot longer than it's meant "Lightning Network".
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:35:17
I think the mistake is in thinking that if that electricity weren't used for bitcoin, it would instead be used for something else.  That's not generally true.
In most of the world, most of the time, only the energy needed is actually produced.  Overproduction is usually not stored but 'wasted' (e.g. converted in to heat or light unproductively) and therefore it's economically nonviable to produce more than necessary.
Bitcoin definitely increases the demand, so you could claim it as a drain on the resources we get the power from (rather than being a drain on "electricity"), but on the scale of things it's actually pretty tiny and as renewable energy sources come more and more in to play, it becomes less and less of a concern.  Overall, I think most of us feel that it's worth it.
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:28:10
I've sold fiat there.  It's quick, easy, and clear.  Simple UI to agree to the trade with another user, SEPA bank transfer, and click on the "confirm" button after doing so.
They support instant trades as well if you've got a Fidor bank account, but I'm a hodler, not a trader, so I've never had that much interest in doing so.
Of course, unlike  the suggestion from the advertisement, I'd never **store** my coins there.  Once I've sold the fiat and got my BTC, I transfer them to a wallet that **I** control.  *If you don't control the keys, they're not your bitcoins.*
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:42:29
No, it really isn't.  Probieren Sie mal sechs oder mehr.  Het is niet zo moeilijk.  Mais quelquefois c'est bizarre.  ありがとうございます。He ra pai.
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:43:08
Many people interpret "hodl" as implying that you don't trade, but don't consider it a restriction on using it.
The original source of the meme can be read this way since he talks about being a bad trader and knowing he's a bad trader.
Trading is a way to try to increase your wealth at the risk of losing some of it.  Spending it is just "something you do with money" and bitcoin is money.
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:28:22
1200/75s weren't that weird.  You could get them as kits that you build yourself, and a few 300baud devices could be 'hack upgraded' to 1200/75 as well.
One of my first electronic projects ever was upgrading from our 300bps acoustic coupler to a 1200/75 self-dialer.
@_date: 2017-01-27 08:32:39
is currently sitting at +1 for me... I think I've probably up and downvoted about 50 different comments from them though, so it looks to be a pretty even split!
@_date: 2017-01-01 16:06:38
Um... yeah, I'm in Europe.  But between midnight and 3am CET, there were the usual little fluctuations.  Midnight hits in eastern US time and all of a sudden both Kraken and Bitstamp stayed very flat for around 3 hours.
Not really meaning anything by it other than it was an interesting thing that seemed worth remarking about.  Both are now ticking along as normal again since then.
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:31:57


Yes, we are.


Then you don't understand Bitcoin.
Rather than write a long reply yet again on the same topic, I think I'll just point you to [this]( and if you have any further questions, please do feel free to ask.
@_date: 2017-01-07 09:40:48
My basic concept is to save them.
However, if there is a choice between paying bitcoin for something or paying fiat, I'll use bitcoin and then immediately replenish this from fiat (often with just a little more in order to increase my savings).
I do this to increase the general usage of bitcoin as a currency, hopefully doing my little part to spur adoption (including showing retailers that they're not wasting their time/effort by accepting BTC; I've heard stories of retailers that used to accept BTC stopping doing so since no-one used it).
@_date: 2017-01-30 21:31:55
Hell, I only own 4 ties... this guy has like 240 of them.
@_date: 2017-08-06 14:55:34
I spend it everywhere I can (and also buy back so I don't decrease my holdings).  However, I won't strongly push for spending adoption until 2nd layer systems are available for scaling reasons.
@_date: 2017-08-06 07:50:01
Interestingly, I don't see either of these things.
I'm aware of Blockstream's existence, but rarely if ever do I actually see anything from or about them.  Some of their employees are active community members here on reddit and elsewhere, but I don't count that as being something the company is doing any more than my involvement here as something my employer is doing.
@_date: 2017-01-14 17:18:12
As both a primarily left-leaning European and believer in the value of knowledge, I find Trump to be a terrible selection for a world leader on many levels.
However, I don't doubt that he loves America and will do what he believes is best for the prosperity and success of the nation.
In many ways, I really don't think he has the political or social skills necessary to pull off the level of advanced duplicity that most high level politicians spend their working lives embroiled in on a day to day basis.
@_date: 2018-10-21 14:34:18
Where did I say anything at all that would make you think that?
My general thoughts on TA is that it's extremely overestimated and considered to be much more useful than it really is.  I think there's a huge number of "patterns" that people see that are nothing but wishful thinking.
The general *concept* of looking at the past behaviour of an investment to help get an idea of how it behaves can be useful, however usually only in conjunction with other data (i.e. the chart on its own is essentially useless; it requires additional data to be compared against).
This is equally true for bitcoin *if you are using it as an investment*.  I however *do not use bitcoin as an investment* and therefore I do not care about its historical (or future) exchange rate with fiat.
@_date: 2018-10-28 05:37:30
Hey there!
Well, the book arrived a couple of days ago but I only just had the chance to read it to my kids last night.
First, here's the feedback from my family:
Daughter, 7 years old:
* Those glasses are so cool!  I want them! (she's more than familiar with bitcoin since we use it regularly; she's never encountered AR before)
* Lisa is a bit silly for not getting help straight away when she realised she's lost.
* Oh wow!  99 bitcoins is a huge amount of money.  You could buy the whole world with that! (me: not quite the whole world, but yes, it is a huge amount of money)
* Can I take this book to school when it fits to one of our class topics so I can read it to the class? (me: yes! very much yes!)
Son, 4 years old:
* The elephant is really funny.  Why doesn't the watermelon break? (he didn't quite 'get' the idea of AR since the book didn't actually explain it well enough for him.  I don't think this is necessarily a problem though, it's just perhaps not targeted at his age)
Wife, mid 30s, German:
* (before I read it) Oh god, another book about bitcoin?
* (after I read it) That's a really cute story, but I think she should have to report finding the money to the police since the original owner probably didn't mean to discard a hard drive with a fortune on it.
Me, late 30s, New Zealander:
* Great kids story in general.  It's cute, funny, and got just the right level of "adventure".
* The artwork fits to the text really well.
* Regarding the artwork, I actually liked the one image you see of the world without the aid of the glasses (at the repair shop) - it's kind of grim and not something that the kids noticed but perhaps an opportunity for commentary and discussion with the kids about looking after our environment on a further reading in the future.
* I thought the bit at the end with the kingdom was a bit unnecessary and just 'tacked on' feeling.  The book would've been just as good without it; but it also didn't really detract from anything, so it's fine.
* As a non-American, I hate reading the word "Mom" out loud, so just replaced it with "Mum" at every point it appeared while reading.  Not something I'd expect you to do anything about (since I assume you are American, and so "Mom" is normal for you), but if you want to have your writing flow better for international audiences, you should reduce the number of instances of words that have significant dialectal differences.
I hope that feedback is useful to you.  And thanks again for a great book that we really thoroughly enjoyed.
@_date: 2017-08-02 09:11:07
I don't see a way to get BCH **in** to Kraken right now.
You'd have it there if you held BTC during the split, since they credited you for it; but I see no way to transfer the BCH that I have on my Ledger right now.
@_date: 2017-08-15 10:32:52
Pay up, because a deal's a deal...
But: I don't see how this hypothetical situation would have ever happened.  Why would I promise to pay back +10% in bitcoin?
In this hypothetical, either I don't understand bitcoin and would prefer to pay back in fiat; or I do understand bitcoin and know that paying back at 10% interest in BTC is an incredibly dumb thing to do.
@_date: 2018-10-01 14:55:52
That depends a *lot* on the mortgage and your own personal wishes for the future.
Many people get themselves in to a lifetime of debt that they're never able to pay off because they fell in to the trap of believing that it's somehow more sensible than paying rent.  It isn't.  If you're going to get a mortgage, make sure you do the maths on it beforehand to make sure you can really afford it and pay it off in a sensible timeframe.
I personally do own property, but I bought it much later in life and I don't actually live in it.  The property I own is somewhere I don't particularly want to live but can make a good return on when I feel like it's time to sell it.  I pay someone to manage it for me and they (as well as rates and other ongoing costs) are paid for out of the rent I charge the tenants.  It's a desirable location in a university town, so it's never been unoccupied for more than two weeks out of the ten years I've had it.  It roughly equals out to me earning "nothing" from it but also paying "nothing" for it, while the value appreciates and it is kept well maintained.  I rent a house where I do live, because I probably won't stay in it for more than a few years at most because I really don't like being stuck in one place.
If however you're the kind of person who will be comfortable living in one place for a long time and have a sensible mortgage, then maybe buying is going to be a good idea.
Note that nowhere in the above did I compare it to buying Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is a very risky investment, and while I do think it will appreciate significantly in the long term, I'm far more interested in simply using it as money than in speculating on its value.
@_date: 2018-10-16 11:04:37
Depends on what you mean by “Blockchain”. 
Basic linked lists have been used for a thousand different purposes over the years. 
If however you mean the complete concept of an immutable shared ledger with Proof of Work, then nothing: Bitcoin was the first to put all the bits and pieces together to create such a thing. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 06:06:22
I understand very well how a blockchain works (perhaps not as well as most of the core devs hanging around here; but I'd bet significantly better than the average of this sub).
That "consensus of nodes" is only possible if they agree on how to ensure that the block is valid.  If there are two apparently valid blocks, the nodes will (generally) consider the first one they received to be valid and that will cause a (generally very short\-lived) chain\-fork.
Rewriting a previous block requires approximately the same amount of work as was put in (globally) to find that block in the first place.
Nodes will also consider the chain with the most accumulated proof\-of\-work to be the valid one in the case where there are visible chain\-forks that are otherwise equally valid.  So if I were to rewrite an old block from the early days that didn't require much work (which is actually really pretty easy), it would be valid in all ways *except* for being a significantly shorter chain and therefore would be discarded in favour of the real chain.
If however I were somehow able to rewrite the most recent block at\-will, other nodes would have no way to know if my block is the "real" valid one or a "fake".  If I were to have the ability to then build on my chain with more proof\-of\-work than the rest of the network, my chain would be valid and I would have successfully rewritten that block.  This is the 'classic' concept of a 51&amp; attack (although I'm fully aware that it gets much more complex once you go in to details).
So no, a "single hash at zero difficulty" doesn't prevent a rewrite, because that "consensus of nodes" can't possibly determine which one is valid if the rewrite also follows all the rules.  The security comes from the difficulty.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:27:54
I got mine when I joined the 1 million club (21 BTC).  That was quite a while ago though when that quantity of BTC wasn't worth nearly as much as it is now.
I'd suggest anyone serious about holding their BTC long term to get a hardware wallet at much lower values (exact value is based on risk tolerance, but as a general expectation, when the price of the device is less than somewhere around 1/4 of the value it's holding, it's probably worth it).
@_date: 2017-01-27 07:21:09
I think the problem comes from false dichotomies.
I want to buy coffee with bitcoin.  If someone tells me that increasing the blocksize makes this less of an issue, I might push for that to happen and start calling people idiots when they tell me they don't think the blocksize should be increased.
Of course, looking in to it, increasing blocksize is fraught with potential new problems and doesn't actually solve all that much in the longer run anyway.  So maybe I should just give up on buying coffee with bitcoin and start calling everyone who wants to do so an idiot.
BOTH of these viewpoints seem to be really common and are missing the point.  There needs to be a solution that allows people to buy coffee (and other small transactions) using bitcoin and doesn't have serious issues.
This is where the Lightning Network comes in (which works better with SegWit than without it).  It would allow people to use bitcoin to make large numbers of small transactions without clogging things up with all these small transactions.
The argument therefore should ONLY be "which of the solutions - bigger blocks or segwit/LN or something else entirely" is best for getting the result we want (buying coffee with bitcoin) with the lowest risk of problems.  Personally, I lean towards segwit, but not having the time to devote to a detailed study of it, I mostly stay out of the fight.  It just annoys me when people are fighting about the wrong question...
^(*note: I'm not saying you're in either of the false dichotomy camps - you did specifically say "on the blockchain" so you almost certainly do understand the problem; I'm more or less just piggybacking my rant on your comment since you mentioned buying coffee*)
@_date: 2019-03-13 05:12:36
I think he is quite literally and directly describing a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2018-06-30 11:02:08
And that's why pools exist.  The barrier to entry is significantly smaller when you don't need enough hash power to consistently find blocks on your own.
Yes, mining equipment is expensive, and expensive to run, so it's definitely not for everyone.  It is however not a "gigantic" barrier to entry to commit hashing resources to a pool and pretty much anyone who can afford a single mining device and the power to run it is able to do so.
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:27:49
Same as - I used it problem-free to dump my BCH for BTC, but don't have any experience beyond that. 
@_date: 2016-11-20 08:59:22
@_date: 2018-06-30 12:04:46
What is now known as the Bitcoin Core client went through a variety of different names earlier.  It was capable of mining (using CPU), which has since been removed since it'd be meaningless/stupid now.
In those early days, I mined 3 or 4 blocks (of 50 coins each) on my home computer.  I then deleted it because - in my uninformed opinion at the time - just wasting CPU cycles and making my computer run hot and noisy.  Of course, a few years later, I realised what I had done, but the HDD where the keys were was physically destroyed long ago, so those 150-200 BTC are completely irrecoverable.
Later, GPU mining was the big thing and that's also when the pools started to appear along with custom rigs of giant arrays of GPU cards.  It didn't take long to move from GPU to ASIC though, and those weird custom rigs only had a limited time in the limelight.
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:32:15
The *entire* point of the meme is that you're not waiting for a "better price".  You don't need to care about the exchange rate to fiat because in the long term, it's a meaningless and irrelevant metric.
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:32:13
I think the problem is that terms like "socialist" often encompass a range of beliefs that are often correlated but not necessarily interdependent. 
I definitely don't agree with all things that are espoused by all people who call themselves socialists. I do however agree with the core tenet that individual prosperity is best achieved through ensuring prosperity of the masses even at the temporary or minor expense of the individual. 
For example, I would rather pay somewhat higher taxes and (collectively) force my neighbour to do so as well with the purpose of those taxes being used for the betterment of society than rely on individual good will or free markets to solve problems like infrastructure and crime. I also believe parents don't 'own' their children and should not be able to opt out of vaccinations (medical exemptions are of course okay) or indoctrinate their children with extreme dangerous beliefs. 
However I also firmly believe in the value of personal freedom where society is either minimally affected or unaffected. I am pro drug legalisation and against most "big brother" initiatives. 
I also believe that all powers granted to governments must be controlled as much as possible to reduce abuse. It should never be easy for the government to define any belief freely as being "extreme and dangerous" and therefore banned. It's a difficult and complex knife edge to balance on, but one that I believe is worth it. 
Where Bitcoin comes in is as one of these controls. I want the government to tax you (and me), but I want us all to have control over our money so that they are not free to take it at will. Should they abuse their power to tax us, we must have the power to say no. 
I'd write more, since the full clarification of my view is much more nuanced than this high level overview, but I'm typing this on an iPhone 5 rather than a real keyboard, which takes far too long for an old fogey like me. 
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:36:23
Sorry, don't have any.  Storing my money in a currency that can be blocked, confiscated, and otherwise manipulated at will by people who certainly don't have my best interests at heart is antithetical to common sense when a better alternative exists.
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:54:17
Agreed. I dumped my BCH on HitBTC as soon as I was able. I got 0.11BTC per BCH and I am quite fine with that. 
I expect wild trading and therefore big swings for a while but long term I don't think BCH will hold significant value and I do think BTC will continue rising. 
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:11:48
Is there anywhere I can actually buy it with BTC?
As a father of two young kids myself, I'd love to get them this, but I can't find anywhere I can buy it with Bitcoin (as a note: I don't live in a country where [purse.io]( is available).
Worst case, I'll just order it from Amazon using my credit card and then pay that off with BTC, but I far prefer to use BTC directly when possible.
@_date: 2018-06-22 10:05:59


Compared to what?!
It's 9 times what it was just 2 years ago...


Increased adoption.
@_date: 2018-10-06 13:31:07
I have an Australian credit card (even though I don't live there now; I used to) and therefore can use the [Living Room of Satoshi]( to make payments on it (actually since I don't have an Australian bank account any more, it's the *only* way I can pay it off!)
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:48:57
No idea.  I have no reasonable way of calculating that.
Probably somewhere in the high double-digits or low triple-digits.
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:10:09
I used to do that, but then I changed my strategy and its no longer possible.
The *reason* it's no longer possible is that I no longer hold enough fiat to buy bitcoin back after spending it.  Instead, I convert essentially all of my non-pre-accounted-for money in to bitcoin the moment I receive it.
(important note: I do have diversified assets of many kinds as investments; I just don't consider bitcoin to be an "investment" but instead just my normal currency.  I don't have a huge amount of it in a similar way to why I wouldn't have huge stores of fiat if bitcoin didn't exist.)
@_date: 2017-01-06 21:54:23
Around $45 USD right now.
Was probably around $10 at the time I just left it there after my last purchase.
Suffice to say, I have a lot more than that in proper storage.  I certainly don't advocate using dark net markets as long term storage locations of coin you care about!
@_date: 2016-12-25 13:09:00
Of course I have regrets about spending it, but in the long run, I know (or at least, strongly expect) the BTC I have (and will continue to acquire) will be worth enough to make me a very happy man regardless.
@_date: 2016-12-25 13:10:57
Ouch.  That's got to sting.
At least I spent mine.  By today's exchange rates, I spent a huge amount; but at least I got something for my money rather than just losing it.
My condolences.
@_date: 2018-06-28 04:36:46
But 1BTC will always equal 1/21000000 of the total supply.  1 Bolivar (or 1 USD, or 1 Euro, or 1 of any other fiat) becomes a smaller percentage of the total supply over time (and in cases like the Bolivar, that can be a very short time).
1BTC = 1BTC has a lot more meaning that 1 Bolivar = 1 Bolivar precisely because of this limited supply.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:43:08
Is it possible?  Sure.
Is it legal?  Depends on where in the world you are.
Is it difficult?  Probably gets more difficult as the values go up (unless you're willing to start talking "mobster" levels of money, in which case it might actually get easier again).
One of the biggest problems will probably be your bank asking where the large amount of fiat money came from unless it's a regular enough occurrence for that account (and over certain values, detailed record keeping is generally a legal requirement in many places even if they don't ask about it immediately).
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:41:04
Honestly what I find personally most rewarding about bitcoin (separate to the much greater public good) is that you really need to understand and get familiar with several vastly different domains of knowledge to even begin to get a grip on how it all works.
You can't really claim to have a *good* understanding of bitcoin without at least a rudimentary (and preferably deeper) understanding of (in no particular order and likely incomplete):
* Macro-Economics
* Micro-Economics
* Game theory
* Philosophy
* Open Source Software Design Practices
* Politics
* Cryptographic Systems
* Distributed Systems
* Physics
* Information Theory
* ... and where each of these intersect with the others
It makes me appreciate Satoshi even more when I stop to think about it and means if I get tired of reading one type of book, I can switch to another nearly completely different field and *still* apply the knowledge to furthering my understanding of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-25 13:04:42
I just checked historical rates, and it was apparently around $4.10 per coin at the time.
Yep, regrets!
@_date: 2019-08-27 06:59:58
When you:
|Sold bitcoin on time|You're a gullible fool that got lucky this time, you can't predict the future, no matter what you think.|
|Re-bought on time|You're a gullible fool that got lucky this time, you can't predict the future, no matter what you think.|
|Lost a lot still holding|You didn't lose anything, you have the exact same amount of BTC as before.|
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:08:26


You're welcome.  I like educating people who are genuinely interested in learning.


Mostly because it simplifies things.  It might sound less simple, but I used to follow this logic:
1. Bitcoin - in the long term - is going up in value, even if we don't know what it's doing in the short term.  
2. Fiat currencies go down in value fairly predictably (until they crash completely, AKA hyperinflation).   
3. Therefore: If I spend $500 worth of bitcoin on something then that amount of bitcoin will be worth a lot more at some point in the future and I'll regret it.  
4. Therefore: If I spend bitcoin, I should replace it using my fiat so that I don't end up with less Bitcoin when it becomes more valuable.
However, then I added these obvious points to my thought process:
5. Any fiat I hold on to is fiat that I *could have* exchanged for bitcoin.  
6. Therefore: If I have $500 worth of fiat simply sitting in my bank and I don't convert it to bitcoin, the amount of bitcoin that I could have exchanged it for will be worth a lot more at some point in the future and I'll regret not doing it.  
7. Therefore: Holding fiat currency makes no sense and I should only hold bitcoin.
I still make transactions in fiat currency, because it's not yet possible to live only on bitcoin payments directly; however I do so by using a fiat based credit card that I can pay off using bitcoin, removing me from the negative risk of holding fiat.
More recently (a few months ago), I simplified it even further by getting my employer to pay me in Bitcoin directly.
I still have a bank account because it's unfortunately it turns out to be very difficult to live in most western societies without one even if you don't use it.  I keep its balance on zero pretty much all the time.  There are occasions where some company or biller requires a bank transfer as the only payment method and I can't easily find an alternative to them.  In those cases, I'll exchange just enough bitcoin for fiat to make that payment as close as possible in time to the payment, so that my bank has fiat in it for the shortest amount of time possible.


* Force the use of a payment QR code that isn't widely supported (BIP70), limiting your choice in wallets.  They don't provide simple addresses and amounts to pay to, so you're forced to use it.
* That standard lets them set the network fee, which they set way higher than it should be, making you pay more than you should.
* They charge an *additional* fee on top for themselves, which they claim is to cover forwarding the amount to the merchant.  They do this whether the merchant takes it as bitcoin or fiat; meaning they're taking a fee for forwarding even when they don't forward it.
* They *also* charge merchants by giving them a below standard exchange rate.  Essentially, charging both sides of the transaction.
* They actively promote non-bitcoin cryptocurrencies (i.e. "shitcoins"), making untrue statements about them to promote their use over Bitcoin (I assume due to investment in those coins).
* Refuse to consider technologies that will make customer's lives easier, such as the implementation of Lightning Network payments.
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:34:42
Nope.  You're thinking of a 51% attack on mining.  Enforcement of network rules has nothing to do with the miners and so a 51% attack can't do that.
@_date: 2019-08-15 18:26:41
Banks will likely continue to exist for a very long time.  But the banks of the Bitcoin dominated world will look nothing like our banks today.  Just as Netflix is no longer a company that sends you DVDs in the post, banks will evolve.
@_date: 2019-08-31 17:15:03


Yes, that's a reasonable definition.


To be "the most efficient", there must be no known way that provides either more security for the same energy use or the same security for less energy use.  Describe to me any manner in which this can be achieved, and I'll accept that PoW is not the most efficient.
Spending more energy provides higher security, but that's completely irrelevant to the level of security provided per unit of energy expended.


That's a misleading statement because it equates transactions with mining costs.  The number of transactions is irrelevant to the mining costs.  The mining costs today would be the same with one one-hundredth of the number of transactions or with a million times the number of transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-14 07:09:07
This subreddit is about Bitcoin.
As per the general description text, "*You might be interested in Bitcoin if you like cryptography, peer-to-peer systems, or economics*".  This gives a general set of themes that one can/should expect to see here.
There are specific rules (no altcoins, no begging, etc), and I'll agree this doesn't break any of those.
However, the "submit" buttons on the page very clearly say, "*Submit link NOT about price*" and "*Submit text NOT about price*".  This post is - quite clearly - ignoring that guidance.
The "price" (or as I prefer to call it, "exchange rate") simply isn't really all that interesting and most of the time posts about it aren't actually *about* Bitcoin.  A post about the economic principles of Bitcoin and how that influences the exchange rate certainly would be, but [post isn't about that.  Their post is about making a bet on the future exchange of Bitcoin to USD and how it relates to reddit sentiment.
Put another way, this post is primarily about how reddit sentiment influences speculative bets.  It belongs in this subreddit about as much as speculation on the price of high-fructose corn syrup belongs in a subreddit dedicated to corn farming (not "corn farm**ers**" but really "corn farm**ing**").  That is: While there certainly are relationships and crossovers in interest, it really is off-topic.
@_date: 2019-08-03 18:30:44
Thanks for the hint.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:38:24


Why would you think that?  Every additional hash\-per\-second is one more hash\-per\-second (on average) that needs to be calculated to rewrite that block.  Therefore every increase to the hash rate is an increase to the security.
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:44:52
A second copy in a bank vault (using banks for what they're supposed to be for!) or similar remote location is a very good start. 
No matter how well you protect it, if it's only in one location, destruction or permanent loss is much higher than when in more than one location. 
@_date: 2019-08-08 08:30:16
Glad to hear it.  Until you do though, I stand by my statement.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:39:28


I disagree.  I use Bitcoin as my primary currency and don't find it to be terrible at all.
Note that I *do* agree that on-chain payments are a terrible payment solution and I don't strongly encourage widespread adoption of that; however that doesn't mean it's a terrible currency.  I think that's a distinction that needs to be made more clearly.


Volatility isn't actually that big of a deal if you're earning money and spending it relatively close together.  There's seldom more than about 10% difference between the value when I get some BTC and when I spend that BTC.  Sometimes it's down and sometimes it's up, so it's kind of a wash in the end on short timescales and very positive on longer timescales (i.e. the savings that I don't spend).
@_date: 2019-08-13 13:23:08
There are also functional drug users that aren't addicts at all... although I'll admit amongst regular opiate users it often is just a matter of time (not always though; there are the rare regular users that don't develop addictions).
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:02:43
For many of us, it's a very uninteresting question.
There's more to bitcoin than just the fiat exchange rate!
@_date: 2019-08-05 04:01:43
You might have a definition problem here. A wallet is just a bit of software that manages your private keys and provides an easier abstraction to managing (sending and receiving) your bitcoin. 
I think what you’re asking about is how you go about getting any bitcoin to begin with since most exchanges where you could trade some dollars (or other fiat currency) for bitcoin require identification and so on. 
That’s harder. Not because of Bitcoin itself but usually because of the regulations around these companies dealing with fiat. 
You might want to look in to earning bitcoin directly for small jobs or selling things for bitcoin. Alternatively you could find someone else that is willing to give you bitcoin for fiat in person but if it’s not someone you know personally there can of course be risks of getting mugged or similar and ending up with nothing.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:36:12
Not quite the best comparison... the more people that use TOR, the better it gets.  The more people that use Monero, the worse it gets.
Monero is something I'd call a project that had a neat idea and works well on the research paper level, but isn't practical or implementable in the real world.  It can serve no purpose as a global money and has to remain niche.  It will then be rendered completely useless by strong privacy being added to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:42:56
But *I* didn't claim that (nor would I), so I'm not sure where your "FAIL" comes from.
Like I said though \- some energy is being wasted.  It's not a big deal, because there are absolutely NO systems we have that are 100&amp; energy efficient.  Everything wastes some energy.  So it makes more sense to talk about how efficient it is.  That is, how much of the energy being spent is going towards what you want (e.g. moving a car, or doing hashes) vs how much is being spent towards things you don't want (e.g. heat and noise).
Mining is very efficient.  That means the vast majority of the energy expenditure is not wasted.  It does however produce heat and noise that are unwanted side effects (the "goal" effect is hashes), therefore it's not 100&amp; efficient.
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:53:02


I never claimed I could.


No, but I don't need to in order to disprove my understanding of the god claim made in the Christian Bible because I don't think it's a particularly complex claim.
I certainly am open to the idea that I don't understand the claim as intended and that it might be far more complex than I am aware, but without someone actually presenting evidence in that direction, I see no good reason to examine it any more deeply than I already have.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:31:07
As someone who has worked in technology development for over 20 years, I can say that nothing spurs development better than demand.  Pushing for mass adoption doesn't mean it'll happen overnight and we won't be ready for it, but as adoption increases, so does the incentive for technology development.  They can grow together.
@_date: 2017-08-05 14:35:47
Because the base word is *chain*, which in German is *Kette*.  *Kette* takes the feminine article (*Die Kette*), so that makes *Blockchain* take it as well.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:28:09
Imagine the following fictitious scenario:
* There are 500 FooCoin (FC).
* There are 5 people in the total market and each sees zero value in holding FooCoin other than for speculation (i.e. to sell to other people for dollars, trying to make a profit by selling higher than they bought it for).
* Each person has 100 FooCoin each.
* Alice sells her 100 FooCoin to Bob for $1.00 each because she believes the going asking rate in dollars will go down and he believes it will go up.
* Bob then offers 200 FooCoin on the market for $1.05 each and Alice puts in an offer to buy up to 100 FooCoin for $0.95 each.
* The other 3 people all have buy/sell offers of $1.00 exactly.
* These 3 people see the Alice/Bob offers and now estimate the price to be somewhere around $1.03 per FC.
* This continues on and on with big price spikes and dips.
You can scale this up to as many participants as you like and it doesn't fundamentally change anything other than the complexity as long as the beliefs stay the same.  However, now imagine that you're able to spend FooCoin at any retailer both online and in person and doing so is in some way easier, cheaper, more private, or otherwise has advantages over using dollars.
In this scenario, most people want to hold on to some FooCoin for the purpose of making purchases.  This effectively reduces the supply available to be traded back and forth.  Now:
* There are still 500 FooCoin.
* Each FooCoin is subdivisible in to 100000 facoshis, or "facs" for short.
* There are now 50000 people in the total market.
* Each person has 0.01 FooCoin each (1000 facs), of which most want to keep 990 facs in their wallet for purchasing goods and services in the same way as most people currently keep some fiat in their wallets and/or bank accounts for making purchases.
* Alice sells 500 facs to Bob at a rate of $1.00/FC because she believes the going asking rate in dollars will go down and he believes it will go up.
* Bob then offers 1000 facs on the market at a rate of $1.05/FC and Alice puts in an offer to buy up to 500 facs at a rate of $0.95/FC.
* The rest of the market all have buy/sell offers of $1.00 exactly. (yes, massively unrealistic, but I'm simplifying)
* The rest of the market sees the Alice/Bob offers and estimates the dollar rate of FooCoin to be at a tiny fraction of a cent over $1.00.
* This continues on and on with tiny price spikes and dips.
Of course, at this point, the dollar is likely to collapse and disappear entirely, removing speculation from the mix entirely; but this is a reasonable simplification of the brief period of time before that happens.
After it happens and FooCoin is the only currency that anyone uses, [this reply from me]( to explains how the value inflates or deflates with the market itself, however the percentages would be tiny since markets don't really grow or shrink all that fast percentage-wise (far far smaller than the artificial inflation we see with fiat currencies; so it'd be "mostly stable" for all reasonable intents and purposes).
@_date: 2016-12-25 08:33:35
Sorry... perhaps a miscommunication.
I meant if the value were 10k USD, then 50BTC would be a **total** of 500k, which is definitely not enough.  If each BTC were 500k each, then sure, I'm with you on easy street there!
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:23:46
I'd second suggestion of NBitcoin.  I've used it myself and it's definitely very straightforward while still giving you control of the underlying functionality rather than abstracting it away in to "helpful" higher level concepts that you might not actually want/need as I've seen from a lot of other packages.
@_date: 2019-08-30 21:45:55


The cry of conspiracy-minded nutjobs everywhere...


Yes, and I'm also aware of how incompetent and toothless these organisations are.  Getting the most trivial of actions to take place is very difficult for them.  Having worked directly with some of these organisations on more than one occasion in my life, the idea of them actually posing any real threat to something like Bitcoin is a joke at best.


Even in this hypothetical world of yours where they have this level of power, we could just collectively agree that after a certain block number, SHA256 hashes are no longer used and switch to a different algorithm instead.  The effort they went through to shut down and take over the mining equipment is instantly worthless.


Which wouldn't be Bitcoin.  I don't doubt there will be multiple "GovCoins" in the coming years.  And since none of them have the properties that Bitcoin does, they'll be as uninteresting as every other fiat and will suffer the same fate.
@_date: 2019-08-18 09:31:56


I doubt it.  Continued development looks to be nearly non-existent.
Regardless, I only use it as a matter of it being the only mobile wallet that gives me the level of control I want over my UTXOs.  It's missing quite a few things I actually really want, including native SegWit (but also RBF).
Once we (the company I work for) releases v1.x of our new wallet, I'll switch to that (v1.0 I won't; because that's "basic features only" which doesn't actually meet my needs - we'll be adding all the stuff I really want immediately after that though).
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:25:47
Perfect example of reality taking a swing at me after saying something... there hasn't been a block found in the last 60 minutes (this is normal and expected; it only averages 10 minutes, random variance happens) and so everything's backing up.  It'll probably be a couple of hours until the backlog from that clears.
The miners will be happy though, a lot of really high fee transactions have been submitted in the meantime (again, really unnecessarily for most of them; I'm still pretty certain that 8 hours from now it'll be near empty).
@_date: 2019-08-30 07:37:41
(I hope you allow me to quote you out of order, since it makes my reply easier to parse; I promise I'm not doing it to try to be dishonest, but if you feel it is, then please do point it out)


Partially, but not even to the extent of 1/4 of all Bitcoin.  In my example, the US got up to around 4 million before collapsing entirely, which is a bit under 1/5 of all Bitcoin.  And I was being quite generous with my numbers.  I actually can't imagine any country realistically even getting 1/10 of all Bitcoin via this method without economic harm to themselves.


If you expand that to be even slower - maybe over a period of several years - then yes, I think governments can amass larger amounts without influencing the markets too significantly.  This would allow them to get larger amounts than trying to do it all at once, but no matter how slowly they do it, they're effectively removing that coin from the available supply and thereby pushing the value up for the supply that remains liquid on the markets.  No matter how slowly they do it, I still think 10% is close to a realistic upper limit for anyone starting now.  Maybe 20% if they are *really* good at gaming things but I'd be very doubtful of anyone making claims of that extent with any level of certainty.


It would be significant economic power, but we need to be careful to distinguish between types of power and also how they hold up in an economic system with fixed supply.  No matter how much Bitcoin they own, they only have the ability to influence its value in relation to goods and services (i.e. economic power) and not the ability to change the rules of Bitcoin itself.
Economic power is certainly extremely desirable for governments, but fixed supply currencies - like Bitcoin - also have other properties that reduce this over the longer term.
It's easier to first understand it the other way around: in the current system, being rich provides you with a lot of power and the ability to get even richer with very little work, because it allows you to move closer to the source of new money creation.  New money creation is essentially a way of reducing everyone's purchasing power but allowing those who see the money first to buy things at the "old" value (before the market at large sees the new money) with the money that was created.  By the time it reaches the majority of people, the money has been priced in to the costs of goods and services (for those furthest away, generally the price of things increases *before* their income increases to match, which is the worst possible situation to be in and why we see growing gaps between the rich and poor).
With a fixed supply, you can much more easily model wealth as a percentage of the total economy and when talking about economic power, this also makes sense.  To clarify: Someone with 10% of all money in existence has more economic power than someone with 5% of all money in existence, even if the economy as a whole has grown twice as large so that those percentages are equivalent in terms of purchasing power.
Also with a fixed supply, the only way to get more money is for people to give it to you (generally in exchange for goods and services unless you simply go out and take it surreptitiously or by threat of force (e.g. extortion, theft, wars, taxes, etc)).  This tends to favour individuals and businesses that "do things" rather than those that just shuffle money around.  Traditional Keynesian-styled banks, investment companies, loan sharks, and so on have a very hard time operating under a fixed supply economy.
The main point here being that under a fixed supply any groups (whether individuals, companies, or governments) that are very rich don't necessarily stay that way unless they actually do something to earn it.  Money flows from those who want to spend money on goods and services to those who provide goods and services.  Sitting around doing nothing and just living off your money only works until it runs out (which for the mega-rich individuals could be well past their lifetime; so they did indeed get a good deal out of the whole thing; but it's also irrelevant in the bigger picture.  The world isn't fair now, Bitcoin makes it more fair in some specific ways (certainly not all), but it also takes time for these sorts of things to sort themselves out).
I could write a lot more about this, but if you're interested in it, you might want to look through my comment history for other long comments where I've already gone in to detail about debt and the pricing of goods and services under a fixed supply, otherwise this reply will just be repeating a lot of things and end up much longer than it already is.  If you can't find one that answers any questions you have, please feel free to ask and I'll either write another reply or link one that I think answers your specific questions.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:49:26
No problem.  Always happy to help someone that has honest questions, no matter what level they're at.
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:08:58
Alright, yet *another* thing to dislike [blockchain.com]( for...
You should prepare some kind of canned response whereby you:
1. Give them a new address
2. Advise them to switch wallets for their own sake
@_date: 2019-08-02 04:25:02
1. Losing the devices
2. "Bitrot" (corruption) of the devices
3. Loss/forgetting of where/how the seed is stored
4. Loss of PGP private key for decryption
5. Loss/forgetting of password(s) for accessing encrypted storage
6. Software attacks against decrypted version of seed in memory when accessed
@_date: 2019-08-02 06:46:35
Not generally so much of an issue for CDs or flash drives... but yes, I'd put that as a sub-case of  storage corruption.
@_date: 2016-12-30 13:39:27
@_date: 2016-12-25 13:07:19
Those 63.63BTC would have cost me around $260 USD (I had to look it up just now, I don't actually remember the purchase specifically).
If I had kept it until now, it would sell for around $54500 USD.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:16:14






Are these two things somehow in conflict?
I make zero predictions about the short term movements in exchange rate/purchasing power.
Long term, 1 BTC is enough to be set for life.  "Long term" may be 5 years, 20 years, 100 years, or 200 years.  I have no idea.  I'm guessing I'll be either dead or too old to really enjoy whatever wealth my BTC represents at that point, but I might get lucky and I have a lot more hope that my kids or theirs will significantly benefit.
@_date: 2019-08-29 16:04:41


You really need to work on understanding what people are telling you.  I already agreed that it's a fact.  However, you most certainly are making a claim.  You are making a claim that happens to be a fact in the same way I would be were I to claim that my car is outside.  It doesn't cease to be a claim just because its a fact.


It's also a claim - which again, doesn't say anything about whether it's true or not.  As you haven't yet provided any information to back it up, it's an unsubstantiated claim.  That STILL doesn't say anything about whether it's true or not, only that you haven't yet provided the information.  As soon as you provide the information, it will be a substantiated claim.  Even then, it may be true or false.  The quality of the information you provide as substantiation for the claim would be the determining factor as to whether I'd consider the claim as likely true or not.
Just to be crystal clear here: I'm not arguing with what you're saying, I'm just trying to correct your usage of epistemological terms that have very specific meanings and you're using incorrectly.
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:13:16
"Both sides of a story" is also often abused well beyond what is reasonable.
If someone makes the claim that drinking lava is dangerous, is it worth searching out the idiot that believes otherwise just to get "both sides of the story"?
I remember her almost swooning about how wonderful some shopping token was at some point  (might have been "Shopin" but I can't be sure since it appears any relevant videos have been deleted from YouTube) when anyone with any understanding of the ecosystem would realise that there was zero value to having it as a token and it could be implemented more easily and without sacrificing anything as a centralised database since it required centralised sources of truth anyway.
If she wants to just be some person talking about stuff then fine, but if she wants to be seen as a journalist, she needs to realise that it's a journalist's responsibility to report the truth, not act as a shill for anyone that's willing to be on camera with you.
I can definitely understand the desire to do so from her point of view.  YouTube personalities generally make their living from what YouTube pays them out of the ad revenue.  She can make a lot more money shilling with a large number of videos than she can doing deeper investigative journalism.  That's all totally fine, but representing that as journalism is extremely dishonest.
@_date: 2019-08-02 13:25:49


Then why doesn't it appear anywhere else?  Including my node on the computer right in front of me?


How can anyone possibly know that the site you linked to is using that block explorer?  Even if they see it, how would they know it's correct and not unmodified?
I actually just tried visiting it from a sandboxed VM... it gave me a "bad gateway" response.


There are many ways: Malware on the site; social engineering to ask them to enter a private key or send BTC to an address; etc.


They're "interesting" in that they don't appear to exist.  So if they are real, they're somehow not being propagated through the network, which would be odd and therefore interesting.


I did just say something about them... they don't appear to exist.


I wasn't.  Rude would be saying your mother was a cheap whore.  All I did was say you're either an idiot or a scammer, which is clearly evidenced by the facts at hand.


No, some of us are here to teach and a part of that is helping others realise when something looks like it could be a scam.
Whether you **are** scamming or not is beside the point.  The fact that your post **looks like** a scam is the problem.  If you're completely and totally honest about those transactions and that block explorer really does exist and isn't dodgy at all, then you failed catastrophically at creating a post that looks like your actual intent of being an honest question.  Because it does absolutely and completely look like a scam.
That is why I say the only other alternative is you being an idiot.  It's got nothing to do with being ignorant or unaware of any particular topic.  It takes idiocy to craft a well meaning question and come out looking like a scammer.
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:40:10
The transaction fee that you pay is decided by you (or by your wallet for you; but it was your choice to use a wallet that doesn't give you a choice).
This means that the halving itself doesn't have a direct effect on the transaction fee.  What does have an effect on what you will likely decide/want to pay for a transaction fee is how many other transactions there are waiting and what fee levels they decided to pay.
There's no specific reason that the halving would directly influence the number of transactions either.  It may cause the fiat exchange rate to rise, increasing interest, which increases transactions, but that's a secondary effect (making any effect on transaction fees a tertiary effect).
What you can expect from the halving is either an increase in the value as the rate of new supply has slowed while demand has no reason to decrease (and thus is expected to at least stay level if not increase); or a decrease in the global hash rate as the least efficient miners - in the absence of an increase in BTC value - find themselves unable to pay their power bills with the newly reduced reward.
Neither of these has a direct influence on the transaction fees, but both can have an indirect (secondary, tertiary, or further) effect.
@_date: 2019-08-08 08:04:55
[No function to transfer BTC out of their system](
In other words: there is no evidence that Metal actually have the BTC that they claim is yours.  It's "paper BTC" until they add this.
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:39:44
She can be... but she's also not above being a shill at times and doesn't really understand deeper details about the technology or the economic principles.  With a surface understanding, she can do a lot of good, but she can also do quite a lot of harm.
For example, if she gets an interview with a shitcoin promoter, she'll happily gush about the wonders of their concept without a moment hesitation or analysis as to whether the idea actually makes any sense at all or is just another group of people jumping on the "tokenisation" bandwagon to pump it profit.  It's actually sometimes hard to tell if she actually believes them or not, which is also quite disturbing really.
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:15:41
"Muppet" is common British slang for essentially any person that they don't like and perceive as foolish or wrongheaded.
@_date: 2018-10-21 19:24:57
A phrase I've taken to using a lot when trying to explain it simply with something that will 'stick' in people's heads is, "*Bitcoin is honest money*".
It usually then requires an explanation, but once they're happy with the explanation they received, they'll at least remember that phrase (and accept it as true) without having to remember the details.  It's also a good phrase in that it prompts people to ask more.  Most people never stopped to even think about the fact that their current money is essentially *dishonest*.
@_date: 2019-08-12 03:33:46
One big problem with the world today is that too many people think that an idea they have in their head is equally as valid as someone else's.
If I say that the Eiffel Tower is made of iron and you say it's made of plastic, these aren't just "opinions", they're statements about the facts of reality.  Being honest, I'd indeed have to say that I can't actually be completely sure that it's made of iron.  I've never tried chipping away the paint and looking underneath and have only seen it up close twice in my life.  So, I'd assign it a "very high chance" of being made of iron and a "very low chance" of being made of plastic.
These are still the same facts of reality.  Just because I'm honest in saying I can't be completely sure, it doesn't change the facts as they are.
It isn't *my opinion* that Craig Wright isn't Satoshi; it's my reasoned observations about the facts of reality.  I'm not completely sure of it in the same way that I'm not completely sure the Eiffel Tower isn't made of something other than iron.
If you want to argue about the reasons I hold this view, that's fine, but simply saying that it's my opinion and that yours is somehow equally as valid without presenting any valid evidence is intellectually dishonest argumentation.
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:36:15
In that case, I think we just have a terminology difference.  I agree with you, but I'd say that *almost no one* does journalism these days, not that the definition of journalism should be considered different.
@_date: 2019-08-13 13:24:40
With that description, he sounds a lot like me really... except his drugs of choice and video games of choice don't really match mine.  And looking at his profile, not much else matches either... but at least the basic description works.
@_date: 2018-06-30 03:52:34


Actually that's exactly backwards.
It's getting easier to compete with new mining hardware because the current manufacturers are running up against the limits of what can be done.  It used to be the case that every new generation would be significantly better than the last, but there are many indications that from now on, the improvements will be much more moderate.  This means that new players can take advantage of the know-how and produce mining hardware of a similar cost:hashing performance ratio.   Mining hardware manufacturers will likely then compete with each other by offering unique services or value on top of their hardware and its at this point that significant diversification will begin to occur.
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:29:25
Not if the definition of "scam" includes that they're *knowingly* ripping people off.  I could believe that 0.1% of cloud mining providers actually think they're providing an honest and useful service (even though they aren't).
@_date: 2019-08-05 05:13:20
I would imagine the IRS only asked about accounts:
1. On exchanges
2. With customers under the jurisdiction of the IRS
3. That they know about 
4. And didn’t self-report already 
There’s no realistic way to know what percentage of people who own bitcoin that is nor anything about how much they have. 
People could give you estimates of how many people own “x or more” bitcoin, but there’s a good chance that any guesses are orders of magnitude wrong. I don’t see any value in even trying to guess.
@_date: 2016-12-25 19:54:50
Yep, that's the transaction alright.
I didn't obfuscate the timestamps and amounts, knowing full well the possibilities.  I only obfuscated the "Label" column because I have some private labels in there (e.g. friends' names).  If it were all just addresses, I would've left the whole thing in the clear.
@_date: 2019-08-07 17:45:31
"quantum" != "magic"
We're well aware of what kinds of quantum attacks are possible against Bitcoin because we understand how quantum computers work.  The reason we understand how they work is that they already exist.  Scaling them up to more qbits would allow attacks against *some* aspects of Bitcoin, but at no point does it let you "break the chain" and "steal bitcoin with impunity".
Probably the most dangerous quantum attack is that if a public key (not private key) has been exposed, the private key can be calculated more easily, allowing for funds to be stolen.  However, as long as you're using an HD wallet and don't reuse addresses, this attack isn't likely to impact you.  We can also avoid in entirely by switching to quantum resistant keypair systems.
The proof-of-work in the chain is all based around double-hashing with SHA256.  ~~SHA256 is weakened by quantum attacks, but only to the point that it'll only take you a few times the age of the universe with a powerful quantum computer to rewrite Bitcoin's blockchain rather than very many times the age of the universe~~.  In other words, not something worth worrying about for the foreseeable future.
(Edit: The above crossed out text is conjecture at best... SHA256 might have some potential hash collision attacks but anything considered right now wouldn't weaken the double-hash mechanism at all so it's not fair to even assume the improvement I did.)
If we were to find a SHA256 weakness that a powerful future quantum computer could exploit, we'd switch well before it becomes an issue.  The attacker wouldn't just have to break the old SHA256 part of the chain, but also all new work added on top with the quantum-proof replacement that we used.  Despite being technically different, practically speaking it wouldn't be all that different to the fact that current ASICs could rewrite the first few hundred Bitcoin blocks in the blink of an eye since the difficulty on them is so low.  It's irrelevant because we've got a chain of much harder blocks sitting on top of them.
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:26:49
The burden of proof is *never* on the one denying the claim, it's on those making the claim.  I deny the existence of unicorns, fairies, gods, alien abductions, bigfoot, and the chupacabra.
I don't deny the ability of rich people to manipulate the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin by performing large trades in a small market.  I also however don't care about their ability to do this because it's utterly unimportant to what Bitcoin is and why it exists.  It will also become less possible as the market grows, as they hold an ever smaller percentage of the total.
@_date: 2019-08-30 08:55:20
Thousands - maybe tens of thousands - up.  No idea exactly, I stopped calculating things in fiat a long time ago.
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:24:37


Good advice.




Unfortunately not good advice.  Like many fee estimators, it grossly overestimates the amount that someone should pay.  If everyone relies on these, it just makes everyone end up paying far more than they should.
@_date: 2019-08-09 09:57:55
I didn't read through the whole paper, but I skimmed it...
As far as I can see, it does the following:
* Describes that scammer are extorting money via spam, as has happened for many years in the past.
* Describes that Bitcoin is now suggested by the s\[c|p\]ammers as the payment method; likely because of its payment finality.
* Describes some blockchain analysis techniques and extracts data from these techniques to make some educated guesses about the amount of money that they make.
* Describes the various things they write and a bit about their data sources.
* Describes the costs they have.
* Describes the amount they ask for.
Honestly, the paper seems to be more about the scam methodology and analysing that aspect than anything about Bitcoin.  The Bitcoin blockchain is a useful data source for some of the analysis that they do, but I really don't think this paper actually has much to do with Bitcoin at all.
Interesting paper, but maybe somewhat off topic for @_date: 2019-08-21 04:55:15
Hold on, you're comparing it to dollars?  Which lose real value over time *by design*?  How is that even remotely reasonable when talking about the definition of "store of value"?
@_date: 2019-08-23 16:01:54


You're welcome.  I also enjoy productive debates where neither side resorts to trolling, name-calling, or that sort of thing, so I must also thank you for the same.
@_date: 2016-12-25 12:44:56
I'm aware of it, and don't mind at all.
Thanks for pointing it out anyway though, as it's good for anyone else who might consider doing the same to be aware of this.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:44:00
No, it shows the on-chain ledger entries to the world.  Those might or might not reflect actual real-world transactions.
For example, if I make a Bitcoin transaction in the Lightning Network, there is no unique on-chain transaction reflecting it and only the aggregate will be recorded when the smart contract representing the channel between me and another party (who is very unlikely to be the only person I was transacting with (and maybe not someone I was transacting with at all)) is closed.
Or, the ledger entry may represent many different transactions happening simultaneously even without a separate payment network like Lightning.  Multi-signature, multi-input, multi-output transactions could have only a single real-world participant or could have many real-world participants, you can't possibly know this without them having given that information away separately.
@_date: 2019-08-21 10:11:44
I don’t see how what these people do has anything to do with Bitcoin’s potential success or failure. About the worst they could do is spread mistrust based on misunderstandings which could delay things a bit if laws started getting implemented around those misunderstandings. In no way is anything they do capable of “fucking” Bitcoin though.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:42:57
Dear sir, I am interested in buying this unknown company with unknown assets, unknown cashflow, unknown staffing, unknown location, and unknown legal status.  I will offer you the total amount of money in the cupboard immediately to my right.  In the spirit of the deal, this is unknown.  I will require that you first sign a contract that I will write later.  Also in the spirit of the deal, you are not permitted to read the contract prior to signing, except the part that states the rest of it is legally binding even with the knowledge that you don't know what you were agreeing to.
Sound fair?
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:57:50


I can't do that and I didn't claim I could.  I claimed I can disprove the claim that I understand from the text.  If I give the argument for that, you can simply claim that my understanding is wrong, and we really haven't got anywhere.
The disproof of the claim that I understand is [here](  However I won't say that that disproves "the Christian God" because there are millions of different interpretations of what that is, and I don't claim any knowledge of all of them.
Make some definitive statements about your god and I'll be happy to either disprove them or tell you that I can't.
@_date: 2019-08-29 15:50:45
I'll grant you your first premise, and your conclusion if the second premise can be shown to be true (the whole thing is actually missing a few other premises to actually be a clear syllogism - such as "Bitcoin is fundamentally mathemetical" - but I'm fine with filling those in myself since they're pretty straightforward and I don't dispute them)
So, for your second premise ("God is Logic"):
1. Prove to me that a god or gods exist.
2. Prove to me that the god or gods proved in step 1 are a necessary component for logic to exist.
Then I might be okay with accepting the conclusion you came to.
@_date: 2019-08-22 17:13:31


I have no idea.  But I guess you will have trouble with their "Know your customer" requirements when it's obvious that your details don't match the country you're appearing to connect from.


I'm really not the best person to ask these questions sorry.  I don't use exchanges at all these days because I get paid in bitcoin.  So, I can tell you quite a lot about wallets for storing, sending, and receiving Bitcoin, but pretty much nothing about exchanging fiat currency for it.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:26:27
!lntip 1234
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:25:52
Just to add to my other reply; it looks like Kraken are trading BCH, but not accepting deposits of it.  So right now, I'm stuck with my BCH in my Ledger hardware until I can find a way to sell it.
@_date: 2019-08-23 03:47:29
I am not watching a 23 minute video to try to understand his views on why on PoW is bad.  If you can provide a link where I can read something or get a summary, I'll respond to that.
In general though:
1. PoW isn't wasteful, it's extremely efficient.  It never uses more energy than is worth it.  This is because if it does, the least efficient miners turn off first since they're no longer making profit.
2. PoW is the most secure system since it's based on a fundamental property of the universe - energy.  In other systems, all it takes to rewrite the chain is collusion of those allowed to do so (e.g. in proof of stake, bribing those with a high stake).  In PoW, even if all the miners *wanted* to rewrite historical parts of the chain, they'll need to spend that energy over again.
3. PoW uses the cheapest energy first.  This is usually renewables and "excess" energy production that usually gets wasted (because that gets sold cheaply).  Bitcoin can therefore be seen as energy cost arbitrage between cheap energy locations and expensive energy locations.
4. PoW doesn't scale in cost with transactions or network usage.  This means anyone projecting mass Bitcoin adoption as "destroying the planet" or having "unsustainable energy costs" has no idea what they're talking about.
@_date: 2019-08-15 14:59:39
Agreed. Don’t see how that’s relevant though. 
“My daughter is currently 8, therefore I cannot possibly ever become a grandfather.”  See how ridiculous that sounds?
@_date: 2019-08-08 09:10:50


If I may ask, where in EU?
PayPal generally allows the linking of a bank account, so you could go PayPal-&gt;Bank-&gt;Exchange.  I don't generally have incoming money in PayPal, so I can't talk you through an exact process, but it seems reasonable enough if you have a bank account.  On the rare occasions that I have euro coming in to my bank account (in Germany), exchanging to BTC on bitcoin.de is pretty straightforward.


Glad to hear it.
Personally, I use both a hardware wallet as well as a mobile wallet with a smaller balance for daily use transactions.  The hardware wallet is mostly long-term storage.  Even for the mobile wallet though, I only ever use wallet apps that are 100% under my control, not custodial.


The Trezor Wallet web interface doesn't support it, but you can use Electrum with the Trezor and that will support it (both RBF and CPFP).


It's not so much a matter of "fixing it", they're both just additional features that more people should use and also should insist that wallet creators include in their software.
RBF is "Replace By Fee".  It's basically a flag on your outgoing transaction that lets nodes know you might choose to replace this transaction with another one that pays a higher fee, and if so, please forward the new one around the network rather than considering it a duplicate and ignoring it.
CPFP is "Child Pays for Parent".  You can use it on any incoming transaction and most outgoing transactions.  What it does is let you create a new transaction from the output of one that hasn't been put in a block yet (i.e. zero confirmations).  It doesn't actually do anything special on the network at all - there's no difference between a CPFP transaction and any other, so it's purely a client feature.  When you make such a transaction, a miner can't include your new one without also including the old one.  So if the new one pays a high enough fee for it to be worth it for the miner to include both the "parent" low fee transaction and your "child" higher fee transaction, they'll do so, confirming both transactions.
When I say CPFP works on "most" outgoing transactions, what I actually mean is that outgoing transactions usually have "change" that comes back to you.  That is, you have one incoming 5 BTC transaction; you send 2 BTC to a friend; and you get 3 BTC (minus fee) back to your wallet as change.  This "change" is an incoming transaction - in fact, the same one as the payment to your friend - and so doing a CPFP transaction on that change will also push through the payment to your friend.  If however you'd sent all 5 BTC (minus fee) to your friend, you'd have no change to do the CPFP on.  He of course could do it though.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:44:36
Yep.  It'd be dishonest otherwise.
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:55:03


Yes it is.
You can not create a picture that is entirely blue and entirely red at the same time.  You can not create a picture that has a cat in it but also doesn't have a cat in it.  That's what "logically consistent" means.
It might be abstract; it might have complex topics or represent things that are physically impossible in the real world; but it will always be logically consistent.
@_date: 2019-08-23 03:40:38
There are a small number of wallets that still don't support it, but 90% sounds ridiculously high.  Are those "different people" somehow all getting advice from the same place about what wallet to use and somehow all getting the same really bad recommendation?
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:23:03


This isn't true in the slightest.  The developers don't get to decide rules and never have.  They can choose what they implement in the code, but if they implement something no one wants, no one will run it.
The "kingship" (which is a stupid term) has always been - and will always remain - the economically active full nodes.
Exchanges are economically active participants and do have a lot of power; but if their transactions aren't relayed across the network, they'll jump back in line with everyone else pretty quick.  Point of sale devices are the same: whoever controls them is incentivised to follow the majority, otherwise they run the risk of their transactions not being accepted and losing a *whole* lot of money.


Your thought process is based around centralised systems that will be outdated before such a scenario could ever come to pass.  "High level officials" are a meaningless concept in a decentralised consensus system.
@_date: 2019-08-18 08:22:27


Agreed, but with the caveat that there are many different arguments by people calling themselves christian, a lot of which are mutually incompatible. 


I’m generally familiar with them and remain unconvinced. 
If you’d like to discuss it with people much better versed in the arguments than I am, you should try calling in to “Talk Heathen” or “The Atheist Experience” (but watch a few episodes on YouTube first to get an idea of what to expect). I really enjoy when christians call in that are actually capable of making good arguments and presenting their points clearly.
@_date: 2019-08-25 12:21:14
Oh how cute, you think Bitcoin is a computer thing.
Bitcoin is a mathematical thing.  The current implementation is on top of the internet because it makes sense to do so, but it doesn't strictly speaking *require* the internet, that's just an implementation detail.  I can't realistically imagine a scenario where we'd need to use something other than the internet, but there's no reason we couldn't.
If the entire internet went down for a while, Bitcoin would indeed freeze until it came back or we established another way to communicate.  That however is equally true for pretty much everything else.  Gold and other precious metals are traded as "paper gold" inside computer databases far more than they're physically moved around.  Even when they are physically moved around, this is organised using communication systems build on the internet.  This is even more true for dollars and other fiat.
Anything that would seriously disrupt Bitcoin would also disrupt the rest of our civilisation to the point that the best money would be bottled water and ammunition.  I'm kinda hoping we don't find ourselves in that world any time soon, but if we do, someone else's gold is equally as worthless as my bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-26 15:23:28
He starts off quite reasonable - a few glaring mistakes here and there but that's generally to be expected of most people that aren't that involved in it yet - and then in the last couple of paragraphs goes *horribly* wrong, making completely unfounded statements that have nothing to do with everything described previously.
It's almost reads like someone who actually likes Bitcoin being pressured to write FUD.  Kind of humorous really.
@_date: 2019-08-29 15:32:05


Those two things are not mutually exclusive.
If I say, "*my car is outside the front of my house*", that's a claim.  Whether it's also a fact or not is something I could determine by going and checking.


And that's an unsubstantiated claim.
@_date: 2019-08-14 07:13:18


I don't think you do.
Your post is off-topic for this subreddit and doesn't belong here.  It doesn't matter what your intentions were; it's not a post about Bitcoin, it's a post about reddit sentiment and speculation on Bitcoin.  A more suitable subreddit for discussing these things would be for example.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:02:52
Careful.  I haven't used them (not in the US) but as I understand it, what those machines actually sell you is a voucher that you need to use on a website, and that website has full KYC processes, which you might or might not be able to do.
Check in advance if possible.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:05:45
It's a very weak argument though, because the exchange rate volatility is very clearly just an aspect of the extremely small market (of which, many people are investors, adding to the "swing" effects even more).
Yes, it means that pricing things in BTC that are bound to fiat costs in terms of supply or similar (which is basically nearly everything) is somewhere between impractical and impossible; but it's a temporary thing at best and doesn't mean that BTC is inherently unable to function as a currency - just that right now (saying nothing of the future), it doesn't fit well directly with the existing markets for goods and services and needs additional aspects such as price adjustment or currency gateways to make it even half-way practical.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:31:30
I earn Bitcoin, I spend Bitcoin.  I generally aim to spend less than I earn so that I can save the rest.  That's all there is to it.
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:08:58


I agree, but I don't see how it can get huge support without the ecosystem first switching over.  If my wallet calls 100000000 units "BTC" and each unit "satoshi", the exchange I use does the same, all the books and educational material online do the same, then why would I decide I want it the other way around?
Essentially, I think you're just too late.  There is "too much" in the ecosystem already for this kind of change to happen.  If you'd argued it before 2012, *maybe* you'd have had a shot (even then, only maybe) but since 2013, not a hope.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:03:24


This is a good thing.  Changing the supply to match the economy is an artificial manipulation that causes far more problems than it solves.
With a fixed supply, economic growth leads to a deflationary effect on the purchasing power of the currency, encouraging saving and the production of higher-quality, longer-lasting products vs cheaper throw-away products.  This provides a negative pressure against growth and ensures that growth is kept in check and doesn't run-away beyond our ability to sustain it.
Conversely, economic decline leads to an inflationary effect on the purchasing power of the currency, encouraging spending and the production of lower-quality, shorter-lasting products vs the more robust ones.  This provides a positive pressure against the decline and ensures that decline won't go beyond the amount that was introduced by the original cause of it (e.g. ageing populations; wars; cultural changes; etc).


I strongly disagree with the current debt-based society in general.  Products and services can find their natural prices more easily when it's more "normal" to save for them and buy them outright instead of relying on credit that distorts things so badly.  Housing, cars, and similar items are perfect examples of things that are massively overpriced compared to what they should be.
I don't think a world with a fixed supply currency would have no concept of debt, but it'd be *far* less prevalent than in the current system.  It would still make sense for someone to borrow money to build a new widget-machine if they have a very high level of certainty that sales of those widgets will be able to pay back the debt and interest.  It wouldn't make sense to borrow money for something passive that will probably lose value like a house or car.
The volatility of the currency would in general be quite low at that point because of the pressure effects I described above, so while you'd be uncertain of the change in value, you could be reasonably certain for short-term loans (long-term are far less likely to occur at all) that it's never going to be drastically different than your forecasts.
@_date: 2019-08-02 14:06:18
I haven't done the math either, but my assumption is the same as your last paragraph there.  I can't imagine the difficulty space would ever be small enough for this to be a concern.
If it ever got close to becoming a problem though, I can imagine a fairly painful but still likely not-too-controversial hard-fork being implemented to solve it.  The miners wouldn't be happy since they'd need to do a bit of retooling, but fundamentally, I think they'd only need to put something (software) in between existing equipment and the network to keep on running until they eventually replace it with new hardware that generates hashes in the new larger space.
@_date: 2019-08-03 08:02:48


I'm not sure that's necessarily true.
Gold for example has many better properties and is a much more sound economic system, but it has severe scaling issues.  You can't do micropayments, there are verifiability issues, payment at distance is difficult, etc.  Many of these problems are solved by having a "gold backed" paper currency, but that's so easy to cheat since you've got centralised points that you have to trust regarding the backing.
Essentially, fiat "solved" many of the problems of using commodity money, but in doing so it introduced a lot of new problems.  The new problems are arguably worse (in fact, I think they really are) but I also think they were inevitable since we couldn't have the global economy that we do now under an old physical commodity money system.
Bitcoin is brilliant because it has the valuable properties of gold (but stronger) but without the drawbacks that made gold unsuitable for our modern world.  It adds additional properties that even allow for things we hadn't considered before such as programmable money.


While I certainly see this as possible, I don't actually think it's very likely.  And even if they do, all it does is delay widespread Bitcoin usage, not kill it.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:09:11
"How many payments are going through PayPal?" is a valid question.
"How many payments are going through Bitcoin?" isn't a valid question.  Bitcoin isn't a payment processor.
If someone performs an off-chain transaction by handing someone an OpenDime, or makes a Lightning Transaction, or moves funds within a payment processor like BitPay or on an exchange, or anything like that, does it count?  Or are you only counting on-chain transactions?
If you're only counting on-chain, firstly why?  But then, what kinds of transactions are you counting and in what way?  Do you count transactions where I just moved some BTC around in my own wallets such as transferring some from my hot wallet to my cold wallet like I did about an hour ago today?  Or what about batched transactions?  Late last month, I paid my rent, renewed my VPN, and bought some groceries all with a single on-chain transaction; is that one or three?
So no, comparing them doesn't make sense.  They're different things.  Bitcoin is a currency that happens to have a payment system "baked in", which is on-chain transactions but can be transacted many other ways as well.  PayPal on the other hand is a payment system without any native currency of its own; you can use it to transfer dollars, euro, pounds, yen, and many other currencies.  They might even support bitcoin one day in some attempt to remain relevant.
@_date: 2018-06-09 18:07:13
I used to do that, and then I realised something:
1. I consider bitcoin to be a better way to store my liquid money than fiat.
2. I can very easily and quickly exchange between BTC and fiat.
3. Using a "spend and replace" method, I nevertheless have some of my liquid wealth in BTC and some in fiat (otherwise, how am I getting more BTC for the "replace" part?).
4. This is crazy.
5. Therefore: ALL of my liquid money should be in BTC.  On the occasions that I need fiat, I can exchange a small amount of BTC for it.
Just to note: I do use my fiat based credit card, but I pay it off from my BTC holdings.  That covers most of my "pay in fiat" needs without needing to actually hold fiat.  It's of course better when a merchant actually accepts BTC directly, but they're still quite rare unfortunately.  I also do keep a small amount of cash in my wallet for the annoying miscellany that crops up, but I've been actively trying to identify and avoid those things more and more.
@_date: 2019-08-06 17:21:38
Out of interest, how would you evaluate Bitcoin as a “risky investment”?  What makes it “risky” in comparison to some random stock, commodity, real estate, or so on?
Sure, it’s significantly more volatile than most investments, but if you pick any random point in its history you are far more likely than not to have made a significant profit with it; and importantly, that’s also true for all of Bitcoin’s history thus far. I’m simply not sure what metric could be used to describe it as a “risky investment” at this point.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:40:21
I'm still having trouble really figuring out how that could even be answerable.  Sorry, I'm not trying to be difficult, I really don't get it.


People can choose to pay something using PayPal and people can choose to pay something using Bitcoin as the medium of exchange via many different methods.  Is that the comparison you're asking about?  How many individual real-world transactions take place with Bitcoin vs how many real-world transactions take place over the PayPal platform?
If so, the answer is definitely not knowable.  You have no way of knowing how many off-chain transactions take place with Bitcoin, nor do you know which on-chain transactions represent real-world transactions, and potentially how many real-world transactions.
Anyone else giving a more straightforward answer is giving it based on data that *must be* fundamentally wrong because there really is simply no way for that data to be collected in a similar way to how you can't possibly know how many cash transactions take place in the world.
@_date: 2019-08-21 15:08:09
Just to be clear, I’m not a legal professional at all. I’m talking to legal professionals so that my employer and I don’t end up in trouble for the projects we’re doing. 
So, that out of the way, my *guess* based on my understanding and conversations so far is that unfortunately yes, you’ll need to under these regulations if you’re conducting trades on behalf of anyone else since you are a custodian of their cryptocurrency as long as you have the ability to transact it on their behalf (the law doesn’t discount you as custodian just because the exchange you have the coins on is also a custodian... you both are). 
(If you’re solely doing it for yourself, I don’t see why you’d even need the Einzelunternehmer registration.)
@_date: 2019-08-05 10:10:11
Definitely not. Because those who get power at less than half that will ramp up their hash rate as well. No matter what equipment you have (unless you’ve invented a new super efficient ASIC that no one else has access to), you’ll never be profitable for long enough with power prices like those.
@_date: 2019-08-22 17:21:46
I'm really not a fan of the final sentence.
It's fine to say that these are points that people criticise it for (because people do) but then just leaving it at that makes the reader think the criticisms are valid, which they absolutely aren't.
Talking about the on-chain limitation as if it's a hard limitation on the number of real-world transactions is disingenuous and helps spread a false understanding about the capabilities of the system.
Talking about the environmental impact without mentioning that Bitcoin's energy use is:
1. Largely renewable sources
2. Largely energy that would have been "wasted" due to oversupply
3. Not tied to its scale/usage/transactions at all
makes people think that this is a valid criticism.
So, even just being neutral, I'd suggest you take one of these approaches:
1. Remove the criticisms
2. Add a short point to say that these criticisms are contested and may not actually hold any merit
3. Add discussion to the criticisms to let people understand the arguments made for and against and make up their own minds
@_date: 2019-08-21 12:35:15
I do it, but out of necessity more than anything since I don't hold fiat.  If I can't pay with Bitcoin, my second option is credit card.  If neither, I can't do business there and I'll move on to one of their competitors that does.
Thankfully, simply by asking, I've now got enough businesses around me that all my 'normal' daily spending is in BTC directly with the exception of filling up my car.
@_date: 2019-08-22 14:47:49
Why not create the keys in the SPV wallet directly instead of in Bitcoin Core and them importing?
@_date: 2019-08-09 11:33:23
Thanks a lot for that.  That's a really good solution and I didn't expect it to be quite that straightforward.
It's not exactly what I was looking for because of the inability to exceed V and the requirement that the donators do something 'special' beyond a perfectly normal transaction (i.e. signing the fundraiser transaction), but I think it's good enough for my needs anyway.  Now that I know what to look for, I'll see if I can find any proof-of-concept implementations to work from and if not, I'll put one together myself.
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:19:58


Which is exactly the point.  If they can't prove this isn't the case, you just have to trust them.  Bitcoin - by design - doesn't require that you trust anyone (it certainly allows you to *choose* to trust people if you wish; but that's very different to *requiring* that you do).
Any company or service that provides the ability to hold a "bitcoin" balance without actually letting you send that bitcoin somewhere or verify it on the chain is doing something that is fundamentally "not bitcoin" whether they really have the reserves or not.
@_date: 2019-08-16 17:09:04
Since most mining equipment is under the ownership of larger mining farms and not individuals, and these companies make good profit from their equipment they’d be unlikely to sell unless it’s to upgrade to newer, better equipment (in which case, they have more hash rate than the attacker buys from them). 
Plus it’s expensive to ship all that equipment around unless you mean they’re also buying the sites and energy contracts, in which case you’ve also got a massive international business operation to organise on top of the mining. 
My previous employer was one such large miner and believe me when I say this is far from trivial with only a few countries and sites to deal with.
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:04:45
Thankfully, Bitcoin isn't a democracy; it's more or less a kind of social anarchy.  Even if 90% of people wanted to allow miners to mine more and increase the supply, the 10% of us that continue running code that doesn't increase the supply would continue to do so.  Since ours doesn't have inflation, it'd be harder money and thus worth more.  Any miners that switched away to the "new supply" coin would quickly switch back to the harder money, leaving the former 90% "majority" out of luck.
This is a similar situation as happened with bcash (not identical though, since that never had majority support).  It appeared attractive to those with short term interests and so had quite a lot of corporate support.  When however it quickly became worthless due to being inherently weaker, support began to drop off.  Now they really only have stubborn supporters who have their self-worth tied up in the success of it left.
@_date: 2019-08-08 11:25:58


Oh dear.  Sorry to hear it :(


One of the best software developers I ever had working for me was from Romania.  I always liked listening to her talk to her husband, since the language somehow sounds to me like taking classical Latin, modifying it a bit in the direction of Italian but not as far as Italian itself did, and then pronouncing it all with a Slavic accent!


You're very welcome.  I love spreading knowledge and even more when I hear that it's appreciated!
@_date: 2019-08-08 08:10:16
As I [commented]( on your post about this a couple of minutes ago, it's "paper BTC" only since there's no withdraw function.  You can only take Metal's word for it that they have any BTC at all and aren't just showing you a value written out of one of their databases.
If I can't transfer BTC from that to a wallet where I control my own keys, then there's no way I can trust that I've "bought BTC" at all.  At *best*, I've bought an IOU for BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-15 14:05:17
Feel free to count me as another ideologue to add to the list.
Nothing against getting rich and I certainly won't mind if I do, but my personal view is:
1. Bitcoin removes the ability for people to "control" a currency.
2. People controlling currencies is the expenditure of energy for no gain (essentially, a variant of the broken window fallacy)
3. Removing this from happening is therefore freeing up available energy to be used more productively.
End results: a better financial system with more self-sovereignty as well as a society that has the opportunity to advance more quickly.  There's also a good chance it'll be a fairer, more peaceful, and more civilised society due to the political aspects that people learn from the success of the financial system.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:46:44
This is a strawman.  I didn't claim that a currency doesn't need to have a way to pay.  I simply said that *being* a way to pay is not a currency and that *which* ways to pay something has do not determine its status as a currency.
Bitcoin *does* have a way to pay natively - on chain payments.  They suck, just like handing someone a lump of gold sucks.  That doesn't make Bitcoin a bad currency, it just makes it one with a natively crappy way to make payments with it.  Other payment systems can be built around them (and already have been).
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:16:12
Theoretically yes, but most wallets massively overestimate what fees should be.  Most seem to use things like "the average fee over the last two weeks was "x" so it recommends fees based on that.  This means that if it was really busy a week ago and is really quiet now, it still suggests quiet high fees.
Until someone builds a wallet with a good fee estimator (which absolutely is something that's happening... I can say this as an insider to one such project), I recommend [taking a look at the mempool]( yourself and making educated guesses yourself.  Essentially, if it's on a downwards trend, you can almost always expect that a 1sat/byte fee will clear within the next 24 hours.  If you want it next-block or close to it, aim to be about 1MB below the top while on a downwards trend, or 10% below the top on a normal upwards trend.  Only aim for the top or above it on a "huge" upwards trend (which is extremely rare).
Also, use a wallet that support RBF, CPFP, or both.  That way if you do pay a fee that turns out to be too low, it's easy to solve by making use of one of these two features.
@_date: 2019-08-16 16:23:49


Absolutely false. 
ASIC manufacturing is a difficult, slow process. They either buy existing hardware from the existing miners, or ask the few chip fabs capable of creating the hardware to do nothing else for a year or so. Both would be extraordinarily noticeable and by the time they got all the equipment together and set up with the appropriate energy infrastructure, Bitcoin would have migrated to a new algorithm having seen the attack coming for over a year in advance.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:39:18
There are a lot of assumptions made there in the maths.
While I do think that on-chain capacity improvements will be needed down the line, they're far from urgent at this stage and there are a lot of other ways to take load off the chain first before needing to increase its capacity.  Things like [channel factories]( for reducing the number of unique channels being opened on-chain; splicing to get on-chain funds out without a complete "close" and "reopen" transaction; and atomic multipath payments to allow for better rebalancing possibilities, reducing the need for closing and reopening channels anywhere near as often.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:53:35
Of course I didn't forget that, but it's essentially irrelevant because no participant within the system is fully aware of what is lost and what isn't.  They may have guesses/estimates/opinions, but unless it's **known** to be lost, it's still a part of the supply from the point of view of all calculations that matter.
Plus, as the value increases, losses become smaller and smaller since people have smaller and smaller quantities each.  Combined with better technology that makes it harder to lose, the total amounts lost can be estimated as an ever-decreasing amount.  So even if we were to assume something like 3 million BTC are "lost" right now, we shouldn't assume it'll be 6 million in another ten years.  I doubt it'll be significantly more than the current levels as a percentage of the total.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:43:40
Agreed that it'll die by itself, but being replaced is natural.  You don't need to "force something out" to replace it; you just need to be there and be viable when the older broken thing dies on its own.
I think if fiat manages to hang on for another 4 or 5 decades, then Bitcoin might start forcing it out by all its virtues of being better, but if fiat dies more quickly, then we can't really say Bitcoin had any hand in doing so.  Either way though, Bitcoin is there and is better so is the natural replacement whether it was a part of the cause of fiat's death or not.
@_date: 2018-10-02 14:57:18




Gold's direct value outside of its use as a financial instrument (e.g. electronics and so on) doesn't even approximate its price.  They're orders of magnitude different.
This implies that the non-monetary uses of a financial instrument are not the primary carrier of their value (and likely not even significant in determining it).  What makes gold valuable is that it's immutable, has a fixed supply, highly divisible, and difficult to fake.  Bitcoin is all of these things (and better at most of them) as well as being easy to use, immediately transferable, and trivially verifiable.


This sentence is word salad.  Sorry, but I'm none the wiser as to what you think value is.
@_date: 2019-08-20 07:47:52
The question you're asking doesn't make sense.
PayPal is a payment platform.  Bitcoin is a currency.  It's like asking "How does PayPal compare to the US Dollar?"
@_date: 2019-08-09 10:08:37
In case anyone was planning on watching this "just in case" Roger says anything interesting; I'll save you the time.  I watched it and no, he doesn't.
As usual, he just tells the usual distorted version of the story of who had controlling access to the core repository and skips straight from that to "everywhere controlled by these guys is censored" and "everyone who was there in the old days is now using Bitcoin Cash" (funny how he ignores the fact that people like me exist...).
He then finishes it up with saying that if Bitcoin isn't a medium of exchange then it can't be a store of value either, so everyone talking about it as a store of value doesn't understand economics, without ever justifying the statement or showing that people who consider it a store of value *don't* also consider it at least a potential future medium of exchange (personally, I use it as a medium of exchange now; but I'm aware not everyone does; and that's fine!)
@_date: 2016-12-28 13:32:48
Don't think of it as having "only 3 bitcoin", but rather as having 3 million "bits" (µBTC).
Right now, one bit is still valued pretty low at a little under a tenth of a US penny.  There's still a lot of room for growth though, so parity with the penny isn't unreasonable in a relatively short timeframe.  There's even potential for parity with the dollar one day, in which case you're sitting quite pretty with your 3 million bits.
(arguably, once a bit has parity with the US dollar though, there may not much point in "cashing out" your bits for dollars, since at that point it's likely you'll be able to live on BTC directly extremely easily instead of converting all the time).
@_date: 2019-08-30 08:19:58


There are 1.1 million subscribers.  There are 100 million satoshi in a BTC.  So, if you had 1 satoshi per subscriber, you'd have 0.011BTC.  At current exchange rates, that's about $105, so not exactly life changing money, but definitely more than "a couple of cents".
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:57:45
Yes, but the "attack" isn't actually a big risk in Bitcoin's case, since no single miner has anywhere near enough hashrate to rewrite multiple historical blocks with ease.  The miners coming back for profits would happen far before such an attack could take place.
For the "lesser platforms", yes, this risk can be much more extreme.
@_date: 2019-08-02 07:02:43
Very nice... helpful for the newbies while we're still in these "user unfriendly" early days of the technology.
To everyone: Please pay attention to this text on the site:






If you paste a private key in to a website on the internet, the chance of money being stolen from you increases significantly.  If you're not sure that what you have is a private key or not (which would be one reason for using this tool), you should treat it as if it is until you know otherwise.
@_date: 2019-08-06 08:02:15


Even if it weren't (which I don't think is a risk worth taking), do you actually think it would be helpful?
Blocks will be filled to capacity according to the cost of doing so.  You can put anything you want in a "transaction" - it doesn't have to actually be a financial transaction.  If it costs less to store data, more people will store data until it no longer costs less.
For example, in transaction IDs [014f45b89536549ca8a2b1c2c1fd5975c1e9a53953d942fd79787221f4c11fb5]( and [98a30833872324d6b3bda17b02cc25bffc81ed39fd35526d7759985c85ce7eb1]( you can see a couple of cute notes that I wrote for my kids in the OP RETURN values.  I did it because I could and it cost essentially nothing.  If it were to cost the equivalent of $100, I might still do something like that as a one off special thing, but it's much less likely to be on a whim.  If it were to cost the equivalent of $100000, I can't imagine that I'd want to do it ever.
Some people may complain that I'm the problem by using the blockchain inappropriately - it's not "made for" writing notes to my kids.  But that complaint is failing to understand that in a decentralised system, people *can* and *will* use it however they want, regardless of what you think is the "right way".  If you don't want people writing cute messages to the blockchain for all eternity, you make it expensive to write data to the blockchain for all eternity.  The way to do that is with a healthy fee market.  Everyone competing that their transaction is "more valuable" than someone else's.  If your transaction isn't valuable enough to compete, you don't make it.
Now again it's important to clarify what the word "transaction" means in the above paragraph.  It means "an entry written to the blockchain for eternity".  It doesn't mean that people who can't afford to pay the fee can never transact bitcoin between themselves and someone else.  It means that their transactions should be aggregated with others by an abstraction layer so that the fees paid for the underlying blockchain transactions - while large - are spread sufficiently amongst enough real-world activity (that isn't written permanently to the blockchain) that it is economically viable for each of these real-world transactions to happen.  The fee paid by each individual real-world transaction will always remain at a low enough level as to be acceptable (by definition; since otherwise no one would do it).
Quadrupling the block size will solve nothing.  It will only mean we have four times the amount of data being produced that needs to be stored and transferred around without providing any real benefits at all.
@_date: 2019-08-02 15:30:59
Depends on the business.
Longer ago, it was mostly just getting them set up with a basic wallet and showing them how to generate new QR codes.  Now it tends to be more in the realm of BTCPayServer for larger or more professional businesses (and I'll take a consulting fee to help them set it up if they want me to) and the same old wallet approach for smaller ones.
A lot of the time, it's simply a case of being stubborn about my own payment method.  I don't carry fiat or have a bank account with a non-zero balance.  I only ever use Bitcoin or a credit card (which I then pay off with BTC).  If a company won't accept Bitcoin (I literally ask *everywhere*), I'll usually tell them that I'll shop around for a competitor that does.  You'd be surprised how many end up saying that they don't yet, but would be open to doing so.  This obviously doesn't work at supermarkets, so I simply stopped buying my groceries at supermarkets and now do so at a small grocery store that is happy to accept my Bitcoin after I helped them set it up.
The most common question I get from them is usually how to go about exchanging BTC to fiat, since they obviously have bills to pay as well. This also depends a lot on the business, but in general I'll point smaller ones to a local exchange while giving them the recommendation to at least consider hodling as much as possible.  My landlord for example hodls 100% of the rent that I pay him (he's rich and owns a lot of properties; he's happy to accept the risk on rent from this one house, especially for the upside he's seen so far).
It's one of my goals to work on universal Lightning Merchant Service software built around BTCPayServer and other high quality open source solutions to really streamline the process and make it a "no brainer" for most merchants to start accepting it.  I also want to work more with existing payment device and terminal vendors (things like all those touchscreen kiosks at fast food places, train ticket machines, and so on) to help them integrate it.
My day job is somewhat related to this (I work in the Bitcoin space, but not specifically payment or merchant related), but it's not my main focus there (yet), so this is still mostly side projects.  I hope to change that in the coming year or so; or if I can get investment, just go out there and do it myself (unfortunately with a wife and two kids, I can't just quit my job and live on ramen noodles while doing this; I need an income to keep supporting them).
@_date: 2019-08-20 11:58:50
Fundamentally wrong on more than one level!


It is a good store of value because the value as a percentage of the whole doesn't change.  That is, 1BTC is always exactly 1/21000000 of the total supply.
Value fluctuations are because the current size of the Bitcoin economy is tiny.  That's irrelevant in the longer term - it either becomes dominant or fails completely.  If it fails completely, then it's a "store of value" storing ultimately nothing; if it become dominant (which to me, seems much more likely) the economy will be large enough for it not to fluctuate wildly.


You're confusing "Bitcoin" with "the Bitcoin Blockchain".  The two are not the same.  You can transact Bitcoin without writing a new entry to the blockchain.
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:02:51


Please don't say "quantum scientists"... it really makes you sound like you have no idea what you're talking about.
Simulation theory really isn't taken all that seriously since it doesn't make testable claims.  We can logically deduce that the likelihood we're in a simulation is high given certain parameters, but we don't know for sure that those parameters are correct.  One counterargument for example: Most of what we understand about information density within the universe would actually lead us to think that there'd be a limit on the potential levels of simulation within a nested simulation concept.
Aside from that, without testable claims, it's essentially irrelevant and the null hypothesis is the best working model until such a test or further evidence presents itself.  In other words, whether we're in a simulation or "reality", if we can't tell the difference, then it's *functionally* reality regardless.
@_date: 2016-12-30 16:52:48
The hacker could compromise what appears on the browser, but not what appears on the Trezor/Ledger screen.
However, you definitely don't want to find an alternate way to send to the address that appears on the hardware wallet screen, since that will be the hacker's address.  The hacker would be trying to trick you by displaying the correct/*wanted* address on the browser, but actually then sending the transaction to his own address.  The hardware wallet will show the address the you are **really** sending to (i.e. the hacker's address) and you can confirm visually that this doesn't match the address you're wanting to send to.
In the unlikely event that this happens, the appropriate course of action is to take your hardware wallet to another computer to perform the transaction.  You'd also want to clean/fix/protect the original computer (probably a reinstall from scratch is safest in that kind of scenario).
@_date: 2019-08-30 04:31:29
Bitcoin isn't just online.  It can be held in your hand if you write your keys on a piece of paper for example.
But okay, I know what you mean.  The problem is that your question is stupid, so I can't answer it.
@_date: 2019-08-29 18:08:08
I didn’t claim that no gods exist. You claimed one does. The burden of proof is on you.
@_date: 2019-10-30 16:07:58
Which is a serious cardiac issue and likely to lead to a nearly immediate (and excruciatingly painful) death.
@_date: 2018-06-11 03:57:17


In what fantasy universe are you living?!
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:35:25
If I create a new paper currency and print five hundred trillion of them, does that affect the value of the USD?  No?  Why not?
Answer this and you'll understand why the existence of other coins don't influence the limited supply of bitcoin.
As an "investment", it certainly does affect the price for a while since it gives more options to investors and they might choose to put they money in something else where they would otherwise have chosen BTC in the absence of those other things, but the exchange rate based on investment speculation doesn't really influence the usability of it as a currency on a fundamental level.
@_date: 2019-08-28 22:26:54
Bitcoin and the US Dollar do have equivalent status under the law (in many countries that are not the USA...)
@_date: 2019-08-05 09:23:08
You believe it will mess up her life. I argue that you don’t know that for sure and don’t have a strong body of evidence for that belief. 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions of course, but that doesn’t mean that some aren’t objectively wrong.
@_date: 2019-10-01 05:19:11
Maybe... feel free to drop me a private message with your details.
@_date: 2019-08-22 09:17:43


You have misunderstood.
There is a much wider choice than just "online custodial wallets" and "Bitcoin Core full node".  Look at the wallets recommended [here]( and be sure to see what it says about control over your money, security, and privacy (amongst other things) for each.
It's also worth noting that the Bitcoin blockchain is *never* anonymous, but it is *pseudonymous*.  That means that if someone can associate a transaction with you (e.g. you bought something online with Bitcoin and had it shipped to your name and address for example) they can also somewhat trace that Bitcoin back a bit (if you received them directly from a dark net market for illegal drug sales for example, you might have some things to worry about).
Transactions on the blockchain can be obfuscated (made harder to figure out what happened) via a number of methods and give you some level of plausible deniability; but ultimately, the best way to not have transactions tracked at all is to use second layer technologies (like the Lightning Network) since payments are not recorded for all time, no one other than the sender knows who the payment is destined for (even your channel partner doesn't know), and the only thing that gets permanently recorded is the final state of each channel along the path when the channel is closed (which is then an aggregate of all transactions going through it in both directions).
@_date: 2019-08-20 07:53:14
The article makes the following false assumptions:
1. BitMain's pools contain equipment entirely operated/controlled by them.
2. A 51% attack is the same thing as "hacking" the network.
3. Money is the only obstacle to increasing hash rate.
So while I agree with the conclusion that it's not a risk to worry about, the methodology used to reach that conclusion is badly flawed.
@_date: 2019-08-22 15:10:34
No, it's not.  It is "something inflating" in a very general sense but the economic term "inflation" can't be used that loosely.
Inflation in the economic sense refers to the increase in the price of goods and services as measured by a decrease in the relative value of money.  This can happen through an increase in the money supply, but it can also happen under a stable supply (e.g. Bitcoin) by the total addressable market decreasing in size.
The US dollar is inflating and it is due to more of it being created than the market would remain stable at, but that doesn't mean that the two things are strictly identical.  You can imagine a scenario for example, where the economy is going very well and the total addressable market is increasing a lot, but for some reason, the amount of dollars being printed doesn't increase.  In that scenario, even though new dollars are still being created, they could in fact be deflationary for the period of time that the explosive growth is happening (that's a totally imaginary scenario of course; the Fed would love to glut themselves on new dollar creation like that if they had the chance).
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:21:26
To be fair, the original thread is pretty dumb to begin with.  It's going to attract shitposting.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:29:13
The entire hypothesis for the majority of your post rests on (in your words) "*a hypothetically fixed cost of mining*", while it's extremely well known at this stage that the cost of mining follows the value of BTC.
As long as it's cheaper to mine (global average; *not* individual) than you can get for selling the BTC, hash rate increases (increasing the cost to mine); and as long as it costs more to mine, hash rate decreases.  There is a delay due to the fact that it takes time to ramp up hash rate as well as speculation ("mining at a loss") during drops, but the pattern is pretty much clear.
No matter how much calculation you do, if it's based on a hypothetical fixed cost of mining, you're not calculating anything real.
That said, I actually agree with where you start heading in the end.  Since the cost of mining follows the BTC value and not vice-versa, it shouldn't be used as the determining factor.  Demand is a far more important determinant.  However, demand is important only in relation to supply, and throwing out the halvening as being a factor is also wrong - it's extremely important as well.  Like pretty much anything, we end up at saying the value is determined by *supply and demand*.  This shouldn't seem too surprising.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:47:46
Irrelevant to my ability to disprove it.  My disproof is based on it being logically inconsistent, and so even if we're entirely simulated/brains-in-vats/whatever, as long as logic continues to be something that existence is bound by (which I'll freely admit is an unfounded assumption, but one that I suspect no one can reasonably go through life without holding), then my disproof holds.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:54:41
I doubt OP "bought" anyone or any comments.
I'm personally always excited to hear of new *good* books in this domain.  There's a lot of trash out there and seeing something coauthored by multiple people including Jimmy Song gives me the confidence that it was written more to inform than to make the author a few quick bucks by writing a book on a popular topic.
@_date: 2019-08-05 10:05:39
You either fundamentally misunderstand banks, bitcoin, or both.
@_date: 2019-10-29 08:25:55
If you don't mind watching conference presentations on YouTube I can really recommend the ones from the Lightning Conference in Berlin a week and a half ago.  I was there and it was brilliant.
[Day 1]( [Day 2](
Here are the timestamps for the presentations that I personally enjoyed the most.  I'm not saying the others aren't worth watching (actually, I'd say ALL are worth watching) but these especially are the ones that really got my attention:
* [Olaoluwa Osuntokun (roasbeef): LSAT: Your Ticket Abroad the Internet‘s Money Rails](
* [Rusty Russell: Make Me An Offer: Next Level Invoicing](
* [Giacomo Zucco, Maxim Orlovsky: Spectrum: Assets on Lightning Network](
* [Igor Korsakov: Typical Vulnerabilities in Lightning Apps](
* [Max Hillebrand: A Second Layer for a Second Realm: Fixing the Privacy Fuckups of Lightning](
There was also more in another room, but I don't think that's on YouTube yet.  It should be at some point.
@_date: 2019-10-30 09:16:18
If you spam the subreddit with useless content, we can not only block you, we can ban you.
This is not an advertising platform, it's a discussion forum.
@_date: 2019-08-08 14:23:04


Sorry... I'll try to give a better answer, but it's going to be even longer...


There is always an amount in this second transaction since it is a normal transaction, but what the amounts and destinations are is up to you.
There are really two realistic possibilities for the CPFP that I can think of:
1. This transaction is sent to yourself with the full value.  
If the incoming transaction is 1BTC, you create the new transaction as just under 1BTC to a new address in the same wallet; the remainder is miner fee.  
In technical terms, this transaction has 1 input and 1 output.
2. This transaction is sent as a normal transaction that you were going to make anyway.  
If the incoming transaction is 1BTC, and you need to pay Bob 0.1BTC for something, you create the new transaction sending 0.1BTC to Bob and set a good fee.  Your wallet will automatically (just like always, even if you don't realise it) create a 'change' address and send the remainder (just under 0.9BTC) to that in the same transaction.  
In technical terms, this transaction has 1 input and 2 outputs.
The problem with many wallets is that they don't tell you which inputs they're using or even how many different UTXOs your current "balance" is made up.  If I've received 3BTC over 10 incoming transactions and made no outgoing transactions, then I have 10 UTXOs to draw from.  If we imagine that the 10th of those just happened a couple of minutes ago and had a really low fee, it's probably not in a block yet (not yet confirmed).  I might want to encourage that transaction in to a block by using it as an input on a new transaction where I pay a higher fee.  However if the wallet doesn't show me that I've got 10 different UTXOs nor let me select which ones I'm using as inputs for a new transaction, it's not going to be clear to me whether the new transaction really is doing CPFP on the incoming transaction or not.
It's even potentially the case that I might combine the unconfirmed incoming UTXO with an older confirmed one.  If each of those 10 UTXOs are 0.3BTC each and I want to pay someone 0.5BTC, I could either take two of the confirmed UTXOs or one confirmed UTXO plus the unconfirmed UTXO.  Really, it could even be two or more unconfirmed UTXOs, all being used as inputs for a single output.  One such scenario might be a shop that encourages their customers to only pay 1sat/byte regardless of the mempool state and then periodically consolidates these unconfirmed transactions in to a single one, using a large fee to CPFP them all at once.
All of this is entirely a user interface and wallet design issue though.  It doesn't affect the underlying protocol behaviour at all.  Being quite technical, I like being able to see and manage the UTXOs individually and tend to use wallets where this is possible.  However, I'm well aware that most people don't like this and prefer the wallet software to abstract it for them.  I think the best way for a wallet design to do this would be to offer a small button/icon/whatever beside an incoming transaction to let the user say they want to pay to get this transaction confirmed.  It would then automatically generate a new transaction to themselves ( of the above) to do it.
Overall though, I think on-chain transactions are fundamentally too complex for most people to want to learn about (not that they can't, just that they really don't want to).  It's one of the reasons I'm a big fan of building Lightning Network solutions so that we really can abstract all the on-chain stuff away and leave the underlying complexity for the software to manage rather than trying to squeeze complex solutions in to simple UIs that just end up confusing people even more as with most current on-chain wallets.
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:51:58
Bitcoin is relevant, but if all you're focused on is the market aspects, you'll never understand how or why.
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:28:06


Depends where they were sending the money... international transfer could easily be that high in some cases.


I personally use Bitcoin day to day for many different things and I don't find this to be true.  I *prefer* to use Lightning of course, but it's not as available yet.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:54:45
There was another reply to this that I was in the process of writing a longer reply to, but it was deleted before I had the chance.
In case anyone else is interested in reading it, they asked how it's possible to believe in both anarchism and collectivism (falsely equating my social views with collectivism).  My answer was:
Essentially I believe that the most effective social structures are self-organising groups where there is no centralised leadership of any kind.  If you disagree with an aspect of the group's functioning that the other members of the group consider to be non-negotiable, you have the free choice to either accept it despite your disagreement or leave the group.
Traditionally, these kinds of groups weren't very scalable - they really didn't get much larger a few hundred at the absolute largest in 1960s/70s hippy communes - but I think that with technologies like Bitcoin, we're taking the first steps towards being able to organise our society more directly this way, including at much larger scales.
Any group that I would choose to be a part of would demand input towards agreed upon commons from each individual.  I don't however consider that to be collectivist despite you using that term for it since anyone is free to forgo the input to the commons by also forgoing the benefits afforded from it (i.e. "GTFO of our community").
Note that under this system, there may be disagreements still about the best approach towards certain things that aren't non-negotiable aspects.
In many ways, this is very similar to Bitcoin itself.  Your node can validate any rules you want, but if none of your peers agree to those, don't expect your transactions to spread across the network.  If one large group have one set of rules and another have another set of rules, they'll split and each set of individuals gets to work in the rule system that they agree with, effectively no longer interacting with those who they can't agree with.
@_date: 2018-06-11 03:56:19
It's not an all or nothing thing.
I describe all of the noise and excess heat from my car as being "wasted energy".  The energy my car uses to actually move itself, power the electronics, and provide heat that I want is the energy I expended for a purpose, the rest is wasted.  Combustion engines are very wasteful.
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:30:25
I disagree.
People in most western nations under the age of around 40 seem to have a rather strange opinion about the strength and power and governments.  The reality is that if the vast majority of people want something strongly enough, there's nothing at all that a "government" can do about it.
A government is simply a group of people and people are just a slightly more clever kind of ape.  Pretty much all of our social dynamics that we hold as inviolate facts of the world are really just agreements between collections of slightly cleverer than average monkeys.
People in power don't like losing power, so different governments have used clever tricks to try to keep that power.  These include (but are not limited to):
* Convincing the people who you let have guns that the other people with guns will prevent any kind of dissent.
* Convincing the masses that it's too hard to actually effect real change.
* Instilling blind patriotism in the masses to make any attempt to change be perceived as risky (effectively a combination of the first two via another route)
However, tyranny is effectively an unstable situation and ultimately collapses.  In some cases it takes a while: North Korea for example has done a great job of suppressing the ability for rebellion as it strips away rights, while the US has done a reasonable job of suppressing the *desire* for rebellion as it strips away rights.  That doesn't mean that they won't collapse though.
So, if you think governments are able to stop Bitcoin, tell me **how** and let's have a discussion about that.
@_date: 2019-08-06 08:55:14


The problem isn't the miners as much as the non-mining but still economically active nodes.  I live in a tiny European village about 20km in the countryside outside of a city.  Where I live, I don't the greatest options for internet connectivity.  I could probably comfortably still run a node with somewhere between double and quadruple the existing block size, but beyond that I'd either have to stop running a node or start paying for a second connection (assuming myself, my wife, and my kids still want to be able to do everything else we do online).  Neither of these are very attractive ideas to me.
There are certainly a lot more nodes being run on far worse connections than mine, so any increase is going to reduce the number of nodes somewhat.  Not only would the number of nodes decrease, but they'd begin concentrating even more on a minority who have different economic incentives to the majority.  Put simply, poorer people will be the first to turn nodes off, while richer people can keep running them.  The larger the block size, the richer you have to be to run a node.  This is inherently dangerous since it means that that minority (people rich enough to run nodes) can make decisions about network behaviour that may go against the wishes of the majority (who can no longer run nodes to enforce the rules they consider fair).
@_date: 2019-08-16 13:56:16


The thing is, I really don't see this behaviour at all in anyone around our age, or even people much older.  I have a group of people (all business professionals of various kinds) I spend an evening with once every two weeks and I'm the youngest there (most are in their late 40s up to mid 50s).  I've been discussing Bitcoin with them quite a lot and the majority are very receptive and keen to learn and understand more.  Even one relatively senior banker in a major German bank has taken a real interest to the discussions.  He told me he's a bit amazed and a bit concerned that he hasn't even heard a lot of these concepts before, despite them making clear sense to him.
For me, it's the younger folk that are more dismissive.  They don't know how money works, don't care to learn, and are entirely too trusting that "the government will sort it out".  To me, the younger generation remind me more of my parent's generation.  My generation (about 10 years up and maybe 5 years down) tend to be the risk-takers and free-thinkers, with the generations before and after being those more willing to "let the people in charge sort it out... they know what they're doing, otherwise they wouldn't be in charge!"
I'm definitely doing my best to raise my kids with a more skeptical, curious, and adventurous attitude to the world.
@_date: 2019-08-06 18:02:42
Still not seeing it.
The company you "get part ownership of" could also fail catastrophically at any time.  Also, I'd dispute that bitcoin is just "some tokens".  They're "some tokens" in a similar way to gold being just "some metal".  Technically true, but it's ignoring the properties that make it an interesting and valuable form of money.
What makes Bitcoin *more likely* to catastrophically fail (i.e. why is it riskier)?  Why is "hard money" inherently a riskier proposition than "part ownership of a company"? (especially when you may have no control over that company and you have no idea if the people in control are morons, corrupt, or otherwise going to tank it all in their favour and against yours)
@_date: 2018-06-16 15:55:52
It isn't the original "Starry Night" artwork with a B added.  It's an entirely new creation done in a similar style.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:31:50
I don't really like most labels since they tend to pigeonhole people.  If I said "yes", you'd probably ascribe some beliefs to me that I don't actually hold; but equally were I to say "no", that'd also lead you to believe some things about me that might not be true.
I definitely do agree with many libertarian principles, but given that I also hold some views that might be called more classically liberal or even socialist (for example: my belief in the existence of the tragedy of the commons and that mandatory collective input is required to solve it), I think most "die-hard" libertarians would not be happy at all to call me one of their own.
Essentially, my views fall somewhere under the umbrella of [Social Anarchism]( but if there's any specific things you'd like to know my thoughts on, it's always better to ask than to assume.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:17:47
I'm going to give a potentially *slightly* different answer to some others.
If you trust that your husband's boss won't simply steal the money, then you can do it through him.  The advantages of doing so are that you don't need to worry about signing up for an exchange yourself, don't need to worry about any additional complexities with the process, and so on.  The downsides are that he could steal from you (even just a part by giving you less BTC than the money was worth), and that it could very well be illegal or at *least* against the terms and conditions that he agreed to on the exchange to buy BTC on your behalf.
The important part however is this: If your husband's boss buys it for you, you must insist that he transfers it immediately to a wallet under your control.  For any significant amount of money this should be a hardware wallet like a Ledger or a Trezor.  For less significant amounts, you may choose to trust a mobile wallet (with the understanding that malware on the mobile device could potentially steal your bitcoin; although rare, it's not out of the question).  Whether $1000 CAD is "significant" for you or not is a decision that you would make yourself (but given hardware wallets don't generally cost more than a fifth of that at the absolute most, you might want to factor that in to the risk equation).
Once your husband's boss has transferred it to the wallet under your control there is *nothing* he can do to access it anymore.  He has no more ability to access it at that point than I do.  The theft risk only exists up to the point that he transfers it to your wallet.
Nevertheless, I do agree with the others that if you can reasonably avoid this by doing it yourself, you probably should.  As a note, I personally have bought bitcoin for people in the past back when I used exchanges (I now just get paid in Bitcoin directly, so I no longer need to) since they were willing to trust me over the complexity of dealing with the exchange and fear of doing something wrong.  Where I am, at the time, there were no laws or agreements broken by doing so.
@_date: 2019-08-26 10:08:47
That's okay... I lost one with 200BTC in 2010 (4 solo-mined blocks).
@_date: 2019-08-21 04:41:15
I would say that you and I have different understandings of the term "store of value".
@_date: 2019-08-30 16:55:37
No, investment returns over predefined timescales are not guaranteed. But if someone is only using Bitcoin as an investment, then I really don’t care what they think or want. They have no more relevance to my interests in Bitcoin than any other gambler. 
I would also argue against government being able to “thoroughly cripple” Bitcoin at this point as well. Other than being able to cause exchange rates to plummet and some delays in adoption, they’re essentially powerless.
@_date: 2019-08-25 12:10:00


Then you apparently don't know anything about Bitcoin because that statement about it is utterly incorrect.
@_date: 2019-10-11 12:12:37
You're welcome, but it's not free.  I've sent you an invoice and expect prompt payment.
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:23:45


I think you misinterpreted what I was saying, but also you've now given more information that changes my answer somewhat.
You'd be "financially worse off" if you exchanged BTC for USD and simply held on to that USD rather than spending it if the value of BTC never falls below its current USD exchange rate and at some point in the future you intend to exchange USD for BTC again (which seems likely if BTC becomes a global standard currency).


Lots of people do.  Your original post made it sound like you didn't actually *need* the USD and were simply gambling on the exchange rate.  People often get burned doing this, lose a lot of money, and then complain that Bitcoin is somehow a "bad thing" because of it.  I'm not saying that's you, but since I don't know you and it's a fairly common reaction/behaviour, I felt it worth stating.  I didn't intend for it to sound like I was accusing you of being the kind of person who necessarily would do so.


Yes I did, and no, you haven't.


To me, this sounds like you're looking at BTC as something that is valued in fiat and always must be traded to fiat to "realise" a gain.  I define it differently (and in my opinion, more accurately) that Bitcoin is money, and having less money is being financially worse off.  So if I trade one form of money for another and then the exchange rate changes against my favour, I am - definitionally - financially worse off.


And this is the part that changes everything.  You're not exchanging BTC for USD in order to speculate/gamble on the exchange rate as your original post made it appear.  You're exchanging BTC for USD in order to pay bills and eat.  Of course you should do that (unless you can pay the bills and buy the food with BTC directly, in which case that's probably better).
You have to eat and you have to pay your bills, so do that.  Couching the need to do so in a post about exchange rate speculation though probably wasn't the best approach to being understood.
I have zero fiat in my bank account.  I have a decent amount of BTC.  I can pay many of my bills (including grocery shopping) with BTC directly.  For many others, I can pay with a fiat denominated credit card that I can then pay off using BTC.  However, if there's a bill that I can't pay with either (for example, my kids' private school fees for the coming year which will be pulled from my bank account at the end of this month), then of course I'll exchange some BTC for fiat for that to happen.
My argument isn't against exchanging BTC for fiat; it's against *holding* fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-08 07:45:29
Unless that transaction has a lot of inputs, you probably could've paid significantly less fees than that as well, depending on how quickly you want it to get in a block.
Looking at the trend on the [mempool right now]( I'd expect 1sat/byte transactions to be clearing within the next 12 hours and 4sat/byte within the next 6 hours.
@_date: 2019-08-23 03:37:39
I'm not associated with that wallet in any way, not even as a user.  I just want to steer people *away* from using a bad wallet, which BRD is.
It's not just the shitcoin support.
* BRD doesn't support native segwit without enabling it, something that newbies won't do and are likely to be worried by the scary warning it gives when you do.  This means that users of BRD have larger transactions than they have to, which translates to higher transaction fees.
* BRD doesn't support custom fees, which means that users of it are forced to pay the transaction fees that it recommends.  These are often over twenty times higher than necessary.  I've seen the lowest fee that it recommends be set to well over a dollar when it's clear from the mempool that a transaction of 1sat/byte (a couple of cents depending on tx size and current exchange rate) would clear within the next two or three blocks.  This makes newbies think that Bitcoin transactions are unnecessarily expensive and also makes other fee estimator code aim higher as well.
* BRD pushes users towards its own reward system, adding unnecessary complexity to the UI for a feature that no newbie is going to really understand or be interested in.
Basically, BRD is just a bad wallet to recommend to newbies.  I don't care whether they use HODL or something else.  I do care that recommending BRD to them is counterproductive to the interest of new getting people involved in Bitcoin because it's a really bad user experience.
@_date: 2019-10-30 16:40:31
If you mean datacentres, then yes, that'd be one example.
Another would be when he implied that custodial second layers ("Bitcoin banks") are an acceptable scaling mechanism.  To be fair, no one had come up with a non-custodial second layer concept at the time, but if I were in his shoes, my answer would've been more along the lines of, "yep, that's a problem we need to solve" rather than accepting custodianship.
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:38:05
Look, I'm all for "deep thoughts" and interesting discussions around them; but we don't make awesome discoveries and improvements by just sitting around thinking "hey what if?".  It's not a matter of dismissing it, it's a matter of it having been discussed to death for more than a couple of decades already.
It's not true that "very smart and respected scientists come to that conclusion".  They admit that logically it's a consistent hypothesis given the parameters provided.  That's how science works.  You go with what makes sense until you see its wrong and then you throw that out.  However you don't commit to things that you don't have enough evidence for, you simply and honestly say "I don't know", which is something that people seem far too afraid to do these days.
@_date: 2019-08-15 15:38:17
HODL is a fork of BRD and has the advantages of:
1. Segwit native “out of the box” instead of scaring the user by calling it experimental and requiring it be activated manually. 
2. Support for custom fees so you don’t have to pay the insane amounts that BRDs shitty estimator suggests. 
3. Bitcoin only. No shitcoin support makes it a streamlined and easier user experience. 
So, while it’s definitely not my preferred wallet, I see zero reason to ever suggest BRD as long as HODL also exists.
@_date: 2019-08-13 16:12:49
What a lot of buzzword laden craptrap.
"Blockchain as a service" can't "improve enterprise services" and if you think it can, then I contend you don't understand what a blockchain is, what enterprises need in their processes, or - more likely - both.
I've never yet seen an enterprise say, "you know, what we really need is an inefficient database system where our data is replicated across a plethora of nodes outside of our own control for no obvious benefit to ourselves whatsoever".
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:09:39
Nice work!
!lntip 5000
@_date: 2018-06-16 16:05:24
I think it'd be very hard to get anything reliable.  I have a total of three reddit accounts, two of which are subscribed here and both of them are active.  The reason for that is one of them is associated with my work and this is my private one which definitely shouldn't get associated with the work one.
On this account, I tend to be more vocal about philosophy and use of bitcoin, whereas on my work account I tend to stick more to technical details.
@_date: 2019-08-22 15:46:42
I linked to it in my previous reply... here it is more directly: [
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:59:21
This much:
!lntip 2100
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:45:51


The energy consumption will not continue to rise beyond the costs of mining.  No miner is going to choose to mine at a loss.
The simplistic view that usually suffices is that when the value of bitcoin rises, miners turn on new mining equipment, and when it goes down, miners turn off old mining equipment.  However, this takes the availability of energy out of the equation.  At some point, there simply is no more cheap energy available and it's not economically valuable to turn on new equipment at the cost of the energy that is available.
This may lead you to worry that Bitcoin will use up all of the cheap energy, leaving only expensive energy for other tasks.  However, that ignores the fact that "value" isn't some magical external thing, it's a fundamental human things (stuff only has value because we value it).  If we value keeping people alive in hospitals more than we value the bitcoin that is being produced, the value of Bitcoin decreases, and the hospital is able to power itself at the price that we collectively consider it worth to power it for.
Essentially, Bitcoin's value and Bitcoin's energy usage will naturally find a balanced level at which point it isn't economically "worth it" to add more hash power to the network.


Correct, I don't see shitcoins as having any inherent long-term value and they are all ultimately doomed to die for this exact reason.  I never argued a case for anything other than Bitcoin.


No it isn't.  The vast majority of nodes aren't miners or exchanges.  Their transactions would be worthless and the miners would be paying their extraordinarily high costs at no reward since no one is interested in their forked shitcoins.
Bitcoin's network would be without hash rate for a time and transactions would begin building up in a backlog.  Eventually (really not long at all) some miner would be too enticed by the reward and come back to the main chain to grab as many blocks as he can before the other miners also jump back.
It'd be a nuisance at best, certainly nothing concerning to the network as a whole.
@_date: 2019-08-03 18:26:17
Unfortunately only lnd right now.  However the software that it talks to is actually a wrapper called "[LndHub]( and is completely open source.  A new fork of the project could therefore be made to have the same interface for BlueWallet to talk to, but wrap a different underlying lightning node such as C-Lightning.
I've actually been considering doing it myself since I'm not such a fan of lnd, but I've got so many other things going on right now, that it's lower priority unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-08-03 10:06:10
I mostly hold it as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on Steam
- My yearly VPN renewal
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
- And just recently, [fast food]( orders
There are more options to me as well including grocery delivery, a couple of cafes and bars near to where I live, and so on; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2019-08-25 12:08:10


Technically possible, yes.  Likely with the more popular/well-known wallets, no.
If you want to be totally sure though, then don't trust *any* wallet to create the key for you: do it yourself with a calculator, pen, and paper.  That's probably a bit excessive though: you could also just use something like a local copy of [bitaddress.org]( on an offline/airgapped computer after carefully examining the page source yourself to understand what it does and how it does it.


Again, this is up to you.  The exact format details for everything is public, open information.  If you want to do something manually, you can.  Or you can trust software to do it for you.


Yes, a combination of hardware wallet(s), software wallet(s) on desktop and mobile devices, and entirely offline wallets.


It can.  It won't do anything against theft by the application developer or operating system, but depending on how you secure the mnemonics offline, compromise of one shouldn't automatically mean compromise of all.


No idea.  [Bitcoin.org]( is a private website - there is no "bitcoin organisation" or company that is responsible for it.  Whoever runs it can choose what they put there or not.  In general, the community tends to make it known if they do anything that's definitively not good and while I won't say I like all the wallets they list (I don't like the bitpay wallet at all for example since the company behind it is well known for doing very bad things), I will say that I have no reason so far to disagree with any of the ratings/comments they make about the wallets they do list.
Personally I do use some wallets that aren't listed there.  I point people there when they ask since I'd rather people do their own research rather than just trusting strangers on the internet (i.e. me).
@_date: 2019-08-19 03:47:54
While that *technically* could happen, I wouldn't support that hardfork.
Allowing for further subdivisions doesn't change the money supply/distribution, whereas allowing more to be mined does.
@_date: 2019-08-15 14:26:47
That's a UX issue.  LN is absolutely capable of having a UX that simple.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:34:32


Probably because it was totally incorrect.
Under the system that you're familiar with, money is not a representation of the value of goods and services but instead a representation of debt that it is created and then traded for goods and services.
Goods and services must constantly adjust their price as the amount of money (debt) increases.  While the market does play a role in their ultimate price, it's heavily manipulated by both the creation of money and limitations placed on the use of the money, so can not be called "free market" by any reasonable understanding of the term.
You actually correctly identified what money *should be* and *naturally is* under normal human interaction, but the current global financial system has been so twisted by those in control over so many years that it's at the point where myths are treated as fact and the vast majority of people are trained to believe it's all so complex that if you haven't dedicated your life to studying it, you'll have no hope of ever understanding it and so have to trust those that say they did (economics is certainly a complex system with huge numbers of inputs and factors, but modelling it as aggregates is actually something most high-schoolers should be capable of if given a week or two of grounding in the field).
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:44:03
That would've been nice... someone paying me euro for the privilege of giving me their bitcoin!
(anyone willing to make that offer now, please just let me know)
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:27:33


Honestly, you're probably not going to get much choice in the matter in these "early days" of the network, and in the future your software will take care of channel management in an automated way that will do a much better job than any human at figuring out the appropriate things to do.
It's also quite a bit more complicated than I've made out so far, since I was trying to keep it relatively simple.  If you think you really do want to make these decisions yourself and can handle some "heavier" reading, you should at least skim through the parts about cltv\_expiry on [BOLT  and [BOLT  (especially around routing on BOLT 
The first time I sent an email, it took about 12 hours to reach its destination, and just to do so, I had to dig through a couple of technical documents to figure out what I was doing.  These days, it's so simple my 5 year old can email his grandparents from a tablet.  Lightning is still in the "12 hours and couple of tech docs" stage right now; if you're not comfortable with that, you might want to stick to a simple neutrino based Lightning wallet instead of a full node.  If you are comfortable with it, then welcome and I hope you have fun :)
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:40:39
**Liquid assets**: 100% BTC, 0% fiat.
**Total assets**: No idea, I've never bothered actually calculating it and think that even if I did, I wouldn't want to announce it to the world on reddit.
@_date: 2019-08-21 03:55:45
Sure you can.  It's pretty much the fundamental concept of what a "currency" is (a representation of a value that ideally holds no value of itself external to its use as a representation of value).
@_date: 2019-08-30 11:50:46
I would disagree on the plurals, but agree on the capitalisation.
"bitcoin" refers to the token.  The plural is either "bitcoin" or "bitcoins" depending on preference (just as some people say "5 euro" while others say "5 euros").  Personally, I prefer to say "5 bitcoin".
"Bitcoin" refers to the system.  The plural is always "Bitcoins" but is extremely rare.  You would use it in contexts such as "some shitcoiners claim that forks of Bitcoin are just as valid as the original.  In their view, there are multiple Bitcoins, each with unique properties.  They are of course wrong."
@_date: 2019-08-01 04:39:06
Earn it is probably best.  Get an after-school job and tell them you want to be paid in Bitcoin, or head over to and see if there's anything requested there that you can do.
@_date: 2019-08-19 06:28:17


No. Next question...
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:47:41
Depends on the country and how they classify Bitcoin.
* For those that don't have any regulatory system around it at all, there's no realistic way they can say it violates any laws.
* For those that treat it as a form of money, it quite likely bumps up against various money-laundering related laws.
* For those that treat it as a non-monetary financial instrument, similar money-laundering related laws may also come in to play; just indirectly rather than directly.
* For those that treat it as a commodity, I doubt they can find any appropriate laws to forbid it unless they can argue that unique history makes them non-fungible in which case they can probably stretch the definition of some laws regarding bad faith trading (the provision of the commodity that was offered for trade is not the commodity that was given) but it really is a hard stretch.
Regardless, many governments really only give lip service to their own laws.  They tend to act first under the idea "it must be illegal!" and only then try to figure out how later on.  In places where there's still slightly too much resistance to that behaviour, someone instead just finds the thing they don't like, mutates some definitions in law to make an existing law read as if it forbids that thing, and then use that as their justification for taking action.  Either way, it becomes your job to prove your innocence rather than their job to prove your guilt (since their crappy interpretation ends up being considered "proof of guilt" unless you can show otherwise); which is of course the exact opposite of how law is intended to work in most of the world.
@_date: 2019-08-13 05:19:14
He's talking about the fact that the statement you just made is utterly ridiculous and not backed by any reasonable interpretation of the evidence.
It's been "fantastic" in so far as that word means "fantasy".  Or perhaps "fantastic" in terms of how many different predictions are made every single day predicting every single possible outcome.  You can indeed go back and find correct predictions for every single change in the USD/BTC exchange rate, but only because nearly every possible prediction was already made.
TA is just dressed up [tasseography](
@_date: 2019-08-31 16:23:06


No.  It's the most efficient way possible to provide the level of security that it does.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:21:06
I'm not one of them, but I agree with them and I'm turning 40 next week.
@_date: 2019-08-21 05:50:55


I disagree on two counts.
1. It's not "relatively stable" even under normal conditions.  "Hyperinflation" is a cute term that people use for failed currencies, but all it really means is "more inflation than desirable".  Since I think it's reasonable to argue that inflation of any rate different to the addressed market's own natural inflation or deflation is undesirable, an artificial inflation IS hyperinflation; just slower than some others.
2. It hasn't survived that long as a currency yet and I don't expect it to survive much longer.  I give it a century at the outside, but probably much less.


I've been wanting to do the maths on this, but haven't had a chance yet.  I'd actually be reasonably certain that for its market size, BTC is more stable than the dollar.  If we work on the principle that the size of a market influences its volatility (if you want to argue this, I'll do it separately but for now I'll assume it's a given) and use this as a modifier factor in the volatility calculation, the US dollar has much greater volatility than BTC in general.
Even if this isn't the case (like I said, I haven't done the maths, so it is just speculation for the moment), I don't see a good reason to assume BTC isn't *capable* of being stable when the number of users is higher and the majority of people are holding a small amount of it in the same way that the majority of people in the dollar-economy are holding a small amount of dollars.
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:56:35


Lay off the psychedelics until you're more mature, and learn to use Google before posting really unclear questions in the Bitcoin subreddit.
@_date: 2019-08-21 13:14:09
So far, I've helped 3 merchants set up BTCPayServer; but all of them are somewhat larger businesses and I charged them consultancy fees for my time.
Off the top of my head, I've helped probably about 20 to 30 much smaller businesses, but for all of them, it's just by installing a wallet on a mobile phone and teaching them how to use it (and of course I don't charge them for this help).  Usually, they'll ask how to get fiat for their BTC and so I'll teach them about exchanges; but at the same time I'll suggest they keep at least some of their BTC and teach them about having another cold-wallet that they can periodically send some or all of their BTC to (and since the majority of their customers are likely to still pay in fiat, they generally won't be living or dying from the small difference from a few sales in BTC).
@_date: 2019-08-07 17:32:51


No... there aren't.
@_date: 2019-08-14 14:33:52


So, the fact that it's an immutable, uncensorable, borderless, pseudonymous, cheap and easy system for performing economic activity is "nothing of worth"?
The value of Bitcoin is what people value it at.  It's always backed by itself just like every other sensible currency in existence.  Gold is backed by itself.  The US dollar is backed by itself.
The way you're talking, you probably believe in the concept of "intrinsic value".  Really that's an oxymoron.  Value is something that humans attribute to things.  It can't be an intrinsic property of anything.  A thing can have intrinsic properties that most people value, but if that's what is meant by intrinsic value, then Bitcoin has just as much claim to intrinsic value as gold or the dollar (personally, I value Bitcoin's properties much more than those of gold or the dollar).
Bitcoin is *not* backed by the dollar in any way, shape or form.  If the dollar crashes to near zero tomorrow, Bitcoin will skyrocket, not crash with it!
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:18:30


Do you really think they can stop it?
@_date: 2019-08-22 16:48:51


While that's reasonable, the "trust" is generally in managing the keys, not creating them.  So if you're willing to import the key in to a light wallet, you might as well create them there to begin with since the risk is essentially the same (and while I won't call it "no risk", it's at least quite a low risk for the well-known and established wallets).


Moving coins isn't a big deal and honestly is the best way.  However, if you really want that the same key is shared by both, you could import the private key from the light client in to Bitcoin Core instead once you're ready to run that node.
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:12:10
1. Read [this](
2. If it's too long, skip to the flowchart on page 42 (Figure 6).
3. If you still think you need a blockchain, you're probably wrong, but you should consider building something as a layer on top of the Bitcoin blockchain because it's the only one anyone can truly call secure and immutable.
@_date: 2019-08-06 12:01:17
You need ID because the UK government is scared of people selling British Pounds (a fiat currency that is fundamentally weak) to get Bitcoin (a commodity currency that is fundamentally strong).
In case anyone thinks this is just "Bitcoin maximalism" gone crazy, consider it this way: The UK (like most countries/jurisdictions) does not require that you perform KYC for exchanges that trade between Bitcoin and various tokens/cryptocurrencies/shitcoins, only those that have fiat as a trading pair.  They're not trying to protect people from "the risks involved with Bitcoin" (as they usually claim); they're trying to protect their currency from Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:10:55
Does  this law firm provide any evidence at all?  My Russian is unfortunately not great (not much more than ordering in a restaurant and reading street signs) so I can't really help in that regard; but everything about the story you describe sounds like a scam to me:
1. Deliberately limiting the available information, which makes it hard to actually verify anything.
2. Demanding a percentage of the recovery on top of fees, which looks good for claimants because it makes them look motivated, but in reality they'll *definitely* charge their fees whether they actually recover anything or not, so it's very easy for them to do nothing, say they tried, and then charge you.
3. Claiming a deadline that forces you to "act now" or potentially miss out, which encourages impulsive action and reduced investigation.
They do appear to be a real law firm (again, with my terrible Russian I can't be all that sure), but I don't really see anything that would give me any confidence beyond that.  Even real law firms can be scammy (and often are better at it since they can often do it by "technically" not breaking any laws while still milking people for money).
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:01:10
No. None of what he said is true unless you want to independently verify the blockchain yourself. A full node is not necessary for simply making a transaction if you trust that the nodes you are communicating with aren’t lying to you.
Even if they are lying to you, the worst they can do is pretend your money has been spent when it hasn’t been or pretend you’ve received transactions that never actually happened. Either way, they can’t steal your money or divert your transaction to themselves.
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:44:45
That which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.  So, here I am, dismissing your claim that governments are able to actually do anything to stop Bitcoin.
Any time you want a discussion, feel free to come back with some actual points instead of just stating your opinion as if anyone else should care.
@_date: 2019-08-21 04:04:31


This happens automatically *when* mass adoption occurs.


Bitcoin doesn't ask permission.  They either get with the programme or get left behind.
@_date: 2019-08-13 06:53:57
Can you see the future?  I can't.  If I could, I'd definitely do it.  I'd exchange BTC for fiat every time it was about to go down, and buy more BTC every time it was about to go up.  I'd have a fortune.
However, the reality is that I can't see the future and I highly doubt that you can either.  Exchanging your BTC for fiat now may give you a chance to get more later at a more favourable exchange rate, but it also may not.  It may leave you with less BTC when it goes up and is never this low again.
The fact is, you don't know, and therefore it's essentially the same as gambling.  Feel free to do so if that's a risk you're willing to take, but don't blame Bitcoin if you end up financially worse off than you started.
@_date: 2019-08-14 09:24:04
Many people walk around on a regular basis with thousands or tens of thousands of dollars worth of clothes, jewellery, electronics, and so on nearly all the time without theft, kidnapping, or mugging being common occurrences.
Again, your perception of the dangers of society is probably much worse than reality would warrant.  Human beings are social animals and are inherently 'nice'.  That doesn't mean there aren't people out there who will commit crimes against you to benefit themselves, but they are absolutely the minority and it's not just the threat of social repercussions (including the law) that stops people from doing so.  Even without a law telling me I'm not allowed to steal from you, I still wouldn't, because that's a pretty dickish thing to do.
@_date: 2019-08-05 04:55:04
Why anyone asks or answers this kind of question is something I’ll never understand. 
It’s like asking how much money you have in your bank account; only worse because of the likely value increase on bitcoin vs the definite value decrease of fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:30:14


The demand is there and believe me that there are plenty of people working on solutions... give us time (yes, I say "us" because I'm one of the people working on solutions...).
I personally give it 2 to 3 more years at most before you'll see a flood of really nice end-user and merchant solutions based primarily around the Lightning Network.  The regulatory space bothers me a bit - especially in countries like the US where taxation of it is a nightmare - but I'm also hoping that we can use the availability of solutions for BTC merchant adoption as a push for regulatory change as well.
The main reason there's a lack of merchant adoption right now is that on-chain transactions don't scale and the Lightning Network is still very young and kind of "warty" to use from a software perspective.  Adoption on-chain right now would mean massive fee spikes and a subsequent drop in usage.  Adoption off-chain right now means confusing UIs and merchants giving up in frustration for something that isn't worth their while.
We are working to make it easier.  Once it's easy enough, it's a "no brainer" for merchants to hop on board.
Edit: As a side note, there are people who do use BTC for the majority of their daily transactions.  I'm one of them.  But I've really "fought" to get myself in to this position and I don't think it's viable or scalable yet until we make it easier.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:38:45
Are you just trolling at this point?
You asked, "*Are you a libertarian?*" which clearly does not fall under the rubric of "*...any specific things you'd like to know my thoughts on...*".
So again, I'm happy to have a conversation if you're actually going to engage, but otherwise, I don't see much point.
@_date: 2019-08-14 07:29:03
Many "whales" aren't private individuals, they're businesses.
Personally, I don't fear having my Bitcoin robbed (I'm no whale, but it's also not a small amount of money) because:
1. Most people don't know I have any significant amount of Bitcoin
2. I've taken precautions to protect it
3. I live in a society where theft and kidnapping aren't common occurrences (which is true for most of the world, no matter how much your local news station wants to scare you; unless you're in a 3rd world active war zone, it's almost certainly true for you as well)


And this is exactly why I'd be *more* worried about fiat 'protected' by the bank than my Bitcoin.  Banks are bigger, more interesting targets for thieves than individuals, and one potential thief - the government - has the 'authority' to tell the bank what to do with the money in their custody.
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:18:29
Stablecoins tied to USD can’t replace USD by definition... they wouldn’t be tied to anything if they did.
@_date: 2019-08-22 06:58:20
Bitcoin isn't inflationary; it has a supply that is released to the market according to a known algorithm and thus the proportion of the total supply that is (at least potentially) available for economic activity increases over time.
This, however, is not the definition of "inflation".
@_date: 2019-08-24 06:06:12
Strange how you think I said something other than I did.
@_date: 2019-08-08 18:31:48


I agree. It still seems far more likely - especially in light of his other behaviour - that Craig Wright is indeed that stupid than that he’s Satoshi. 


He never explained however how this is possible. Unless he really means that he *could* do so right now but is contractually compelled against it. If that were truly the case though, he’d be able to prove that to the court trivially. 


He makes a lot of money off people believing him. It’s not just access to the bitcoin. I expect he is pretty sure the real Satoshi will never show up, so as long as he can keep profiting off the lie, he’ll stick to it. 


Just because it could be, it doesn’t mean the chance is reasonable at all. 


It’s close enough to zero. There’s a non-zero chance that the universe doesn’t exist and you’re a complex AI being fed a virtual world. You can’t prove that’s not true. But it’s nothing more than mental masturbation to consider it seriously. The chance that Wright is Satoshi is only very slightly higher in my view. It’s still not even worth entertaining as a thought experiment.
@_date: 2019-08-13 06:50:06
While I'd prefer this if it were already the case, I don't think the disruption caused by the change is worth it.
This is similar to the fact that I don't like that on-chain ledger entries that get collected in to blocks are called "transactions" (because it gives a false impression about their capability/purpose/meaning) but I'm also not arguing to change that because it's already so ingrained in the system, including all existing documentation, online information, educational material, and so on.
Changing anything so fundamental in the description of something causes either massive disruption or simply doesn't stick (or both).  In a decentralised system like Bitcoin, you're even less likely to get it to stick since you'd need to have at least the majority agreeing with you before major public services/software/interfaces (exchanges, wallet software, etc) would switch anything around, and without them doing so, getting the majority to agree is likely an exercise in futility without a much stronger reason for doing so.
@_date: 2019-10-13 21:03:53


With the global economy as it currently is, I'd be interested to hear what you think qualifies as "safer" than Bitcoin...
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:05:54


We don't, because the cost doesn't become absurd.  Energy is neither created nor destroyed, it only changes form.  If there's not enough energy at a reasonable cost, Bitcoin's value won't go that high because we're valuing other things over Bitcoin.  If there is demand for the value of the Bitcoin to rise, new cheap forms of energy supply will be made to meet the demand.
Note that none of this is conscious effort. People don't say, "oh, I want Bitcoin to be worth more, so I'll go build a wind farm"; instead it just becomes the economically right thing to do at that point in time.


No, I also deride non-PoW coins as shitcoins as well...


None of those use cases make any sense.  Blockchains are slow and inefficient.  The only reason to use them is to secure value.  Money is the purest representation of value we have and therefore money is the best (and possibly only realistic) use of a blockchain.
Anything like generalised smart contracts for financial purposes can be built on top of the Bitcoin blockchain or connected to it.  There is zero need for another chain.


Are these assets physical or virtual?  If they're physical, how do you solve the oracle problem?  If they're virtual, why not represent them on the Bitcoin blockchain directly?


I do agree that's a current weakness of the system, but only because it's in its infancy.  It's however also irrelevant to me.  If 95% of the world decides that the new fork is called Bitcoin, and the fork that me and the few others are on is called "Bitcoin Classic" or whatever, then fine, I use Bitcoin Classic.  The name doesn't bother me as much as the system.  I'll continue using the system with the properties of hard money and believe that it's a fundamental sociological fact that over time, everyone else will as well.  People gravitate towards hard money and away from soft money.
I also don't think the attack would ever actually happen though, for the sociological reasons you point out.  I do agree that it bears some similarity to proof of stake in that it's a sociological security and not a physical one, but that's only in the risk of the attack happening, not the consequences of such an attack, where there is a huge difference.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:52:56


While I agree with this, I don't see how it demonstrates this:


Right now, electricity is of course the best tool we have for proof of work, but I don't see any reason that we should favour one particular quantum field (electromagnetism) over any other when it comes down to it.
I'd argue proof of work *could* be implemented on anything where we deal with energy gradients.  You just need to build the "proof" part.  Right now, we've only done that for electricity (and I'd also argue that although hashing is a great proof, it's not the best possible; we just haven't found a better one yet).
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:38:44
Fair enough. I’ll have a drink on your behalf then.
@_date: 2019-08-08 11:21:25
The graph at the bottom is the size in megabytes and you can hover your mouse over it to see how many megabytes of each transaction fee there is.
One block is about 1MB (this is actually more complex now with segwit; but we'll keep it simple for the moment) and is generated on average every 10 minutes.  Miners will - as a general rule - pay themselves as much as possible, meaning they'll fill the blocks with the transactions paying the highest fees.
So, if no new transactions were to come in at all, you'd expect 6MB of unprocessed transactions to be processed every hour.  This means that as of right now (11:18 GMT on 2019-08-08), it'd take less than two hours for the pool to be completely empty; and just over 1 hour before 1sat/byte transactions were being put in to blocks).
However, of course new transactions are coming in all the time.  This tends to happen in 'waves', both because of times of day where certain parts of the world are more active and also because people sometimes avoid making non-essential transactions when the mempool is quite full, opting to "wait until it's a bit cheaper".
If you zoom out the timeline (buttons across the top), you can see several common patterns for the waves on different time scales.  Although it is of course far from an exact science, these can be used to make reasonable predictions about whether the mempool will be growing, shrinking, or sitting level and for how long.  Right now, I think it's about to start shrinking again, being quite low by about 7 hours from now and near empty 9 hours from now.
I of course can't be certain of this at all.  News tends to cause spikes as people rush to transfer things around on and off exchanges and so on and there's a lot of "noise" that makes it an educated guess at best; but it tends to be a reasonable method.
You can also make some more claims with even higher certainty (although never 100%), such as: Right now, it would be crazy to put a transaction in at more than 12sat/byte unless you actually believe a huge spike in transactions is coming, since transactions of that fee level have been consistently clearing within two blocks for over 4 hours now.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:43:50
No, because fiat is centralised.  Even if you decentralised everything else, that part of it would remain impossible to decentralise.
@_date: 2019-08-21 14:34:32
The video "What the Average Japanese Think of Cryptocurrency" that they embedded was a bit odd.  The English subtitles were a pretty loose interpretation of what the people were saying (nothing outright wrong that I caught, but there were still some significant liberties taken).
@_date: 2019-08-02 13:12:21
!lntip 1234
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:46:26
I literally just bought it from German Amazon.  [Direct Link]( (replace "smile" with "www" if you don't use Amazon smile).
@_date: 2019-10-27 12:53:26
If that's one of the actual pure copper ones, I'd probably accept it in exchange for a cheap cup of coffee or so.  It's only about 1820sat worth of copper at current copper prices, but the novelty/decoration factor probably somewhere around triples that.
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:44:45


Yes, but my point is that there's no way to prove it's Bitcoin.  It's a number in a database that they call Bitcoin.
Whether it's a service people want or not isn't the point.  I'm not saying it's "bad" or "wrong" or "evil" or anything like that, I'm just saying it's not Bitcoin.


Then it's also not Bitcoin.


Is there any way a user can verify the balance?  Not just "ask them", but actually independently verify?  If not, I think it's even *less* trustworthy since in this scenario there are two companies involved who could choose to be dishonest instead of only one (even if Revolut are honest, Bitstamp could lie to them about the holdings; or even if Bitstamp are honest, Revolut could lie to them about how much they need to be holding).


That's a false dichotomy.  It's not "them or nothing", there are plenty of other alternatives that *do* give you access to your own Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-28 09:36:56
Based on the posts we do have from him/her/it/them, I'd imagine the modus operandi would be silence on anything price related and continued concentration on the technology combined with the philosophical aspects behind the reason for the system.
@_date: 2019-08-20 07:46:42


That seems unlikely, given that somewhere between 70% and 80% of Bitcoin mining is done using renewable energy sources...
@_date: 2019-08-13 04:15:59
No, it couldn't.  Large existing miners have invested significantly more than 50k USD in hardware and location (we're talking "millions" here) and have nowhere near enough hash rate to pull off this kind of attack reasonably.  The hash rate rental prices you were using as a reference are cheaper precisely because they're short-term rentals of hash rate rather than actually owning it.
Even if a miner did have enough hash rate to be able to have a reasonable chance of deliberately orphaning one block within a 24 hour period, they don't know which block they're going to get lucky on.  They'd therefore have to convince their potential victims to perform a valuable enough transaction (and confirm the counter-value, such as the USD transfer) *in every single block* for that 24 hour period, which is - on average - 144 blocks.
Meanwhile, they've been spending their hash rate on trying this orphaning-attack, meaning they were deliberately building on the block one-behind the current chain instead of building on top of the chain.  This means that their hash rate isn't going towards actually mining the current chain while attacking it.  Each block they are *not* mining towards (whether alone or in a pool) has an opportunity cost related to their hash rate.
Let's imagine a scenario where they can successfully do the attack around half-way through the day.  They've spent $x USD on hash rate; missed out on potential rewards from mining 72 blocks; convinced around 144 people to perform transactions (with them) of $y USD (where $y is significantly greater than $x for the attack to even try to make financial sense); performed those transactions with 71 of them; and successfully stolen $y USD from one single person.
In this scenario, $y needs to cover at least:
* The value of the rewards from 72 blocks, which would be very significant if you've got enough hash rate to pull off this kind of attack;
* The cost of convincing and coordinating so many potential victims, including having enough reserves to actually honestly pay out 71 of them;
* The $x cost of the hash rate
I find this difficult to even imagine, especially the second point whereby not only do you need to have the reserves to cover all of the honest transactions, but also coordinate that many people to each only be making one transaction per block.  It's beyond ridiculous and anyone capable of it would be far better off putting those resources in to mining honestly - it'll be more valuable to them.
@_date: 2019-08-08 07:51:19


Sorry to hear it, but I hope you're not blaming anyone but yourself for this... Bitcoin doesn't "make money" or "lose money", it is money.  If you lose out by gambling on exchange rate movements or investing in people making promises that they don't deliver on, you only have yourself to blame.


If there were a surefire way to do that, everyone would be.  I'd stick $100k in to it and live happily on my $50k to $100k income.  Of course, the real world doesn't work that way.  Either you gamble and get lucky, or you work.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:22:33
Honestly, that doesn't interest me in the slightest or sound like fun at all.
I regularly help people - individuals and businesses - set up Bitcoin wallets and never once have I encouraged the idea of "selling BTC" for "profits".  But hey, if you and your friends are willing to trade your BTC for any fiat I happen to have, I'm more than willing to take it off your hands.
@_date: 2019-08-18 06:08:05
All of those discoveries weren't just from sitting around saying "what if?" - they were from studying, learning, trying things, and building on the knowledge of others.
Science isn't a religion and there's no such thing as heresy.  Some things aren't investigated because they're a waste of time having already been soundly disproven.  If someone wants to investigate them, they're welcome to go right ahead and do so.  Publish a paper proving a stationary Earth that actually fits the available data better than everything else we have and you will get a Nobel Prize.
Science is never about having the answers; it's about having the currently best answers and then working towards finding better ones.  This is exactly what I mean when I say people are scared of the words "I don't know".  They'd rather fill the gaps in their knowledge with outrageous bullshit made up by sitting around asking "what if?" instead of either actually going out and putting in the time to find out, or learning to be comfortable with "I don't know".
@_date: 2019-08-15 13:59:54


You say that like you think they have the power to actually do something about it... 10 years ago, sure.  5 years ago, maybe.  Now, not a snowman's chance in a pizza oven.
@_date: 2019-10-30 17:24:29
The time to believe something is when you have sufficient evidence for it. Until then, the only honest answer is “I don’t know”. 
Hal is a strong candidate for Satoshi, I agree. But there’s not anywhere near enough evidence to ‘sincerely believe’ that.
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:57:27
Probably not without paying a premium for the privacy and arranging a private deal. 
Of course that does very much depend on where in the world you live. 
It’s not something I have much experience with or knowledge of because I don’t exchange BTC for fiat. 
Given it’s a smaller amount, if you’re not interested in holding it, have you considered spending it instead of exchanging it for fiat?
@_date: 2019-08-30 09:26:11
Your advice is terrible, because it's based on the faulty assumption that Bitcoin is a speculative investment vehicle with the purpose of making you more money in fiat terms.
I'd actually agree that if someone asked me about speculating on Bitcoin, I'd suggest they go to a casino and gamble that way instead; but speculating on Bitcoin is specifically *not* what investing in Bitcoin is about.


Then you're a fool as well as misguided.  Fiat currencies lose value over time by definition.  Bitcoin will either gain value over time, or disappear completely (be worth zero).  The "disappear completely" option becomes less and less likely with each passing day and is close enough to impossible now that I'd be more concerned about the risks of holding any amount of dollars or euro than I would about holding Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-08 07:48:06
What are your skills/qualifications?
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:40:12


This is a property of the payment system used, not the currency.
I agree that Bitcoin on-chain transactions won't ever be a global payment network.  This has nothing to do with whether Bitcoin will ever be a global currency.  Payments can be made off-chain and settled on-chain.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:53:55
You know it's possible to not be a liberal and still think Trump is a dangerous moron, right?
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:55:10
It's just numbers, so even if there were only 1 satoshi left, we can still run the world economy on it.  We just need to subdivide it further.  That would require a hardfork, but it'd be non-controversial well before then since once we were reaching the point that single satoshis were too large for on-chain settlements to be useful (note that we *already* use sub-satoshi units on second layers), there'd be no good reason not to agree to divide it further.
@_date: 2019-08-26 05:45:55
Looks great.  I'd be interested how you manage your data sources (both currently and planned).
This kind of site is really useful, but many of these kinds of things end up suffering the problem of becoming out of date fast with no good way to manage the data that's in it.  One attempt at a solution is allowing people to add/change data themselves, but this tends to be problematic in terms of other fake or incorrect data.
The most harmful kind of incorrect data is false positives, where something is listed that isn't there at all.  This could be because it used to be there but no longer is, or was simply added incorrectly.  False negatives are less harmful but still far from ideal, where something isn't listed that should be, either because it never got added to begin with or was added but then incorrectly removed.
I do have some ideas around managing this, if you don't already have a good solution or idea in place yourself.
@_date: 2019-08-26 15:13:49
And good riddance to all the traders just speculating on the price, trying to increase their fiat bags.
I'll happily take greater amounts of BTC off their hands if that's what they really want.  They'll regret it when that fiat isn't worth the material its printed on.
@_date: 2019-08-14 15:08:02
That's a loaded question because it immediately implies valuing one thing in terms of another.
If you like, I could take a quick walk over to the local grocery store in the village where I live and tell you how many watermelons I could get for 1 BTC (if they actually had that many, which they definitely don't), but I don't think you're going to start telling me that Bitcoin is backed by watermelons are you?
(As a side note: the grocery store does accept Bitcoin and doesn't accept US Dollars.  They do accept euro though, since they - and I - are in Germany.)
The only honest answer I can give you is that 1 BTC is currently - and always will be - valued at 1 BTC.  Alternatively, you can describe it as 100000000 satoshi, or (approximately) 1/21000000 of the total economic activity of the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2019-08-02 13:27:21
1. If used properly, they are very secure.  Follow the instructions and don't try to be "clever" by improvising with extra steps or be "lazy" and make things easier for yourself by skipping or ignoring things.
2. It's very easy.
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:49:33
It is, yes.  And that doesn't change the amount of gold that actually exists either.
Bitcoin has a significant advantage over gold though in that it's *much* easier to verify/enforce delivery.  If someone tells me I own five hundred kilograms of gold in a safe that they've got, I need to actually go to that safe to verify it's there.  Even then, I don't know if they're telling anyone else that they also own some of it.  If I tell them to give it to me, I then have to deal with the difficulty of managing/transporting that much physical gold.  Once I've got it, I also might find that some of it is fake - other metals wrapped in gold instead of the real thing.
With Bitcoin, I can get cryptographic proof remotely that they hold the Bitcoin and that it's 100% real and not faked.  If I tell them to transfer it to me, they can do so instantly and securely in a way that no one can intercept or interrupt.
So yes, although both paper gold and paper bitcoin are things that happen, paper gold does so because of impracticalities with gold that simply don't exist in bitcoin.  Paper gold has to exist in order to use gold meaningfully as a currency.  Paper bitcoin does *not* have to exist to use bitcoin meaningfully as a currency.
@_date: 2019-10-27 09:25:19
Before AOL were an ISP, they were a walled garden that was connected to, but separate from, the internet.
I believe that's the "AOL" that is referring to; not the rebranded, watered down thing that they had to become in order to stay in business.
If you prefer something else from the same era that truly died a bit quicker, try Compuserve.
@_date: 2018-06-30 03:46:30
While I don't like the idea of anyone having the ability to perform a 51&amp; attack and we should do our best to reduce/minimise this risk, it is worth noting that even with the majority hashpower, it is generally in the miner's best interest to continue to mine as usual and not attack the network.
Of course, there are incentives external to the system itself that can change this (e.g. government interference) and therefore anyone having enough power to attack the network must be considered a serious risk, but it's definitely not *certain* disaster. 
@_date: 2019-08-05 10:41:42


Sorry, what?
Even if the rest of your story is true and Kraken were indeed pretty crappy to you, this part is simply wrong.  Trades have two sides, and if someone else made money off you because of Kraken freezing your ability to interact but still allowing things like margin calls to take place, then *they* got your money.  It's Kraken's fault (still assuming the rest of your story is indeed true and isn't missing anything), but there's nothing "virtual" about it.
@_date: 2019-08-30 19:53:58
I'm quite sure I know a hell of a lot more about how Bitcoin operates than you do.  I wrote my first Bitcoin client app in 2013, when did you write yours?
I'm also going to go out on a limb here and  assume you're American.  While not all Americans make this mistake, it tends to *only* be Americans as far as I've seen that view "government" as a single global monolithic thing.
In order to "shut down the major miners", a coordinated effort by at least 5 governments (off the top of my head) that aren't all particularly friendly with each other would need to take place.  Even if they ever agreed - which I find extremely unlikely - the discussion would make its way to the public and countermeasures would be put in place.
You also seem to think that a 51% attack is somehow economically feasible for governments to do.  The cost is enormous, since you need to run the mining equipment *at no profit* for a long time (doing it in secret, you can gain some profit; but it's not without significant risk; and there's no way that governments could do it in secret).
And finally, governments exist at the acceptance of the people.  The kind of attack that would be necessary to even reasonably attempt to stop Bitcoin at this point would be in the realm of modern western democracies suddenly turning in to militarised police states.  The people simply wouldn't accept it.  Not because of Bitcoin, but because effectively stopping it would involve massive surveillance, detention/arrest/murder of otherwise upstanding citizens, and many other horrors.  Governments are well aware of this and the vast majority will not willingly take those kinds of actions.
@_date: 2019-08-02 14:48:43
No idea what my count is, but definitely in the hundreds.  Maybe even the thousands if we can count the knock-on effects of getting businesses to accept Bitcoin and then their customers showing an interest.  I really have no way of measuring at this stage.
I've been in the game a bit longer though... 2010 was my first exposure, but 2013 is when I started getting serious about it.
@_date: 2019-08-22 11:22:03
Ummm.... yeah, did you read the last paragraph?
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:42:29
People can speculate with paper bitcoin as much as they want, that doesn't change the fundamental fact that there will only ever be (a tiny bit less than) 21 million BTC.
Just because some people are stupid enough to accept paper bitcoin as if they're real bitcoin, it doesn't mean they actually are.
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:02:50


Absolutely.  That early "loss" was due to deleting it simply because I really didn't understand the potential value and the whole idea of "mining" for a worthless digital coin and destroying my hardware in the process seemed crazy.
In 2011, I discovered Silk Road and bought some Bitcoin from Mt Gox in order to make purchases.  It didn't really "click" with me at the time that this was the same thing I'd mined earlier.  In 2012, I started noticing the exchange rate of Bitcoin and finally started thinking this might be something worth looking in to.
In 2013, I finally read the whitepaper, and getting more heavily involved, especially on the technical side.
Since 2016, I use Bitcoin as my primary currency and no longer hold fiat.  Since 2018, I've worked for a Bitcoin related company, and since the start of this year, I've been receiving my salary in Bitcoin so get to bypass the fiat system even more.
@_date: 2019-08-21 03:54:28


The total supply of dollars is neither "1" nor "100 billion", so I have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:50:58


I'm also reasonably certain you're right on this and the reason is something that most people seem to ignore.  Proof-of-Work isn't a consensus algorithm; it's a security system based on a fundamental property of the universe.  At the higher abstraction layer, we call this "work", but it's really the idea that the arrow of time points in one direction only ("energy use" really means increasing entropy within the total system, entropy is fundamentally just how we describe the chaotic state of the universe compared to its ordered state, and the arrow of time is that which points towards the less ordered state).
Bitcoin is secured by fundamental physics.  PoS, DPoS, PoA and so on are generally secured by human desire.  I know which one I trust more.
@_date: 2019-08-15 10:42:21
9 years for me (or 7 if we're talking "serious" interest)... and I stopped caring about "dips" after it was obvious that even the MtGox event couldn't stop Bitcoin.  The fluctuations in the exchange rate to fiat is a passing curiosity, but by far one of the least interesting things to pay attention to in this space.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:26:37
I don't really care if it does.  It'd just be a side-note in history after hyperbitcoinisation anyway.
@_date: 2019-08-29 07:59:20
         █▀▀▄ █▀▀█ 　 █  █ █▀▀█ █  █ 　 █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █▀▀ █▀▀▄ 　 █▀▀█ 
         █  █ █  █ 　 █▄▄█ █  █ █  █ 　 █  █ █▀▀ █▀▀ █  █ 　 █▄▄█
         █▄▄▀ ▀▀▀▀ 　 ▄▄▄█ ▀▀▀▀  ▀▀▀ 　 ▀  ▀ ▀▀▀ ▀▀▀ ▀▀▀  　 ▀  ▀
    
         █▀▀█ █    █▀▀▀█ █▀▀█ █ ▄▀ █▀▀█ █  █ █▀▀█ ▀█▀ █▄  █  ▀█ 
         █▀▀▄ █    █   █ █    █▀▄  █    █▀▀█ █▄▄█  █  █ █ █  █▀ 
         █▄▄█ █▄▄█ █▄▄▄█ █▄▄█ █  █ █▄▄█ █  █ █  █ ▄█▄ █  ▀█  ▄
    
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    |                       |    | Blockchains provide a historically    |
    | Do you need a         | No | consistent data store.  If you don't  |
    | shared, consistent    +---&gt;| need that, you don't need a           |
    | data store?           |    | blockchain.                           |
    |                       |    |                                       |
    \-----------+-----------/    | Consider: Email / Spreadsheets        |
             Yes|                \---------------------------------------/
                v
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    |                       |    | Your data comes from a single entity. |
    | Does more than one    | No | Blockchains are typically used when   |
    | entity need to        +---&gt;| data comes from multiple entities.    |
    | contribute data?      |    |                                       |
    |                       |    | Consider: Database                    |
    \-----------+-----------/    | Caveat: Auditing Use Case             |
                |                \--------+------------------------------/
             Yes|           Auditing      |
                |&lt;------------------------/
                v
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    |                       |    | Blockchains do not allow              |
    | Data records, once    | No | modifications of historical data.     |
    | written, are never    +---&gt;| They are strongly auditable.          |
    | updated or deleted?   |    |                                       |
    |                       |    | Consider: Database                    |
    \-----------+-----------/    \---------------------------------------/
             Yes|
                v
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    |                       |    | You should not write sensitive        |
    | Sensitive identifiers | No | information to a blockchain that      |
    | WILL NOT be written   +---&gt;| requires medium to long term          |
    | to the data store?    |    | confidentiality, such as PII,         |
    |                       |    | even if it is encrypted.              |
    \-----------+-----------/    |                                       |
                |                | Consider: Encrypted Database          |
             Yes|                \---------------------------------------/
                v
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    | Are the entities      |    | If there are no trust or control      |
    | which have write      |    | issues over who runs the data store,  |
    | access having a hard  | No | traditional database solutions should |
    | time deciding who     +---&gt;| suffice.                              |
    | should be in control  |    |                                       |
    | of the data store?    |    | Consider: Managed Database            |
    \-----------+-----------/    \---------------------------------------/
             Yes|
                v
    /-----------------------\    /---------------------------------------\
    |  Do you want a        |    | If you don't need to audit what       |
    |  tamperproof log of   | No | happened and when it happened, you    |
    |  all writes to the    +---&gt;| don't need a blockchain.              |
    |  data store?          |    |                                       |
    |                       |    | Consider: Database                    |
    \-----------+-----------/    \---------------------------------------/
             Yes|
                v
    /-----------------------\    ╔═╗ ╔╗╔══╗╔═══╗╔════╗  National Institute
    |                       |    ║║╚╗║║╚╣╠╝║╔═╗║║╔╗╔╗║  of Standards and
    | You MAY have a useful |    ║╔╗╚╝║ ║║ ║╚══╗╚╝║║╚╝  Technology.
    | blockchain use case.  |    ║║╚╗║║ ║║ ╚══╗║  ║║
    |                       |    ║║ ║║║╔╣╠╗║╚═╝║  ║║    U.S. Department of
    \-----------------------/    ╚╝ ╚═╝╚══╝╚═══╝  ╚╝    Commerce
@_date: 2019-10-01 08:13:52
I agree when it's worded that way; just not the strawman that the OP was trying to present with their wording "massive revolution against the central banks".
I believe that most people are fundamentally too lazy to do anything when not really pushed to it.  Switching to Bitcoin "*because everyone else has; and it stores my wealth better; and it's easier*" is a no-brainer for them.  Switching to Bitcoin "*because the central banks are evil thieves that are stealing my wealth*" is harder for them, even though it actually boils down to the same thing in the end.
@_date: 2019-08-21 03:59:04
I don't disagree that the real value fluctuates wildly.  I do disagree that this has any influence on Bitcoin being a "store of value".
The only reason that Bitcoin's real value fluctuates wildly is because its still very much in its infancy.  It's such a tiny percentage of the global supply of money that it's very easily influenced by movements in an out of it.  There is no reason for it to continue to be volatile in either of the long term cases I mentioned ("dead" = zero value with zero volatility; or "dominant" = high value with volatility only measured by the volatility of the actual global economic activity itself).
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:50:25
Just following up for you Sorry to say, but no, backporting to iOS9 is impossible with the UI framework that we're using.  It looks like our backend libraries would technically all work okay, but we'd have to rewrite the *entire* frontend, not just reduce it.  So that's off the cards unless we get significantly more support.
That said, it is my goal that we open source as much of it as possible after release (from the start would've been nicer; but corporates will be corporates...), so if we do, there'd be nothing stopping someone else taking our backend and wrapping whatever frontends they want around it.
@_date: 2018-06-19 14:47:11


Which is a boring argument we’ve heard a million times. Scaling solutions are being actively worked on. Bitcoin can (and does) evolve just like any other software project. By the time this concern could be a serious issue, it’ll already be solved by the people working on exactly that right now. 
@_date: 2019-08-04 06:04:51
Your question either makes no sense or is horribly rude and invasive, depending on how I parse it.
So, my answer is either: "I can't answer that", or "I don't want to answer that", depending on which.
@_date: 2019-08-19 05:02:08


From a technical standpoint: You really don't need to.  The concept of blacklisting bitcoin that has been used in illegal activity and so on has been around for a long time, but it's impractical to actually implement and everyone knows it.  Blockchain analysis is quite intensive and so checking coins history is something that is really only practical a certain number of transactions back.  If someone checks for example 5 transactions in the history for "blacklisted" addresses, you can just transfer it around to different addresses that you yourself control 6 times before sending it to them.  The best thing is, you don't actually *need* to do so in reality because simply that you *can* do so is enough for the majority of company's to realise it's an exercise in futility.
From a moral/ethical standpoint: Even if the bitcoin came directly from the proceeds of illegal activity, you got it by selling a car.  This is no different than getting a $10 note in change from the corner store and it having been spent at that store by a criminal who stole it from an old lady's purse.  You can be angry at the thief, but you don't really have any guilt or bad feelings about that specific $10 note itself.
@_date: 2019-08-22 16:56:35


Coinbase is the name of a company who make quite a few different apps as well as an exchange website. I'd imagine the app you've got would be using their exchange.  I generally advise against apps from exchanges because they have a conflict of interest with the free and open system, preferring instead to keep you inside their "walled garden" digitally.


That's harder because of regulations.  I don't know of any easy way to trade your local currency for bitcoin that is "without country restrictions", but if you give me an idea of what country you're in, I can probably try to find a good suggestion for you.
@_date: 2019-08-21 13:25:18
I've been spending quite a lot of time talking to lawyers about exactly this recently.
There are still several things that are unclear and hopefully will be clarified better as the new regulations are rewritten and modified in the coming months.
1. What exactly is a "cryptocurrency" and what isn't.  Currently, BaFin use the EBA definition, which can be argued is the most meaningless definition ever written, since every part of the definition offers exclusions to itself; e.g. "...can be electronically or non-electronically transmitted..." (ummm... yeah?).  Without this, the regulations are dead in the water.
2. What impact - if any - this has on non-custodial activities.  For example, if I write a non-custodial wallet and release it, what are my responsibilities and risks?  What about merchants who accept Bitcoin?  What about customers paying for things in Bitcoin?  What about running my own node?  Does it make a difference if my node accepts connections from SPV clients? etc.  Right now, it seems that essentially all non-custodial activities do **not** fall under these regulations (and therefore it's actually really not that harsh at all); but it is important to see how that plays out in the final version that will come in to effect.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:26:09
!lntip 1234
@_date: 2019-08-18 09:57:34


I’m guessing we’re probably using a framework somewhere that makes that impossible, but I’ll take a look when I get a chance and let you know.
@_date: 2019-08-08 07:59:41


If they'd focus on Bitcoin instead of pushing their own token, I'd take them more seriously.
Any company who has their own token without a strong reason (other than "it makes them more money") is immediately suspect in my eyes.
@_date: 2019-08-15 09:42:41
~~200k is a little under 0.1%, not 1%.~~
~~I do think your point still stands, I just wanted to ensure accuracy.~~
I got this completely and utterly wrong.  Please ignore this moment of idiocy from me.  I blame getting old.
@_date: 2019-08-15 17:57:36
I'm over 40 and understand Bitcoin very well without having to shy away from terms like "decentralisation" and "consensus algorithms".
I also disagree that the younger generation are inherently better at understanding the underlying tech.  In fact, I think us older folks have an advantage that back in our day, you actually had to understand a lot about how a computer worked just in order to use the damned thing.  These days, you can interact with a computer trivially without even being aware of concepts like memory addresses.
There are highly technical young people, and there are less technical young people.  There are highly technical old people and less technical old people.  This isn't a generational thing, it's an interest thing.
And I strongly disagree that it's "okay to let your eyes glaze over" when someone is telling you about something that might be useful.  When it comes to one of the examples given: proof-of-work vs proof-of-stake, you either understand it, trust someone that understands it, or fall victim to the next shiny proof-of-stake shitcoin that "solves Bitcoin's energy use problem".
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:09:48


Intentionally or not, that's a strawman.  I didn't say Bitcoin can exist without a payment network, just that it itself is not one.  No currency can live without a method for transacting it.


The second layer is built on the base transaction layer of course.  But you're essentially shifting the conversation here.  I was pointing out that your criticisms of the base layer as being fundamental aspects of Bitcoin's transactability are false since second layers can provide capabilities such as massively scalable, instant, reliable transactions even when the base layer does not.


I beg to differ.  IPFS is very generic and can be broadly applied to many use cases.  It provides a generalised structure for data storage and distribution in a decentralised fashion.  You can apply it to anything from distributed cloud storage providers, to marketplaces (OpenBazaar is based on IPFS for example), to chat systems.


Pluto hasn't changed, our terminology has.  That's a ridiculous argument.


Agreed and we may indeed find fatal flaws in the way that existing things work in Bitcoin as well.  If we do, we fix them.  That's how technology progresses.  You don't throw the baby out with the bathwater though.  We don't throw out IP when we come up with new ideas for the internet, we build on top of it.  TCP and UDP being the main two "next layer up" protocols.


I'm always open to being wrong, and if someone can prove to me there's another blockchain use case that couldn't be done better without a blockchain or by putting it on top of Bitcoin, I'll accept it.  I'm not wasting any more of my time looking though when there are better things I can put my energy towards.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:44:14
Okay, then we agree... you did have kind of a roundabout way of saying it though!
@_date: 2019-08-02 06:57:16
1. Subreddit -&gt; 2. Avoid "cloud mining", they're 99% scams and 1% delusion (i.e. functionally a scam but the person running it doesn't realise)
3. The most deciding factor *by far* is your energy cost.  If you don't have energy for less than 6c US per kW/h, you're going to lose money.  If you don't have energy for less than 3c US per kW/h you're going to lose money next time global hash rate rushes upwards.
4. With an investment of less than $100k, you're almost certainly going to be far better off buying Bitcoin and holding it than you would be mining.
5. Alternative investments if you feel like you want your money to "do something" instead of just sitting there appreciating in value would be in companies that are actively building the ecosystem.
@_date: 2019-08-15 10:35:39
The way I read the comment from was, "*we are fortunate to buy units of the bitcoin currency, close to the inception of the Bitcoin network*" with the implication that this close to the inception of the network (a bit over 10 years ago), the exchange rate is still extremely low because the number of people that have any is still extraordinarily small.  When the majority of people in the world are interested in holding some of their wealth in Bitcoin, the strictly limited supply will mean that the value of each unit will be significantly higher than presently.
If that is what he meant, then I agree with him.  If he meant something else, then I'd need to hear what it is before agreeing or disagreeing.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:14:47


You're welcome!
I can't take all the credit though, I was always a fan of the Edsger Dijkstra quote: "*Computer science is as much about computers as astronomy is about telescopes*" and I kind of just piggybacked off that.
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:12:54
Asking questions is fine. Answering questions when you know the answer is also fine. Giving your opinion is fine when it’s not a clear cut question/answer scenario. Even pointing people at your website is totally okay when it answers a question or is otherwise relevant to a discussion. That’s all no problem at all. 
Just follow the rules laid out over on the sidebar there, and you’re welcome to stay and participate in the community.
@_date: 2019-08-08 03:25:50


I was sure I'd read something a year or so ago, and when I search from a few keywords in memory, I come up with [this]( however now on reading through it, I'm less sure.
Regardless, is right that because it's double-hash, not single, this kind of collision attack isn't going to be effective anyway.
So, I've made a slight edit to my statement above.
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:29:15


Why?  I think it's an honest and valuable question to ask "is there any point in building things on blockchains that aren't bitcoin?"
While it might feel intuitive to think that there are other potential uses, I spent quite a few years looking for them and finally came to the conclusion that there simply aren't any.  Every use of a blockchain technology falls in to one of these two categories:
1. Money/value related
2. Not money/value related
(hopefully that should be logically obvious)
For the first category, I've never seen anything described that couldn't be done better either with Bitcoin directly or as a layer that interacts with Bitcoin as its base system.
For the second category, I've never seen anything described that explains how a blockchain can be effectively secured if its fundamental purpose isn't value related.
@_date: 2017-08-15 10:39:49
And if it bounces back at €3400 and never goes this low again, you'll feel like an idiot.
Just hodl.
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:26:51
That article (which appears to be a part 1 of 4, with the other 3 not yet written) discusses - after a long introduction and explanation of how proof-of-work is used in a blockchain - a single issue: centralisation of mining pools.
This is potentially an issue if not addressed, but:
1. As per my point 2, even a mining pool with a huge amount of power can't actually rewrite the chain history effectively.  They can only be a nuisance and disrupt the chain going forwards.
2. There's no financial incentive to attack the chain (it's far more valuable to mine honestly than attack), the incentive would need to be external such as government interference.
3. Most large pools have many miners in them that would switch away if they disagreed with what the pool was doing (so, the incentive - such as government interference - would need to be on all miners in the pool, not just the pool operator; since these miners are globally distributed, this isn't going to be easy).
4. There are active efforts (and now implementations) to create/improve protocols that remove power from the pools to make decisions that can negatively affect the network (such as what transactions will go in a block, what block number is actually being mined, and what "voting bits" are set in the case those get used again).  The best such example currently is [Stratum v2](  There are also others.
I'd therefore say that because of the first three points, it's nowhere near as much of an issue as he makes out, and because of the 4th point, the argument will soon be completely obsolete.
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:11:36
He's brilliant... at some things and terrible at others.  Just like pretty much every other smart person out there.
From what I've seen, Vitalik is well above average when it comes to things like language acquisition, software architecture, and the deeply mathematical aspects of cryptography.  However he's really pretty poor at things like understanding human motivation and the associated game theory aspects of bitcoin, which leads him to some pretty poor decisions.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:05:50
That depends entirely on how long the timeouts were set when you (your software) created the channels.
Note that if you've only ever *sent* and never *received*, your funds are always safe, since the worst that a channel partner can do is close with an old state instead of the current one.  In the case you've only ever sent, older states are actually in your favour, not theirs!
@_date: 2019-08-05 11:03:05
I agree that if what you're saying is true, it's completely crappy of them and you've got a right to be upset.  I was just pointing out that you're factually incorrect in the statement that "Kraken have your money".  It's more correct to say that "they allowed a trade to go through that you would have stopped had they allowed you to and now someone else has your money when they otherwise wouldn't have".
If I stole $200 from you, bought drugs with it, and got really really high; it'd be factually incorrect to say I have your money.  It'd be correct that I'm low-life scum for doing so, but I definitely wouldn't have your money anymore.
@_date: 2019-08-08 16:39:04
Think of it this way: Which is more likely?
1. He's lying.
2. He was a part of a group of people who set up a complex trust that for some reason he's unable to provide clear details about which has locked up his access to private keys in some way that he's unable to provide clear details about and no one else has those keys but they can be reconstructed simply by waiting long enough (without being done as an on-chain smart contract) and no one else corroborates any part of the story.
I can't prove  but without any significant or valid evidence of  I don't think it's worth entertaining as a possibility and will act as if  is true until evidence presents itself to the contrary.
Note that this is the way you should approach every "unknown".  No one knows for sure that there isn't a china teapot floating somewhere between Earth and Mars, but until someone can provide solid evidence that there is, there's no point in NASA preparing "teapot collision scenarios" on their Mars missions.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:31:55


In Markdown, it looks like this:
    |*Libra*|*Bitcoin*|
    |:-|:-|
    |A payment system.|A currency.|
    |Value of token is pegged to a basket of fiat currencies.  Will collapse if the fiat system collapses.|Value of coin is what people are willing to exchange for it.  Will increase in value if the fiat system collapses.|
But it's easier to just use the "fancy pants editor" (only available in the new reddit UI, which I know a lot of people resist), where you'll find tables under the "..." if the editor isn't wide enough to show all the formatting options.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:18:06


Just so you're aware, there's more than one in the world ...


... and none of them have jurisdiction globally to be able to pull this off.
@_date: 2019-10-15 17:00:51


Not in the slightest, no.


The difference that you seem to be missing is that with gold, that's a *requirement* due to its fundamental limitations, whereas with Bitcoin it's *optional*.  As soon as it became obvious what was happening, "paper Bitcoin" would lose value rapidly against real Bitcoin.  It wouldn't take long until it died like all other fiats, leaving real Bitcoin untouched.


Bitcoin scales fine.  You're probably confusing "Bitcoin" with "the Bitcoin blockchain".  The two are not synonymous.


On-chain fees are set by the person creating the transaction and can be anything they want it to be.  I only very rarely (less than 1/100 transactions) create transactions with fees over 1sat/byte.
Also, not all transactions need to be on-chain.  Off-chain transactions range from "nothing at all" to "extremely low" depending on what technologies are used.


Whether on-chain or off-chain, transactions tend to be near instant (a few seconds at the outside).  If you're talking about on-chain time to inclusion in a block, that's "settlement time" which is different from "transaction time".  Bitcoin's settlement time throughout this year has been "a few hours with the lowest possible fee" and is always "about 10 minutes with a high enough fee".  Most credit card companies have settlement times measured in days or even weeks, but that doesn't seem to stop people using them.
If the systems you're using present this as transaction time, that's **their** problem, not Bitcoin's.
@_date: 2018-06-22 09:57:47
I've seen the effects of bacterial infections caused by snorting things using notes.
It's pretty rare I put drugs up my nose, but for those occasions where I do choose to do so, I have a nice stainless steel snorting tube for that purpose.  Classier looking **and** safer.
@_date: 2019-10-15 12:22:22
Perhaps to clarify in case you get the wrong impression: Lightning channels don't just timeout on their own.  They can stay open indefinitely.  The timeout in question here is the time defined in the HTLC (hash time locked contract) that would be a part of a **unilateral** close that your channel partner does if he thinks you're unresponsive and wants to close the channel you opened together (either doing so honestly with the latest state, or dishonestly with an older state).
There is no timeout set when creating a channel (spend to 2 of 2 multisig) nor when closing it with mutual agreement (spend from 2 of 2 multisig).
An HTLC can be arbitrarily long in theory, but it actually depends on the technology used for the lightning channel (the Lightning Network is probably mostly Poon-Dryja channels at the moment, but it can have many kinds and you don't know about any other than your own).  Different kinds of timelocks exist and could be used in different kinds of channels.  CheckSequenceVerify timelocks for example are for up to 65535 blocks in the future (a bit over a year), whereas CheckLockTimeVerify could keep it locked for long enough that your great-great-grandchildren would be long-forgotten dust.
The advantage of a longer timelock is that you've got more time to get back online and punish a dishonest unilateral close from your channel partner.  The disadvantage of a longer timelock is waiting longer to regain access to your money if you do a unilateral close because of an unresponsive channel partner.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:03:08
Gold worked before electronic commerce was a thing.  It doesn't scale (small enough units OR large enough throughput) for the modern age though.  It would fall back on trusting that someone has the gold reserves to back the paper/token that they actually give you.  And that would quickly devolve - yet again - in to fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:42:06


"Internationally" and "globally" are not exactly the same thing.  Yes, the US government does influence many other governments around the world, but *not* all.


I'd be totally okay with that as an outcome.  It'd let me accumulate more Bitcoin, which would be extraordinarily valuable once fiat currencies fell apart and the governments' bans on Bitcoin were no longer practical to enforce.
It's worth pointing out that I do consider the collapse of the fiat system to be completely inevitable.  If I thought there were actually a chance for that not to happen, I would be more concerned about a government ban.
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:59:50


You wouldn't.  And no one expects you to.  You are mixing up the technical term "transaction" with the general meaning of the word "transaction".  It bugs me that they're different, but they are.  A Bitcoin Transaction (entry written in to the ledger) represents between zero and millions (or more) real world transactions.  A "transaction fee" applies to a Bitcoin transaction, not a real world transaction.  A transaction fee can therefore be the equivalent of hundreds or thousands of dollars without you ever needing to actually pay that to transact.


There is zero reason for any other "cryptocurrency" to survive.  They are incapable of doing what Bitcoin can do and offer nothing of value on top.  If you want instant, free-to-use transactions, stick with fiat.  If you want sound money, use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:35:29
I can prove the nonexistence of gods according to specific god claims, but can’t prove the nonexistence of anything people may choose to call a god since that’s an undefined set. 
I definitely can disprove the god claim of the Christian Bible according to my understanding of that text. Someone else may understand the text differently though, so without actually knowing what someone believes, I make no claims as to whether I can disprove it or not.
@_date: 2019-08-13 15:29:00
Let's see if I do:
The way I understood it, you were saying that you remember when there was a lot more discussion in about altcoins and how decentralisation and blockchain tech could solve lots of different problems.  There were a lot of ideas being thrown around and ideas were flowing freely between the different projects because of the open discussion that was happening.
The problem is that everyone then who was discussing those sorts of things has either realised their mistakes, left, or both.  "Blockchain" doesn't solve a lot of problems and while "decentralisation" is obviously a good solution to many problems, the question is "how?".  Where the answer to that question is not "Bitcoin" it doesn't belong in this subreddit.
I'm all for less fighting, but I'm happy to see all of those crappy badly thought out projects no longer being discussed here.  It's a waste of time and energy to explain for the hundredth or thousandth time why someone's "wonderful" decentralised system that just has one fundamental reliance on a single centralised source of truth is probably better implemented in a centralised SQL database than a blockchain.
There are plenty of other subreddits where those discussions still happen.  I don't see why should be filled with that nonsense.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:57:31


You seem polite...


I don't "invest in crypto", I use and support a monetary system that is better than the existing one.
Government bans are indeed a risk to investments in Bitcoin, since it'll drastically reduce the exchange rate between that government's currency and Bitcoin.  They're not much of a risk to the monetary system, since they don't influence the network behaviour at all.


Possibly, although it might be politically a bad choice for them.  It may reduce their power on the world stage if Bitcoin gains mass adoption or acceptance elsewhere.


No.  Unless you're a moderator of this subreddit, you have no power to stop me being able to comment here.  I see my comments as useful - as do many others from the replies and upvotes that I get - and so I will continue making them.


If you consider my viewpoint to be lunacy, then to you it's reasonable to view me as a lunatic.  However to quote  Jiddu Krishnamurti: "*It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.*"
@_date: 2019-10-21 10:33:42
Does it support segwit native addresses? 
RBF? 
CPFP? 
Transaction batching? 
Can a user blacklist UTXOs and/or do manual input selection? 
Are they actively working on building Lightning support? If so, what features do they have planned for liquidity/channel management?
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:36:21
No, Lightning doesn't require a fork and is functional right now (although still very alpha quality in general and considered " to use).  I personally use it for small transactions already.  I pay for probably 5 to 10 things per week with Lightning (other than two weeks ago at a conference dedicated to the technology, where I paid for about 30 things with Lightning in one weekend).
When you talk about Bitcoin "*as it is*", you're referring to the base layer, which has long been understood to be unsuitable as a payment technology.  Blockchains simply can't scale in that way, so you need to take things off-chain to do so properly.  That's why Lightning exists and is one of the most active areas of Bitcoin development today.
@_date: 2019-08-29 15:40:43
Bitcoin is "cold hard cash".  I can't think of any form of money that's harder.
@_date: 2019-10-15 16:49:53
I think the UI of Trustwallet is far too complex for newbies, and the fact that it's not pure Bitcoin is distracting as well.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:38:02
You might want to blur/cover the private key a bit more... I think it might still be readable (or at least readable enough to make strong guesses as to the unreadable parts, since QR codes contain error correction tech).
@_date: 2019-08-21 13:00:48


Yes, they can (although first they'd need a reasonable definition of "cryptocurrency"; which so far no lawmaker has seemed to produce anywhere in the world that I've seen).


No, not at all.
Various governments have declared many things illegal, yet those things still exist within the jurisdiction of those governments.
Bitcoin is simply an application of specific mathematics.  It's pretty problematic to "outlaw" a specific use case of mathematics, but it's true that governments aren't beyond that kind of idiocy.  Especially the US government, who historically have been quite thickheaded about those sorts of things.  I do think though that such a ban could (and would) be strongly argued against in the courts - including up to the high courts - on a number of grounds.  One such argument in the US at least would be that the exchange of value between individuals is a form of speech.  You can not constitutionally limit this, as it is tantamount to placing restrictions on the freedom of speech.
But more importantly, it's impractical to implement.  If you outlaw Bitcoin, you simply end up with Bitcoin being used by outlaws (and foreigners, since - despite what many in the US seem to think - the US government doesn't run the whole world).  Since Bitcoin is permissionless and unrestricted, the use case for it simply becomes stronger the more the government tries to take away individual freedoms and rights.
A government action like that wouldn't even come close to stopping Bitcoin.  If anything, it'd strengthen it.
@_date: 2019-08-21 04:12:20
A couple of decades ago, I was hanging out in a hot tub doing coke with a bunch of models... they were definitely trash, but I really wasn't complaining.
Maybe OP's model is one of them.  If so, good for him, but he shouldn't be taking investment advice from her either.
@_date: 2019-08-19 20:19:25
Making Bitcoin consume less power is exactly equivalent to making Bitcoin less secure.
That's how Bitcoin's security works: on average you need to spend as much energy as the entire network did to change any of its history from that point, all before the next block is mined.  So, if you want to change something that happened six hours ago, you need to spend - on average - as much energy as the entire world spent on mining over the last six hours, and do it within the next ten minutes.
Bitcoin doesn't waste energy - it uses it *perfectly* to provide security.  Furthermore, it's *always* the right use of the energy and is never wasted when it could better have been used elsewhere.  This is because if it really could have *better* been used elsewhere, it would; Bitcoin mining is opportunistic and naturally gravitates towards using the cheapest, least-wanted energy first (including for example overproduction from renewables that can't be ramped up/down so quickly/efficiently).
@_date: 2019-08-08 11:07:31
Your question is hard to give a straightforward answer because it's built on a fundamental misunderstanding... there is no such thing as an "account" in Bitcoin, nor such a thing as "funds that are being transferred".
However, if I assume you mean how your wallet probably presents it to you right now, then it is indeed the "funds that are being transferred".  What that actually is, is a transaction that is broadcast to the blockchain by the sender, and hasn't yet been written in a block.  The transaction already exists and isn't "being transferred", it's just not "final" yet since there are ways that it could be overridden or otherwise made invalid.  Once it's been written in a block, the chance of it disappearing become tiny.  Once a couple more blocks are built on top of that block, it's essentially impossible that the transaction will disappear.
CPFP takes the "UTXO" (unspent transaction output) of the incoming transaction and uses as the input to a new transaction (which you'll deliberately put a higher fee on).  If a miner wants to put the new transaction in a block to collect that juicy fee you've offered, he *has to* also put the previous transaction in, since otherwise the new one wouldn't be valid.
CPFP can be easily implemented in any wallet software and used on any transaction where at least one of the outputs is to you; it's just up to the developer to actually give you this option in the wallet.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:50:01


When it's highly relevant such as a book about Bitcoin, with co-authorship by a very well known figure in the Bitcoin space, yes, absolutely.
Take a look at the rules on the sidebar, I don't think you'll find anything against it.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:33:51


No I did not.
I joined an ongoing discussion about it that someone else started, just as you did.
The person who brought it up to begin with was in [this comment](
@_date: 2019-08-19 20:38:21
No, I think I perhaps didn't articulate that quite as clearly as I could have...
To re-do the last block, you need to spend as much energy as the world did for that block.  To re-do the block before that, you need to spend as much energy as the world did for that block.  To do both, you need as much energy as the world spent on both of those blocks.
You need to do it before the next block because otherwise you're a block behind and still need to catch up, however for honest miners, that "next block" doesn't have the requirements of the previous block like you do when you're trying to cheat and re-do blocks since it's building on a block that *already had* the work put in to it (i.e. the real block).
The energy expenditure doesn't actually "need" to be any particular amount.  It just needs to be high enough that it would be economically unfeasible to cheat it.  A single modern ASIC miner could re-mine the entire first couple of years of Bitcoin in next to no time at all, so as long as the technology efficiency keeps improving, it's important that the global hash rate doesn't drop too low, otherwise an attack becomes quite easy.  However there are already signs that we're past the biggest ramping up phase of efficiency improvements and it'll likely only be moderate from here on out, eventually stabilising.  At that point, there's very little economic incentive for additional hash rate to join the network, so it'll also likely flatten out as well, regardless of whether the economic activity in Bitcoin is growing, shrinking, or staying the same (they're essentially unrelated).
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:37:37


\[citation needed\]




Why? Just because it's "not a dictatorship", does that automatically make it the most free?  That would only stand to be true if every other government were *literally* a dictatorship.
For a lot of us looking in from the outside, the US doesn't look all that free to us.
@_date: 2019-08-13 04:41:13
Ideas are flourishing and the future is bright.
I am interested in every *good* idea that uses a blockchain.  As it happens, that is a total of one thing so far - Bitcoin.  Blockchains are horribly inefficient and clunky data storage mechanisms.  They make almost no sense except in very specific circumstances.  Bitcoin happens to be one of those specific circumstances.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:25:57
!lntip 123
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:11:59


Not in the slightest.
That (and I don't intend to be mean here) made no sense to me whatsoever.  Misplaced comma somewhere perhaps? But I can't parse at all what your overly long sentence is trying to say to me.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:46:28
@_date: 2019-10-30 11:43:37
It makes it more complex because there wasn’t just one communication channel to be managed. This person would need to be involved in (at least) the white paper, code comments, forum posts, and private email. They’d need to be constantly translating the written style of other members in to the one “Satoshi” style while dealing with complex topics and ideas that weren’t deeply discussed outside of niche fora at the time. 
It’s not impossible of course, it’s just not something I would consider likely without some actual evidence in favour of it.
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:02:18
While I completely agree that that’s a far more reasonable hypothesis, it doesn’t qualify as *proof* in any sense. 
A good hypothesis should usually be preferred to a bad one in the absence of evidence, but you still can’t say that that alone disproves it.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:55:01
Even percentages aren't realistic.  I could easily afford to "gamble" about 10% of my income (80% on my set expenses, 10% dedicated savings, 10% gamble-able).  For many people, that's a luxury they don't have at all.  I know I definitely didn't just a few years ago when my fixed expenses were approximately equal to my income.
To note, I don't gamble it.  I simply save as much as I can (in Bitcoin naturally).
@_date: 2019-08-30 20:16:18
While technically true, his opinion might be interesting to hear, just as are the opinions of many other core developers.
@_date: 2019-08-15 09:53:32
Yep. One satoshi is still well under $1 USD.
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:22:36
I recommend you learn about the Lightning Network (and other layer 2 concepts; but honestly LN is a good enough start). 
Decentralised method of near instant transfer of Bitcoin, secured by transactions on the base layer without requiring a separate base layer transaction for each transfer of value between participants. 
It’s still in its infancy and there’s a lot of improvements to come before it’s really ready for the common Joe, but development is coming along very nicely.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:52:08
Sorry, I meant my last reply to also reply to this bit...


I don't believe this is a choice that people often make.
* Before I used Bitcoin at all, if using it had been an option, I wouldn't have been able to.
* When I used both Bitcoin and fiat currency, I occasionally had a choice with a few online merchants, but definitely the minority.  Most were only PayPal, a few were only Bitcoin.
   * Where there was a choice, I wasn't choosing between "PayPal" and "Bitcoin", I was choosing between "PayPal with Euro" (pulled from my bank account), "PayPal with Australian Dollars" (charged to my Australian Credit Card) and "Some payment provider with Bitcoin".
   * The choice of the payment system was far more important to me than the choice of currency.
   * For example, if the Bitcoin payment provider was BitPay, I would avoid them.  They've turned totally evil now, but even at the start when they were only "somewhat" evil, they gave very poor exchange rates, effectively pocketing the difference themselves.  This made it cheaper for me to use PayPal.  However, if they used another solution, I would often choose Bitcoin (especially when buying things priced in USD) since it'd cost me far less than PayPal's fees and exchange rates.
* Now that I only use Bitcoin, I can't use PayPal even when it's offered to me as a choice.
So, it's not really "preference" but more "opportunity" that drives the selection.  Where I had a choice, I would select based not on the currency, but on the pros and cons of the payment provider.
@_date: 2016-12-25 01:46:40
Either you hold a lot more BTC than most people here, or you have a pretty tame idea of "fulfilled destiny".
Even if you hold 50 BTC right now, 500k - while damned nice to have - isn't going to put you on easy street in today's economy.
Of course, I'm one of these hodlers who expects that at some point in the future, the concept of 'selling' BTC for fiat will be antiquated.  I'll definitely do so at some point just to recoup my fiat investments in case something goes horribly wrong (then at least I can say I didn't lose out at all), but for the long run, the vast majority of my BTC will be kept and spent as BTC, not ever converted to fiat again.
@_date: 2019-10-31 00:32:22
The fact that they don't have the skills doesn't preclude them from being able to get the necessary skills.
If they truly are somehow unable to get the necessary skills, then yes, they have to trust where they get it from and the people telling them it's okay.  Thankfully, Bitcoin is a global network with tens of millions of active users.  Asking a large number of unaffiliated people minimises the risks involved in trust, despite not eliminating them completely.
That said, Bitcoin is a network that enables money.  Money - which I define as "the communication of value" - is an inherently social activity.  In any social interaction of *any* kind, there is a level of trust involved.  Bitcoin removes specific kinds of trust requirements, but not all and it never can.  It's even arguable as to whether that would be a goal worth pursuing, given that humans are inherently social animals and the very concept of Bitcoin is to provide a social activity.
@_date: 2019-10-31 04:59:41
And then when it crashes - as all fiat currencies eventually do - they’d switch to Bitcoin as well, just well behind the rest of the world.
@_date: 2019-10-15 08:29:17


No, you **choose to** in order for your time sensitive transaction to go in to a block.  You are not "forced to".
I agree it may be the correct choice for you at that point in time, but saying that you're forced is simply wrong and presents an incorrect understanding of the network behaviour.
A bank can "force you" to pay a fee for a service because they have custody of your money.  No one can force you to pay high fees on a Bitcoin transaction when you are in control of your own keys.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:33:29
It can... if every human being on the planet suddenly considers it worthless.
I'm not sure that's too likely to happen without the total collapse of civilisation though (where all money goes to zero and "cans of food", "bottles of fresh water", and "bullets" are the things you want to have).
@_date: 2016-12-30 16:55:08
There absolutely is something a hardware wallet can do - it can display the real destination address.  The hacker can only compromise what appears on the browser, and not what appears on the hardware wallet's inbuilt screen.
Note that hardware wallets that don't have inbuilt screens are therefore somewhat less secure than those that do (but still far more secure than no hardware wallet at all).  Some offer an alternative such as sending a confirmation to your phone.  For a malicious actor to then trick you, they'd need to compromise both your computer and phone at the same time, which is far less likely than only one device.
@_date: 2019-10-21 20:07:04
No, but BlueWallet comes close. It does it all except UTXO selection. It also doesn’t actually do Lightning directly: you either use their custodial service or point it at your own lnd node with their (open source) LNDHub wrapper on it which is a bit of a pain, but ultimately has some upsides as well.
@_date: 2019-10-29 08:03:09
As a 40 year old, let me first say "fuck you", followed by crying in the corner.
@_date: 2019-08-27 06:52:22
I've been noticing quite a lot of MTL/"Metal Pay" posts here on over the last weeks.  Even though this post is phrased negatively, I had to check the posters history to see if they might just be another shill trying to push this by making people think, "oh, that Eric guy is really keen on it, so maybe it is worth a look!".
I don't see any evidence of that, so I'm going to assume is legit and just pointing out that Eric Finman is apparently an idiot, but it's worth stating here clearly for anyone thinking otherwise: "Metal Pay" is a centralised payment processor system that claims to make it "easy" to use Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies alongside fiat payments, but really don't offer anything meaningful to the ecosystem - it's just a slick UI around a centralised database of customer data.  The fact that they have their own token is just the scam-icing on the useless-app-cake.
If you decide to buy their token, you *will* lose money.
If you decide to use their app, you *will* lose all benefits that Bitcoin provides you and are exposing yourself to loss through theft, incompetence, or government interference.  You gain precisely nothing other than an easier way to give these con-artists your money.
@_date: 2019-08-08 12:51:49
5000000 SEK (you mentioned in some comments) is 43.89 BTC, which is quite a lot of money.  You will have trouble finding individuals willing to do that in a single trade in any of the common platforms, but if you were willing to do it in a number of smaller trades, it's a perfectly "normal" amount (wouldn't even look like much of a blip on the daily volumes) for most of the exchanges.
Decentralised exchanges like bisq not only don't generally have people willing to do that, they also tend to have limits of around 0.5 to 1.0 BTC (57000 to 114000 SEK) which isn't going to meet your needs either, since doing between 44 and 88 separate trades just seems a bit ridiculous really.
For that level of money, you should probably look in to either asking around for people willing to make such a trade to contact you privately (and then arrange how you'll manage escrow and so on, which is absolutely something you should do if you're not conducting the trade face-to-face); or finding an appropriate OTC (over the counter) service.  I couldn't find anything myself in Sweden with a quick search, but you'd probably have more luck doing so in Swedish.
@_date: 2019-08-30 09:19:38


That is provably untrue.
Doing so, you hedge against volatility, but at the cost of explicitly *not* getting the "best price".  The point is, that no one knows the future, so spreading it out allows you to get it a mix of different rates.  It will absolutely *not* be the best possible rate though, which would be achieved by buying it all in one go at the lowest price within the defined time period.  Since you don't know what that "lowest price" though, spreading it out may make more sense from an investment perspective.
Also note however that this is only if you're planning on actually investing a specific amount and are planning to "cash out" at some point in the future.  If you're expecting BTC to be more valuable in the long term and don't have any need for the fiat between now and then, it makes more sense to buy immediately with all of the fiat that you don't want to hold, since there is absolutely no guarantee that "right now" isn't the cheapest it will ever be again.
@_date: 2019-10-15 08:03:58


No they won't, because mining rewards won't disappear because the rewards include transaction fees.  As long as there are transactions, miners get rewarded, even after the subsidy (new BTC generation) ends.
We will never see a need for altruistic miners.  Greed works fine.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:01:02
I already did, somewhere around 2 years back.
I don't really pay for massages all that often really, but I saw the "Bitcoin accepted here" sign, had some free time, and needed to de-stress a bit anyway, so figured I'd support them.  I don't recall exactly where it was; but probably one of Budapest, Bratislava, or Prague since I recall it was somewhere I don't know the language and those were common business trip destinations for me around that time.
@_date: 2019-08-14 07:34:19
As fees rise, the interest in better fee estimators will also rise.  People will conduct on-chain transactions only when it's economically viable for them to do so.  In some cases, that may be paying high fees, in others it may be choosing not to make an on-chain transaction at all (i.e. off-chain transaction or non-Bitcoin transaction), and in others still it may be finding a better way to estimate fees.
The effects of the increasing adoption of RBF and CPFP also shouldn't be underestimated.  Improved user interfaces for these will also have downwards pressure on fees.
Right now, fee estimation software sucks.  Manual fee estimation by someone who understands what they're looking at when looking at the mempool is usually *far* better.  Software - when written properly - can always outperform humans at these kinds of tasks.  Therefore it's essentially inevitable that at some point, someone will create much better fee estimation software than currently exists.
As it happens, that's something I'm currently involved in.
@_date: 2019-10-31 00:41:54
And I'm proposing that it isn't necessary for everyone to have those skills/knowledge, it's only necessary that they *could* have those skills/knowledge if they so choose.
@_date: 2019-10-10 11:32:35
Blah blah, insecure sidechain concept will solve a bunch of perceived problems that don’t actually exist.
@_date: 2019-10-29 08:10:56
Depending on your level of technical knowledge, I'd recommend different things.
If you're comfortable setting up a node and playing around with it, it's worth doing.  If you're not, then even trying is a good way to accidentally lose money at this point (the network won't just randomly lose you money, but screwing up interacting with it certainly will).
If you're not comfortable with that, but are technical enough to set it up and leave it all on defaults, doing so and then using Zap wallet on a mobile to interact with it is a nice experience (there are many other choices here as well and the landscape is changing fast... just recommending Zap as a general default for the moment).
If even that's something you're not okay with, Breez is a great choice for getting a feel for Lightning wallets in general without worrying about any of the node side of things, while still remaining non-custodial.
If the idea of even managing your own keys is too much, Wallet of Satoshi or BlueWallet's custodial Lightning wallets are both essentially idiot-proof; but other than the fact that you can send and receive transactions that are going through the Lightning network, you're not actually going to gain much "experience" by using them.
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:17:03
I hold zero fiat money of any kind. 25 minutes ago, I bought a coffee and a bread roll. Guess what currency I used?
@_date: 2019-08-19 05:04:40
How is that answer hilarious?  Sorry, I just don't get it at all.
Also, do you mean you ask someone and get that answer, or someone asks you and you give that answer?
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:18:22


That would imply actually having fiat lying around waiting for such an event.  Why on earth would I have any of my personal wealth stored in fiat?
Of course, I don't mind a dip right on payday; it means I get more BTC.  Since payday was just a couple of days ago though, this one is a tad late.
@_date: 2019-10-15 10:37:35
Understood, but someone proving that they run a node doesn't actually tell you that unfortunately.  I could spin up a hundred useless nodes right now if I wanted, but they wouldn't actually be doing anything useful (unlike the one node I have at home that is economically active and therefore useful to the network).
@_date: 2018-06-08 13:14:49
Short answer: no. But I do find BitWallet and GreenAddress to both be reasonably good in terms of features. They unfortunately both really need significant UX improvements. 
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:29:54


I fail to see where I was cavalier in the slightest.  At no point did I say that people who believe in a god are foolish for doing so, nor did I claim anything about being able to disprove the beliefs of anyone else.  I *very* carefully and *explicitly* stated what I am capable of proving/disproving and what I am not.  Even my comment that you replied to was me saying it'd be dishonest of me not to have so many qualifiers in my original statement.
You're the one who seems to be projecting something on me that I never said.
@_date: 2019-10-15 06:46:33


Then stop making wild and unfounded assumptions about it.  If you'd phrased all of this as a bunch of questions, it'd be fine, but instead you make a bunch of incorrect statements about Bitcoin and then imply that Bitcoin is unable to be viewed as a currency because of them.
I personally hold zero fiat.  I use Bitcoin as my only currency.  Sometimes I'll make payments where the merchant receives a currency other than Bitcoin, but if they would rather some middleman gets my Bitcoin and gives them fiat instead, that's their problem, not mine.
If you're concerned that Bitcoin's value will increase and having spent Bitcoin means you missed out on the opportunity for more value, then why aren't you similarly concerned about the fiat you hold that you *didn't* exchange for Bitcoin?  That non-zero balance you've had sitting in your bank account doing nothing for months or years on end could've been worth a whole lot more by now if you'd just exchanged it for Bitcoin instead of leaving it as is.
@_date: 2019-08-22 17:37:28


The same way you know any key is actually yours: you can use it!  Specifically for light wallets, they usually give you the master key in the form of a BIP39 mnemonic.  If you can import that somewhere else, then yes, it's definitely "yours" and not just being faked while the "real" private key is somewhere else.


Many of them, yes, but not all.  A lot use libraries like bitcoinj; a few mobile ones are forks of the open source breadwallet core (the main wallet for that is now called "BRD" and is terrible, but the core code is a reasonable thing to use in other projects).
Then there's Electrum of course, which is multiplatform, open source, and very well reviewed by a lot of people.


Depends on what you're wanting really... but honestly, almost anything that's listed on [bitcoin.org]( is established enough that I'd trust it (within the limitations of the platform; so "web wallets" much less so).


It doesn't have the ability to import from BIP39 mnemonics, but you can convert that to an HD master key and then import that.  Again though, I still wouldn't recommend it; having separate keys means that if later, the light wallet got compromised, you'd only lose funds that it still had and not all your funds.  I personally have around 6 entirely different HD wallets for different things for exactly this reason.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:50:24
I think some of them are implicitly thinking of technology like Lightning; and others are simply wrong.  There's a whole fork of Bitcoin (and believe it or not, yet another fork of it) based around the delusion that you can scale on-chain simply by increasing blocksize forever which has a relatively large number of supporters.
Essentially, some people just don't stop to think about the numbers involved.
@_date: 2019-08-19 15:03:35
You missed option 4, which is:
* Go on a massive trip around the world, visiting bitcoin mining operations and smash all of their equipment until the hash rate generated by your little device is now sufficient to actually turn a profit (and repeat this periodically)
Sure, it's a little extreme, but *technically* it is a way to make income with an obsolete device.
@_date: 2019-08-22 09:07:43
I live in Germany.  Not really much of a "Bitcoinland", but probably better than some places.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:19:19
I was focusing more on the "work" and you're focusing more on the "proof", but I think we're essentially saying the same thing, just at different abstraction layers.  
Putting it in terms of *proof*: I can trivially prove fundamental laws of physics and therefore can prove things that rely on them.  I can't really prove anything else.  So "proof" without "work" is not only weak, it's almost non-sensical (fun fact: there is no way to prove if any existing proof-of-stake blockchain has been compromised at some point in its history or not because the act of compromising it produces the same result as if history really were that way).
The fact that we use SHA256 is simply that it's a good way to prove we've spent the energy.  If we were to find a cute mathematical trick that breaks SHA256 at some point, it wouldn't "proof of work", only that implementation of it.
Proof of work doesn't even *need* to be "electricity credits", but rather "energy credits".  Other kinds of energy could also be used, as long as they generate an output that I can use to show (i.e. "prove") that the energy has been used.
@_date: 2019-10-31 05:24:25
Actually yes, I hold zero fiat currency and haven’t done so since 2016. So, yeah, I do spend my Bitcoin. 
That’s actually beside the point though. Even if no one spent it at all currently, that wouldn’t say anything about whether people will do so in the future. 
Unless you can actually give a cogent argument why it can’t fit the role of an everyday currency, I’m not going to bother with any further replies. At this point, you’re starting to look very similar to a troll.
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:04:44
I was in the room when Jihan said this on stage... It was hard to stifle my laugh of disbelief at his idiocy.
@_date: 2019-08-23 14:14:28


I disagree that these are issues with Bitcoin or that Bitcoin is competing with "systems which are much faster".  Bitcoin is a currency, not a payment network.  The US dollar doesn't have a "transaction speed" and neither does Bitcoin.
I find this problem comes from thinking that "Bitcoin" and "Bitcoin on-chain transactions" are synonymous.


Visa is a payment network, Bitcoin is a currency. I don't even get how this comparison makes sense.


It's why I spent many years looking as well.  I stopped looking when it didn't make sense anymore.
I find it interesting to experiment with different approaches on top of Bitcoin.  There's a lot of work to do there.  Second layer technologies and now the first emergence of third layer technologies is really exciting.  I'm looking forward to seeing what interesting things we can build there.


I can see that.  I don't see how blockchains do that at all though.  I think there are other decentralised systems that are most notably *not* blockchains that are much better suited to those tasks.  IPFS springs to mind for example.


While I agree, we also have to be practical about it at some point.  We no longer look for planets in between Venus and Mercury because we're *really* sure that if there were one, we'd know about it by now.  We could be wrong, but it's so vanishingly unlikely that it just doesn't make sense unless some new evidence comes along to make us change our minds.  That's the point I'm at with looking for other uses of blockchains.
@_date: 2019-08-16 16:57:16
Those calculations are horribly wrong though. If I want a million freshly made (not old) McDonalds Hamburgers, it’s going to cost much much more than a million times a single one because of the logistical nightmare of preparing and delivering them all fresh (it’d involve at least building some kind of giant hamburger production line factory). 
The same is true for mining hardware. Getting some is easier. Getting a LOT will cost a fortune by comparison if you want to do it in any kind of reasonable timeframe (and potentially an extra fortune more to do it in secret assuming you don’t want it to all be for nothing).
@_date: 2019-10-09 19:17:58
Bitcoin. 
Not speculation about Bitcoin’s exchange rate to fiat.
@_date: 2019-10-15 08:15:58
They probably made the mistake of actually holding/owning coins themselves to provide liquidity.  Do that with enough shitcoins and you can go broke easily.
Exchanges that hold little to no shitcoins themselves (i.e. only Bitcoin and/or fiat) are really only capable of going broke through massive mismanagement, such as paying more in staffing, infrastructure, and so on than they're making on fees/commissions.  If anyone is making that little on fees/commissions, they should be well aware they need to scale back their costs to meet their income or go broke.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:03:11


I don't see where I claimed I'd proven anything.  I simply asked you to come with some evidence to support your statement.


How very Amero-centric of you.
Firstly: There are many governments in the world, not just one.  The "US Patriot Act" doesn't mean anything at all to the vast majority of them.
Secondly: Even if the US were to bully all other countries in to following suit and it actually happened (which I think is ridiculously unlikely), the only outcome would be that it would now be illegal to use Bitcoin.


BTC would go underground and its utility would be effectively ***confirmed***.  The fact that it'd now be hard to obtain, clearly a tool the oppressive global regime doesn't like, and allows for unfettered value transactions between individuals without a middle-man simply shows how incredibly useful and valuable it is.


Great example.  When they did this, they completely failed at:
1. Taking all the gold (there were huge amounts in small private stockpiles all around the country).
2. Making privately held and traded gold worth any less.
3. Keeping the ban on private ownership for even half a century.  By the 50s it was a joke and by the 70s, it was repealed as an "oops, that didn't work" note of history.
Great precedent... if this is what you mean by "stopping" Bitcoin, then I welcome them doing so.
@_date: 2019-10-11 12:11:54
Since no one else has mentioned it yet, the world's first [Lightning Conference]( is happening in one week in Berlin.  A lot of clever people all coming together in one place usually results in good ideas getting discussed and then a few of them played around with afterwards.
I'm very much looking forward to being there.
@_date: 2019-08-30 04:29:07
They can't buy "all Bitcoin" (or even much at all) at the "current price".  The exchange rate that people call the "current price" is essentially just the last trade that went through on whatever system they're looking at, or some kind of aggregate of several.  As soon as you try to get any significant amount of BTC, it will end up being higher than the amount you're looking at.
For example, looking at Kraken right now, the "price" is $9464 USD/BTC.  However, looking the order books for USD/BTC on Kraken right now, I see that if I wanted to buy 500BTC, it'd cost me $4860000, which is an average of $9720 USD/BTC.  That order book right now doesn't go beyond 742BTC, so if I wanted more than that *immediately,* I'd have to buy on multiple exchanges at once.  Coinbase Pro for example has another 1370BTC available right now.
Even just buying up all the available BTC on the books for every major exchange wouldn't be more than a few thousands of BTC, maybe 10000 at the outside, for less than $200 million USD.  Doing so would push the exchange rate up to around $15k USD instantly just on its own, no even counting the panic buying that such an action would cause from everyone else, pushing it even higher.
It doesn't matter how large the government is.  Imagine the US government for example deciding it'll ask the Fed to give it (print) another $3 trillion which will immediately be thrown at buying Bitcoin ($3 trillion is just a but under the US M0 money supply right now and around 1/5 of the M2 money supply).  They wouldn't get more than around a couple of million BTC at the most (leaving somewhere around 15 million BTC still not in their hands), and will have pushed the exchange rate to $1.5 million/BTC.  In the process, they've inflated the M2 money supply by 20%, meaning the costs of general goods and services become 20% more expensive.
If they then wanted to double their BTC position again, it wouldn't just cost them twice as much... it'd be thousands of times more expensive in dollar terms.  Let's be *really* optimistic for them and say it's only 1000 times as much (this seems ridiculously cheap).  That'd be $3 quadrillion they'd have to print and throw at it.  They'd end up with 4 million BTC (still leaving around 11 million not in their hands) and will have pushed the exchange rate to somewhere in the billions of USD per BTC.  The M2 money supply of USD is now a couple of hundred times higher than it was before.  A hamburger at Burger King that used to cost $5.00 now costs $1000.00.  The average US citizen is completely broke and are selling off their assets to foreign investors as much as they can.  Crime has skyrocketed and the government is enforcing martial law to try to maintain order.  In a matter of months, the US economy begins to collapse completely.  The government can't acquire any more BTC using USD because the US dollar is internationally recognised as worthless.  They slowly sell off their BTC reserves in order to maintain order and end up far worse off than they started.
@_date: 2019-08-21 04:15:00
!lntip 10
You now have 10 sats in a custodial wallet.  You can ask the bot to withdraw it any time you like to a Lightning wallet under your own control.
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:48:15
"Could" is something I won't deny.  But positing "could" is meaningless since if you're going to accept there's the possibility of logically inconsistent things, you can literally posit anything.  It makes rational discourse impossible.
@_date: 2019-08-22 15:39:45
My point is that HODL is easier than BRD because it doesn't support confusing shitcoins or make the user wonder why he has to pay a fortune for each transaction.
It should be "easy", but it also should be "not so shit that they never look at it again".
@_date: 2018-06-30 03:06:11
Fortunately it's very easy to exchange for a better currency, so when it comes my way I just do that.  Sorry to disappoint.
@_date: 2019-10-30 12:33:54
I think he grossly underestimates the ability of Bitcoin to scale with L2 and beyond.  He talks about Bitcoin as if it's synonymous with the Bitcoin base layer and has even on a couple of occasions said that he can imagine Bitcoin as the international settlement and other "very high value transfer" currency, but that there could be other things pegged to it at more local levels.
I fundamentally disagree with this.  That puts Bitcoin on the same footing as gold once was, but with much better verifiability and much easier transfer.  It certainly wouldn't be bad if that's the place that Bitcoin could fill, but to me, it's very short-sighted.
I don't see any reason not to have Bitcoin as the unit of account and medium of exchange at all levels.  In this hypothetical future, the vast majority of people would never perform a base layer transaction in their lives - not even for L2 channel management, since that would all be abstracted away through other systems (Lightning channel factories are an early and clunky concept in that direction; it will improve drastically beyond that).  In this world, there is no need to have 'local currencies' pegged to Bitcoin since Bitcoin can be used directly.
Another reason I consider it shortsighted is how small the world is becoming compared to our ability to interact with it.  In my childhood, the idea of buying something and having it sent from another country was ridiculous.  The shop might order something for you from overseas, but you'd buy it from them.  It required specialised knowledge and systems that common people just didn't have access to.  Now, it's beyond trivial and barely a second thought is given to it.  I don't think the concept of "nations" has all that much longer to live (still beyond my expected lifespan though; maybe five hundred years at most, but potentially even less than two hundred).  Without nations, you're hardly going to have "national currencies".
Saif's ideas might come to be as a short-term blip during the early chaotic days of global Bitcoinisation, but just like the concept of altcoins (which is where I disagree with Andreas by the way), it's not a stable configuration that would last for any significant period of time.
@_date: 2019-08-17 19:36:48
Because there is no Lightning capable wallet software yet that also supports all of the on-chain features that I regularly use.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:54:51
Depends where you are the world if there's something cheaper/more local, but if you just google something like "[Bulk stickers custom]( you should find something easily enough.
The [first hit]( I found with that search for example will do 10000 round 1" stickers on a roll for $270.93; or if you're looking to go for less, they'll do 25 square 2" stickers (cut; not on a roll) for $12.10.
@_date: 2019-08-19 04:54:50
Trading is essentially gambling.  If you want to gamble with your valuable money, that's your choice but be aware that you could easily lose everything.
Personally, I don't try to "make money from Bitcoin".  Bitcoin *is* money, and I make it by working for it.  I hold as much of it as possible, but I prefer to call it "savings" rather than "investment" since I have no intention of ever exchanging it for fiat currency.
If you want to discuss trading and market related things, you'll probably get better responses over in (I'm not subbed there though, so other than glancing at it occasionally to make sure it is still the right place to direct questions like yours, I can't speak to the sub's quality or anything like that)
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:48:17
I think you missed my point. A “stablecoin” is called that because its value is (relatively) stable against a fiat currency. This is generally achieved by a centralised body creating and destroying coins as the exchange rate fluctuates. 
If there is no fiat backing it, it can’t be called a stablecoin. It would simply be a digital fiat currency. 
The USD essentially is this already, it just uses centralised servers (banks) to record the amounts instead of a blockchain. Since issuance is centralised already though, there’s no advantage to switch to decentralised transaction records (and a lot of disadvantages). 
Yes, I am aware that cash also still exists, so USD isn’t entirely digital. Cash is such a tiny percentage of the total though, it’s close enough.
@_date: 2019-10-30 17:16:20
I couldn’t agree more. As an exercise in honesty though, never ask something of others that you can’t ask of yourself. You should also find the things you like about Trump and dislike about your preferred politicians.
Personally, I am also definitely more left-leaning than right, but I generally find most major political parties quite abhorrent. I don’t live in the US, but if I did I honestly would not have voted in the last election or may have voted a third party if I found a tolerable one. I couldn’t with good conscience cast a vote for Clinton or Trump. I considered them both to be absolutely and completely unfit for the position. 
On the political compass, I fall very near the lower left corner and if required to identify with an ideology will generally go with “social anarchism”, since it’s broad enough to require that people actually ask me what I think about various things instead of assuming my opinion. 
Essentially, I am first and foremost a rationalist. If there is sufficient evidence for something, I will believe it. If there isn’t, I won’t (which I am also careful to point out isn’t the same as believing the opposite). 
It’s necessary to be practical sometimes of course because there simply isn’t time to realistically learn everything. Where I don’t know something, I will generally defer to the experience and knowledge of experts. Where there seems to be significant debate or arguments about something, I reserve judgment until I have enough evidence (my priority on gathering that evidence will accord to how urgent it seems that holding a position is required).
@_date: 2019-08-22 17:26:06
You might want to find a local meetup or similar to talk to people in person and get a better feel for things before going ahead.  You'll be much more comfortable understanding and using a wallet once you've seen a few in action with real people.
@_date: 2019-08-14 14:16:49
Definitely seconding this.  Room77 is great.  Not just for the fact that they're pro-Bitcoin, but really everything about the place.  Food, atmosphere, people.  Love it there.
@_date: 2019-08-02 13:05:01
1. If "most block explorers won't show it", it's not a real transaction ID. 
2. You provided a link to a shady website that no one else has ever heard of and asked about addresses without ever actually giving the addresses of interest.
3. It's very easy to generate vanity addresses with short strings, so basically anyone could create an address with "mtgox" in it (ignoring some things like there being no "o" in bech32 address strings).
From this, you're either a scammer or an idiot.  For now, I'm going to be nice and assume you're an idiot.
@_date: 2019-08-18 06:02:13
How would that help?
At best, it would show that my understanding of the text is different to people who do claim that that god exists.  And it's a lot of work to do the argument justice.
Essentially (and this is the ultra-short version): I consider the god that is presented to be logically inconsistent.  
1. It is all-powerful and all-loving, and yet allows evil to exist.
2. It is omnipresent and omnipotent, yet still "discovers" things after the fact in many stories.
3. It is outside of space and time and knows all things, but still creates beings that have free will.
@_date: 2019-08-13 16:21:01


I downvoted it because it's yet another boring post about the exchange rate between Bitcoin and fiat.
Whether you're talking about it "going up", "going down", or "going sideways"; whether you're a "bear", a "bull", a "daytrader" or a "long term investor"; whether you're "short" or "long"; what you need to know is that **this crap doesn't belong here**.
@_date: 2019-08-29 12:18:26


This is true.  I am claiming that you can not know that this will happen because you can not see the future.


No it doesn't.  "Technical Analysis" is no better than tasseography.  There are many people who claim that it works for them because they've been lucky.  You can use TA to predict any movement at all just by looking at different aspects.  One person might graph a descending triangle over a week, while another graphs an ascending triangle over 3 months.  One person might claim that the exchange rate just crossed a critical specific moving average, while another claims it also just crossed a different moving average in the other direction.  It is all complete bullshit and if it weren't, then people would be able to actually prove it rather than just making vague claims about it.
@_date: 2019-08-16 14:39:58
1. Agree with someone that they will give you bitcoin for work 
2. Work
3. Acquire bitcoin from person in step 1
Congratulations, you have now made money. 
In case you don’t get it: Bitcoin isn’t “a way to make money”, it is money. You might be able to turn it in to more money in various ways like speculation on currency exchange but that discussion belongs somewhere else (like not here.
@_date: 2016-12-25 08:48:05
The Trezor (or any other hardware wallet) is not just an external hard drive (with or without some kind of special security).
The important thing to realise about Bitcoin is that while people talk about "having them" stored somewhere, the reality is that you don't actually store bitcoins at all.  The coins - if they're said to be anywhere - are a part of the network (or if you want to use a buzzword, they're "in the cloud").  What you store is your private key, which is the thing that proves that you own specific coins.
It's easier to say that you're storing the coins, but that's not the reality.  This also helps explain why "storing your coins" on an online exchange is so much riskier than having a local device (whether it be your iPhone or a hardware wallet).  When you use an online exchange as your long term storage, you're basically saying that someone else has access to and is responsible for managing those private keys that prove ownership and allow use of your coins.
So what's the difference between using your phone/computer and using a hardware wallet?  They're both local to you of course and therefore totally under your control.  The key difference is that with your phone or a computer, anyone that can access your device could potentially steal your keys.  While it's unlikely, there is plenty of malware around designed to steal files, and I'm willing to bet people are looking in to creating (if not have already created) malware that is designed specifically to find and steal these keys.  With a hardware wallet, the keys are stored on the wallet itself and are never transferred to the computer.  Since the hardware wallet won't run random custom code, it's not going to get hit by malware directly.
The great thing is that - just as I said at first - you're storing keys, and not the coins themselves.  So even if your hardware wallet is damaged or destroyed, as long as you have a backup of the key (generally provided as a list of words you can write down and store somewhere secure like a safe or a safety deposit box), access to your coins will be recoverable.
@_date: 2019-10-31 09:47:36
I hope that was a joke...
Just in case: No, Bitcoin of course.
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:35:39
I strongly advise against BRD, they have been getting progressively worse over time and keep pushing their own useless token and other scams. 
My current favourite wallet is BlueWallet, but I don’t recommend using their custodial Lightning wallet function (and for a beginner, setting up your own node to point it at isn’t easy). 
So, BlueWallet as a standard wallet and if you get interested in what Lightning is capable of, Breez or Lightning Labs wallets are probably best right now. It’s a rapidly evolving space though so these recommendations are likely to be out of date in a couple of months at most.
@_date: 2019-08-22 18:58:55
It exists because someone decided to make it. What their motivation was isn’t any of my concern. 
The BRD team wrote the breadwallet base, but HODL isn’t just that with a different skin, they did real work on top.
@_date: 2019-08-02 13:38:10


This is very likely the case, because indeed I don't.  Since you never mentioned it's a zero fee transaction though, I couldn't possibly have known that.  From the way you worded your post, I actually assumed it was a high-fee transaction since you said "*why wouldn't they bother to pay 1 sat/byte? The mempool is empty.*"


Perhaps something like:










If you'd posted that, I'd have still been cautious, but at least you'd not sound like you were deliberately trying to hide something.
(if that is *not* your own personal block explorer, my next questions are how you found it and that transaction to begin with and how you know that it uses that open source project?  Also, if yours is the only one showing it, how did the zero fee transaction get there in the first place?  Did you create it?)
@_date: 2019-08-08 09:22:02
It's not inaccurate... definitely very incomplete, but not inaccurate.
For a more complete definition, you'd need to reference that it stores blocks, referenced to each other sequentially (and then also define "block" in another definition).
@_date: 2019-08-15 17:26:06
Good interview in general.
Again though he made the mistake of calling on-chain Bitcoin payments "Bitcoin" and Bitcoin payments via the Lightning Network "Lightning".  The problem with this is that if you don't know that this is how he's using those terms, it really distorts what you understand when he says it doesn't make sense to use Bitcoin for payments - even though he very soon after says you can use Lightning for payments.
Really a better way to describe it is that Bitcoin on-chain transactions aren't a particularly good payment method, but you certainly *can* use Bitcoin for payments and Lightning is a much better payment technology.
Personally I do use Bitcoin on-chain transactions for payments, mostly because Lightning isn't really all that widely available yet, but I don't actually disagree with him all that much on the suitability of it; just very much on how he phrases it.
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:01:09
I am... I get paid monthly near the end of the month (two days ago) and convert the majority of it to BTC, which I just did a couple of hours ago.
@_date: 2019-08-19 08:15:11
That would be a weird conversation indeed.  I also don't walk up to friends or strangers and ask if they'll sell me British Pounds.
I also don't understand why you, I, or anyone else should make an effort to "trade crypto".  I don't.  I get paid in Bitcoin, I spend Bitcoin, I save as much Bitcoin as I can by avoiding spending too much.  I don't "trade" anything because I don't see trading as being significantly different from gambling.
@_date: 2019-08-08 07:54:31
Google tells me that probably means you're Canadian, right? (I'd never heard of "red seal" so just searched... I could be wrong)
If you can't find a job with a company, do your qualifications allow you to be in business for yourself in any of these trades? (I'm aware some may require specific licensing that you might not have)
If so, then printing off a flyer offering your services and sticking it in letterboxes is probably a way to drum up some business.
@_date: 2019-08-08 09:14:27
No, there isn't.
It could get stuck for a very long time, but not forever.  *Eventually* one of the following will happen:
1. The mempool clears out on its own and your transaction gets processed
2. Nodes just give up on holding your transaction and drop it from their mempools until it's no longer in any
3. The recipient performs a "child pays for parent" (CPFP) transaction on it
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:32:32


That sounds... odd.
~~Can you explain or point to a technical document about how it's supposed to work?  Not just "you make a payment, and that generates new tokens"; that much is clear from the name.  What's not clear is how the "proof" part of that works and how the economics of it is supposed to function.~~
While I was writing this reply, you provided a link to your whitepaper, so now I see that it's an ERC20 token and the only "proof of processed payment" is a statement of activity from your centralised fiat to token gateway system.  In other words, you are entirely in control of token emission and users have nothing but your promise regarding the generation of new tokens.


I think you're mistaking "Bitcoin" for the "Bitcoin blockchain".  Bitcoin is a form of money.  You can make payments in Bitcoin in many different ways.
The Bitcoin blockchain is the immutable ledger underlying Bitcoin, and indeed isn't really all that great as a payment system since it's got relatively slow settlements, relatively high costs, and can't scale directly to be able to handle significant amounts of activity (this is a fundamental issue of blockchains and so *any* blockchain will have these properties no matter what various marketing departments may say).
However, writing to the Bitcoin blockchain isn't the only way to make Bitcoin payments.  You can also use second-layer networks such as the Lightning Network, ownership transference in custodial systems (although I'd advise against it personally), or even the good old "hand someone a piece of paper" method.
Bitcoin functions just fine as an electronic P2P cash system even if its blockchain doesn't.


That's a lot of words to tell me nothing.  Just as a heads-up, marketing-speak isn't all that appreciated around here.  ~~If you want to~~ explain *how* your token is somehow "more like electronic P2P cash", ~~I'm open to hearing it, but~~ simply saying it without providing evidence is not only useless, it's counterproductive since it turns people like me *away* from your system rather than towards it.
Also, now that I've skimmed your whitepaper, I have absolutely no interest in your shitcoin at all.  An ERC20 token with forced KYC is the antithesis of *every* core principle that Bitcoin was built around and does nothing to improve the lives of anyone other than the scammers who are pushing it.


"Crypto" is a poorly defined buzzword that has no sensible definition.  Attempts at definitions are either so broad they can't help but include airline miles and reward points systems or so narrow that 95% of things most people intend to cover with the term get excluded.
Nevertheless, I have not yet seen a single project that provides any inherent value over what Bitcoin already provides.  There are some interesting technologies developed in other projects, absolutely, but they're either something that Bitcoin can take for itself and improve on, or come with fundamental drawbacks that make the project incapable of being anything more than a nice sounding but fundamentally flawed idea.
The vast majority of "crypto" projects I've seen would be better off handled by a centralised database, since they tend to rely on centralised systems and sources of truth anyway.  There's zero point in having a decentralised token system if the only thing providing those tokens real value is a centralised system.  Your system is a perfect example, since you have both centralised KYC/AML as well as centralised token emission.  The fact that the tokens can then after the fact be traded around at the users discretion without your control is irrelevant if you've got the entire on-ramp/off-ramp as well as monetary supply completely locked down under your control.
I'm not surprised your whitepaper was written in 2016, that was the best year for shitcoin ICOs and "crypto" projects that fundamentally misunderstand what Bitcoin actually is.  Even the abstract at the start of your paper  completely mischaracterises Bitcoin as if it's some kind of app or payment system.
If I were you, I'd feel ashamed for my part in such a project.  Either you have completely misunderstood Bitcoin or - even worse - you have understood it and trying to misrepresent it in order push your rubbish on to unsuspecting people that don't yet know any better, potentially delaying them from actual financial freedom.  You're a net negative to the advancement of technology and society as a whole.
Your profile on your company's webpage says you "*believe in changing the world through technology*".  I find it hard to believe this, unless by "changing the world" you mean getting rich by scamming other people.  Real change is disruptive, not building yet another payment system around the existing infrastructure and then adding a shitcoin token on top that provides nothing other than a way for you to put more money in your pocket.
**Here's an open invitation to any of your employees: If you realise that I'm right and your employer is just a scam artist, drop me a message and I'll be happy to talk to you about a job where you can not only keep your self-respect, but even do something truly good for the world.**
@_date: 2019-08-21 05:53:41


I'd argue that it's these tools that lead to the ever-greater boom/bust cycles that typify fiat-currency based economies.  The removal of them does indeed introduce uncertainty compared to the *targeted* 2% inflation rate of the US dollar, but that target only holds until it catastrophically fails, after which you end up with hundreds, thousands, or higher percentages of inflation (commonly called hyperinflation) until the currency is simply declared useless and failed.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:49:41
Blockstream work on Bitcoin related projects and have several employees that are also contributors to the Bitcoin Core project but you do need to be careful with your wording, since they're not really by any definition of the phrase, "*developing bitcoin*".
Most companies in this space are making money on saleable projects around the Bitcoin ecosystem and aren't directly making money by enhancing Bitcoin itself.  That said, many of these saleable projects require enhancements to Bitcoin.  The "clever" part is that enhancements that only benefit them won't be taken up by the broader community, so they enhance the system in ways that benefit everyone while also benefitting their project.  That helps them make money and helps everyone by making Bitcoin better.
I can't really speak to Blockstream specifically, since I'm not really aware of most of their projects.  I don't spend that much time looking at them.  I did look at "Liquid" when they announced it and I'm really not a fan (I see it as a good short-term solution until the Lightning Network can handle extremely large volumes at which point it becomes useless) but that's fine; the existence of it doesn't hurt either and thy certainly don't need my permission (or anyone else's) to create it.
@_date: 2019-08-15 09:48:01
If you’re holding fiat that you don’t definitively need, the answer is always to exchange it for bitcoin, regardless of the current situation. The long term trend is up, the short term trend is unknowable. The outlook for fiat is universally bad. 
So, unless you’re a gambler or can accurately predict the future, dump that fiat now.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:36:22
Ummm... I totally agree with you and didn't say anything to the contrary.
I'd say that mining is *far* more efficient than internal combustion engines, but also isn't 100&amp; efficient, and therefore there is some wasted energy.  The vast majority however is indeed used.
I'm completely on your side here, not the guy you're arguing with.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:15:49
They're not even the same kind of thing.  Even trying to compare them is difficult, but on the few metrics I can think of where there is some ability to do so:
|A payment system.|A currency.|
|Value of token is pegged to a basket of fiat currencies.  Will collapse if the fiat system collapses.|Value of coin is what people are willing to exchange for it.  Will increase in value if the fiat system collapses.|
|Has no fixed supply and thus is infinitely inflatable, including suffering hyperinflation.|Has a fixed supply and can never hyperinflate.|
|Is under the control of a known group of companies with one prominent leading company.  These companies can be coerced in to actions against the users through force of law of bribery.|Has no centralised control of any kind.  There is no one who can be coerced in to taking actions that influence the users.|
|Transactions can be reversed or blocked.|Transactions are final and can not be blocked.|
|Historical accuracy of transactions is enforced by the authority of the controlling companies and can be altered by collusion of these companies.|Historical accuracy of transactions is enforced by the provable expenditure of energy and can not be altered without energy expenditure of an equal or greater amount than the energy expended on the network between the time of the transaction and the present moment.|
I see no reason that Bitcoin needs to "defeat" Libra any more than it needs to "defeat" Visa and Mastercard.  It can certainly make them irrelevant, but Bitcoin isn't in competition with payment networks, it's in competition with currencies.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:49:40
1. I don't care what Satoshi wanted.  He was brilliant, but he was also wrong about a lot of things as well.
2. Bitcoin maximalism is nothing like communism.  I suggest you understand very little about either.  Bitcoin maximalism is the understanding that the aspects of the system lend themselves to a long-term future of a single-system environment with many tools built around it rather than a multi-system environment.  Communism is the consideration that the means of production within a society are best when collectively owned and controlled rather than owned by a central authority.  It advocates the abolition of social class, money, and state control.
3. Communism hasn't ever really "failed" because it's never been tried on any scale larger than a few hundred people (the larger of the hippie communes from the 60s through to the early 80s).  The USSR and China both had communism as officially stated goals and implemented some aspects, but neither were ever truly communist and it seems that neither actually tried very hard to work towards that goal.  As a note, I don't believe that communism is actually practical because it's based on how people *should* behave rather than how people *do* behave.  I do consider some aspects of it to be practicable though and when taken without the rest of the baggage of communism to be potentially very good.
4. **Not** patenting Bitcoin and instead allowing it to be "owned by everyone" is actually closer to one of these central concepts of communism (that is: socialism).  I'm not saying it was a communist act or that Bitcoin is in any way way related to or compatible with communism, but the humour of this aspect of your statement wasn't lost on me and I felt it worth mentioning.
@_date: 2018-06-28 19:41:36
That is both completely true and completely irrelevant to my interest in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-16 15:51:23
*Owning* wealth and *controlling* wealth are very different things.
The reason the government has control over money right now has nothing to do with how much of it they have.  It has to do with their ability to create and destroy it at will, determine your ability to use it (e.g. blocking bank accounts) and so on.
No government has *control* over bitcoin, even if they were to own huge amounts of it.
@_date: 2019-08-08 08:40:13


Sorry to hear it.  Don't you have better options?


I hope at least you transfer to a wallet under your control so this is a one-time-only problem?


You should *always* use wallets that support RBF, CPFP, or both.  "Stuck transactions" aren't an issue when you can at any time choose to pay a bit more to push it along.  It also means you're not constantly having to overpay tx fees just for peace-of-mind, which often ends up with other people also overpaying in a completely unnecessary race upwards.
@_date: 2019-08-08 11:00:26


As this account is a well-known pseudonym, I'm not willing to dox myself on reddit, so no, I won't say.


No, no one is (which is kind of the point).
But I think you'll find there's a general consensus that it's about building a better kind of money free from the damaging influences inherent in the current economic systems.


I find that difficult to believe.  Feel free to look through my post history a bit if you want...


I've forwarded the discussion thread on to them.
Only one response so far, which was this emoji: ��
I think it was probably in response to the idea of a system that is fundamentally built around KYC/AML talking about financial access as a human right; but it could be any number of other things you've said.
@_date: 2019-08-08 03:40:27
It's important to realise that Bitcoin is not an internet protocol, it's a mathematical protocol.  That is, it works whether or not the internet exists.  The internet simply makes it much more convenient and so the current *standard implementation* of Bitcoin is as software that communicates via the internet.
When someone sends you 1 BTC, what their software is really doing "behind the scenes" is:
1. Using a private key to mathematically prove that they are allowed to access their incoming transactions (i.e. the BTC they're sending you)
2. Using a piece of information derived from your key (your address) to create a new mathematical description of how to access the bitcoin (which can only be proven by your private key in the same way they did for step 1)
Essentially, until you actually send it on further to another address, there's no way anyone other than you even knows that it was sent to you.  It's not "in your account" because there's no such thing as an "account" in Bitcoin.  Instead, it's simply a transaction that only you have the private key to be able to pick up and make use of to send elsewhere.
Bitcoin wallet software essentially abstracts all of this and presents you with nice things like a "balance" and "addresses", but these are actually fictional from the point of view of the underlying technology.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:00:44
Unless you have access to industrial scale funds and resources as well as cheap electricity (several megawatts at $0.04/KW or less), mining isn't something you want to get involved in.
It's not a stock.  You can buy it (exchange dollars or some other fiat currency for it), wait, and sell it (exchange it for dollars or some other fiat currency) for more than you spent on it, so in that way it "works" the same.  However, at that point, you're not in the right subreddit.  That's just speculating on the value of Bitcoin and belongs in this subreddit about as much as speculating on the price of a telescope would belong in I am close to certain that Bitcoin's purchasing power will become significantly higher than it was in 2017.  I expect it to reach 7 figures in USD terms before people just stop measuring it in USD terms and start valuing things in Bitcoin directly instead.  I don't make any claims to even guess when this will happen though.  Could be a couple of years, could be several decades.
In case you're wondering what *does* belong in this subreddit if speculation about value doesn't... As per the description of Bitcoin in the sidebar:


So, cryptography, peer-to-peer systems, economics, and political philosophy (especially as it relates to money) are all interesting and valid topics.
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:38:41
If 50% of the network agree to different rules, you end up with 50% of the network on an alt-coin.  It'd probably be a viable alt for a while since so many people seem to like the idea, but since a coin with a higher supply has a lower value per coin, the way that mining works would ensure that the only miners who would move over would be those that actually believed it had a better future than the original, as Bitcoin would be significantly more economically valuable to mine than this new alt.
This is equally true for 20%, 80% or any other percentage you care to name.  Bitcoin is not a democracy whereby the majority get to enforce their will on the minority.  It's a social anarchy, whereby you can run whatever rules you want and do whatever you want, but if your rules are rejected by the rest of the network, you're playing on your own.  Rules are agreed by consensus, but there's no "force" involved anywhere as with a democracy.
@_date: 2016-12-25 19:52:28
Of course.  Just to clarify, I'm not really upset about it or anything - just kind of wistful about "what could have been".
These days, I still do spend my BTC directly whereever possible, but every time I do, I then replenish it from fiat (usually by just a little more than I just spent).  If I'd held all of it over the years, I'd have even more, but I like spending exactly because that's how the system has grown to where it is today.
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:38:26


1. Historical precedent.
2. The inability for any system to grow forever (let alone exponentially) combined with the fact that the current economic system expects/requires growth.
3. The growing gap between the rich and the poor in almost all of the US and Europe (erosion of the middle class).
4. The increase in busy-work jobs (the equivalent of paying some people to dig holes and others to fill them in).
5. The ageing population in many economically significant western countries.
@_date: 2019-10-15 08:10:48
There is never a time that you are *required* to pay a high fee.  Fees are decided by the person/system creating the transaction, not the network.  The phrase "fees are high" is simply wrong and never makes sense.
I send almost every on-chain transaction as 1sat/byte.  Occasionally if I need to be absolutely sure that it gets in the next block, I'll take a look at the mempool state and make a decision based on that, but that's less than once a month (note: I average a bit over 3 on-chain transactions per day at the moment; so that's less than 1 in 100 transactions).
@_date: 2019-08-14 14:11:55
Well, to be fair, becoming an expert on a relatively simple data structure isn't difficult.
Becoming an expert on Bitcoin however... that's a whole different story.
When I see someone declare themselves a "blockchain expert", it makes me think of them the same way I'd think of someone who told me they're an "alphabet expert" since they know all the letters that we use in English and even several of the common ways that they get put in order!
@_date: 2019-10-30 10:26:05
Satoshi *could* have been a group or organisation, but there isn't actually any evidence to point to that other than the disbelief that some have that a single person could've created something like Bitcoin (which is really just an [argument from incredulity fallacy](
Originally, it was generally just accepted that he was just one guy.  He disappeared, and the "legend" of Satoshi started to grow.  There was a big discussion about it quite a long time ago (I don't really remember... maybe 5 or 6 years?) where some people raised the (at that point) "wild" idea that Satoshi might be a group or organisation.  Somehow, this gained traction despite there not being a single shred of good evidence pointing in that direction, and now it seems to be a relatively common belief.
I don't think any of us from the early days ever felt we were talking to a group of people.  You can of course go with the idea that there was one "spokesperson" who was in charge of external communication to keep things consistent, but that just compounds the level of complexity that would be required.  Back in those days, it was far from obvious for most of us that Bitcoin would grow to what it has.  Satoshi didn't really seem all that certain about it either.  He communicated - for all intents and purposes - exactly like a single, normal, brilliant, but still flawed human being.
I won't rule out the possibility of Satoshi being multiple people, but from my perspective there is no good evidence in favour of it, and plenty of circumstantial evidence against it.
@_date: 2019-08-22 14:57:04


Please don't recommend BRD.
[HODL]( is a fork of it that doesn't support shitcoins; allows custom fee selection; supports segwit native out of the box without scary warnings about it being experimental; and so on.
Basically, HODL is what BRD would've been if the devs hadn't followed down the shitcoin/ICO/monetisation of customers route.
Personally, I don't use HODL because I prefer more feature-rich wallets, but if you're going to recommend something simple and easy, there's zero reason to suggest BRD over HODL.


Important note to [u/T\_Six\_Dracula]( This is placing all of your trust in that company.  It is not recommended. Please don't think it's okay to do for any extended period of time, because history has shown it's never a case of "if" an exchange will have customer's money stolen from it, but rather "when".
@_date: 2019-08-22 16:44:47
They are the names of mobile wallets that you can install on your phone/tablet to store and use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-15 09:21:33
"Welcome aboard the Titanic.  It's unsinkable!"
@_date: 2019-10-01 07:31:55


I don't entirely disagree, but I think it's a case of "loud voices" rather than actually majority opinion.  You see this in many different fields of interest.


I don't think I've ever seen anyone claim this.  I do think the value of Bitcoin will rise in to the millions of USD (before USD becomes irrelevant and meaningless as a measure of value) and that there will be mass adoption, but I don't think there's be an "massive revolution against the central banks" - most people don't care nearly enough.
They'll adopt it at the point that it's the lowest friction form of money for them (i.e. the easiest to use with the fewest drawbacks).  From my perspective, this is really just a matter of time as fiat currencies become less and less attractive due to their significant problems, and Bitcoin becomes easier and easier through the advancement of its technology.


I don't believe either of those are flaws and I don't think it's forced ignorance that makes me say so.
Market manipulation: This is a problem (or a boon) for people speculating on Bitcoin's value. It doesn't influence Bitcoin's use case as a decentralised, borderless, censorship resistant, algorithmically determined supply currency.  It's therefore quite irrelevant to whether or not Bitcoin will succeed.
Transaction speeds: This is a common misconception based on an unfortunate word selection.  A Bitcoin "transaction" ("tx" from here on to disambiguate) is not the same thing as a human transaction.  There are a limited number of txs that can fit in a block and from this you can determine a maximum number of txs in a certain timeframe.  It is also not wise to consider a tx as truly set in stone until several blocks have built on top of it.  These two facts cause many people to claim there are slow transactions in Bitcoin.
However, a single tx can represent any number of transactions.  It may be one-to-one in some cases (this is the common traditional example from the early days of Bitcoin) but with batching, a single tx may contain tens of transactions; and with second layer technologies where the tx contains one or more smart contract instantiations, may represent many millions of transactions.  With second layer technologies, the tx confirmation has happened in the past compared to the transaction, and thus the transaction can be considered final immediately.
Therefore, it's true that Bitcoin is "slow" and "limited" in terms of txs, but not in terms of transactions.  End users should never need to care about the txs; those are a technical detail for people building the software (like me) that can be hidden away by good UX eventually.


Please do.  I think it's possible you think that people are being irrational zealots when it's really just your own failure to understand how the system behaves, as per the examples I've answered here.
@_date: 2019-10-31 15:44:46
I live in the Eurozone, so if I did use fiat, it’d be EUR rather than USD but yes, that’s right, I don’t hold any. 
Most people around me aren’t familiar with it either but there are enough.
To be clear so that you don’t get the wrong impression: I am always careful to phrase it that I don’t hold any fiat because technically, I do use it. About 25% of my expenses are paid in Bitcoin directly, including my rent and about 95% of my groceries.
However, there are things that I can’t find a supplier for that will take Bitcoin; a notable example being filling up my car. For those things, I use a credit card that I pay off with Bitcoin. That way, the merchant gets the fiat they want, and I don’t need to hold any myself. 
After learning all I could about money, I - like many others here - became convinced by the arguments in favour of sound money. For a while, I therefore practiced a “spend and replace” model so that my less valuable fiat would decrease while my Bitcoin holdings would either remain stable or increase. 
After a while though, I realised that the opportunity cost of holding fiat and not exchanging it for Bitcoin is identical to the opportunity cost of spending Bitcoin preferentially over fiat. This was logically inconsistent with my other behaviours, so I did the only logically consistent thing and simply dropped fiat altogether.
@_date: 2019-08-30 15:05:33
You're working on the assumption that he's going to want to exchange that BTC for fiat at some point in the future rather than just spend it directly on goods and services.
Fuck having a bank account at all when I can pay directly in BTC for anything I want/need (and if you think that won't be the case when 0.2BTC is worth over 20k, you're fooling yourself; I already pay somewhere between 50% and 75% of my daily expenses in BTC directly).
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:45:36
Currently: Probably both...
Future: There is no meaningful distinction between the statements.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:07:00
He isn't.  Not at all.  The chance is higher that YOU are Satoshi and suffered some kind of amnesia so can no longer remember.
Even playing the game pretending that he were, no it's not an existential risk to Bitcoin at all.  The exchange rate would dump for a bit as the speculators freak out, people like me would accumulate more BTC, development of interesting technologies would continue, and Bitcoin's position as global reserve currency might be delayed by a couple of years due to some negative public perception slowing the growth.
All in all, probably similar in scale as the effect of the MtGox event.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:38:12
They'll get jobs and earn bitcoin just like everyone else who currently inherits nothing from their parents.
I inherited nothing from my parents.  My kids however have 1 BTC each that I got them in 2013 and they'll also get the house that I own if they really want it (it's not a "family home" - we rent that - it's a small place I bought in another country half-way around the world that I might retire in one day).
@_date: 2019-08-14 14:36:10
Pretty sure the hundred trillion dollar note I've got sitting on the shelf beside me would disagree...
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:09:51
Greetings back. It was a fun first day. See you at the afterparty?
@_date: 2019-10-15 06:47:32


Yes, it already is.
The next steps are for more people to use it as such.
@_date: 2019-06-29 20:45:24
You think there aren’t people who don’t hold fiat anymore? How quaint...
@_date: 2019-08-20 09:00:43


I agree.


Possibly, possibly not.  Many people seem to like having a middle-man.  I have no idea why.  But I can imagine PayPal first adding support for Bitcoin and then transitioning over to be a Bitcoin payment provider, potentially with some other services around it as well.  Similar to what I see happening for banks and the current bitcoin exchanges (once "exchanging" Bitcoin to/from other currencies becomes less interesting/useful/valuable as a business model).


That's where I see you going wrong.  BTC isn't necessarily "better for making payments".  It's capable of being better, but whether it is or not depends on how you do it.  If PayPal support Bitcoin payments for example, then it's equally as good/bad using them for Bitcoin payments as it is for US Dollar payments.
I do think of course that PayPal and other basic payment providers can't survive in the simple "payments" game against decentralised payment solutions like the Lightning Network.  It remains to be seen if they can offer other services that keep them relevant in some way or if they will die completely.  I can imagine both scenarios.


I get what you mean, but I can't answer it because we're not really agreed.  Bitcoin doesn't compete against PayPal.  It competes against the US Dollar and other fiat currencies that PayPal uses but not against PayPal itself.  PayPal's competition in the space is the Lightning Network and the plethora of centralised systems (that I hope all die eventually) like BitPay, Coinbase Commerce and so on.
What I can say is that comparing simple on-chain Bitcoin transactions (where a single on-chain transaction is one-to-one with a real-world transaction) to PayPal, there'd never be a point where PayPal faces any risk.  On-chain payments can't scale to anywhere near that transaction volume.
@_date: 2019-08-25 14:50:27
Are metric prefixes really that difficult?
1000 mBTC = 1.000 BTC  
1 mBTC = 0.001 BTC
@_date: 2019-10-30 19:17:39
Scarcity has nothing to do with "how many there are", but simply how easily obtainable it is.
Example: If I measure water in litres, then my bathtub doesn't hold a lot of them.  If I measure it in molecules, it holds a very very large number of them.  But it's the same amount of water either way.  If I can just turn on the tap and get more water, then I'm not going to value it very highly.  But if that bathtub is the only water I have access to in order to live, it's precious.
Bitcoin is scarce because no one can just print more of it as is done with dollars and other fiat currencies.  It's even more scarce than gold, since the gold supply on Earth can at least - in theory - be created in fusion reactions or by bringing it to Earth from other objects in our solar system (e.g. mining asteroids).
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:20:03
Unless it reverses direction immediately after you exchanged your BTC for fiat, in which case you will get less.
I'm pretty sure that's called gambling.  If that's your thing, then hey, enjoy.  It's not mine.
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:30:52
Okay, I understand what you mean now. Sticking with that analogy: to me, Bitcoin is neither car nor wheel, it’s the roads. 
Feel free to write any language you like by the way, I’m a polyglot so there’s a good chance I’ll understand it.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:30:38


That took an unexpected turn...
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:34:22
Not often I get called kiddo... I'm a crotchety old greybeard.
Personally, I see Bitcoin as the solution for breaking the "ad infinitum" part of this.
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:12:40


It costs a miner nothing extra to include a transaction compared to not including it.  If he's mining a block, he'll fill it.  If he chooses not to mine Bitcoin (whether for another coin or nothing at all), he's taking his hash power off Bitcoin, meaning all other miners get more, encouraging them to stay.


That makes no sense.  Why would you think this?  You can't just make a statement like that with nothing to back it up and expect to be taken seriously.


I said nothing like that at all.


That's assuming a static USD value despite massively different supply and transaction numbers.  In other words, it's a senseless calculation and tells you nothing.  Miners will continue to be "minimally profitable" as an aggregate.  Any time a miner is no longer profitable, he leaves, making it more profitable for every miner that doesn't.  If it's very profitable, new miners join, making it less so.


One on-chain tx can potentially represent a large number of different channel management activities simultaneously.  Each one could pay a fee equivalent to thousands of USD but this cost would be shared among the tens or hundreds of users with their thousands to millions of transactions each, making each *real world* transaction extremely close to zero cost.
@_date: 2018-06-30 05:43:02
I don't deny that fiat currency is a currency... I just don't think it's a very good one compared to better alternatives like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-14 15:46:01


Again, I can't even answer that because of the terminology.  "Price" is just the amount of money that someone asks in exchange for something else that they have.  The "price of Bitcoin" isn't a meaningful thing since you can't buy Bitcoin.  You can buy some bitcoin, but not Bitcoin.
Regardless, if I may be so bold, I think the question you were actually asking is:


To which my answer is: Essentially yes, but the question contains a lot of circular terminology and is really hard to parse clearly.  If Alice knows that Bob values 1 BTC at $100k, then Alice also values 1 BTC at $100k since that's what she can get for it.
However, a better variant of the question that gets more to the heart of the matter is:


To which my answer is: Yes, as is the case with **literally everything in existence**.
If you think there is something that has value intrinsically, then I'll have to ask what your definition of "value" is.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:13:25


Just to note, it's only custodial if you choose for it to be.  You can also point it at your own node and "be your own custodian".  This removes the "ridiculously easy" part of it, but is worth mentioning since many people seem to be unaware of this and dismiss BlueWallet out of hand as being a custodial wallet and therefore not worth looking at.
I've actually been really pleasantly surprised by it recently.  It's not only a pretty good LN wallet, but also not bad as an on-chain wallet.  The only things it's missing that I really need out of a wallet are batching and CPFP, both of which are on the planned features list.  It's also got a couple of UI glitches that need work like not updating the transaction history without a forced refresh sometimes but those aren't as important and should be simple fixes.
@_date: 2019-10-21 08:28:40
Scam. Reported.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:10:19
You're thinking in terms of dollars.  That's the mistake.
You exchange your $500 for BTC, then never exchange it back to dollars.  One day - maybe ten to twenty years from now - you can spend some of that BTC directly on a brand new sports car.


When I have any fiat at all, I exchange it for Bitcoin.


By working and getting paid, same as most people.
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:19:53
I don't disagree that a specific value for Bitcoin exists and fluctuates with time... I just don't care about it anywhere near as much as I care about other aspects of it.  The "price" is simply unimportant to my use case for it.
@_date: 2019-08-15 09:56:30
Bitcoin is the network, satoshi is the unit.
@_date: 2019-08-08 09:18:10
Not sure which "OP" you think said it was possible... hopefully not me, because I definitely didn't say that.
It's worth noting though that choosing to drop a transaction from the mempool is a choice that the nodes themselves make.  Not all of them will necessarily drop an unconfirmed transaction after a set amount of time, and not all of them will necessarily not accept being sent a 'new' transaction that's over two weeks old.  It's generally quite likely that it'll disappear from all nodes mempools after around two weeks, but you can't actually guarantee this.
Nevertheless, if *most* nodes have dropped it, your wallet software is unlikely to show it as still 'pending' or similar, so you could broadcast a new transaction which - when included in a block - would definitely invalidate the old one in the event that anyone was still holding it in their mempool.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:27:52
!lntip 123
@_date: 2019-08-15 14:19:16


They could... and I don't think it would really do much at all.


Primarily because they *can* be, not because they *have to* be.  Make it illegal, and the KYC/AML centralised exchanges disappear.  I won't miss them.  Better and more advanced decentralised exchanges and darknet exchanges will pop up in their place, offering far better services than the restricted legal ones ever could.
Right now, there is so much perception of Bitcoin in the western world as an investment and thing that gets traded on regulated systems that many forget what it really is and what makes it valuable in the first place.  It's a system and tool of financial freedom.


Only until they get fucked over by centralised systems.  If you live in a rich western nation, you've almost certainly never experienced it and see the majority of the people around you happily and mindlessly accepting "the way things are".  Go somewhere where people have seen how governments and other centralised systems have caused problems in the recent past and take a look at how open people are to decentralised, informal systems.
Marketplaces in the third world already deal with a multitude of "non-approved" currencies.  People in many Eastern European cities who need some electric work, plumbing, or other trades are far more likely to pay someone in cash who never pays a cent in taxes or licence fees than they are to get a "professional" (who isn't going to be qualitatively any better in most cases).  Common Greek citizens are far more likely to have a "stash" of tradable valuables somewhere than they are to have a large amount of money in a bank account.
You don't need tech literacy for any of these things.  You also don't need tech literacy to take advantage of Bitcoin because as long as something *does* work, the vast majority of people really don't need to know exactly *how*. (that's not an argument that people should stay ignorant; I'm strongly in favour of as many people as possible learning as much as they can; I just recognise that most won't and that's not actually a fundamental problem at all)
People only accept the system until they don't.  Once they don't, Bitcoin is there waiting for them.
@_date: 2019-08-02 14:13:51
Prime grade FUD.
There is nothing anywhere that even points towards the idea of the UK considering a "crypto ban" let alone "moving towards" doing so.  This sorry excuse for an article is the only thing even remotely hinting at it.
@_date: 2019-10-15 10:52:16
If you're going to give it away to someone "helping the network", then anyone who can prove they're doing so in any way should be fine.
I could probably prove to you a few different ways I'm doing positive things in the Bitcoin space (development; running a node; public talks; etc), but honestly, I don't need another VPN account; I'm fine with what I've got.  That's probably true of a lot of people.  VPN accounts - even with very good providers - aren't exactly expensive.
So, just give it to the first person who asks that you feel comfortable is able to show you they're doing something that makes it "worth it" in your view.
@_date: 2019-10-29 07:59:26


No, it wasn't.  If "ease of use" was the goal, then Satoshi would've probably got a job at PayPal and worked in their UX department.


That's exactly what it was built to do.  Otherwise:
1. Why is it built on a disinflationary supply system?
2. Why does the genesis block specifically call out the Times article about the bank bailout?
3. Why was it built to be borderless and censorship resistant through decentralisation?
None of these design decisions would make sense if it wasn't designed to directly compete with fiat currencies.
@_date: 2019-02-03 20:42:34
My suggestion: stop caring about the exchange rate to fiat, and *especially* stop caring what other people say about it. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:50:53
Not perfect, but okay... at least being the EU makes it slightly easier.
I can't promise anything, but I might have some work for you coming up in a few months if you're comfortable working on a distributed team.  It might be contract (one off for the project) or could be either part-time or full-time remote.  I don't know the technology selection yet, and I can't talk about the project(s), but I've set a reminder for myself to get in touch with you if something goes ahead.  If you don't hear from me, feel free to drop me a message around the end of August and ask.  Once I've got a better idea of the project and what work I can offer you, I'd want to do a Skype interview as well.
Alternatively, if you're willing to move to Germany (English speaking team), I can say it'd more definitely be a full time position that I could offer rather than contract or part time.  Of course, don't make any plans until I can offer you something - like I said, no promises at this stage!
In the mean time, if you let me know what your general technology experience is and preferences are (front-end vs back-end; web frameworks if front-end; languages/environments; etc etc) that could help me orient you to the right kind of work.  I remember what it was like getting a start in the professional development world, and now that I'm in senior management, I'm always on the lookout for junior devs that need (and deserve) a break.
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:08:01
Sadly that's not as true as you'd expect or hope for the world.
I don't live there anymore, but in my homeland of New Zealand, the cost of living compared to wages is abysmal.  I know software developers in Wellington that make the same as software developers in Berlin, but pay 2 to 3 times as much for rent, groceries, and other major costs.
One could argue that Wellington is "nicer" than Berlin and so you're paying for "quality of life" but having spent a bit of time in both places, I'm not sure I could agree to that either.
Even within a country it can be quite significant.  Salaries in Munich can easily be 1.5x that of Berlin for the same work, but cost of living is well over 2x, making it much less attractive financially.
@_date: 2019-08-02 18:11:30


Great!  I'm glad to hear it.


Be prepared for a lot of negative as well.  I've even had places where the answer was along the lines of, "*hell no, we're not drug addicts and we don't want you here either*".  Clearly they heard once that Bitcoin is "internet drug money" and never heard anything else to the contrary.  But for every strong negative response, there's more than one positive.
The most common answer tends to be along the lines of, "*we don't accept it sorry, but we're open to the idea*" which is when I find out if they've got time to learn a bit more about it and let me help them set it up.  In most cases, that then turns it to "*no, maybe another time*", but it sometimes turns in to a yes and if I think that they were really serious about "another time", I'll pop in a week or so later (if it's not too inconvenient) and see if they're interested then.
For the smaller places, this can feel kind of like a sales pitch, so I make sure to let them know that for just helping them set up a wallet, I won't charge them anything (like I said though, for larger places I do charge for helping set up anything more complex).  This comes as a pleasant surprise and really gives a bit more of a positive friendly feeling to the whole interaction.
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:35:29


With BTC, there is no such thing as a "charge".  That is, no one can take my BTC without my permission.  I choose to send it to someone or not.
If I send bitcoin to someone, I take responsibility for that.  If I'm doing it in advance of them supplying me what I'm getting for it, then I am taking a risk.  If they send the goods first on my promise to pay, then they're taking a risk.  This is a situation that needs a solution, but assuming that "chargebacks" or similar as provided by a middleman are the only possible solution is naïve at best.
In general, I think escrow is good for larger or riskier purchases, and for smaller/simpler ones, simple market forces of word of mouth ("this shop is a scammer, don't send them your money") tend to be sufficient.
@_date: 2019-08-21 14:27:49
I try to have savings of course; but money is money and needs &amp; wants are needs &amp; wants.
Essentially whether you hold BTC or fiat, you're making the same choice every time you buy something.  You *could* have used that fiat you spent on food to get more BTC instead.  Why didn't you?  Probably because you wanted/needed to eat.  You also *could* have used that fiat you spent on going to the movies with a cute romantic interest on BTC instead.  Why didn't you?  Probably because you value the interaction with the romantic interest (and where it might lead) more than even the potentially much higher future value of the BTC that you could've got with it.
It's the same spending BTC.  I could save more by leading a shittier life, but I value some things more, like taking my wife and kids to an amusement park; eating nice meals; and so on.  BTC has taught me to more carefully evaluate how I value things and so I don't drive as nice of a car as I probably could and don't throw as much away on convenience food as I used to.  But that doesn't mean I'm willing to stop leading a good, full life just to have greater future wealth.
@_date: 2019-06-04 09:24:13
Last I checked, large whales have no more ability to change the Bitcoin rules than any other individual.
What rules do you think they can influence that actually matter? (note that I explicitly exclude "*rule of law*" and "*exchange rate to fiat currencies*" as being things that actually matter)
@_date: 2019-10-30 09:12:48
Either "no one" or "Satoshi Nakamoto".  Thankfully, Satoshi isn't around anymore, making it *currently* no one.
This is a good thing, because extremely powerful influencers are a naturally centralising force on decision making.  Many people prefer to follow someone they agree with and stop thinking critically when that person says something they otherwise might disagree with if said by someone else.
There are some people that I consider very influential, very clever, and very aligned to my views.  People like Andreas Antonopoulos, Saifedean Ammous, many of the core devs, and so on.  However when I find myself agreeing with them too much, I often go out of my way to find things I strongly disagree with them on so that I can maintain a healthy level of criticality when they say something else that requires careful examination.
To note: I haven't yet found anyone that I agree 100% with; and I consider that to be very positive.  I even probably disagree with Satoshi about a couple of things based on some statements he made, but since he's not around to discuss them and elucidate/clarify his opinions further, I won't say that with certainty.  I will say however that I disagree with the interpretation I have of a couple of things that he said.
@_date: 2019-02-19 11:42:08
Personally, I claim - but offer no evidence - that I am ***not*** Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2019-10-15 10:40:33


They can, but they won't.  That's like leaving money lying on the ground.  They'd rather take it than not take it.  And just because one miner doesn't, it doesn't mean another is prevented from doing so.
You'd need all miners to collude to not take fees below a certain level for this to have any effect at all.  While that's somewhat imaginable in the mining pool scenario today with there being only a few large pools, it's neutered (like so many other attacks) by the stratum v2 protocol, as each individual miner within the pool gets to decide for themselves what their block template looks like.
@_date: 2019-10-27 09:22:58
It's both my savings account and my daily spending account.
I gave up on the idea of holding fiat about three years back when I realised that the opportunity cost of not converting fiat to Bitcoin is identical to the opportunity cost of spending Bitcoin without replacing it.  So, using a "spend and replace" strategy (as I was before that) isn't logically consistent.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:57:48
It depends on what you're trying to do.
For me, there is no "good amount", since all of my money is Bitcoin.  I don't use fiat currencies anymore.  So "more is better" no matter what the current number reads.
However, if you don't believe that Bitcoin has long term value and is simply a speculative asset that you're gambling on, it's purely a matter of risk tolerance, which itself would be based on your own financial situation and what the potential loss of it all might mean to you.
Personally, I don't gamble, so I can't advise any more specifically than that.
@_date: 2019-02-25 13:40:41


This depends on which legal jurisdiction you fall under.  Also, having "owned" them doesn't help much if someone else had control over them and "lost" them on your behalf.


\[citation needed\]
I myself lost 200BTC once due to mismanagement (I deliberately deleted the client, because after mining 4 50BTC blocks on my own, I decided it was just destroying my computer for worthless internet money).
While I may therefore agree with you that more BTC have been lost this way than through exchanges, if you consider the value of it at the time, I'd disagree.  When you add up all of the exchange hacks in terms of purchasing power of the BTC at the time, I would imagine that *far* more has been lost/taken from users storing their BTC on exchanges than through their own mistakes.
I don't have hard numbers on either (if you somehow do, I'd be interested to see them), so this is just my feeling/opinion, but it seems far more reasonable than yours at this stage.
@_date: 2019-06-23 09:26:54
Strange, it works fine as money for me.  Maybe you're using it wrong?
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:56:21
I do, and never said I don't.
And by cutting my sentence there, you're basically just being an ass.  The "but" wasn't a conditional about whether I fight bad regulation, it was about my reasoning for doing so.
So get off your high fucking horse and recognise when someone's on your side already.
@_date: 2019-06-04 09:52:04
I did already say that "exchange rate to fiat" (what you call "price") is something that I consider as being entirely unimportant.
Bitcoin is censorship resistant money, not a get-rich-quick scheme or investment opportunity.
I also think that restrictions on what you can do with fiat currencies like dollars, euro, pounds, and so on will actually only increase Bitcoin adoption as it increases the use cases of Bitcoin against these currencies.  Every time there's a new "you can't do this with dollars" regulation in place, it's one more argument added to why people might want to consider Bitcoin as an alternative.
@_date: 2019-10-27 12:59:21
I was pointing out that there are pure copper ones that do have some kind of nominal value (although really not much of course) and a lot of cheaper ones that have essentially zero value.  From the picture, you can't tell, since even the fake ones still say "1 troy oz 999 fine copper" on them.
@_date: 2019-08-22 16:52:26


That's a big and extremely unlikely "if".
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:43:37
Not yet unfortunately.  Your lnd on the backend can be Tor to the outside world, but from BlueWallet to lndhub, it's clearnet.
To be honest, I love the BlueWallet approach, but not the implementation.  If I were tasked with creating something similar, I'd take a lot of inspiration from their ideas, but probably none of their code or implementation specifics.
(nothing against the code quality; but I really can't even begin to deal with the idea of this kind of thing being written entirely in Javascript for example)
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:29:34
I’m interested in having censorship resistant money that can’t have its fundamental properties changed at will by a small minority. 
I’m interested in having money that I can use without requiring a middleman that has the ability to both spy on and alter/cancel transactions I have chosen to make. 
I’m interested in having money that can’t be taken from me without my explicit permission, be it directly or indirectly via supply side manipulation. 
What a bunch of rich people choose to do with their bitcoin is irrelevant to these properties of it and therefore irrelevant to my interest in it.
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:32:07
I'd probably give someone 3 BTC for cash to the equivalent value of 10 BTC or higher.
That'd be worthwhile enough for me to go through the hassles involved (e.g. converting it BTC again; hiding all aspects of the transaction since it was clearly associated with illegal activity; etc).
@_date: 2019-06-17 13:32:16
100% ... just as I have done for over a year now. 
Why hold fiat at all if you consider Bitcoin better? And if you don’t, why hold Bitcoin at all?
@_date: 2019-06-05 20:24:00
No, it's not a stupid thing to say.  Anyone who is a customer of BitPay has been scammed.  This has nothing to do with the current issue and everything to do with who they are as a company.
BitPay are actively hostile to Bitcoin and treat all of their customers (both payers and payees) like absolute shit.  They overcharge with insane fees, force users in to non-standard payment workflows (which disallow features that let people save money such as RBF and batching), make crappy excuses for their bad behaviour, and promote a dangerous and insecure shitcoin over Bitcoin.
BitPay are the antithesis of what a company in the Bitcoin space should be and deserve to be called out for their shitty behaviour and actions at every moment.  I stand by my statement that OP - along with everyone else that is actively using BitPay's services - has been scammed.
@_date: 2019-10-15 09:19:50
"Bitcoin!  Please stand.  We hereby find you guilty of the crime of being sound money.  You are sentenced to stop being used as a store or value or medium of exchange.  If you don't stop, we'll get very angry and yell a lot.  We might even resort to begging if things get bad enough for us."
@_date: 2019-02-08 12:00:19
When I was 12, there was no public internet (my first access was via someone else's university account that I had to dial directly in to; that was in the late 80s when I was already an older teen).
My 7 year old daughter however is quite comfortable getting BTC as pocket money and spending it on things she wants.
@_date: 2019-10-27 21:28:01
Okay, let's say (to keep the example easy) BTC are trading at $10k USD in January.  I have $10k in my bank account and also 1 BTC in my wallet, so I'm split 50/50 (at current trading value) between fiat and Bitcoin.
In February, the exchange rate rises to $20k USD.
In January, if I bought something for 0.1BTC, and *didn't* then replace that amount of BTC from fiat, in February the difference in value my 0.9BTC remaining and the value I got from it is 0.1BTC.  In terms of January BTC, that's 0.2BTC since the value in February is twice what it was; my 0.9BTC is worth what 1.8BTC was worth in January.  If I had spent the fiat instead OR exchanged the fiat value back in to BTC to maintain my 1.0BTC (and now be at $9k USD), I wouldn't have lost anything.  That's the opportunity cost of spending Bitcoin when you could have spent fiat.
The above paragraph describes the rationale behind "spend and replace".
HOWEVER: Notice that there's an extra $9k USD just sitting there doing nothing?  If I am willing to say that spending fiat is always preferable because it's worth less to me, then why hold it?  If I exchanged the whole $10k for BTC in January (and then spend the 0.1BTC on the thing I wanted), I'd have 1.9BTC.  In February, this would have a value equivalent to 3.8BTC in January.
As I wrote above: the opportunity cost of preferentially holding fiat over Bitcoin is identical to the opportunity cost of spending Bitcoin.
All that said, I'm aware that not everyone is able to live off Bitcoin only.  There are still many places and lifestyles where this may not be feasible at all.  I'm also aware that for people living paycheque to paycheque, the volatility in value between pay cycles can be too much to bear as it's going down.  So, I'm not saying everyone could or should try to live off Bitcoin right now, just that there's a logical inconsistency in "spend and replace" for holding any amount of fiat that you are *not* planning on spending during that pay cycle.
@_date: 2019-10-31 14:54:42
Put it this way:
1. Any savings you store in USD is savings you're not storing in Bitcoin.
2. Any savings you store in Bitcoin is savings you're not storing in USD.
Assign your beliefs about the future of USD and Bitcoin accordingly, and then split future savings accordingly between the two.  That's what I did (which is why I'm 100% Bitcoin and 0% fiat; your ratio may differ).
As a side note: congratulations on the upcoming wedding. I've been happily married for nearly 9 years now.  Just make sure that the person you're marrying is totally aware of and on board with financial decisions.  Nothing ruins a good marriage faster than mistrust related to money.
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:58:13
The set up was painful and I made a lot of mistakes along the way, but I got there in the end.  I even have it set up for three different users (my daughter, my wife, and myself).
I've been wanting to do it all again from scratch and actually document it this time around, since it seems that there's not a lot out there on how to do, but unfortunately I really don't have the time at the moment.
@_date: 2018-06-28 19:40:48


Because gold, silver, and other *physical* unique/limited items suffer from:
* being hard to transport
* being easy to fake
* having an unknown supply (especially once we start asteroid mining, which is really pretty soon)
@_date: 2019-06-18 12:53:03


The way you phrase this is odd to me.  Are you actually interested in Bitcoin and the positive effects it can have on the world, or are you only interested in it as a way to increase the amount of personal wealth you have?
If you are interested in Bitcoin as something beyond simply making money, why the alts?  Do you consider any of them to actually have potential value for the world?  And if so, could you explain it to me, since thus far I haven't yet understood why anyone would be interested in any of them beyond pure speculation.
@_date: 2019-06-23 10:20:11




Disagreed on both statements.  Not only is it viable to use it as currency with the current volatility, it's also the case that it will be significantly less volatile in the future, opening it up to more use cases.


How do you believe it'll be a digital reserve currency if you don't believe the volatility will become significantly lower?  And if you do think it will, then doesn't that destroy your argument for it not being useful as currency?


I disagree.  Money has three primary functions, those are two of them (the two that Bitcoin does very well right now; the third being "unit of account" which it doesn't do well at yet due to the very small number of users).


Why would "holding onto money" be all you need to do to get rich?  Did I argue that at all?  Or are you building a strawman?
Or do you think that fixed supply currencies automatically mean permanent deflation?  Because if so, you're assuming a world of permanent growth, which is a Keynesian fairy tale.
@_date: 2019-06-19 03:39:18
That'd be going a bit far.  It was definitely very human though and clearly written by one guy who cared more about getting an implementation of the idea out the door than writing well-written, maintainable code.
@_date: 2019-06-18 21:41:34
I'm about ready to give up discussing this.  I ask questions, and you say something totally different that doesn't answer my questions.  You may think you're giving helpful information, but all you're really doing is not answering.
Yes, a breaking bug would likely destroy the value of all my Bitcoin.  A breaking bug in Euro would destroy all my value in that currency were I to hold it as well.
I'm not denying that such a bug could exist; I'm simply comparing it to the (in my opinion) much greater risk of holding euro.


Agreed in theory, but that point is a long way away and may not even come during our lifetimes.  There are many improvements that can and should be made still.
@_date: 2019-02-24 17:47:49
BCH... Buchen im Odenwald.  Somewhere in the middle of nowhere between Frankfurt, Nuremberg, and Stuttgart.  At least it seems fitting to be somewhere that no one cares about!
I just had to check though: apparently there is no BTC.  If there were, I'd probably try to pull some tricks to get my car registered there just for the fun of it.
@_date: 2019-06-06 19:50:09
I pay my landlord here in Germany with bitcoin and it was indeed a private arrangement, so as an answer to the question you asked, it seemed fine to me.
@_date: 2019-10-15 09:16:11
I'm kind of confused why you want to gift it to someone running a node.  Anyone can run a node - it's just a matter of downloading the software and starting it - so even if they can prove it to you to your satisfaction, they may have just fired it up recently (syncing the chain takes a while generally, but even that can be cloned from another node quickly if you don't actually care about validating past transactions).
@_date: 2019-08-17 18:24:53
Currently I primarily use BitWallet.  Terrible UI, but a reasonable set of features.  For Lightning, I use BlueWallet (pointing at my own node at home, not their custodial one)
If BlueWallet adds batching support in the near future, I'll likely move to that for on-chain as well.
Medium to long term, I'll be using one that is currently in development (as a part of my day job), but I can't talk about that from a features perspective at all yet.
@_date: 2019-10-15 15:12:34
Shitcoins come and shitcoins go.
I've read a thousand fucking whitepapers at this point and every single one of them claims to solve perceived "problems" that Bitcoin "suffers from".  Their solution is always to throw out an important key property that makes Bitcoin valuable.  Want to massively scale easily?  Sure, no problem, just throw away decentralisation!  Want to use less energy?  Sure, no problem, just throw away security!  Want to fit to current financial regulations/laws?  Sure, no problem, just throw away immutability and censorship-resistance.
Show me a "cryptocurrency" that actually has real merits over Bitcoin without sacrificing the properties that make Bitcoin valuable in the first place and I'll jump on to it immediately.  I am confident when I say that such a thing has not existed yet, and I doubt that it ever will.
@_date: 2019-10-15 11:11:14






This is how BlueWallet handles it.  They get a lot of crap for being custodial by default, but they provide the ability (very easily) to connect it to your own node, and it saves a lot of headaches compared to having full lightning nodes (or even neutrino) on mobile wallets.
@_date: 2019-02-05 20:06:52
Once bitcoin's exchange rate to USD is anywhere near that figure, why would you want/need to "cash out" at all?  Your bitcoin will be usable directly pretty much anywhere with less friction or problems than USD anyway.
@_date: 2019-02-25 13:01:56
I get the potential advantage to you (even if you're not scamming; but I honestly do still think you are).
But - and here's the important part - even if you're completely honest, what's the advantage to the shopper?  What do *they* get out of this deal that is somehow better for them than just doing it directly?
@_date: 2019-02-25 12:51:13
Okay, fair enough.  I'm not really very familiar with YouTube vloggers in general.  I tend to stick to various science shows and a bit of light comedy.  For Bitcoin related things, I prefer reading than listening to people talk, since I'm more interested in getting a deep technical understanding than just the overview that I'm fine with on most other sciences.
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:35:38
Depends on the drug and where the supplier is in the chain.
A drug like cocaine only has high profits in the early supply line and really crappy further down.
Something like LSD on the other hand tends to be quite good - you pick up a hundred "sheets" (each one is 100 tabs, so 10000 tabs total) for between $0.10 and $0.25 a tab and sell them for between $2.00 and $10.00 depending on quantity.
@_date: 2019-10-15 15:25:10
You should be careful with phrases like "the safest way possible"...
The truly *safest* way possible for you would probably involve something like hiding away in a sealed sound-proof bunker with a pencil, paper, several sheets of metal, metal stamps, a hammer, a coin to flip (a lot), and a cigarette lighter to burn most of the paper afterwards.  At the end, you'd come out with a public address that you could send money to and a Shamir Secret Sharing encoded private key stamped on metal that you'd secure in several different locations around the world, requiring a majority of them to come together to reconstruct the key.  No computers involved anywhere.
That however is ridiculous and I'm assuming that's not actually what you're asking.
Depending on the amount of money, you could probably just go buy a hardware wallet like a Trezor, Coldcard, Ledger, or similar.  Or if it's just small change (i.e. the price of a hardware wallet makes you feel it's not worth it), a mobile phone software wallet like BlueWallet with the key backed up as a seed phrase on a bit of paper stored safely somewhere in your house and another copy at your parents' house is probably sufficient.
@_date: 2019-02-02 13:29:27


No one who understood it ever thought it was anonymous.  That's a myth.
It is however pseudonymous.  If you set up a bitcoin wallet and give me the address, then I send you bitcoin, there is absolutely *no* way that anyone other than me can know you own bitcoin.  The transaction is public knowledge, but the participants aren't known.
Now, let's say instead that I bought those bitcoin from an exchange that has KYC ("know your customer") policies in place and I had given them all of my information.  Then say that you spent them on goods and services that your government didn't like.  In this scenario, the government most certainly can ask the exchange who bought those coins from them (which will point to me) and then they can come knocking at my door to ask who I sent them to.  If I give you up, then yes, you're busted.  (alternatively, they catch the supplier of the illegal goods/services and get them to give up the customer list; but that's got nothing to do with tracing bitcoin at that point)
However that doesn't mean that bitcoin isn't anonymous.  It's only pseudonymous.  If you willingly associate yourself with an address in the process of acquiring or spending bitcoin, then you have willingly associated your real identity with that address.  Right now, it is easy to acquire bitcoin in scenarios where you've associated your identity through KYC and somewhat harder to acquire bitcoin in scenarios where you haven't.  That doesn't mean it's not possible though, and no matter how much governments try to enforce KYC to make it traceable, there'll always be ways around it.
Further, there are technical approaches being taken to make it harder to realistically trace bitcoin transactions by obfuscating them in larger transactions with many different inputs and outputs.  Several of those in a row, and it's almost impossible to tell who sent money where.  Beyond that, other technical approaches that alter some things at the protocol level are also under discussion, but are not yet implemented.


Every other cryptocurrency has trade-offs for its advantages.  Many so-called "privacy coins" often have insurmountable scalability issues either through cost or loss of privacy as the network scales.  Others have centralised points of failure that either make them private-but-easy-to-destroy or not-really-private-at-all.
And lastly, I don't consider bitcoin's privacy to be a defining feature of its value.  It's important and it'd be good to improve, but it could be completely traceable and would still be extremely valuable/interesting/useful (especially as a settlement layer behind an anonymous/pseudonymous second-layer network).
@_date: 2019-06-16 16:11:37
It's technically correct (as far as I could tell from a 2 minute glance) but is also wildly misleading.
The problem is that it doesn't tell you how important these various things are for privacy or whether they even make sense in certain contexts.  It is not necessarily the case that simply having more features checked makes you more private.
It also misses some important privacy capabilities.  For example, the ability to perform secure off-chain transactions is a strong privacy capability that is available to some blockchains but not others.  The technical implementation also differs based on the capability of the underlying chain, so it's also not simply a case of "can do off-chain" vs "can't do offchain".
And beyond all of that, simply comparing privacy is beyond useless if it's not also secure.  I could create "DaleCoin" tomorrow and implement a whole bunch of privacy features; but if it's a proof-of-authority chain where I hold the single signing key, it doesn't matter how private everyone's transactions are since I can reverse them at will.  A less extreme example is the security of the Bitcoin Cash chain compared to the Bitcoin chain.  Bcash has such a low global hash rate that a state actor could attack it if there were motivation to do so.
@_date: 2019-02-11 15:02:07
The vast majority of people drive less than 200 miles before taking a 2 hour break near a charging port.
Yes, there are plenty of people that do drive longer distances from time to time and don't want to take long breaks (myself included), but for the majority, it's absolutely a non-issue.  Even for my case, I'd just rent a gas-guzzler for those two or three trips per year that I actually do that.
@_date: 2019-02-27 11:02:54
If people were building new coal power plants specifically for bitcoin mining, he'd have a point.  However, no one does because it's not cost efficient to do so.
Bitcoin mining has the interesting property that its cost and value tend to reach an equilibrium.  You make money off it only in the fluctuations and chaos within the system.  If the cost of mining bitcoin is higher than the revenue you get from it, you stop (and those who continue - perhaps because of slightly cheaper costs - get a small boost from your exit).  If the cost of mining bitcoin is lower than the revenue you can get from it, you increase the amount of mining that you do.  Everyone's profits decrease.  This naturally leads to an equilibrium where it's "only just worth it" to mine.
What this means for energy used is that:
1. The cheapest energy sources are the best since your costs are lower than competitors using more expensive power.  Since renewables are (long-term) cheaper than non-renewables, pretty much by definition (even if you can get short term gains from "dirty" sources), this pushes miners towards renewable energy sources.
2. There is almost never incentive for creation of new power generation *purely* for mining since getting return on investment is unlikely.  You instead just use "excess" generation from existing generation sources.  Secondarily, this also helps to even-out the power usage since it doesn't have to be "wasted" through less than 100% efficient energy storage methods.
@_date: 2019-02-18 06:25:51


Unless those dollars become worthless...
I know you already said in another comment that you're a "*trader that has no emotional attachment to the product*", but I think you're missing the point that it's not about *emotional attachment* but rather the (obvious in many people's views) idea that debt-based fiat currencies are bound to catastrophically fail and we are very close to that point.
With that in mind, "profits" in these fiat currencies are a short-term gamble as to whether or not you can realise them back in to *real money* (e.g. Bitcoin) at a gain rather than a loss when measured in that real money.
In other words: it doesn't matter if you make $100k by selling your BTC if you only end up rebuying less BTC later as it rapidly approaches the point that $100k can't even get you a hamburger.
Or to perhaps turn around that other comment that you made and ask it back to you as a question: *I have no emotional attachment to the dollar or any other debt-based fiat currency, do you?*
(just to be clear: I am aware that there are traders who are doing so in order to increase their BTC position rather than their fiat position.  I have no problem with that concept; I just don't do it because I consider trading to be something very akin to gambling which I prefer to avoid in my life since I don't think I'm very good at it at.)
@_date: 2019-10-01 04:22:08
Honestly, the exchange rate of BTC to fiat affects me less than it affects people who speculate.  I get paid in Bitcoin, I spend Bitcoin, I save as much Bitcoin as possible.
When the exchange rate goes down between earning and spending, it's like I've earned a bit less, when it goes up, it's like I've earned a bit more.  The swings between paycheques are never that huge though and it's been more up than down over the years, so any way I slice it, I'm "up" with this behaviour regardless of having a few bad months.
@_date: 2019-02-09 09:08:45
Anyone who tries to do that will find themselves running a *very* poorly supported fork.  There's no strong incentive for anyone to even consider doing that.
Even the miners, who this is *supposedly* for would be losers in such a scenario, since the value is tied to the supply, so new issuance of coins that weren't originally factored in economically would only *reduce* the value of newly mined blocks ("best case" scenario is remaining stable, but even that's unlikely).
This isn't a real debate and I think there'd be somewhere between "very few" and "zero" people involved in fundamental Bitcoin protocol development that would support this.
@_date: 2019-06-05 19:26:03
I feel sorry for anyone who was scammed in to using their services and is therefore affected by this.
Hopefully now you can learn not to trust this company and not to use any of their services.
@_date: 2019-06-05 03:39:56
I don't disagree other than two things:
1. The scale: 100x in a day just doesn't happen anymore.
2. That volatility is here to stay: Volatility is an aspect of market size.  It has been getting measurably lower over time as the amount of bitcoin gets spread over more people.  Unless adoption abruptly stops or reverses (neither of which I see any good reason for happening), it'll eventually be as stable as - or potentially more than - many major fiat currencies.
@_date: 2019-06-05 09:33:33
It's randomly generated and you can generate new ones if you don't trust it.  You can even import passphrases you generated elsewhere if you *really* don't trust it.
Probably the main reason though is simply that it's better business sense for them not to.  They could steal a bunch of Bitcoin from customers; or they could stay in business and make much more money by producing and selling devices.
@_date: 2019-02-12 16:39:12
Short answer: No.
Longer answer: There has yet to be a good reason why in favour of this and the default position should always be "don't change".  If someone can come up with some **good** reasons for a block size change (in either direction), I'll weigh up the pros and cons and then put my voice for or against.  Without good reasons, I'm automatically against any change.
@_date: 2019-08-13 15:33:10
What do you mean when you say "NFC"?
"NFC" is a protocol (near field communication), you can't store something "as" a protocol.
Storing a private key on a device capable of NFC may have some risks, but a lot of it depends on the implementation both in hardware and software as to how secure it'll really be.  Just like the Ledger Nano X supports Bluetooth, I still don't worry about that being used to steal the key any more than I cared about USB being used to steal it on the Nano S.
I'm actually quite in favour of having Bitcoin payments over NFC, including having the private key directly on the device.
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:04:35
I don't actually agree with your Hot/Cold definitions exactly, although from a practical standpoint they're fine since they work for every real implementation that currently exists.
Just for accuracy though, I prefer these definitions:
* Hot: Transactions can be signed by private keys and broadcast with no human intervention (even if this isn't the intended use case)
* Cold: Transactions can not be signed by private keys and broadcast without human intervention
Example: If I modified the Trezor source code to automatically sign any transaction that it got given instead of requiring input, and then left it permanently connected to an internet connected computer, that'd be a hot wallet, even though the keys themselves are never exposed.
@_date: 2019-08-09 06:35:13
Note after the fact in case you're interested it hit 1sat/byte transactions around 5 hours after the above post and was "very close" to empty (around 100 KB in mempool) 3 hours after that (8 hours after the post, as estimated).
The &gt;15000 transactions that very unnecessarily paid over 50sat/byte during that time will nevertheless continue to influence fee estimators for the coming few weeks, in turn leading to further over-estimation in a rather nasty cycle until wallet developers finally create a fee estimator (in a wallet that people actually want to use) that isn't completely terrible.
Since I mentioned 12sat/byte levels in my first reply, it's worth noting that the longest time it took for those to clear during the last 2 days has been 5 hours.  During the last two weeks it's 17 hours.
@_date: 2019-06-02 08:10:58
There are some good answers here, but for a clear picture, you should combine the comments from and 1. The supply of new coins won't end until somewhere around 2140.  The exact date can't be predicted because it works on number of blocks (210000 blocks per "halving"), not an amount of time.  
Blocks are created at a speed that is aligned with the difficulty level, which is set according to the amount of hash power apparent in the network.  The difficulty adjustment aims for blocks to be produced every ten minutes.  This difficulty level adjusts periodically (every 2016 blocks).  People often use "2 weeks" for the difficulty adjustment and "4 years" for the halving since these are approximately right for 10 minute blocks.  However if blocks are happening every 9 minutes 50 seconds due to a constant increase in network hash rate, even these 10 seconds less per block can add up over time.
2. Despite this, the network will behave similarly to there being no new coins much sooner.  
This is because the "halving" quite literally cuts the number of new coins in half.  In the first 210000 blocks, 50% of all Bitcoin was brought in to existence.  In the second, 50% of what was left (i.e. 25% of the total).  We're about to hit the third event in less than a year, at which point there'll be 87.5% of the total already in existence.  Around 16 years after that (4 halvings = 840000 blocks), over 99% of all Bitcoin will already have been mined.  The new generation of Bitcoin will continue for a long time (as per  but it'll all be that last 1%.
3. Miners thankfully get rewarded for their work with more than just newly created Bitcoin.  They get transaction fees.  
Whenever you make a transaction with Bitcoin, you choose how much you'd like to use as a fee (technically, you're just including more in your "input" side of the equation than the "output" side, letting the miners take the difference).  This fee is totally up to you, but often your software will decide for you.  Only a certain number of transactions can fit in a block (depends on the size of the transaction (in bytes, not monetary value)) and miners will generally act in their own best interests by selecting the transactions that make them the most money.  This means that if you want your transaction to go through in a block in the near future, you may choose to pay a higher fee than the majority of other transactions that are waiting to get in a block.  If you don't mind waiting, you'll perhaps choose a somewhat lower fee.  
This leads to a kind of "fee market" where priority inclusion in a block has a price based on its economic value to the participants.  Since the amount that people are willing to value priority with isn't really affected by the halving (it is affected by other things that are affected by the halving, but it's quite indirect), you can expect that at each halving, the percentage of the income that miners derive from transaction fees will increase.  
Once the generation of new coins is negligible compared to the amount they earn from fees, the miners' behaviour will be essentially identical to the case that no new Bitcoin are being generated.  This will happen within the lifetime of most people reading this post, despite newly generated coins being created for over a hundred years to come.
@_date: 2019-02-08 15:07:23
No, my 7 year old daughter doesn’t shop in the dark net. She also doesn’t have an exchange account or credit card (again, she’s **seven years old**). 
She mostly uses it for buying sweets and magazines, but also bought me a custom printed mouse pad for Christmas which I really love. 
The fact that she *could* use fiat for these purchases is beside the point. She’s well aware that inflationary currencies are inherently flawed due to wealth dilution and that trusting someone you’ve never met to have control over your money (i.e. a bank) is stupid because they can easily have competing incentives that are not always in your best interest. (She’d word it differently/more simply, but definitely does understand and espouse both of these points). 
She uses bitcoin because - like her father - she believes it’s a fundamentally better form of money. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:00:16
@_date: 2019-06-03 09:19:31
Well, *someone* moved them... whether it was OP or not is an open question.
@_date: 2019-06-23 09:38:46






No, I'm getting a bit old for that.  But I could if I wanted to.


@_date: 2017-11-05 06:51:02


Blockstream definitely are working on sidechain technology and will likely make money doing so.  However:
1. Increasing the blocksize doesn't remove the need for these technologies, only delays it very slightly.  Blockstream don't gain a huge financial benefit by being against a blocksize increase.
2. The majority of people that are against a blocksize increase do not work for Blockstream.  Myself included.  There are many good technical reasons to oppose it at present.
3. If the majority of the community wanted a blocksize increase, there's no way Blockstream would be able to stop that.  Either it would get implemented in the core client due to overwhelming agreement amongst the non-Blockstream core devs, or if they tried to "hijack" the project and block it, the rest of the core devs would fork away, leaving Blockstream with a worthless project in a short period of time.
4. The developers working on core - both employees of Blockstream and not - tend towards conservative behaviour in making changes to the system.  Nothing gets implemented in the core client without a lot of discussion/debate and significant planning.  If and when a blocksize increase becomes truly necessary, the benefits vs risks will be discussed in the same way and the code will be thoroughly tested for a significant period of time before it is activated on the main net.
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:03:04
Ich wohne in Deutschland und spreche deutsch.  Bin kein Deutscher aber ich glaube, das macht nichts ;)
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:10:20
Why not pay them in BTC and then just replenish the BTC from fiat?
That way, you're only down fiat AND the advantages that talks about get to take place.
I spend BTC whereever possible and realistic to do so.  For private matters like babysitting, I always ask first if they'll take BTC (the girl who babysits our kids now does, and is very happy we introduced her to bitcoin).
@_date: 2019-10-18 04:10:28
I was at a mining conference last week (World Digital Mining Summit 2019, in Frankfurt, Germany). 
I’d say the vast majority expect a rise in BTC value, but that less efficient miners might get shaken out first. 
The one big exception is Jihan Wu, who stood on stage and spread FUD about Bitcoin being unable to grow and therefore anyone mining it is in for a lot of trouble. This was followed by some bcash propaganda by both Jihan and Roger Ver’s company (which I won’t even dignify by naming). I don’t think anyone else took them seriously though.
@_date: 2019-02-24 10:24:21


\[citation needed\]




I disagree that it was "everyone".


I continue to disagree it's "everyone".


Everything I just quoted from you is a statement as if it's a fact, not an opinion.  If you want to give opinion, learn to phrase it better.
Also: Why do you think that the whole "market stages" thing even applies?  It seems to be one of the most useless predictive charts ever when using it on historical data from other markets.  There are very few things that have historical data of any kind (be it financial, public interest, public perception, or anything else) that look even remotely like that oft-used curve.
@_date: 2019-08-29 17:19:54
By totally destroying their own economy, sure... they amount of currency they'd be printing would be insane.  It'd make Venezuela's hyperinflation look tame by comparison.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:48:06
Other than a few cafes, bars, and restaurants, I've not seen a bitcoin payment option directly at a store; so it's still mostly online as per my list.
In total, I can think of maybe between 10 and 15 cafes/bars/restaurants in driving distance of my house that take bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-17 18:44:03
Not really, but you probably don't need to for your use case.
Look in to SPV (Simplified Payment Verification), then have just one full node, with each of the services/functions you were envisioning using a full node for, instead just using SPV to talk to your one full node.
SPV is often talked about in the context of mobile wallet apps, but its uses extend way beyond that.
@_date: 2019-02-08 09:31:08
It was far too early days (I think around late 2009/early 2010) and I didn't understand the potential.  I didn't feel I was deleting anything of value.  Even if I had thought about the value (which I didn't), I would have naïvely and incorrectly assumed that I could just reinstall it later and "easily" mine those blocks again.
It was 2011 when I finally started to realise the potential of it, but I was distracted by things going on in my life (the birth of my two kids in 2011 and 2014), so it wasn't until 2015 that I really started getting in to it significantly.
@_date: 2019-06-23 09:54:26


Really not all that much, no.
 (^(also: "a lot", not "allot"))


I disagree.  Volatility is more noticeable over longer timescales.  "Daily spending" is short timescales (most people get paid at least monthly, many more frequently) and so is less affected by volatility.  Plus of course volatility works both ways, so for the small amount it does affect things, it tends to have more "good days" than "bad days".


You're welcome to think this, but you'd be wrong.
 (^(also: "you're", not "your"))


I agree that one should spend the least valuable money first.  I used to do that when I held both fiat money and bitcoin; it simply made sense to get rid of the fiat money and hold the bitcoin since it's more valuable.
Then I came to the obvious conclusion that if I consider bitcoin more valuable, it doesn't make sense for me to hold fiat at all, so I simply stopped doing so.


Then I don't think you understand enough about bitcoin or even about money.
@_date: 2019-06-17 18:14:36
While true, I consider that a lower risk than the total failure of the euro (my local currency), so it’s more a matter of weighing the risks against each other.
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:16:58
The power used has nothing to do with the transaction rate (other than the adjustment period).
If literally no one else were mining (and we didn't need to wait for a difficulty adjustment), my laptop would easily handle the entire number of bitcoin transactions equally as well as the current army of ASICs.
Where the difference comes in is security.  In the "my laptop" situation, anyone with ten laptops could come along and rewrite the blockchain pretty much at will simply by redoing my historical calculations along with the new ones and inserting different data in to the chain as they do so.  The more hash power put towards it, the more *secure* the chain is from this kind of attack.
This is the property of immutability bestowed by the concept of proof-of-work and is - in my opinion - a far more important aspect of bitcoin than the concept of a blockchain, which is what gets most of the press.
I'm aware that doesn't answer your question yet, but it's important to state in order to really give the following answer: Your question doesn't make sense.  While it's true that difficulty adjustments do lead to a prisoner-dilemma-like race to add computing power in competition with each other, it essentially is designed this way as it causes continual improvements to the security of the chain.
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:23:01
While it is of course possible, I think that realistically the chances of it going that way are extremely low.
Everyone seems to be aware that the more acceptance bitcoin gets, the greater the value; but what seems to be somehow less often talked about is that the more acceptance it gets, the lower the volatility.
I personally think we're already at a point where the value of bitcoin is almost (but still not quite) large enough for it to be a 'safe' investment, and by the time that the bottom of the typical dips is around $20k USD, I expect many others will see it that way as well.
There is still a lot of speculation of course and there will be periods where 'mass panic' causes larger swings, but those early days where single whales could influence the market significantly are already well behind us.
My long term expectation for the value of bitcoin (measured against something stable, not other currencies) is roughly an S-curve with some wild swinging along the way making it fuzzy.  I also think there is a reasonable chance that it'll significantly overshoot the top of the S curve before coming down, bouncing a little, and eventually settling at a reasonably stable top.  There will therefore be people who sell that one and only 'real bubble' who will do well out of it.  I won't be one of them, because I don't believe that I'm capable of timing that and will be quite happy with the stable settled price.
It's true of course that I could change my opinion in the future.  And if I do, I'll of course act on my opinion as it is at the time.  That might mean I sell at $20k or $50k or whatever; but right now, I don't see any sensible reason that I would.
My current view of fiat is that as an inflationary currency, I want to hold as little of it as possible.  Why hold something that just decreases in value over time?  But, since I still want to maintain liquidity, I won't put it all in "hard assets" that are difficult to sell quickly or in highly divisible units (e.g. real estate; selling a house to go grocery shopping is just stupid).  Bitcoin is the perfect thing for maintaining that liquidity.  I of course do hold other assets as well, but other than a "just in case of emergency" reserve of fiat (enough to keep me and my family with a roof over our heads and food in our bellies for around 12 months if we're frugal), all my liquidity is in bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-18 19:10:53
I agree.  But where did I say I only surround myself with people that have the same predictions as myself?  I believe it was *you* that implied I was doing so.
@_date: 2019-02-27 13:27:03
The article claims that they make money for "doing nothing" since they are mining empty blocks and therefore not "processing transactions".
However: A miners job is not to process transactions.  It's to secure the network.  "Processing transactions" (by including them in a block) is another job a miner can choose to do, and they are paid for this job by the transaction fee on that transaction.
All transactions in the chain are secured by the proof-of-work of every block that follows - **including** empty blocks.
As the coinbase reward (newly minted coins) goes down, miners will be more incentivised to include transactions, thus ensuring that the network continues to be secured.  The coinbase reward ensures that - during these early days (which we **are** still in) - the network gets secured even when there aren't enough transaction fees for them to do that job for the reward they'd be getting.
@_date: 2019-02-25 13:35:21
How?  Either you're paying them and are just doing so out of the kindness of your heart (and will eventually run out of money), or you're passing them on to the purchaser in some way (for example, by charging them the list price instead of the [purse.io]( price, which may be cheaper).
Basically, you STILL look like a scammer and these short non-answers aren't making it look any better.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:15:10
That whole "Hold on for Dear Life" thing came later.  The "hodl" meme was introduced to the bitcoin community by [a drunk typo]( that caught on.
@_date: 2019-06-05 09:13:22


Then their business model sucks.
I highly doubt it anyway.  They give shitty exchange rates, whereby they're definitely keeping the difference.  They're charging huge "network fees" that don't need to be so high, and are probably using lower fees for actually doing the processing on the back-end, pocketing the difference.  And on top of all of that, they charge a 1% fee to the merchant as well, which for most merchants is going to be WAY higher than the combined miner fees of all transactions involved.
Basically, they're either raking in the profits or are fantastically mismanaging their finances.
@_date: 2019-06-21 19:50:46
Not under any realistic scenario that doesn't involve the complete break-down of civilisation and the concept of money itself becomes useless since we've all reverted to basic barter (e.g. "Walking Dead" scenario).
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:01:37


... and what is this number compared to those that got unexpected positive gains from volatility, or - understanding the volatility - used it to hold until such time as they made gains over their sales price?


True of all things.
@_date: 2019-02-11 04:46:23
Gibt's bei echte Bitcoin auch nicht.  Diese Artikel ist ein reines Troll.  Ein Entwickler hat was vorgeschlagen und es gibt absolut niemand der zustimmt.  Es wird nie passieren.
@_date: 2019-08-10 18:06:26
Definitely better, but maybe too specific.  That's an okay description of the Bitcoin blockchain, but doesn't necessarily fit everything out there calling itself a blockchain.  I'd also want to reword the bits about "transactions" since it would imply a transaction-chain is also a blockchain which it really isn't (the significant difference being the blocks...).
Perhaps it might be worth asking what you intend to use the definition for.  Personally, I tend to simply avoid the word anyway except when specifically in the context of a particular chain such as "the Bitcoin blockchain" or "Ethereum's blockchain".
If really pushed to provide one, my description would be something like: "*a data structure consisting of a series of discrete collections of data called blocks, where each block contains a reference to the previous block in the series*".
@_date: 2019-02-27 11:07:17
It's been there since Unicode 10.0 released in mid-2017.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:29:13


100% agreed!
@_date: 2019-02-25 14:02:39


Again, I would agree if he's referring to the BTC amount, not the purchasing power of the BTC at the time.  I suspect he probably was.  I don't recall the exact context in which he said it and I don't want to put words in his mouth either way.
Regardless, it's a matter of where you place your trust and blame.  I'd honestly *rather* lose money myself than someone else lose the same amount on my behalf.  Both ways, I'm down the same amount; but with the former, I only have myself to blame and can use it as a learning exercise; whereas with the latter, I've now got additional negative feelings towards another person or group of people that could have been avoided.
I do think that custodial systems have a place in the world, but only in the same sort of way that we as a society we take care of our children, our sick, the mentally incapable, and the elderly.  We recognise that there are subsets of society that do not have the capability to be responsible for their own wellbeing and so we provide societal help in doing so.  The emphasis should however be on educating people to look after themselves instead of falling back on societal crutches unnecessarily.
There is also cost/benefit analysis at play.  I'd also trust a custodial system for very small amounts of money if by doing so, the user experience is significantly improved.  For example, were I a typical user, I can imagine I'd be okay (right now) with a custodial Lightning solution for values of a few thousand satoshi since the effort to set up a node is worth more than that to me.  The loss of the funds in that custodial solution would represent a smaller loss than the effort of setting up a node (to note: I don't use a custodial solution; I do have my own lnd node, because I valued the learning experience of setting it up; but not everyone would, and I'm fine with that).  The easier it gets to set up a non-custodial solution though, the less money should belong in custodial solutions.
@_date: 2019-02-11 14:30:55
I didn't know him, but my curiosity plus your info was enough that Google led me to [this sad news](
@_date: 2019-02-05 04:02:46
Exactly 200BTC.  4 blocks (at 50BTC per block) that I mined myself before deleting the "silly thing that was destroying my CPU" along with the private keys.
@_date: 2019-02-25 12:29:49
Why do you think people would send you Bitcoin with the hope that you then send them a product from Amazon?  Why wouldn't they purchase it themselves directly, or use [purse.io]( or pretty much anything else that doesn't require placing complete trust in a random redditor?
How about this: You send me a bunch of Amazon products, and I promise I'll send you the BTC value of them afterwards.  If you won't accept this arrangement, perhaps you'll understand why other people won't accept the one you're proposing.
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:37:46
Long term, I agree.  Short term, not at all.
Essentially, as long as those pizzas have a production chain that is priced in something other than BTC, they'll also be priced in something other than BTC.  In this instance, I may earn 500 BTC per day and spend 50 BTC on a pizza, or I may earn 0.005 BTC per day and spend 0.0005 BTC on a pizza.  Either way is the same to me and I don't understand why it wouldn't be for you.
I do understand the wish for current BTC savings to be worth more.  It'd be nice if those 500 BTC that I earned for a day's work that are worth 10 pizzas today would be word 100000 pizzas at some point in the future; but that's the speculative angle again, which isn't something I really want to get involved in.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:34:41


Depends on the type of the bug.
If it's something that is fixable and hasn't been significantly exploited, Bitcoin would likely survive.  The only type of bug I can imagine that would be *fatal* for Bitcoin would be something proving the underlying mathematical principles as invalid.  That would likely have much larger ramifications than just Bitcoin's death though.


The exchange rate to fiat would take a big hit, but it wouldn't significantly affect Bitcoin's survivability.


Depends on what they do with it.  Most likely though, it'd again be a situation with a big hit to the fiat exchange rate (although for a much longer timeframe than just the Satoshi coins moving) and then be mitigated through technology (such as the widespread adoption of BetterHash to reduce this risk in the future).


But how?
@_date: 2019-02-01 17:55:37
Das kannst du sicherlich lernen. Ich kenne sogar Kinder die Deutsch sprechen können!
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:30:21


I don't consider value to be the primary property of Bitcoin.  I don't even consider it an interesting property of it.  Whether I need to give 100 BTC or 0.0001 BTC to someone to transfer value to them, I don't really care, since the difficulty with which I get that amount of BTC is proportional to its value as is how much BTC I want/need to transfer to someone else.  The numbers involved aren't all that important to me.
Just to note: I also don't consider "crypto" to be the same thing as Bitcoin.


No, I don't use exchanges.  And what do you mean by vendors?  People selling me things?  Yes, they need to accept BTC for me to use it with them and I need to trust them to actually give me the thing I'm buying, but that's true of a vendor of anything no matter what currency is being used.


No, because the internet isn't capable of choosing to censor my transactions, make them invalid, or steal my bitcoin in transit.  It's a carrier medium, but not a middleman.


Technically, internet and electricity aren't needed for Bitcoin, but I'll concede that without it, it's pretty inconvenient.  However, if the country in which I live failed to that point, no other currency would be meaningful either.  In that scenario, I'd be equally as cut off from dollars, euro, or whatever else.  Even if I held gold coins, they'd only be worth what someone is willing to trade me for them, and I'd probably do better with bottled water or canned food than coins.  Suffice to say, I'd get the hell out of there by any means necessary.


Everyone can see every on-chain transaction.  But you can't actually point to one and say that it came from nor who the receiver is, or even if the receiver is an individual or some kind of smart contract.  You can't see any off-chain transactions, only the on-chain transactions associated with them which generally tell you very little.


I'm sorry, I don't understand the question.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:03:06
..... ?
It is.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:05:40
I - Dale Bewan - personally purchased lysergic acid diethylamide from a dark net market website with both intent and knowledge of the legal status and had it sent to me through the postal service.  I then performed chemical analysis to confirm that the substance was indeed the illegal substance that I intended to purchase.  Once that was confirmed and a suitable date and time was found, I knowingly provided it to another person (my wife) and we both consumed it.
No cats involved.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:47:55
I'm amazed that people take unknown drugs (like some random white powder from a baggie sold in a nightclub).  But it's absolutely possible to be a responsible drug user and test your substances before use.
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:00:54


Why?  You mentioned a theoretical risk of a thus far unseen bug in the protocol, but do you actually consider that to be likely at all?  I'd be more worried about dying in a car crash on the way to pick up my kids from school than I would be about that eventuality (and that doesn't stop me picking my kids up!)


Do you honestly consider the risk of Euro to be that low?  Having first-hand witnessed a couple of serious economic bubbles and the knock-on effects they had on major world currencies (including the Euro and the Dollar of course), I'm doubtful the major currencies can survive another one, and if they do, it'd be miraculous if they survived the one after that.
Every economic crisis thus far has been "resolved" by essentially sweeping the problems under the rug, making the next crisis hit the economy even harder.  It's not sustainable, and things *will* fall apart badly once it hits the breaking point.
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:13:50


What exactly have you "followed closely"?  The market of it, or the philosophy?
Do you understand *why* bitcoin exists?  Do you understand the arguments made by bitcoiners against debt-based/fiat economics?  Do you understand how the game theory works?  Do you get the implications of having a known and predictable rate of supply that can't be gamed?
Because if you've been "following bitcoin closely since 2013", but only looked at how the exchange markets behave, you need to know that you know nothing about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-18 06:55:53
Also by showing the net worth in BTC, it helps you decouple the concept of net worth from a fiat currency.
Personally, I've got a few obsessive compulsive tendencies, and one of them is recording my personal finances.  Since 2001, I've recorded every bit of incoming and outgoing money (in all currencies) in a spreadsheet.  I can see for example that on 2003-10-15, I spent AUD $59.95 on shoes; on 2016-01-04, I spent €29.90 on shoes; and last Wednesday (2019-06-12) I spent 4.14m₿ on shoes.
What I realised recently though is that although I can also show at any given time what my total value in any currency is, what I can't show so easily is the purchasing power of that currency.  I don't like the "standard basket of goods" model used in some places since it can be (and likely is) gamed significantly, so I'm currently looking for another way to model this.  I've been toying with the idea of extrapolating things from actual real costs in the past (since I have nearly 20 years of data), but even might not give meaningful results because obviously my lifestyle choices were different in my early 20s compared to my late 30s and if I only recorded "dinner" at the time it doesn't give an indication if that was cheap fast food or a fancy restaurant, so comparing "dinner" then to "dinner" now isn't going to tell me much about the currency's purchasing power.  In the meantime, I do have columns in the spreadsheet that show me the equivalent value in major currencies (including BTC) plus those that I've used regularly in the past, but it'd be really nice to add some kind of reliable measurement unit.
I don't have a general net worth spreadsheet, since I can't really be bothered with estimates of value for things like my house (the one I own is not the one I live in; nor even in the same country) and car (which is a reliable but extremely boring thing that really isn't going to be worth anything by the time I trade it in for a newer one).
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:12:00






Why should they?  That's not a part of the transaction being discussed.
If the expected use case were:
1. Keep funds in on-chain wallet, keep zero LN channels open in general
2. Decide to make payment
3. Open an LN channel
4. Make payment
5. Close LN channel
Then it'd make sense to include step 3 (and 5) in the video and reported costs.  But since that isn't the normal use case of LN, it'd be as meaningful as including steps like "log in to the exchange, send them fiat, exchange fiat for bitcoin", etc.
@_date: 2019-10-25 21:38:53
I'd probably waste enough time to script it, and do so via multiple VPN and TOR endpoints that I was taking as much money as possible from you...
Actually to be honest, no, I wouldn't.  But I'm sure someone would, and that's your problem.  You can implement a CAPTCHA of course, but then you're asking for a lot more time and effort than just clicking a button.
@_date: 2019-06-18 22:19:46
There was more than one question.  Questions are things that end in a question mark.  The thing that looks like this --&gt; **?**
You've - at best - given a half answer to one question out of many.  So at this point, I'm giving up.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:29:02
Yep.  It did.
@_date: 2019-06-04 07:27:27


Nope.  That's an aspect of market size.  It shows that the market is currently tiny.
It also implies that there is significant room for growth in usage ("*usage*" here also includes "*holding for the future without ever actually transacting it*" despite the fact that I personally do encourage transaction uses as well).  Due to the fixed supply, increased usage (equivalent to increased demand) would naturally lead to a much higher valuation.


Do you remember how they were produced by a single company, had no defined scarcity, and had no properties of any kind that make them useful as money?  If so, why do you think they have anything to do with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:26:15
Yep. I think it’s probably just very out of date, but I’m happy to stand corrected, step away, and rephrase as “Misleading even if it were true”.
@_date: 2019-10-01 03:22:22
I don't hold any fiat currencies.  100% of my liquid currency is in Bitcoin.
I do hold assets other than Bitcoin (e.g. real estate).
I don't hold shitcoins (i.e. "crypto" that isn't Bitcoin).
@_date: 2019-06-18 21:26:26


Yes, I'm well aware.  I don't see how that relates to your point though.
Again: do you consider the risk of a fatal bug that fundamentally breaks bitcoin to have any reasonable level of likelihood?


How do you measure this?  I'd argue it's already "nearly zero".  It'll get even nearer over time, but how "near" do you need it to be?
@_date: 2019-02-02 13:16:05
I use:
* Ledger Nano S as my long-term storage.
   * Seed phrases are backed up in physical safes in different locations.
   * Stores the majority of my bitcoin.
   * Analogous to my bank account back when I used fiat.
* BitWallet on iOS as my main hot-wallet for day to day usage.
   * Seed phrases are backed up in physical safes in different locations.
   * Never holds more value than I used to carry around in cash back when I used fiat.
   * Analogous to my wallet back when I used fiat.
* BlueWallet on iOS.
   * Under investigation as a potential to replace BitWallet in the future.
   * Also pointed at my lndhub instance at home for day to day Lightning usage (when possible).
   * Holds tiny amounts, only intended for testing right now since I don't have day-to-day Lightning usage (maybe a couple of real transactions per month at most right now).
   * I'm hoping to migrate to it fully once either LN becomes as ubiquitous as on-chain or the on-chain wallet functionality of BlueWallet improves enough to no longer need BitWallet (BlueWallet's UI is much better but without tx batching and UTXO control, it doesn't fit my needs).
I specifically don't use a wallet on a computer directly.  I run a full Bitcoin Core node as well but I don't use the wallet functionality directly.  My lndhub of course is a hot wallet for my lightning funds that I use from BlueWallet, but I treat that as the "server" for my mobile wallet rather than ever interacting with it directly on the computer itself. 
I did previously have BlueWallet pointed at their custodial lndhub and had a very small amount of funds on it, but that was really just for testing.  Custodial funds are a bad idea in general (even if you trust the developers/owners of the solution, that's only one risk of money managed by a custodian; there are too many others for it to ever be something I'd consider for any significant amount of money).
The main reason I don't use a desktop computer based wallet is security.  Desktop operating systems are too vulnerable to many different kinds of attack and so I simply can't trust it with any significant value.  By having a hardware wallet for long-term storage and a mobile wallet for daily usage of smaller amounts, I feel it's a much better balance for me personally.
When it comes to security though, [this recent video]( from Andreas Antonopoulos is *very* relevant.  Just because the setup described above is good for me, it doesn't mean it would necessarily be good for you.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:25:30
Bitcoin as a system is an immutable ledger that enables near-instant globally-provable timestamping of records.  How is that not worth something?!
@_date: 2017-11-24 12:41:47
Seriously, you're spreading FUD.  Either you realise it and are doing it on purpose to shill for something else, or you don't realise it because you honestly believe the fees are required to be that high.
At every point in time that I've wanted to use BTC (which is quite a lot - I actually use it as a currency regularly), I've paid fees under the equivalent of €2.  Most of the time, it's been under €1.
My most recent Steam purchase was Civilization VI, which (I just checked) is priced at €30.  The last time I spent BTC at a café, my bill was somewhere around €40 (two people, coffee, beer, snack, and ice-cream).  Fees of under €2 on purchases of that size are WELL within the level that I consider to be acceptable.
Would I like to be able to make smaller purchases with bitcoin?  Absolutely.  However not at the expense of network security and decentralisation, which is why I'm happy to wait for proper solutions to allow these use cases (e.g. Lightning).
Now, you might argue that fees are significantly higher and point to your wallet's estimation.  That is a problem of your wallet, NOT a problem of bitcoin itself.  Get a wallet that lets you set your own fees.
You might argue that spam transactions filling up the mempool mean its so full that your transaction will never get processed.  That's a common myth and quite simply a terrible misunderstanding about fees.  The total number of transactions in the mempool is **completely irrelevant** to what fee you should pay.  The only relevant factor is how many transactions there are of a fee higher than you want to pay.  That is, if there are millions of transactions with fees at 5sat/B (likely spam), but the number of transactions with fees of over 10sat/B are quite low, then you absolutely WILL get your transaction processed quickly paying only 10sat/B.  It's additionally worth noting that "quick" transactions also aren't always required.  If it looks like 10sat/B will take a few hours but 20sat/B will clear fast, you should only pay 20sat/B if you NEED it to clear.  Paying 10sat/B is going to be absolutely fine if the time that it get included in a block doesn't matter as much to you.
@_date: 2017-11-01 04:21:40
On your Nano S, either of the selections "Legacy" or "Segwit" will be absolutely fine for the fork.  There is no difference from that perspective.  People's differing answers are likely based on reasons other than the fork.
Personally, I'd say select "SegWit", since it means transfers to/from your Nano S can benefit from the advances that SegWit brings.
Note that SegWit has nothing to do with the SegWit2X fork.  The current chain already has SegWit enabled right now.  The only notable fork that doesn't is BCH ("Bitcoin Cash") but that doesn't have anything to do with the bitcoin you're storing on your Nano S now.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:32:19
bitcoin.com has nothing to do with bitcoin.  I recommend staying away from that site as the owner is relatively hostile to bitcoin and has on several occasions attempted (and failed) to perform hostile takeovers of the ecosystem and network.
To answer your question:
1. Most people who are have significant financial or ideological investments in bitcoin use hardware wallets such as those provided by Ledger or the Trezor.
2. For people who "day trade" (effectively gambling on the price, often with some voodoo dressed up as economic science around it), they tend to store it on the exchanges for quick access.  This is dangerous, as the exchange has complete control of the coins rather than the nominal owner.
3. Many like to use paper wallets and store them physically somewhere safe, however this seems to be declining in favour of using a hardware wallet and then storing the seed words (a number of words that can be used to restore the private key in case of hardware failure) in the same way that they would have stored a paper wallet.
4. People with small amounts - or those with larger amounts who want a small 'spending fund' (such as myself) - often use mobile wallets since they're very convenient.
5. Some people use desktop computer (Windows/Mac/Linux) wallets, but I actually don't know why since the security of desktops is generally quite poor and the ease of access is lower than a mobile phone.  Not that I have anything against desktop wallets, I just don't personally have any use for them.
(Note that running a full node essentially means you ALSO have a desktop computer wallet.  Since I do run a full node, I therefore also have a desktop computer wallet; I just don't use it)
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:16:11
Many wallets - including the Bitcoin Core GUI wallet functions - support segwit already.  Perhaps you're confusing segwit with something else?
@_date: 2019-06-04 09:30:28
You're looking at it backwards.  Those rules don't affect Bitcoin, they affect fiat currency.  They define what you are and are not allowed to do with your fiat currency (in the case you're talking about, it'd be "you can't trade your fiat currency away for Bitcoin").  By restricting a fiat currency, they're devaluing that currency, not the other side of the equation.
If you're not allowed to exchange your fiat for Bitcoin, you should consider getting Bitcoin other ways (and getting rid of that fiat while it's still worth anything at all, since it's clearly getting less and less valuable the more restrictions they add to it).  One good way is working for it, either through an arrangement with an employer, or by becoming self employed and selling your goods and services for Bitcoin only (or, if its worth your while, charging an extra premium on top for fiat to cover the downsides of being paid in a less useful currency).
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:50:41


Other than the "exchange" being their own private stash of each, but yes, that's the exact scenario I'm proposing is *possible*.  I also stated several times I don't think it's likely, but it's definitely not out of the question.


I don't fear it, I'm just sick of it.  If someone wants to use it, they should just go away and use it.  Where I will step in though is when someone tries to say it *is* bitcoin because it simply isn't, and that devalues the real thing.


And you call me brainwashed... \*eyeroll\*
Honestly, this isn't a debate I want to get involved in.  It's a waste of time and has been hashed out a thousand times by both sides so wouldn't bring anything new to a reader stumbling across it.  Feel free to reply or not as you please, but don't expect anything further from me on this topic.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:20:12
When I found it, it still wasn't worth a fortune, but definitely much more than I'd bought it for.  Maybe a few hundred I think.
Basically I'd been using bitcoin on Silk Road in the very early days, including at sub-dollar BTC/USD exchange rates.  After my first child was born, I started taking substances less often and my 'stash' sufficed for quite a long time and I essentially forgot all about bitcoin for the most part.
I then saw something online about it and it finally clicked in my head what makes bitcoin so special - true decentralisation and finite supply.  So, I got back in to it for the technical value, not the financial.  On a whim though, I realised I might have some 'dust' left over, found my wallet.dat, and there it was.  60BTC out to Silk Road, and 7BTC back again afterwards.
At that point, I bought quite a bit more (over 21, but I won't say how much over) and while it's still the technical aspect that keeps me attracted to the system, it's definitely nice having this financial nest egg available.
@_date: 2019-06-05 09:29:13


You seem to misunderstand what these things are.  They're not "tack-on" solutions at all.


Because you can use the channel thousands of times with any merchants you like without worrying about your currency suddenly not existing anymore or having other issues as could happen with "another low-fee coin".


Agreed, which is why NOT supporting things that make it simpler for the customer is a negative.  Bitpay even made it more complex by removing standard address QR codes that *every wallet on the planet* supports.  Instead, they use a badly implemented and poorly described "standard" that is supported by a minority of wallets.  This means many customers are simply unable to make payments **at all**.
@_date: 2017-11-20 07:19:58
Coinbase seems to be one of the more popular exchanges yes.
I've personally never used them since they appear to be primarily US based and I'm happy with what I've got for buying and selling (bitcoin.de linked with my Fidor Germany bank account).
I've seen some negative comments about Coinbase here on so you might want to look in to that (using the search function) before deciding specifically on using them or any other exchange.
Note that some exchanges offer mobile wallet applications as well.  Pay very close attention to these as they could either be a 'real' wallet where the private keys are stored on your device, or it could just be an interface to their online wallet, where they control the keys.  In the case of the former, it's essentially the same as "mobile wallet" in my earlier description, but in the latter, it's the same as keeping it on the exchange, despite the fact that it 'feels' like a mobile wallet.  Since I don't use any of those, I can't tell you which is which without actually searching for it myself, which I'd encourage you to do instead.
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:20:22
I'm not related to the project (but I potentially might like to be); but from reading the link:
1. It provides a base system on which you can build new types of apps that sit on top of Lightning/Bitcoin.
2. Those new types of apps are initially focused at messaging and storage with payment.
3. They outline a simple storage scenario, whereby Bob has storage space free and is willing to get paid for it and Alice wants to buy storage.  Alice can pay to use Bob's storage, and do it in a way that Bob doesn't get paid if he doesn't do his job (i.e. he just deletes the data or whatever).
Essentially, I can imagine "cloud storage" provider services being built using this as the base whereby anyone can store bits of data for anyone else completely transparently and without needing to trust a centralised service.  If you've got a spare NAS lying around, you might hook it up and earn some sats storing data for other people.  Meanwhile you also pay for your data to be stored on a few different locations for disaster recovery.  All of it being implemented with on-the-fly encryption (so your data can't be read by anyone) and the complexity hidden behind a pretty UI (so it's easy enough for grandma to use).
@_date: 2017-11-19 21:07:47
It's been bouncing against a 250BTC wall at 6799€ on Kraken for a while now.  Right now, bounced back down  to 6750€, but the order book between here and 6799€ is almost non-existent (36BTC), so I expect to slowly watch that wall get eaten and then for it to move on to the next one.
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:42:44


I disagree.
I see no problem with setting up centralised systems for those that need/want to have them.  Those centralised systems however are unable to create money out of nothing, can't change the monetary policy, and remain optional for those of us who choose not to use them.
We can also have "mini" centralised systems.  I have access to my kids' private keys.  They're 7 and 4 years old respectively.  I also run a single Lightning Node that both my wife and I have separate "wallets" on.  I could "steal" my wife's money this way, but trusting me is less of a problem than having two independent systems, and far less of a problem than trusting a giant faceless bank that definitely doesn't have either of our best interests at heart.
Centralisation/decentralisation isn't an all-or-nothing thing.  It's a spectrum in several dimensions.
@_date: 2019-02-10 18:33:06


You're missing the continuation of that sentence which contains an important modifier: "*with intent to render such item(s) unfit to be reissued*".  If the person doing it had no intention to make it unfit to be reissued, then no violation of this code has been committed.


That likely depends on the quality of the lawyer arguing the defence, but I'd imagine that a case could be made that it's not "advertising" if there's no incitement for investment to any company, organisation, or individual.  Bitcoin isn't a company, organisation, or individual, so it's not advertising.
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:41:15
You're aware they don't need a channel per customer?  And that for paying merchants out in fiat, they do so in batches rather than for each individual payment?  And that customers don't need to open a new channel each time they use a new vendor/merchant/payment processor?
So yes, BitPay would need to open some channels.  They'd also need to do some channel management.  Customers would also need one or more channels open.  But in all cases, these channels would be used for many different things and not just the one transaction in question.  The on-chain fees wouldn't disappear, but they'd be spread across many hundreds or even thousands of real-world transactions rather than a single one.
@_date: 2019-02-26 10:57:41
Comparing a currency to payment networks doesn’t really say much.  Bitcoin’s on-chain transactions aren’t indicative at all of its usage. There are some aspects that will make it look much larger and others that will make it look smaller. Looking at them won’t inform you at all about the underlying reality. 
Right now, I think the only thing we can say with any degree of certainty is that BTC is still tiny, but it is growing and still has plenty of room for growth. This is also true of the Lightning Network (which - being a payment network - would be more appropriate to compare to things like PayPal; although you can’t because you can’t see all transactions on LN and that’s a good thing). 
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:36:24
I don't think you really mean that the private key should be transferred via NFC; that's a huge security issue.
I assume you mean you'd like to have a wallet that supports NFC for transaction transmission.  So would I.  There are people working on solutions at the moment and there have been some announcements of various products, but nothing has really hit the mainstream yet that I'm aware of and everything I've seen still doesn't really have the kind of user experience that I'd like to see for it to be as seamless as possible while still maintaining good security.
Thankfully, when I say there are "people" working on a solution to this, that includes the company I work for, where I'm heading up a team that has this on our roadmap.  We're not actively working on it yet (although I know others are) because we've got other priorities at the moment.  But my expectation is that within 6 to 12 months (by the second or third major release of our core products), this will be there.
Unlike many other companies, we don't like promising things and building a bunch of hype only to fail to deliver, so we have no plans to announce anything until the products are actually ready.  For that reason (and that I don't actually want my reddit account linked to my real world identity) I'm not going to mention the company name or product names.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:26:38
The most common non-LSD psychedelic substances that are cheaper than LSD (and therefore might be used by unscrupulous manufacturers) are all phenethylamines and as such do not have the indole ring that the Ehrlich reagent indicates.  That makes it a pretty reliable test in general.
Of course LSZ, LSA, 4-HO-DMT, 1P-LSD, ALD-52 and many other indoles also exist and could be used on a tab in place of LSD but thus far there is little evidence of significant risk from any psychedelic indole and none of these substances are likely to bring a manufacturer significant profit vs simply using LSD (and since many have a shorter biological half-life, customers are likely to call it "bunk acid" and avoid repurchase).
It is true that most people don't have direct access to testing beyond simple reagents (which - while not perfect - are amazingly good when used correctly); but there is always indirect access.  Several companies exist around the world that you can send substances to and they'll put it through a mass-spectrometer and give you a full report.  My personal favourite is [Energy Control](
@_date: 2019-06-28 07:27:47
I recommend you stop caring about how much fiat currency your bitcoin is worth.  Fiat currencies fluctuate in value as well, so it tells you very little about the real value of your bitcoin.  Instead, earn it, hold it, spend it and leave just fiat behind.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:36:29
Yep. I had 7BTC in “loose change” left over from a Silk Road purchase that I’d forgotten about until I realised what Bitcoin really is and the implications of it. 
That was a very nice surprise to kickstart my BTC savings. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 19:22:23
I didn’t buy at $2... I bought at sub-$1. 
If I had not just spent the vast majority of it at Silk Road, I’d be extraordinarily wealthy now. 
On the plus side, I did use my “left over loose change” of around 7BTC as the start of my hodlings once I finally did realise the value of the technology. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 23:01:59


That graph is linear.  Switch it to a log and look again.
Even better, take a look at actual volatility measurements.  That is, measurements  that show the amount of change (percentage) occurring within a defined period compared to other equal length defined periods.  There has indeed been a small up-tick recently, but overall the trend is towards lower volatility.  One good place to see it in a nice chart is 


I personally know a lot more people who own bitcoin now than I did a year ago.  It's now talked about more in newspapers and television, accepted by more businesses, and public awareness is generally higher.  I'll agree that the number of transactions doesn't seem to have greatly risen (although over a two year timespan, there is a noticeable upwards trend), but given that it's a store of value that promotes holding rather than spending, I'm not overly surprised by that.


I never said that volatility is a measure of success.  You seem to be trying to set up a strawman here.  That said, lower volatility is an expected outcome of increasing success, and also a requirement for certain use cases that aren't practical right now (such as pricing things in BTC directly).
Taking a look at the data, Ethereum and Litecoin have similar volatility to BTC (sometimes a bit higher, sometimes a bit lower).  Bitcoin Cash on the other hand is significantly more volatile.  So I'm not sure where you're getting the idea they're all less volatile than Bitcoin.


As I already said though, I have no intention of "pulling my money out" unless I am completely convinced bitcoin will fall to zero and *never* recover.  It could crash to $1/BTC tomorrow on the news of every world government declaring it illegal and shutting down every exchange and I'd just buy more because I believe in the fundamental value of the system.


Another strawman... what makes you think I treat it as a speculative asset or that I'd consider that aspect of it to be a revolution in economics?


I find it somehow strange that you end your post with this statement.  You're the one treating it as a valueless thing that only has use in trading and has a price held up by speculation alone.  I'm the one arguing for its inherent value.
Yes, I expect that based on my understanding of the system, economic theory, and human behaviour that I will eventually be extremely rich from my BTC holdings; and yes, that is one of the reasons I have the BTC that I do.  But the main reason I have and use BTC is because its a decentralised currency where I and I alone am in control of my money.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:35:47
Well then, please feel free to point it out to those individuals.  The way you've worded it, it sounds like you're speaking for the entire sub.
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:42:37


Wrong.  The sender pays the network fee.  BitPay are charging this *on top*.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:53:58
What you read is wrong.
Bitcoin mining is using a lot of power, but it only uses what people want to throw at it (to try and beat everyone else competing for the rewards) and it is used to secure the network.
Processing of the transactions themselves uses very little (almost zero) power.
The misunderstanding comes from people adding up all the mining power costs and dividing by the number of transactions.  This makes about as much sense as adding up the number of dead bugs on the windscreen of my car and then calculating the amount it cost to kill each bug based on what it costs to fill my tank.
@_date: 2017-11-20 07:46:05
I personally don't like the shortening of "bitcoin" to "bit" in your examples.  For me, one mBTC is a "milli-bitcoin" not a "milli-bit".
I agree with metric usage since it just makes sense to the vast majority of people in the world; but I also think there will likely be "common" naming as well that gets used interchangeably - as with how "dime" and "ten cents" are interchangeable in the US and Canada.  For this reason, I'm absolutely fine with "Satoshi" being a common term for 0.01µBTC.
I also don't really like saying "u" instead of "µ".  I know it became popular when µTorrent got popular as a torrent client and a lot of people called it uTorrent.  It's also true for LSD dosages, where a lot of people - even when speaking out loud - say "u g" for micrograms (µg).  Nevertheless, it's still a mistake based on a superficial similarity in the characters rather than anything meaningful and as such really just feels kind of 'dumb'.
Personally (but I'm not advocating this usage), I tend to say "mics" (pronounced "mikes") for micro-anything.  For example, "*Last weekend I had a great trip on two hundred mics of LSD*" or "*my mobile wallet has two hundred thousand mics on it, I really should move some off to cold storage*".
Note that without a protocol change, nBTC, pBTC, fBTC, and aBTC are not possible.  The smallest unit with the current code is 0.01µBTC (or 10nBTC if you prefer; but to me it looks weird that "10" of anything is the smallest unit).  I hope that one day this is enough of an issue, since if BTC is worth that much, I'll be a very rich man; but either way it's not going to be a really big issue, since even though it would require a hard-fork to fix 'nicely', it's unlikely to be contentious at all.
@_date: 2019-02-10 05:56:46
Please send them (Lieferando) a complaint email. When I did, their answer was that they don’t see enough customer complaints to warrant the effort of switching Bitcoin payment provider. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:26:10
If they can, then they can also steal anyone else's coins that aren't 'lost' and bitcoin would need to fork to add protection against this.
Currently however, it seems unlikely that without some new maths, a general purpose quantum computer isn't going to be able to access any coins at will.
Since no one has yet described the exact methodology of the quantum attack, it's not really possible to argue against it with detail either.  Once someone does describe it, mathematicians should be able to either refute it, describe the preventative fork, or declare bitcoin to be fundamentally broken.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:48:42
That attitude honestly is one of the reasons that recreational drug use is seen so negatively by the majority.  Yes, there are some inherent risks associated with drug use, but why make it even riskier?
It's like saying, "oh well, bungee jumping is pretty dangerous already, so if I'm taking that risk, why not use a fraying and damaged bungee cord while I do it?"
As a 38 year old husband and father of two that also happens to enjoy recreational drug use from time to time, I want the experience to be as safe as it can possibly be.  I will not snort unknown quantities of unknown white powders through a rolled up bill of unknown background.
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:27:00


Citation needed.
Yes, Heroin is very addictive.  In its pure form (i.e. if it were legal and easily available instead of "underground"), the physical risks are actually quite low compared to a lot of other substances (e.g. alcohol).
There is also significant evidence that shows the commonly stated addiction statistics are also much higher than reality.  People who get medical heroin (diamorphine) in hospital only very rarely end up developing a serious addiction after leaving hospital.  Most problems associated with "addicts" are actually problems associated with extreme poverty and lack of social support structures.  These people use heroin to help them forget/ignore their shitty lives they have and don't have strong reasons not to steal and murder to continue to get heroin.  When viewed this way, both the heroin use and crime are symptoms of the same problem and not the direct problem themselves.
I can say from personal experience that having tried heroin twice now, I have no interest in using it again.  It was pleasurable, but - for me at least - there are far more enjoyable substances that have even less risks associated with them.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:33:25
Even so, if you had 5 BTC in your wallet and it got changed to 5 BCH without your consent, would you accept that?  Again, I'm not saying they're likely to do that; only that the risk of such an activity is significantly higher than with any other wallet.
Also, I don't think you'll find much support for your view in the wider bitcoin community.  Bitcoin Cash is a fork, and whether you like it or not, whether you feel the differences are improvements or not, and whether you feel it's somehow 'truer to the original vision' or not are entirely irrelevant to whether Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.  The fact that it's a fork away from the the commonly agreed consensus chain quite simply means that it is not and will never be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:59:18
How exactly can you claim I am wasting money by spending it without knowing what I'm spending it on?
And even then, isn't it my choice what I spend my own money on, meaning ANY use of it that is under my control (i.e. all of it with bitcoin, unlike fiat) is legitimate and not a waste?
@_date: 2019-02-04 19:28:40
!lntip 6666
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:03:22
I remember being 18. Yeah, they’ll make some dumb choices, but it’s their choices to make and it’s what will help them learn and grow as independent adults. 
A large part of the immaturity of 18 year olds is that we often still treat them as kids. From 16, I will treat them as adults with just a bit of help so they don’t fall too hard when they stumble and from 18, what they do with their lives is in their hands. 
My mother left home at 16. I left home at 16. The world has unfortunately changed and I don’t expect my kids to leave home that early but they absolutely will be paying me for room and board at 18 if they are still at home. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 06:30:18
Yep, I always replenish.  Definitely not 10x worth (otherwise a "pizza night for the family" would be an expensive endeavour!), but generally just rounding up to the next whole number in the most appropriate denomination.
So, for example, if I spend 3.4mBTC on pizza, I might buy back 4mBTC.  Or if I spend 4.8BTC on a car, I might buy back 5BTC.
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:36:21
That's correct.  The current rate of inflation is 12.5 BTC every ten minutes.  In a bit over a year from now, it'll halve to 6.25 BTC every ten minutes.  Unlike many other currencies, the inflation isn't as a percentage of the total issuance, so percentage-wise you can even say that it's a lower percentage every ten minutes than it was before (12.5BTC now is a lower percentage of the total than 12.5BTC was when there were 12.5BTC less).
Originally, each new block (i.e. every ten minutes) there were 50 BTC produced.  It has halved twice since then and - as said - will halve again next year.  This "halving" event takes place once every 210000 blocks.  Since each block is (on average) ten minutes apart, this means that the event happens approx once every 3.992 years (often just called "4 years" for ease).  Note that by halving each time, it approaches zero, but doesn't actually reach it until such point that the halving would take it below 1 satoshi (1 satoshi being the smallest possible unit of Bitcoin = 0.00000001 BTC), at which point it just becomes zero.
The next halving is an interesting one economically, since it will be the halving that brings bitcoin's monetary inflation to a lower rate than the interest rate inflation (a different thing to monetary inflation; but related and entirely too complex to go in to in this answer) of all major western currencies.  Since bitcoin isn't really used as a medium of exchange much, its "interest rate inflation" (it doesn't really have one) can be approximated by its monetary inflation.  That means that after this next halving, bitcoin has yet another strong argument for its long-term case as a store-of-value over fiat (honestly, it already has enough arguments in my view, but another one that can potentially convince a lot of people who just needed "that one argument" isn't going to hurt).
Just as a general note, you mentioned in your original post that "fiat has 2% inflation".  This is the interest rate inflation (and it does depend a lot on which fiat currency you're talking about - I'll assume you mean the US Dollar).  The monetary inflation of almost all fiat currencies (including - and in some ways especially - the US Dollar) is much larger and can actually be difficult to get hard numbers on (which is scary in and of itself).
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:17:01
Completely accurate.
Given that the only illegal drugs I use that are known to be addictive are amphetamines, which I use maybe twice a year at most, I think it's safe to say I definitely can (and do) choose not to use them most of the time.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:27:16


Because of finite supply, there probably will be some number of "piss-poor millennials or x-gens" that will be significantly richer than the average "wealthy person" of today.
Just the other day, I was at a party hosted by a baron (i.e. old money) who sends his kid to school with one of mine.  Nice big mansion out in the countryside with a lake and all that stuff.  He doesn't own any bitcoins.  There's a good chance that by the time he realises what he's missing out on, my bitcoin holdings will be worth more than he can afford.


How? There's no amount of money this baron can throw at the problem that will suddenly solve it.  Being rich doesn't exempt you from mathematical truths.  And in case you're thinking he might use his wealth to get bitcoin banned by the government or whatever - remember, at that point I've got more money and a damned strong incentive to lobby in the opposite direction.
Even if I accept that he might get in through his financial advisors before bitcoin skyrockets to the point that my coins are worth more than entire portfolio, don't forget that around the same time, every other wealthy person is getting similar advice from their finance guys.  That action alone will skyrocket the price.  It takes less than 1 million rich guys trying to have the SAME amount of bitcoin as me to exhaust the total supply.  They'll simply NEVER be able to do (unless I and everyone else sell everything to them as it's going up; but why would we?).
@_date: 2017-11-15 16:52:53
Not paranoid at all.
My recovery words are similarly (but not identically) stored online.  There are two physical printed copies as well, but they're kept in difficult to access locations (very) far removed from my home, with some level of 'easy' obfuscation that they aren't immediately recognisable as recovery words and without context to give any hint what they are.
@_date: 2017-11-05 06:33:00
My wife is my partner in life and our decisions are decisions we make together - especially decisions that can have life changing impacts.  When it comes to bitcoin, she trusts my technical expertise in the system since she's not a technically focused person, but financial aspects are always a joint decision.
My children are still too young to have any kind of financial responsibility (6 and 3), but both of them do have 1 bitcoin each and are aware of it.  I'm the custodian of their BTC - they do not have direct access to it, but will get it on their 18th birthdays (along with the fiat savings accounts that both their grandparents and I contribute a monthly amount to).
I doubt my son (3) understands the finer points of the difference between bitcoin and my bank account at this stage, but to be fair, that level of economics is a bit above what I'd expect a 3 year old to follow.  My daughter (6) vaguely gets that bitcoin is somehow more like cash in that it's "straight from one person to another" (a 6 year old's way of saying peer-to-peer) and no one has control over it other than the person holding it; but of course doesn't really get the idea of the blockchain or the implications of finite supply.  Again, not something I'd really expect from a 6 year old.
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:49:14
Head on over to if you're interested in discussing things about trading.  This sub is (nominally) more for the fundamental concepts, technology, and news about bitcoin rather than just the financial aspects.
(in practice of course, there's a lot of price talk, a bit of trading talk, and a LOT of memes)
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:34:19
This is insane.
General consensus of most people is that it is good that: "*Cash, which can be held interest free, offers a way around negative rates, but electronic money issued by a central bank can’t be stuffed under any mattress.*"
So, the IMF suggests **breaking cash**.
Essentially, they're saying, "*You don't know what's good for you, and we do.  So we're suggesting that we force you in to doing what we think is best.  Trust us!*"
Fortunately, Bitcoin exists as an alternative.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:51:35


Unless other people also want that water and can't get it themselves for less than that... which is exactly the case with bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-25 12:20:15
The majority of these features can (and perhaps should) be implemented on 2nd layer solutions.  They definitely don't belong on the base chain though, since they (or at least the majority of them) would destroy many of the core game theory aspects of Bitcoin that make it work.
Some of them would actually be easier to implement on the base chain (simple smart contracts could probably even today take care of the whole "accept"/"decline" type of functions if there were a UI built around it (but I haven't thought it through in detail)).  However, I'd still prefer it on 2nd layer since doing it on the base layer would just muddy up the mempool with more transactions than necessary, pushing fees up to the point that no one would choose to use these features on the base layer anyway.
@_date: 2019-02-08 16:50:04
Ummmm.  How does she “not really spend it”? As I said, she does. She certainly uses it a lot more than euro (as do I). 
As I also said, she *does* buy sweets (candy) with it, so the “candy store” certainly does accept it.
A lot of places don’t, and she’s aware that it’s not widely accepted yet. She also sees the growth of acceptance though and understands that over time it will likely become the norm. 
I certainly won’t say that I didn’t influence her, but I take offence at the term “brainwashing”. I teach my children critical thinking techniques, including scepticism and how to evaluate statements presented as fact for unjustified statements.  They’re encouraged to challenge me (and do) on anything I teach them if they don’t believe I’ve justified it sufficiently. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 22:04:44


I spend it directly.  If the places I spend it then choose to convert it to fiat themselves or through their payment processor, that's their business.  I however am definitely not converting to fiat first.
For reference, my local fiat is euro, not dollars.  Some of the places I spend it probably use dollars as their local fiat.  Either way, I don't actually need to know or really care.


20 decibels is not double 10 decibels, its 10x that amount. A linear scale does not effectively show the difference between 10 and 20 decibels.  
Money is linear. 20 dollars is just double 10 dollars. There's no exponential increase or decrease.
I never said money is exponential.  I said it should be shown on an logarithmic scale.  That is, a scale where the distance between 1 and 2 is the same as the distance between 1000 and 2000.  The chart you showed first was a linear scale, where the difference between 1 and 2 is one one-thousandth of the difference between 1000 and 2000.
For example, compare this [linear scale]( to this [logarithmic one](  Both are the exchange rate of bitcoin to USD over the same time period on the same exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:18:30


The problem is that this subreddit is under a near constant attack from trolls who pose as 'innocent' people to ask these kinds of questions with the sole intent of making people select dangerously centralised altcoins instead of Bitcoin.
Some people have a short temper as a result, which I don't think is entirely unwarranted.


It is true when talking about larger transactions, but not for smaller transactions.  This is because bitcoin transactions aren't charged as a percentage like most money transfer systems, but instead based on the size (in bytes) of the transaction.  Transactions tend to be larger when they are built of multiple inputs (imagine five hundred pennies vs a 5 dollar note).
This means that you might pay 0.0002 BTC to send 0.5 BTC or 500 BTC.  Or one time you send 0.5 BTC, the 'right' fee is 0.0002 BTC, but another time it's 0.002 BTC (ten times as much).
Furthermore, since the fee itself is measured in bitcoin, as the value of bitcoin goes up, so do the fees.
Now, all of that is for "on chain" transactions.  That is, transactions that will be forever more recorded on the blockchain and will be accessible until the end of time.  It's probably not *necessary* to record everything until the end of time, but that's the only way that the blockchain can work.  That's why some very clever people have come up with ways to do a very large number of transactions "off chain" and then settle them on chain.
These systems are still having the final kinks worked out but should be starting to appear and become more popular over the next year or two.  One of the main things still missing for prime-time is the end to end user experience design to make it really seamless to use (if people have to do all the steps manually, it will be too difficult for the average user, and user mistakes will also make it more expensive than it should be (opening and closing channels "on chain" unnecessarily)).
For more information, search this subreddit for "Lightning" since that's the most popular and most talked about of these kinds of solutions.
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:01:15
Why?  I'm a New Zealander living in Germany.
@_date: 2019-06-21 20:38:44


Based on the rest of your response, no you don't.


Side chains need not be PoW based.  Ones that are take place locally, on that planet.


As said, they're **side** chains... that means that you don't try to put a block from Jupiter in to the main chain.  Most transactions happening on Europa are local, so they don't need to do anything with the chain back on earth at all.  Once in a while, money will come from Europa to Earth or from Earth to Europa.  This will happen via a settlement transaction that will indeed take a couple of hours or so to happen.  Each chain contains a signature that references the other one, which is how the "settlement" happens.  Individual transactions on each chain though are never broadcast over to the other one.
@_date: 2017-11-27 06:13:24
It requires being "hard to do" in order to be secure.  Right now, the best "hard to do" that we know of is to use a shit-ton of electricity.
Of course, improvements will come from an environmental perspective by utilising heat output to perform other useful tasks (e.g. heating homes), and renewable energy is likely to also be a significant boon; but regardless, most proposals for it to use less power do so by making it "easier", at which point it is no longer provably secure.
An important point to remember is that matter and energy and neither created nor destroyed, only change form.  Our little ball of rock is bombarded by huge amounts of energy from the universe around us (mostly from our sun) that we essentially ignore at the moment in favour of energy that's simpler to get at.  We absolutely can and will use other energy sources though should be run out of the simpler stuff.  Barring a global catastrophe, humanity will never have a real "energy crisis".
@_date: 2017-11-12 12:06:44
True, but misleading.
Many single large addresses are in fact cold storage addresses belonging to exchanges. They represent many individuals. Additionally, Satoshi’s coins are also included in that figure. 
Also, this way of wording it makes it sound more dramatic than it is. Imagine there are only 100 addresses. 4 of them hold 24 coins each. The remaining 96 hold 0.0416 coins each. This is the same distribution. 
Yes, those 4 addresses are very rich, but the difference between “the rich people” and the median (“average joe”) is only 576 times. Compared to pretty much all fiat systems, that’s really not bad. 
Of course my example distribution is pretty unrealistic, but it nevertheless illustrates the concept well enough. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:50:53
There are a very large number of people here.  "33863 users here now" according to the sidebar as I write this.  So yes, there are "many" who intend to sell their BTC for fiat.  There are also "many" who don't intend to do so.
Other than cases of people both displaying "hate for fiat" *and* converting their BTC holdings to fiat, I don't see how your statement "Kind of contradictory eh boys?" follows.  The fact that my opinion contradicts someone else's is hardly a surprise.
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:33:59
I never said Heroin isn't addictive, it most certainly is, and  the withdrawals from a serious addiction can be pretty hellish from what I've seen.
However your answer is almost the perfect example of confirmation bias.  The only people that are likely to go to an addiction clinic are those with a serious problem.  Those who don't have a serious problem and find it easy to quit Heroin (or those who never got addicted in the first place despite use) simply never end up there.
@_date: 2017-11-24 06:12:47
Not necessarily true.  I don't think 1MB is "fine for now" but I'm firmly on the Bitcoin side of things.  I think we do need to consider how to scale the on-chain transactions as soon as possible.
That said, "as soon as possible" to me means roughly "once we've seen what the effects of other scaling solutions are; have a good plan in place; and plenty of time for everyone to prepare".  I'd hope it's within the next 3 to 5 years though, since my expectation is that it will be required by then to handle the number of transactions just for opening and closing Lightning Network channels.
@_date: 2019-06-04 09:19:03


"Corruption" implies something being different to the intended behaviour or purpose ("corrupted" from it).  In order for something to be corrupted, it therefore requires an intended behaviour or purpose.  I'd argue that Bitcoin has different purposes depending on who you are.  The behaviours are an emergent property of all users of it (emergent consensus).


Sure, some probably are.


Speak for yourself.  If I were trying to get rich, I'd probably spend some time learning about trading and the sociological responses of groups of naïve investors, and THEN go play that game with shitcoins that have far higher swings percentage-wise.
Would getting rich be nice?  Sure.  Is it why I'm interested in and actively involved in Bitcoin?  Not at all.
@_date: 2017-11-24 20:24:08
The question is whether or not that wallet really belongs to and (if not) whether she's even aware of this.
It would seem kind of creepy if she's not aware!
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:53:10
The wallet you are using is indeed functional, but due to the ownership/control of it being in the hands of someone that has flat-out stated he is against bitcoin itself, I would never in good conscience suggest anyone start using it or continue to use it.
Even with you having control of the private keys, there is nothing stopping the wallet itself (which also has access to the private keys of course) from acting maliciously.
Imagine if they provided an "update" to the wallet software that sent your coins to their system and gave you an altcoin in exchange.  You don't realise until find out when trying to actually use it, but by then it's too late.  You complain, but they tell you that "this altcoin is the real bitcoin; we just upgraded you".
While there is no evidence they're planning on doing this, it's certainly not outside the realms of possibility and would absolutely be in line with the *stated goals and intentions* of the people behind it.
@_date: 2019-02-04 15:23:54
Rent, food, VPN access, electronics... pretty much everything that I can.
For those things that I can't (best example off the top of my head being fueling my car), I use my credit card and then pay that off using Bitcoin.  That way, I never have to actually hold any fiat currency.
@_date: 2019-06-05 10:21:17
I hate the concept of this comparison, since even asking that question shows a fundamental misunderstanding of what Bitcoin is.
It's like asking, "what's better, Mastercard or Japanese Yen?"
Bitcoin is a currency.  PayPal is a service that allows you to pay (in many different currencies, but not Bitcoin (yet)) merchants, friends, or pretty much anyone that has an email address.
A better comparison would be Lightning vs PayPal, since both of them are payment networks.  PayPal for fiat currencies, and Lightning for Bitcoin (and occasionally other coins like Litecoin, but that's not as relevant).
Or alternatively, you could compare US Dollar vs Bitcoin, since both of them are currencies.
Simply, comparing "Bitcoin" and "Paypal" is senseless since they're different kinds of things are just aren't comparable.
@_date: 2019-06-05 09:06:28
The picture the OP gave is the example.
Let me break this down for you as best I can, since you seem either unable or unwilling to understand it (I'm going to use round numbers to make it simpler; not real values):
1. A product costs $10.00.  This is 1 mBTC on the open market.
2. Bitpay do a poor estimation of the necessary miner fee to get in the next block and calculate it at 0.2 mBTC, or $2.00.
3. Bitpay say, "There's a $2.00 'network fee', you must pay $12.00".  You therefore expect to pay a total of 1.2 mBTC.
4. Bitpay require that you make a transaction of $12.00 at the exchange rate they specify.
5. This exchange rate they give you is quite unfavourable compared to the open market, and so they require/ask for a payment of 1.3 mBTC instead (around $13 worth on the open market).
6. You - the customer - make the payment of 1.3 mBTC to the specified address; but in order to actually get it in a block, must choose to pay a miner fee.  You rely on a website that gives you very poor estimates as well (such as [ or [ and so also end up choosing to pay 0.2 mBTC.
7. You make the transaction, costing you a total of 1.5 mBTC ($15.00) for a $10.00 product.
To compare, this is the bare minimum of how it should go (for a 3rd party payment processor that doesn't use Lightning):
1. A product costs $10.00.  This is 1 mBTC on the open market.
2. The payment processor informs you that you are responsible for paying a network fee and that your transaction will not be marked as valid for the merchant until it confirms in a block.
3. The payment processor offers an exchange rate that is slightly favourable to them (since that's how they stay in business) and choose to charge you 1.01 mBTC.
4. You - the customer - make the payment of 1.01 mBTC.  You're still not clued up on network fees, so use the same bad estimator websites and choose to pay 0.2 mBTC in fees.
5. You make the transaction, costing you a total of 1.21 mBTC ($12.10) for a $10.00 product.
6. Any additional fees that are required for moving the payment around (UTXO consolidation, merchant payouts, etc) would be covered by a combination of the profits and fees charged to the merchant rather than the customer.
Good payment processors would:
* Offer Lightning Network payments to reduce costs ($10.00 product for \~1 mBTC in the above examples).
* Suggest what fees might be necessary for on-chain payments using a good estimator, but ultimately still leave it up to the customer.
* Support segwit (incl. using native segwit addresses for all internal activity) to reduce transaction fees.
* Inform the user as soon as the payment is seen on the network so they know it's "there", but with the note that the merchant won't provide the product (e.g. shipping of goods, access to service, etc) until x number of confirmations (I might deliberately choose a lower fee, knowing the merchant won't ship my product or provide access to the service for a day or so).
Merchants that do a lot of business should simply skip the payment processor entirely and take Bitcoin payments directly.  It's easy enough now and they get to avoid a whole bunch of fees while ensuring the best possible prices for their customers (and therefore having an advantage over competitors that use payment processors).
@_date: 2019-06-19 12:36:08
But the Bitcoin supply is defined. While it’s not all “in the market”, it’s a fixed number being released at a predetermined rate. This means you can treat it as a known and complete supply for all practical purposes.  This is extremely different in the case of USD.
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:38:51
I mostly hold it as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on [Steam](
- My yearly [VPN renewal](
- [Fast food]( orders
- A [couple]( of [local]( café/bar/restaurants
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
There are more options to me as well including [grocery delivery]( for example; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:59:37
It's brought up a lot, and debunked a lot, so I'm surprised you haven't seen it.
Inflationary currencies encourage spending by making your money worth less over time.  This is true.  Deflationary currencies encourage saving by making your money worth more over time.  This is also true.
However, this assumes that spending "for the sake of it" is good, which is an assumption that doesn't have a lot of evidence behind it.  I will always need to spend money.  Whether it be for necessities like food and shelter, or just to give myself a better life.
Consider this: Many goods are "more deflationary" than the fiat currency you use in daily life.  For example, a brand new computer/car/fridge/etc will lose value over time much faster than a pile of US dollars (at least at current and expected rates).  So why do people buy a new thing now instead of an older 'deflated value' one later?  Obviously it's because they value the utility of the computer/car/fridge/etc *now* more than the utility value lost by waiting until it is cheaper.
So, would a "world bitcoin economy" reduce spending?  Yes.  But I'd argue the spending it reduces is only the spending which was above and beyond what people should be spending anyway (it's clear this exists by the amount of private debt in most modern first world countries).  Spending will continue, but be reduced to those things that people either need or want enough that the value to them having it now is greater than the loss of future savings value increases.
It's also worth pointing out that the "massive" increases in value we've seen in bitcoin won't be sustained forever.  The greater the number of users, the lower the volatility.  If it reaches the point of being a "common currency" around the world (let alone a sole currency), it will likely be very stable in general and the deflation will be quite predictable (perhaps similar to the inverse of current inflation rates, but there's no way to easily predict that).
@_date: 2017-11-14 13:34:32
That doesn't change anything about what I said.
Bitcoin.com could release a new update on the (for example) Apple App Store with code that does the aforementioned 'swap'.  This may appear as an "update" that you do manually (and most users don't really think too much about) or in some cases even completely automatically.
There is no easy way to verify that the app on the App Store matches the open source code made available.  Mobile applications aren't as straightforwardly transparent as desktop apps and a *significant* number of users would be hit well before someone who knows what they're doing made it public.
There is also no need for the private keys to ever leave the device.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:29:47
Almost like there are different people here with differing opinions to each other... gee, who woulda thunk it?
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:00:51
Clarification required: Will the painting be of "a bitcoin on top of a mountain", or will you paint the picture (of "a bitcoin") while you yourself are on top of a mountain?
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:59:44


I think people who say this are either ignorant of what bitcoin is or mean something different by "backing" than I do.
To me, there is almost nothing backing most fiat currencies.  Their value only exists under the common agreement of their value.  Since they can be infinitely printed at the whim of a centralised authority, they're "backed" only by trust in this centralised authority not to screw everyone over.
Bitcoin is backed by mathematics/physics.  You can't fake it.  No one can unilaterally decide to change things and increase supply.  The value still depends on people finding it useful of course - if no one wanted it, it would be worth nothing, but that is equally true of EVERY currency.
Some may argue at this point that gold has 'inherent value' in that you can use it beyond its use as a currency - e.g. in electronics and jewellery.  While this is true, the two points to argue against this line of reasoning are that:  
a) Gold's price far outweighs its 'inherent value'.  
b) Bitcoin also has some 'inherent value' in terms of being an unalterable, global ledger that can prove authenticity of things with timestamping.  
Whether that's a use case that's interesting to you or not or whether its inherent value equals the price isn't really relevant (see point A about gold).
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:14:24
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:17:57
I never left change on Silk Road - I always transferred it back to me after a purchase.  So, my balance was in a wallet.dat on my HDD.
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:36:40


Why?  What's wrong with €1 fees on a €40 transaction?


Ah, so you're just a troll... noted.
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:01:50
In the very unlikely event that the transaction never gets included in to a block, then you'll see it back in your wallet since it never 'really' left (the UI implying it did is just the wallet behaviour to make it clear).
However no, it's never happened to me.  I did have to wait several blocks once (maybe around 2 hours total) and there was some kind of second warning email about delays, but it went through in the end and didn't cause any problems for me or the merchant.
However, to be clear, bitpay DO put their own fee on top and it's already included in the "pay this amount to this address" value.  You do have to pay that.  If you pay less than that, they'll simply refuse to consider it as having been paid.
@_date: 2017-11-24 19:53:39
Of course, if you'd put in $3650 365 days ago, it would now be worth $40638.
Sure, DCA may be 'safer', but if you're confident of a long term upward trend, it does make more sense to buy in more as early as possible (greater risk, greater reward).
Not that I'm actually advocating for the riskier option - that's a choice each individual should make for themselves - just pointing it out.
@_date: 2017-11-02 05:48:54
You're welcome.
Just to note, you typo'd my username in the credit.  If you wouldn't mind, could you please credit me as: *Dale Bewan, 'dalebewan' on reddit*?  Thanks.
@_date: 2019-02-25 12:26:45
It's amazing how many people think that others are paid shills.  There certainly are paid shills around, but if I actually got paid for everything I've been accused of getting paid for, I could probably quit my day job.
I personally prefer Ledger's user experience, and so stick with it for the moment.  I fully accept that Trezor has a fundamentally more trustworthy security model and also aligns more with my own values; but until Trezor can provide a better user experience, Ledger's poorer security model causes unacceptable risks for me, or Ledger's activities depart further from my values, I don't see a strong reason to switch.
@_date: 2019-02-02 12:58:21
Whether it's the best option to buy is TBD (it's too new to judge that fairly), but *no* custodial solution will ever be the best option to store bitcoin.  It is **not a wallet** and is therefore not an answer to the question that was asked.
Bison is strongly geared towards trading (not surprising for an app developed for the Stuttgart stock market) rather than usage.  If a trading app is what someone wants, then it might be great, but to give this as an answer to someone asking about wallets is not only "wrong" but in fact dangerously misleading.
@_date: 2017-11-09 20:50:43
Works for me, I'll just call it "human spirit" rather than "American spirit" though if you don't mind.
Nothing against America.  It's a great country for the most part with some pretty awesome people and some really nice ideas put forth during the nation's founding; but it certainly doesn't have the monopoly on freedom nor on spirit.
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:19:04
Are you asking about possibility or likelihood?
It's certainly possible.  Whether it's likely or not is something I wouldn't even try to guess at.  Speculation about the exchange rate against various fiat currencies is about as successful and interesting as speculation about the weather.
@_date: 2017-11-15 14:44:40
Actually, I'd say that calling it "Btrash" or similar looks childish (although I admit that the childish side of me did chuckle it at the first time I saw it); but "Bcash" isn't a slur or negative name, it's just an alternative name that avoids any confusion with Bitcoin.
To me, it's similar to how English switched the romanised name of 北京 from "Peking" to "Beijing" while languages such as German, French, Italian and so on kept "Peking" (or similar).  Neither is a 'bad word' or intended as an insult, they're just alternate names for the same thing with one deliberately crafted to reduce confusion.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:53:21
Nope... LSD for my wife and I. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 21:42:19
Much appreciated :)
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:36:06
Not every drug user is an addict...
@_date: 2017-11-24 12:19:35


Not to me.


I do.  And I'm a person.  Therefore people do.


No, it isn't.
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:22:44


I'm not sure this is true.  I think it's possible (although reasonably unlikely) for cryptocurrency in general to lose.  That is, Bitcoin loses, but so does Bitcoin cash, and so does Ether, and so does Litecoin, and so does Monero, and so on and so on.




If they were of equal merits, that would be true.  Depending on who you ask, you'll find wildly different estimates of the merits of each coin, but I think it's fair to say that them being "equally as good as each other" (thereby making it 50% odds) is extraordinarily unlikely.


I do actually completely agree with this, but I fail to see why you assume that if something isn't 100% it must be 50%.
@_date: 2017-11-15 06:22:21
No.  xlcd taught everyone how to use secure passwords.  Now everyone uses "correct horse battery staple".
@_date: 2019-12-29 19:32:38


Et tu Brute...


That sentence is functionally equivalent to saying "*if people stopped eating corn and thinking gold is beautiful, you can still immutably exchange Bitcoin.*"
You can argue about what is more likely, but that's not the point.  All you're saying is that if someone stops valuing the thing, it has no value anymore.  It's a tautology.
@_date: 2017-11-24 12:07:13
Bitpay do add their own fee on top which is definitely somewhere in rip-off territory, but they can't force you to use a particular miner fee from your end.  Some of the merchants I regularly spend bitcoin with unfortunately use bitpay, and I always set my own fees to whatever is reasonable at the time (generally somewhere around 10sat/B).
I always get warning notifications about "OMG low fee! might not confirm! blah blah", but that's entirely bitpay's logic generating those and not tied to reality at all.
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:52:49
Essentially true, and indeed I wouldn't recommend storing a large amount in a mobile wallet of any kind (the vast majority of my coins are in cold storage; my mobile wallet is only used for day-to-day purchases).
However, I think bitcoin.com's wallet deserves a greater level of concern based on the stated desires and intentions of the organisation behind it.  I consider the risk to be significantly higher than with a company that has not made statements to the effect that an altcoin is 'the real bitcoin'.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:11:53


You're talking about fees?  I don't spend outrageous amounts on fees, so that doesn't seem particularly relevant to me.


I re-buy what I spend as a general rule.  But overall, it sounds like you're arguing that deflationary currencies "only get hoarded and never spent".  I think this is a very shortsighted view.  I wrote the following a while ago to someone else saying the same thing:










--- 
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:57:59
This question gets asked a *lot*.  You could just search to see if it's been asked before...
But, to answer your question with a copy/paste from the last time someone asked:
I mostly hold it as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on [Steam](
- My yearly [VPN renewal](
- [Fast food]( orders
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
There are more options to me as well including [grocery delivery]( a couple of cafes and bars near to where I live, and so on; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:04:19
No problem at all.  Go for it.
@_date: 2019-12-31 09:14:19
I can't show evidence either way, but I'd also want to be careful with terms like "disproportionately", because it will depend greatly on what proportions of things you're looking at.  I also don't think anyone specifically talked about "ransomware" and "twitter crypto scams" until you mentioned them just now.  Those are definitely not the only kinds of scams that exist and limiting the hypothetical to those will definitely skew the numbers significantly.
**To clarify the proportions thing:**
If ten old people got scammed and a thousand young people got scammed, you could easily say that young people are scammed much more.  But if there are only fifty old people in the total group and ten-thousand young people, then as a percentage, old people are being scammed twice as much.  It's all a matter of determining what group of people you're actually talking about.
This gets more difficult when talking about these kinds of scams, because it's not clear how the groups should be determined.  You might be tempted to first only look at active users/owners of cryptocurrency, but that would miss out the trope example of "old lady who is duped in to buying and sending Bitcoin to a scammer" since she's not an active user before that.  You might also be tempted to look at "all people in the world", but since the targets of these scams aren't likely to be evenly distributed either (there's not much point in trying to scam a Somalian goat-herder's mother out of her life savings), that's also probably not a good grouping.
**To clarify the types-of-scam thing:**
Again, I have no evidence either way, but I think it's reasonably certain that there are some types of scams that are targeted more towards younger people who already own cryptocurrencies and thus hit younger people more often, while there are other scams that are targeted towards older people who don't own cryptocurrencies and thus hit older people more often.
Which type of scam is more prevalent or successful (either by percentage or total number), I have no idea.  Relatedly, I therefore also have no idea whether young people or old people are falling for scams "in general" more often.  I can however be reasonably certain that scams targeted at one particular group are going to be more successful against that group than scams that aren't; AND that there most certainly are scams directed at older people because of the factors I mentioned.
@_date: 2019-12-09 09:53:53


By default, but it doesn't have to be.  For it to be non-custodial, you need to run your own lnd plus the lndhub wrapper software.  It's definitely not "noob friendly", but it does work and does offer quite a lot of flexibility.
I already wrote in another answer ([here]( about my suggestions for iOS.
@_date: 2017-11-24 12:44:01
So set your fee manually.  Wallets - including Ledger - tend to overestimate fees quite dramatically.
@_date: 2017-11-05 22:10:00
I've posted it multiple times before, so [here's a link]( instead of me just repeating myself.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:39:30
*Who determines fees is*: **the people paying them**.
*Who determines which transactions are included in blocks is*: **the miners**.
This is a subtle but important distinction.  Miners will generally choose the transactions with the highest fees, so paying a higher fee than the other currently waiting transactions means you're more likely to get your transaction in the next block.  However, since the number of transactions in a block is somewhere on the order of two thousand (it does vary a lot though for reasons I won't go in to here), if you assume that miners will pick the top 2000 or so transactions with the highest fees, you really don't need to aim to pay more than everyone else.  If you're willing to wait a few blocks, you can get away with paying a pretty low fee even.  A block is mined on average every 10 minutes.
Most good wallet software will let you set a fee manually.  Less good wallets offer choices like "low", "medium", and "high".  Bad wallets offer no choices at all.  The fees selected to be paid by wallets that choose for you are totally at the discretion of the provider of the wallet, usually using some kind of algorithm based on what the current backlog of transactions (the mempool) looks like.  The vast majority estimate much too high, which is why you see a lot of people complaining about high fees.
When there are a very large number of very low fee transactions in the mempool, it can look scary to some people and some software will estimate even higher fees as being required.  This is however completely incorrect.  As per my description above, you only need to be in the top 2000 or so to be essentially guaranteed a spot in the next block.  A bit less and you might not be in the next block but may well be within the next few blocks.
Miners can choose to mine any transactions they like, but in the absence of other motivating factors (such as processing their own transactions with no fee) usually just pick the highest fees since this maximises their profits.  You could do the same if you were a miner, however without a very large number of expensive ASIC (application specific integrated circuit) based mining hardware, you will not be able to compete with the large miners to really be able to choose to prioritise your own transactions in any significant way.  This would cost you multiple millions of dollars.
@_date: 2019-02-24 17:35:44
If you're measuring "profit" in fiat currencies like the dollar, you've missed the point entirely.
Now, I own some BTC.  It is more BTC than I owned 10 years ago (which was zero).  Therefore I am up by that amount of BTC.
The amount of euro, dollars, yen, pounds, or whatever that I could exchange it for is meaningless, especially since the amount of "stuff" I can buy with the local fiat currency (euro) keeps dropping per unit.  Nine years ago, €50 bought a lot more than it does today.  Nine years from now, it will buy even less (by design!).  Nine years ago, 500 BTC was nearly worthless.  Now, 500 BTC is enough to be considered quite wealthy.  Imagine where BTC will be nine years from now.
@_date: 2019-12-17 12:16:58
Why do you think drugs are about "escapism"?
I won't deny that some drugs are used by some people for this purpose, but extrapolating that to a general rule - or even a majority - is completely unfounded and not backed up by any of the sociological evidence available.
Just as one example, I wrote the book ([quite literally]( on the use of LSD for self discovery.  That's essentially the polar opposite of escapism.
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:14:31


That depends very much where in the world you live and what banking institutions you use.  Here in Germany for example, my bank is directly partnered with the primary bitcoin exchange that I use, so not only do they really don't mind money flowing between my account and the exchange, they helpfully provide direct UI integration and an API to make it easy to do so.
While I'm well aware that most places in the world don't have something like this available, I wouldn't doubt for a moment that in the vast majority of the world there will be banks or bank-like institutions (e.g. credit unions) that will not have any problems with your bitcoin activity.
I see from your other replies to various people that the banks in your country are very unfriendly towards bitcoin; however since you never said specifically what country that is, no one can give you more specific advice.  The general case in most of the world is "it's really no problem", so if you want help with your specific case, you'll need to provide more specific information.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:37:39
Or they're sending an amount from lots of inputs.
Right now, I've got a ~$4 fee transaction waiting to clear that I know is going to take a while (it's low priority).  I'm totally okay with that though, because it's a lot of inputs and it's actually only a 10sat/byte fee (plus the total value being transferred is well over 1BTC, so those few satoshi are minuscule in context).
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:27:51
I mostly hold it as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on [Steam](
- My yearly [VPN renewal](
- [Fast food]( orders
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
There are more options to me as well including [grocery delivery]( a couple of cafes and bars near to where I live, and so on; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:22:27
I think the problem perhaps comes in the interpretation of first term of the bet.  It's "*transaction to LN sending funds*", which I interpreted as "making the payment to the target described in term 2 ("*LN wallet connected to some candy machine or whatever you want*")"; however it seems that it may have been intended that term 1 was actually "open an LN channel" and term 2 was "make payment".
I'd say the language of the bet was too unclear, since I can see both interpretations as being possible, but still lean more towards my original interpretation since only one term describes sending money, which really has to be the transaction for the purchase.
@_date: 2017-11-01 04:46:26
I remember seeing some concern about this a while ago, but nothing has ever come of it.  I've had plenty of "tainted" coins myself which could quite easily be traced back to activity on Dark Net Market addresses.  I've never had a problem transferring them to/from exchanges.  I truly think they just don't care in the exact same way that some of the cash in your wallet right now has quite likely got cocaine residue on it and no shop or bank will care.
@_date: 2019-06-05 11:55:06
There's no evidence I can get my money out... out of what? my money? His sentence isn't even coherent.
@_date: 2017-11-09 22:06:13
Thanks, I hope it helps, but I won't hold my breath.
@_date: 2017-11-09 20:30:54
I'm actually still a bit annoyed at Amazon for that.  I reported that review since bad reviews do reduce the book's visibility and clearly it's not a fault of my book if someone buys it by mistake when looking for something else.
At least the other reviews are all pretty good, and there are a couple of comments on that review in my favour.
@_date: 2017-11-09 20:24:01
If I bought drugs with every book sale, I'd almost certainly be either dead or in prison by now... so no, probably not.  Considering my typical monthly expenses, any money selected at random from my income is by far most likely to go towards my kids' education (they're both in private school).
But if you're asking because you want me to, then sure - I was thinking of having another 2C-B experience some time in the Christmas holidays since it's been well over a year since I last had it, and it is really quite an enjoyable drug.  By chance one book sale's profit worth of 2C-B happens to be a pretty good dosage, so that would work out quite nicely to consider you as 'sponsoring' the experience.
@_date: 2019-06-22 19:23:44
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:44:26


No offence taken... but I'm confused by the statement.  Reputable IT companies (not just "dot coms") have generally done well since then.  There was a clear bubble when you look at stock price histories, but that doesn't mean they all just died.


Yep, that still seems to be true today in fact.


Because the value of bitcoin is *not* based solely on speculation.  As I said in my post, there is a lot of speculation and it does cause volatility in the price - essentially mini-bubbles within the overall trend - but since there is inherent and unique value, the price should reflect this.
It is possible of course for the inherent and unique value to be replaced by something else, and so yes, it could all crash down to nothing.  However I don't see any practical way for that to happen at the moment.  The main value of bitcoin compared to other cryptocurrencies is the size of the network (making it inherently more secure because that's how blockchains work).  This is kind of a self-reinforcing factor for the most part and would take something pretty significant to change it.  If something comes along that actually does "dethrone" bitcoin, there should be enough warning signs to move my liquidity over to that instead, but again, I still can't see any realistic way for that to happen right now.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:20:48
Snorting cocaine through bills is generally a bad idea anyway.  There can be a lot of nasty things on currency that can cause quite serious infections in the nasal cavities.
I recommend using a cut-off piece of a drinking straw that came individually wrapped (such as from McDonalds in most, but not all, countries).
@_date: 2019-02-11 04:43:48
Short answer: Probably.
Longer answer:
You shouldn't be looking at ROI in terms of dollars.  One dollar now is worth much less than one dollar twenty years ago.  Twenty years from now, 1 BTC may be worth $1 million, but that doesn't say much if you don't know what $1 million is capable of buying (maybe it'll be similar to a million right now, or maybe it'll be around the value of a Big Mac).
Personally however, I am reasonably sure that the purchasing power of BTC will rise dramatically over time (when looking at longer time scales, not necessarily anything less than two years).  I would not be surprised if 1 BTC were enough to live a comfortable life by the time I retire (about 20 to 30 years from now).
This is actually less important to me than something else I am reasonably sure of though: I do not think that the current financial system of debt based fiat is stable over the long term.  If not within my lifetime, then almost definitely within that of my children, I foresee a complete collapse of all current fiat currencies.  I really can't estimate when.  It could be within the next ten years, or things could keep limping along for another 60 years or even more.  But regardless, at some point, dollars, euro, yen, pounds, yuan, and all the rest of them will worthless.
Investments in "real things" like housing, farmland, and machinery are likely a good idea, as are investments in things like companies that create fundamental infrastructure and value (I'm assuming a serious financial crisis but not a complete loss of all society, in which case the only investments that make sense would be canned food and weapons; but I don't imagine it ever really coming to that).
Bitcoin can not be hyperinflated.  If you own 1 BTC, you own 1/21000000 of all BTC that can ever exist.  In this future I've described where fiat becomes worthless, the only realistic possible values for Bitcoin are zero (no one uses it) or so valuable that 1 BTC makes you the equivalent of the oil barons and Fortune 500 CEOs of today.
Regardless of what happens to BTC, one thing I can say with relative surety: holding money in fiat is an almost guaranteed way to lose value over time.  So you should put it in something.  To me, BTC seems like one of the best choices, but I also wouldn't fault you for buying land or shares in an energy company.
Note that all of the above doesn't even begin to touch on why I personally use BTC as my day to day currency and why I expect it "will have value" rather than "will have no value" in that future I described.  That's a whole other side of the story and this answer is already long enough.  If you're not familiar with the reasons that BTC is "better money" though, I'd be happy to give you my thoughts on that as well.
@_date: 2017-11-05 08:06:34


Your original wording definitely did sound that way, but I'll accept that it might not be the case.


I have never seen that argument used anywhere.  I trust the core devs more than any current side projects because of development philosophy, proven experience, and diversity of the team.  If all the non-Blockstream devs left for another project, I'd be much more wary of it and might even consider forking it myself (with a 100% compatible fork at first, but checking every change myself before accepting it in to my branch so that I could reject malicious changes on my node (and hopefully others would be interested in joining my fork were that to happen)).


Could you explain this in more detail?  I completely agree that segwit is irreversible in practice (thankfully).  But from my perspective, segwit doesn't introduce any vulnerabilities and has been checked by independent skilled individuals quite significantly.  I guess I just don't understand what you mean by "*outside parties' implementation of it*".


Yes and no.  It was done at a time when the project was much smaller than it is now.  He implemented it in the code, but it was open and visible to everyone interested and could/would have been rejected had it been an idea that no one agreed with.
Now that the project is larger, things don't get pushed in to the code at all without an approval/agreement process.  This isn't any different in terms of what code eventually gets used since under both scenarios there is opportunity for anyone to review it, but just improves the process of how the code makes it in by avoiding having to revert unwanted changes by simply not allowing them to begin with.
@_date: 2019-12-29 18:37:39
Bitcoin is money.  You can earn it and spend it, not just "buy" and "sell" for fiat.
@_date: 2017-11-19 21:10:51
I think they're a bunch of guys who are doing a damned good job given the difficult task they've got.
Do they do a perfect job?  Nope.  Do they sometimes remove posts that I wouldn't, or let posts through that I wouldn't? Yeah.  But overall, I agree with their policies and practices and I too would definitely buy them a beer (or any other alcohol beverage of their choosing) if I ran across any of them in a pub.
@_date: 2019-10-15 09:33:50


This part doesn't make sense.  Transaction fees are chosen by the creator of the transaction, no one else.  If the network has a low number of transactions, the transaction fees necessary for a miner to take the transaction in to a block in a reasonable period of time tend to be lower, not higher.


I'm guessing English isn't your first language and you meant something like, "people will stop transacting".  If you didn't mean that, please explain (I'm assuming you didn't mean that they would forcefully take other people's transactions off them without permission).
Assuming you did mean that: This is similar to the argument, "that restaurant has gotten too popular and it's always booked out months in advance, so no one goes there anymore".  It doesn't really make sense.  Some people will stop or reduce the number of their transactions (on-chain) if the fees for inclusion in a block in a reasonable amount of time become too high for the transactions they want to conduct, but if enough people do so, then the fees drop again to reach a level that enough people are willing to pay for.  It's a self-balancing system.
Meanwhile, alternatives to on-chain transactions exist.  Even at the lowest (generally accepted for broadcast) fee of 1sat/byte, the current value of Bitcoin makes the fees too high for me to want to buy a packet of chewing gum with Bitcoin on-chain.  If the value of Bitcoin goes up 10x from here, I probably would no longer be comfortable buying a cup of coffee on-chain.  If it goes up 100x, I wouldn't want to do grocery shopping on-chain.  For this reason, second layer technologies like the Lightning Network exist, where you can make many hundreds, thousands, or potentially even millions and beyond of transactions without paying on-chain fees for each one.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:41:15
Tulips: Little to no inherent value.  
Bitcoin: Inherent value of being a global, immutable, ledger.
Tulips: Infinitely replicable with time.  
Bitcoin: Finite supply defined in the very heart of the system.
Tulips: Difficult to transfer to someone else at a distance.  
Bitcoin: Can be transferred nearly instantly anywhere in the world.
Tulips: Decay if not taken care of.  
Bitcoin: Never decays.
Tulips: Relatively easy to fake (especially the bulbs).  
Bitcoin: Impossible to fake.
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:28:45


This is the entire point of a logarithmic scale.  To show that a move of 10 to 20 is the same kind of move as 100 to 200 or 1000 to 2000.


Now you're just changing the goalposts because you were wrong.  Seriously, I'm don't think I'm going to bother replying to this thread after this one unless you can start making some coherent points.


Yes it does.  It has the most accumulated proof of work and the largest/most distributed network.  These are the fundamental aspects that make it valuable.  You can copy bitcoin and start the exact same technology from scratch and it will be worthless beside bitcoin because of this.  Don't assume that all of the value of a piece of software comes from its code and is therefore easily replicable.


This is such an idiotic argument that is spouted far too often, even by those who should know better.  I spend bitcoin often and other people would as well.  Why? Because I want stuff.  I need food in my belly and a roof over my head.  I want a nice car.  I want to go on interesting holidays with my wife and children.  Basically, I want to live my life.  Doing this takes money.  So yes, I could save it up longer and watch the value grow, but then I'll die rich and unhappy, having never done anything with my money.
Inflationary currencies are said to encourage spending, but what they really do is encourage *wasting* money on things that people don't really want/need because their money won't buy as much tomorrow as it does today.  Deflationary systems do indeed discourage spending, but it's not going to stop people buying the things they need and indeed the things they *really* want.
@_date: 2019-02-11 14:39:25
Doing something before something else occurs requires knowledge of that thing occurring.  No one has ever presented a reliable way to determine the future of complex systems such as trading markets.  Therefore your analogies of rain's wetness and grass's greenness are grossly misleading.
Selling before the price goes down and buying before the price goes up are definitely profitable, but they can only be viewed as rational in hindsight because the price movements were not predictable with any kind of certainty.
For those of us who prefer not to gamble, simply *not selling* is far safer to our BTC balances.  We miss out on potential gains from gambling but also avoid potential loss.
@_date: 2019-12-30 12:12:25
I agree with Ayn Rand when it comes to most aspects of libertarianism; I strongly disagree with her when it comes to her views on human psychology (she refuses to accept that humans are inherently social animals and thus thrive best when in social relationships rather than being everyone-for-themselves); and although I'm fine with the passage quoted to an extent, her general economic views are pretty unrefined compared to the more astute libertarian economic thinkers (e.g. the more well known Austrian economists).
Here's a quote from her to show just how anti-social she really was:


Here, she presupposes a kind of directed evolution towards individualism, but reality points to the exact opposite.  We are increasingly social as our numbers grow and our technology brings us together.  The very existence of the internet and platforms on it such as reddit are testament to this.  The libertarian concept of the non-aggression principle is rooted in it.  We **are** social creatures and systems we build - even those which espouse individual freedom - must take this in to account or ultimately fail.
To me, any Bitcoiner who does not accept this must experience extreme cognitive dissonance when actually examining their views.  Money itself is a social activity!
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:35:13
I mostly hold it as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on [Steam](
- My yearly [VPN renewal](
- [Fast food]( orders
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
There are more options to me as well including [grocery delivery]( a couple of cafes and bars near to where I live, and so on; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2019-12-01 00:53:01
Ethereum is a scam.  Monero is a project with its heart in the right place, but will ultimately fail as it becomes increasingly less relevant each time Bitcoin gets additional privacy capabilities.
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:20:25
And I assume from this, that you will know when that happens rather than only being able to see it in hindsight like everyone else?
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:38:41
However in order for people to use it as a store of value, they have to be aware of it.  Paying for things in bitcoin increases the awareness of it and ultimately the number of people that will use it as a store of value.
If Satoshi had never published his white paper and instead just mined on his own computer and a few friends, what do you think bitcoin would be worth today?  Increased awareness is the *primary* way that the value increases at this early stage.
Right now, I wouldn't pay a $2.50 debt on-chain.  The fees aren't worth it.  I'll happily pay a $25 debt on-chain.  Maybe a year from now, that won't be the case anymore, and I'll only be willing to pay $250 debts on-chain.  Not because the satoshis per byte is increasing but simply that the value of a satoshi is increasing.  But as long as I am able to use it like this, I will.
I'm careful to say "on chain" because I think that off-chain transactions will eventually remove the need to do anything on-chain other than settlement.
@_date: 2017-11-01 06:08:58
I'll agree that those use cases have declined, but definitely not disappeared.  I generally order pizza/home delivery using bitcoin, buy games on Steam, do my yearly VPN renewal, and so on.  Essentially, for any spend of over about €20, I don't consider the current fees to be too high at all.
I do expect the fees when measured in fiat to continue to rise for on-chain transactions and my current use-cases to get priced-out.  This is a side effect of the value increase more than anything though (0.0005 BTC is a lot more today in fiat terms than it was at this time last year).
Increasing the block size may very temporarily ease that, but it'd be back to the same problem in a very short space of time.  While I believe we could handle a simple doubling once (not without pain, but still workable), I don't think we could handle more than that very well at all.  Therefore it's irresponsible at this stage to simply increase the blocksize and instead I strongly support and encourage all other efforts (including, but not limited to, second-layer solutions).
@_date: 2019-12-12 19:43:53
Drop all your fiat and you'll also lose the same worry.  No need to worry about fiat pricing when you don't care about fiat.
@_date: 2019-12-17 12:05:54
I have no idea.  However, I recommend you simply forget it exists.  It's a custodial website, which means it's essentially someone else (that you don't know) holding your money for you and promising to transfer it around on your behalf.  This is indeed as bad of an idea as it sounds.
Even if they have a "delete account" function somewhere, there are no guarantees they're actually going to remove any data they have about you.  Move any Bitcoin you own to a wallet that is 100% under your control (i.e. it doesn't require being online to create your private key and gives you a list of words as a backup for that key), then just forget that that website ever existed.  If they spam your email (assuming you made the mistake of giving that to them), adding a spam filter is the best approach.
@_date: 2019-12-01 00:49:45
If I could pay my utility bills in Bitcoin, I could close my bank account.  Everything else, I'm good.
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:30:50
No, you're not an idiot for asking advice; you're an idiot for thinking that anyone can give you a meaningful answer to that question.
@_date: 2019-02-02 10:33:31
I do feel sorry for you, and I know it's too late now, but: Hardware wallets are not the only way to store your bitcoin yourself.  You *did* have choices other than leaving it on a US exchange, you just weren't aware of them.  Whatever device you used to post this could also have a non-custodial wallet on it.  For security if it's a shared device, you could even create the wallet, write down the seed words, and then **delete the wallet**.  The seed words *are* your bitcoin private key.
The user experience of bitcoin still has a long way to go to make this kind of thing easier and more obvious.  Until then, there will always be stories like yours of people getting screwed over or making mistakes that could have been prevented.  So, it's not your fault, but you're also wrong that you had no other choice.
@_date: 2019-06-21 19:59:27
You're right, but missing the point.  I already said it in my comment that you're replying to: You can't have a single chain, but this isn't a problem.  It's still Bitcoin, just on more than one chain.
If you only think of bitcoin as being UTXOs recorded on the single current Bitcoin blockchain, you're missing the bigger picture.  Bitcoin's blockchain is the ultimate arbiter and settlement layer, but there's no reason that bitcoin can't be transacted without writing to the chain as long as those transactions reference underlying transactions and are ultimately able to be settled there.  This is how Lightning works and how I'd consider it best to build planetary sidechains.
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:22:20
I'm totally open to legitimate cases against Bitcoin adoption; but I fail to see how this issue has ANYTHING to do with Bitcoin.
Someone sending fiat to a centralised system might not be credited by that system... okay... and this has *what* exactly to do with Bitcoin?  Oh, they were going to exchange that fiat for Bitcoin on that centralised system?  That's like saying cars suck because there are dodgy used car salesmen.
@_date: 2019-06-21 20:49:57
Where did I give that impression?  No, a centralised entity is not required.  Anyone is able to perform a settlement transaction between the two chains if they have the necessary technology to communicate between the two interplanetary bodies.
Like I said in my initial reply, it's functionally similar to an atomic swap (e.g. exchanging x amount of BTC for y amount of LTC), which also doesn't require a centralised entity - it only requires your ability to interact with both chains.  The only difference would be that you'd be exchanging x amount of BTC for x amount of BTC on a different chain.  The total amount of BTC on the earth chain would "technically" remain at 21 million while other chains also record a positive balance, making it look like there's more than 21 million in existence; however the balance of all chains other than earth would be reflected in outputs that are unspendable on the main chain without those other chains provably sending them back, keeping the total spendable amount at the fixed limit.
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:00:11
Beautiful explanation.  Nothing new to me, but much more elegantly described than I could do.
I really was just meaning "for all practical intents and purposes in the short to medium term of our civilisation" when talking about energy use.  If we ever get to the point that we're at the point that we're outliving stars, I hope our science will be so far advanced that it really is indistinguishable from magic from our current perspective.
@_date: 2019-12-29 19:07:26
That's what I was pointing out to who didn't seem aware of that possibility.
@_date: 2019-06-05 11:51:37
Here's what would happen:
1. As soon as someone realised what was happening, they'd post about it online and within a day or so, security researchers would be showing absolute proof.
2. People would stop using their ledger devices and either import their seed phrase in to another wallet when they wanted access to their funds or simply use their Ledger device without updating the firmware.  Most users would be completely unaffected since most users don't actually connect their Ledger device very often and would see the online posts about it and simple "what to do" guides before they could be affected by it.
3. Ledger's entire management and the person who bribed them would face serious criminal charges.
4. Ledger would go out of business and lose far more in the long run than they gained through this stunt.
5. Trezor's sales would go up.
I'm actually not even certain it's technically possible given the way the Ledger devices are built: the code to steal the private keys might not even really fit in the memory area of the firmware update and still have a functional device... Even it it's possible, it definitely couldn't be well hidden and would be trivial to notice what's happening when it does.   
 Even assuming it is possible, I really don't see the impact as being very significant at all.
@_date: 2019-06-21 19:46:01


Sorry, but when people say this and don't actually supply the math, I don't believe them.
Describe the problem as you see it and then we can have a real conversation.
Regarding another comment you've made in the thread:


This just means you can't have a single chain.  I don't see why you couldn't have side-chains per planet though, each one with its own second layers for daily transactions and settlements on the planetary chain.  Those planetary chains then settle with each other as needed for interplanetary commerce.
Don't worry about the speed of the settlement being too slow in this case either: it's equally as fast as any other planetary information transfer.
There's also no reason individuals couldn't have second-layer clients interacting with the second layer of a planetary chain e.g. I have my lightning network client talking to the Mars LN while still sitting on earth.  Behind the scenes, payments are treated somewhat like atomic swaps, but since they're BTC on both sides, you wouldn't even notice.  At longer distances (interstellar), there would be more risk again from things like channel closure, but I'd argue that an interstellar currency isn't something humanity needs or that we could even continue to call ourselves a single species after separating ourselves like that.
@_date: 2019-06-19 03:36:06
Not true, because 1 USD != 1 USD when viewed in the context of all USD that exist.
Put another way: 1 Bitcoin always equals 1/2.1x10^(7) of all Bitcoin; whereas 1 USD = \~1/1.5x10^(13) of all USD right now but could easily be 1/1.5x10^(14) within a few years.  1 USD now is worth more than 1 USD in the future when measured in USD, whereas 1 BTC always equals 1 BTC when measured in BTC.
@_date: 2019-02-08 12:03:15


Both my kids have bitcoin - a savings amount that I gifted when they were born (2011 and 2014 respectively) and that only I have access to - and my older child gets half her pocket money in bitcoin, which she's more than happy to spend on whatever she wants.
Just because you can't imagine it, doesn't mean the next generation can't.
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:04:18
Absolutely.  And for those of us who had connections since the mid eighties (and probably those who had them earlier, but I can't speak on their behalf), it was **painfully** obvious at the time.
No amount of arguing about the revolutionary potential of it could convince anyone from the earlier generations.  Now however, it's almost unthinkable in developed countries not to be able to pull out your phone and Google for some bit of information you need to access.
We've stepped beyond most of our wildest dreams from the 80s as to where internet technology could take us.  I look forward to the same happening with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:07:31
Since we're talking about bitcoin here (your water example was - unless I'm mistaken - intended as an analogy), limited supply is a built-in feature.
That only leaves "demand" which I'll agree is less easy to argue for directly other than simply to point out that it seems to be true currently and the reasons that I personally demand it now will likely to continue to remain true, so I assume (based on me being "nobody special") this also holds true for most others that demand it.
@_date: 2017-11-01 05:38:16
To the negative commenters: For normal everyday small amounts of bitcoin purchased in an uncontroversial way, this offer is uninteresting.
However what you might be missing is that without a good escrow service, some types of bitcoin transaction may be too difficult, risky, or expensive to carry out.
I think these guys are offering a valuable service for those who do need it.  Just because you don't, you shouldn't assume that no one does.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:12:41


Bitcoin is divisible up to 8 decimal places.  In common parlance, we call this unit the "satoshi".
One satoshi is currently valued at around one one-hundredth of a cent.  That is, 1 cent will get you 100 satoshi.  I'd call that pretty damned affordable by anyone really.


But unlike traditional fiat money, bitcoin can't be created at will by a central bank.  Which means that if I have 1BTC, I know - with 100% certainty - that I own one 21 millionth of the economy.  If I have 1 US dollar right now on the other hand, whatever fraction of the economy it is, it will be a smaller fraction tomorrow as the federal reserve keeps on creating more.


The bitcoin ledger is public.  This is provably false.
@_date: 2019-06-16 15:56:15
Merchants can and should be switching to Lightning Network or other second layers.
That said, I don't think there's enough support for smaller blocks for it to be sensible and I also don't see enough of an advantage to switch down to smaller blocks at this stage.  If we were already using 300kb blocks, I'd probably be arguing against increasing beyond that immediately, but decreasing doesn't offer enough advantages (in my view) to warrant the inevitable social pains of doing so.
@_date: 2019-02-26 11:28:46
Bitcoin has a defined algorithm for inflation that will decrease over time to zero (at which point, it’s non-inflationary). For practical purposes however, it will act *deflationary* in almost every regard much sooner (and often already does) as the demand increase massively outstrips the defined supply increase (which - as said - decreases over time). 
There will only ever be just a bit under 21 million BTC. There is no limit to the number of dollars, euro, yen, pounds and so on that can exist. You can therefore describe it as “Bitcoin has bounded and temporary inflation, unlike fiat which has unbounded, unlimited inflation”. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:19:02
Yep, that's my book.
@_date: 2019-10-15 12:33:27
I don't consider regulation to have any kind of long-term impact worth worrying about.  It's a short-term impediment, but eventually the state finds itself in a "if you can't beat em, join em" situation and removes regulation that only harms itself.
Bitcoin is already too large and powerful for any government to effectively fight it.  As Andreas Antonopoulos put it, "You can't take bitcoin out of your country, but you can take your country out of bitcoin".
I'm happy for the people to fight against bad regulation, and I'll do the same.  But only because I want the society I live in to be the best it can be, not because I have any concerns that Bitcoin would be significantly hindered in any meaningful way.
@_date: 2019-06-05 11:43:20
So... let me get this straight... I'm supposed to send these guys my bitcoin, let them play the markets and try to make more, and then I can withdraw the earnings (which they estimate at a bit over 4% every day, but don't guarantee it).  Should I choose to take my initial deposit out, they'll charge me 5% for doing so.
Assuming all of that is correct, then if they're:
a) correct about the daily percentage
b) honest
then this could be considered a very good deal.
However, I see no reason to think either of these things are true.  If they lose their customers bitcoin, they're under no obligation to pay out.  They have no obligation to prove their earnings to "investors" and don't talk about their cut.  They're actively lying in a couple of points where they say "... *minimizes the risks to zero.*" and "*ensure only profitable investment*.".
They specifically state that withdrawals of over 0.1BTC can't be processed instantly.  They may therefore hold your BTC longer than you'd like.
They could *extremely* easily perform an exit scam and run away with everyone's money.  Potentially even legally if they're clever about it.
Anyone who puts their money in to something like this pretty much deserves to be ripped off.
@_date: 2017-11-17 05:09:44
It's generally done by either pools of miners or dedicated large "farms".
All mining is is processing transactions and it's a "race" to mine the next block, so in theory even a tiny single miner *could* mine a block on their own without being in a pool.  Since there's no mathematical way to actually game the system though, it averages out to splitting the rewards based on hashing power.  If you had a single Antminer S9 (the current "best" on the open market, retail price from manufacturer: $1415) and tried mining without being in a pool, your chances of mining a block on your own any time in the next 10 years is slim to none and so you'd join a pool to add your power to that and get a split of the block reward/fees (but wouldn't get to choose what transactions you collectively mine).
The best way to make a difference to the transaction fees is to forget all about mining and simply avoid paying ridiculously high fees yourself.  If everyone is paying very high fees, then yes, you'll also need to pay high fees to get in.  But that pressure is artificial and unnecessary.  If everyone chooses to pay lower fees then until there really is REAL fee pressure from people wanting to prioritise transactions quickly, then they'll be much much cheaper on average.
A good place to start is charts like [this](  However be careful of what it's really saying.  There is a statement below the chart (at the time I am writing this) suggesting to pay 470 satoshi/byte as the "fastest/cheapest".  This is insanely high and expensive.  Instead, from the actual values on the chart it should be clear that any fee over 30 satoshi/byte should make it in to the next few blocks.
For reference, for a normal transaction of 226 bytes (note that the number of coins being sent is irrelevant; what matters is how many unique inputs there were to build this output), 470sat/b would be $8.38 at current exchange rates.  30sat/b would be $0.54 at current exchange rates.
@_date: 2019-02-12 09:09:35
Except that that banker is blindfolded and doesn't know if the money you're handing him came from you or is just being passed along.  He also doesn't know if the person he's handing it to is the recipient, or just another link the chain.
The data he can pass on to others is essentially meaningless.
@_date: 2019-12-21 05:09:20
bitWallet, but not in a nice way.  The UI is just really basic and requires that you do nearly everything manually (even having to manually specify your change address if you don't want to reuse addresses!).  The side effect is that you get to do coin control, but I don't think it was a deliberate design choice!
@_date: 2017-11-15 20:29:43
Drugs got in to me because of BTC. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:36:12


You're aware of the meaning of the word "permanent", right?
Will the population continue to grow indefinitely?  This seems unlikely, especially given population trends and expert analysis [^(\[reference\])](
Once population is stable or even decreasing, the only ways that the currency would continue to be deflationary are:
1. The population continues to become more efficient as a whole, creating more economic value per person.  I can see this happening for a while (especially as developing countries continue to develop) but it also must reach a limit at some point.
2. The economy grows through non-human economic actors (financially independent machines/devices).  Again, this has some significant potential for growth, but also must hit a limit at some point.
3. Lost/destroyed money.  This is such a tiny percentage as to be a rounding error, well dwarfed by the other influences.
Eventually, the economy must shrink for a bit.  Bitcoin is able to handle this gracefully, fiat economies (especially debt-based fiat economies - which is pretty much all of them) are not.
While the economy is growing, the deflationary influence of the fixed supply encourages saving and prudent spending.  This limits unnatural economic growth by discouraging "wasting" money and encourages the production of higher quality goods and services.
If and when the economy is shrinking, a fixed supply leads to inflationary effects.  This inflationary influence encourages spending over saving, which combats any unnatural shrinkage of the economy.


This is exactly wrong.  Doing so means that you can not handle periods of economic downturn.  Monetary supply inflation during economic shrinkage is the leading cause of monetary failure throughout recent history.


It's purely a matter of market size.  The only reason Bitcoin is very volatile at the moment is that it has such a tiny market.  Once it reaches the value of a small country (note: this includes all assets of the small country including its land, not just the money of that country), it should have similar stability to the money of that country.


To state a conclusion, you first need premises.  I didn't see any premises at all, let alone premises that lead to this conclusion.  To be fair, your conclusion is that "you don't think it would function well" not that it "wouldn't function well", so it's pretty easily dismissible with "I don't care what you think", but you still haven't actually given any good reason why you think that - only repeated your unfounded beliefs over and over.
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:08:56
The bank stores one copy of my private key as well.
I have no problem using banks what they were originally designed for - armed security for a locked box that only I can access.
(also, because I'm slightly paranoid, even the key in the safety deposit isn't in cleartext; so anyone else managing physical access to it still won't be able to run off with my bitcoins without first also knowing some other things)
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:08:48


This seems like a very unlikely end to the universe.
The most likely by current understandings is [heat death](  Personally however, I'm kind of hoping for the [big rip]( it just seems so much more majestic (either way, I'll be long dead so it doesn't affect me).
@_date: 2019-12-29 22:47:38
That was exactly my point. I think you probably said it better though.
@_date: 2019-02-18 18:57:35


Then the world doesn't suffer a massive economic collapse and things carry on pretty much as they are.  While I'd be disappointed that we didn't get a chance at a better form of money taking hold, I'd actually be happier overall, since the significant suffering I was expecting to come to pass didn't.


Is totally irrelevant... the "larger population" also believes in the supernatural - gods, ghosts, whatever.  I honestly don't care what people believe or how they view things; I care what the evidence points to.
@_date: 2019-06-05 10:01:22
You fundamentally misunderstand segwit and Lightning.


No.  A watch tower may be paid or unpaid.  You can have as many of them as you like.  They only do something in the case that you actually need them: as long as you're online, the watchtower does nothing.  They have no control over your coins and so they can't lose your coins at all.  The worst case scenario is that you *and all watchtowers you have watching* go down simultaneously.
A good example of an unpaid watchtower is one (or more than one) that you run yourself from different connections.  For a less technical user of course, they would be more likely to use a paid watchtower service, where for a tiny fee, their channels are monitored by watchtowers in multiple locations around the world, virtually guaranteeing no chance of the channel partner transmitting an old state.
Since channel partners can't know if you have watchtowers or not, the mere possibility of them should be sufficient to reduce any expectation of malicious behaviour by channel partners in the normal case.


I agree completely.


This is complete bullshit.
Typical non-technical end users aren't being asked to "move coins in to segwit addresses", they're being asked to (and generally do) update their wallet software to new versions that support newer standards.  They get segwit addresses "by default" when they do as long as it's implemented.
This is zero work for the end user and is entirely on the wallet developer side.


What problem?  Fees are healthy and network capacity seems more than sufficient at the moment.


Yes it is.  It's extremely clear to any developer that bothers to actually look at it.  Anyone who isn't implementing segwit now is doing it out of religious belief in altcoins and not for any good reason.


This is a matter of UX design.  A good Lightning wallet would hide all of this from non-technical users and simply say that it's "setting up on the network", which will take up to a day.  Once it's done, it manages all channels in the background to ensure sufficient liquidity and the user never need think about it (or wait for it) again.
@_date: 2019-12-17 17:04:05


And I'm sure you have no idea what a peer reviewed study implies.  It's not just me asking a bunch of people.  Actually, the studies I was referencing aren't anything I did anyway.


I've mentioned it exactly twice, because it was relevant in context.


Again, another strawman.  At no point did I say that I - or the people I was referring to - are unable to enjoy themselves without drugs.  However people enjoy drugs and will take them to have a better night out sometimes.  This is extremely similar to someone going out and having some alcoholic drinks to enjoy the night more.  Increasing your enjoyment of an evening out is not escapism.


I think you still don't quite realise who you're talking to here... but yes, I'm well aware of the amounts of substances sold compared to what they're advertised as, as well as what various drugs are often adulterated with.  I've been involved in detailed studies of the quality of products sold through DNMs using mass spectrometry.
Of course, for home use, I generally just accept the results of reagent testing since I don't have a mass spec in my home lab of course (but I do in fact have a home lab).
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:08:58
The fees are tiny in comparison to the money I'm spending.  I don't view it as a waste, since I'm encouraging usage and adoption of bitcoin by actually using it.
If no one spent bitcoin at a merchant, do you think they'd continue accepting it or even consider it a viable and interesting option?  I - and many many others like me - use bitcoin because it helps grow the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2019-02-25 11:07:46
The question in your title and question in your text are not equivalent. 
For me personally, the answers are: “no, never have” and “yes, almost certainly” respectively.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:56:03
bitWallet has been around a very long time. It’s been my main hot wallet for well over two years now. 
(some) Good points:
* Transaction batching is easy
* Manual fee selection is possible 
* UTXO control (completely manual)
(some) Bad points:
* UI is confusing for non-technical people that don’t understand bitcoin in detail 
* No bech32 support 
* Default change address is sending address (must be manually changed)
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:21:12
If it isn't easy, you're probably over-invested.
The old statement about "don't put in more than you're willing to lose" exists for a reason.  If I were to suddenly lose access to all my BTC, or if BTC somehow dropped to zero with no chance of recovery (fatal flaw discovered in system, etc), I'd be disappointed of course, but it wouldn't negatively affect the quality of my life or that of my family.
To put that in context, I say that as someone that holds somewhat over 1 one-millionth of all the bitcoins that will ever exist (i.e. I'm in the "21 BTC club").  It might make me extraordinarily wealthy one day, and it also might not.  The only thing that's guaranteed is that if I were to sell them (even with the idea of maybe buying back in later at a lower price), then I'd be risking losing that chance.
Therefore holding is extremely easy no matter what the price does.  Either it goes up, and I'm happy seeing myself get closer to complete financial independence; or it goes down and financial independence looks a bit further away again.  But neither of those situations creates any pressure or desire to sell.
@_date: 2017-11-09 22:05:30
Ouch, that is rough.
Not that it helps now, but I just checked and Amazon.de would have it delivered to NL by next Monday for somewhere around the same total price (€11.73 + €4.22 postage).
As a general hint for anyone in Europe: Check out the different EU Amazon sites when ordering.  Sometimes you'll find things cheaper or with better delivery even when it's not your "local" site.
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:46:50
If you pay $6 fees, you're *massively* overpaying.
Are you aware that the average only tells you what people *are* paying, not what they *could* be paying to actually get transactions in?
It doesn't matter to me what the number is on the fees higher than mine, only how many there are.  So, as long as my transaction makes it in to the next few blocks, I don't really give a crap if some other people are paying $10 or $100.
Equally, I don't care if there's a million transactions in the mempool if the fees on them are lower than mine.  They don't influence what I need to pay the slightest bit.
@_date: 2019-12-04 02:34:34
Actually with BTC over Lightning. I used Breez as the wallet. They received it with Wallet of Satoshi.
By number, the majority of my purchases are credit card which is then paid off using BTC, but I spend BTC directly wherever possible and strongly encourage local adoption.
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:56:43
Why is the average transaction fee relevant?
Take a look at the [mempool history](  You can clearly see that it drops down in to start clearing fees in the 5 to 10 range pretty often, and in the 20 range multiple times per day usually (yes, there was a period between the 8th and 16th of November that didn't, I'm aware).
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:36:34
A squirrel after my own heart :)
@_date: 2019-12-02 13:23:22
It does of course depend where in the world you live (and relatedly which governments think they have a claim to your money).  I lose about 0.5% in total from exchange fees, and don't pay any CGT.
@_date: 2019-12-29 18:48:01
Oh dear... you believe in intrinsic value... \*sigh\*
Alright, here goes:
Conscious beings value things.  It doesn't matter why.  It could be because it's pretty.  It could be because it feeds them.  It could be because it makes them feel strong.  It could be any number of reasons.  The reasons however are clearly due to the properties of the things.
If there were no conscious beings to assign value to things, those things would definitionally have no value, regardless of their properties.  "Intrinsic value" implies a value separate to the desire for it by conscious beings, which is oxymoronic because as per the above, we can *define* "value" as being "the desire for the thing by conscious beings".
Your example is very shortsighted and leads quickly to circular reasoning.  You say that the church wants gold because it's pretty.  No one else seems to care that it's pretty in your example and so it's purely monetary outside of the church.  And the church 'buys' the gold.  With what?  Isn't the gold money?  Or is there another thing used as money?  And what gives that thing the value to be used as money?
So, tell me: What properties does gold have that make it "intrinsically" valuable in a way that I can't arbitrarily decide that Bitcoin is also intrinsically valuable (or that neither are)?
@_date: 2017-11-05 05:57:48


I have never seen this as a common statement on this sub.  Over on some other subs, yes, but not here.  When it is stated here, it is generally followed by a large number of replies correcting the error.


There are employees at Intel specifically working on the Linux kernel that contribute huge amounts of code to it.  That doesn't mean intel "controls" the kernel in any way, shape, or form.
It's pretty much the exact same situation with Blockstream and Bitcoin.  They're a major contributor and of course they will contribute things that are good for them.  But being open source, they will also ensure that contributions are generally useful to everyone because if they weren't, they'd be rejected by the project.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:40:37
I've never understood the whole "waiting for a dip" thing.  Sure, opportunistically buy dips; but waiting often just means you'll end up buying higher than you would have.
Imagine BTC is at $6500.  You think, "oh, I'll wait for the next dip".  It keeps going up and up, and eventually at $7200, it turns around and goes down for a bit.  It levels out at $6800 and then shows signs of starting to rise again.  At $6850, you 'buy the dip', congratulating yourself on saving compared to the $7200 price.  However if you'd just bought at $6500, you'd be better off.
Of course, you can't know what the future dip will be and whether it'll be higher or lower than right now, but assuming you actually agree with and accept the general proposition that the long term trend is up for quite a while to come and are therefore hodling rather than just day trading, then buying now seems a far safer bet than not.
@_date: 2019-06-01 21:46:17


You looked in to the future?  Or you performed some analysis using technical information?  Because if it's the latter, that's exactly what "TA" is, and exactly why I trust your prediction as much as I trust that my next roll of a 6 sided die will come up a 3.
In other words: Sure, you might be right, but it'd be dumb luck at best.
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:40:52
Where are you located?
@_date: 2019-12-30 12:00:00
Yep, the only one in Dresden, Germany also is of the same type.
It's from [
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:12:06


1. You and I clearly have different definitions of "currency".  After all, I'd call the Tongan Pa'anga a currency, but it's not generally accepted anywhere outside of Tonga (which has a population of just over 100k people).  Bitcoin is more widely accepted than the Pa'anga.
2. I use Bitcoin as my primary currency.  I don't hold any fiat currency.  I would argue this shows that - at least in some circumstances - it's widely accepted enough to fulfil the role of a currency and therefore is one.
@_date: 2019-04-28 08:58:36






I think that's a false dichotomy.  You can be a teacher, describing things in ways that encourage people to learn and understand why they're wrong.  When people are simply told, "you're wrong and an idiot!", they usually double down, thinking even more strongly that they're right and clearly not an idiot.  If instead you show them why they're wrong and give them the feeling that it's okay to be wrong as long as you can grow and improve when presented with more accurate information, they're far more likely to accept it.
@_date: 2019-12-31 22:32:11
And what makes your opinion more valid? You’ve provided zero evidence, just a tired old concern that we hear daily from trolls.
@_date: 2019-04-22 18:35:42


No... then you're left with the exact same thing you had before.  A censorship resistant currency that follows a set of rules agreed by the consensus of those using it.  Sure, you can't use it with as many people since there'll be some choosing not to because of the legal situation, but that doesn't fundamentally alter Bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2019-12-31 07:06:42
On average, older people:
1. are less comfortable with technology (easier to "dazzle with bullshit" for a scam)
2. are more trusting (easier to scam)
3. are less aware of money transfer and conversion options (easier to convince that odd/uncommon processes necessary for a scam actually makes sense)
It's of course not true of all older people.  Many of the original pioneers of the cypherpunk movement are now "old" by most people's definitions and a lot of people here on reddit would probably call me old by the lack of hair on top of my head and the amount of grey in my beard; but those are outliers.  The fact is that most people of my generation and older are indeed significantly easier than people of younger generations to target for this kind of scam.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:05:37
There are more merchants within 20km of me right now that accept it than there were in the early to mid 2010s or even one year ago.  There are also more taxis, restaurants, bars, and everything else accepting it around the world when I travel.  So while there certainly were some big names that stopped accepting it, I can not agree that "many merchants stopped accepting it" (compared to new merchants starting to accept it).
It's possible you're either seeing what you want to see to back up your opinion, or are seeing a local effect and extrapolating it to a global scale.
@_date: 2019-12-29 18:34:10
Then no real money is "backed".  If you have gold-backed notes, the gold is the money and the notes are IOUs.  What's the gold backed by?
Monetary "backing" is a term made up by people also pushing illogical and meaningless concepts like "intrinsic value".  If you see it, just walk away.
@_date: 2019-12-09 21:26:31
No one can access your Bitcoin by just the address.
If you provide it along with other data such as your name and/or contact details, then you have linked those the address with those details and chain analysis can be used to "track" you both forwards and backwards from there.
If you don't care about that (which you absolutely should, but it does seem to be common that many people say they don't), then there is nothing else harmful they can do with the address, so feel free.
Perhaps a better question is why you're joining a "list for bitcoin buyers" that requires this kind of information.  It seems completely unnecessary and is a huge invasion of privacy.  Perhaps you should be asking yourself why they want this kind of information from you.
@_date: 2019-10-10 15:04:14
How exactly?
Even if every developer could be “bought”, you’d still have to convince the users to actually use it.  Developers build the software but it’s the users that choose to run it or not.
The only real negative effect would be that a bunch of developers who could have been developing interesting/good technologies would now be wasting their time instead. 
It’s possible there may be a “sheep effect” where a lot of people run the compromised code anyway. That would - at worst - lead to a short term chain split until it became clear what the real (non-compromised) Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:13:16


\**looks at chart*\*
It's going up.  A lot.  Since the start.
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:29:34
I actually completely agree with you.  It's more just a case of the wording.  Feel free to re-read my post as "able to lose without experiencing hardship" rather than "willing to lose".
Since I do not expect BTC to ever become stable at any price point other than much much higher than it is now or exactly zero, I don't really consider a fall in the $/€ value to be particularly meaningful unless it's caused by something that fundamentally destroys the whole system (in which case, it's going to zero and will stay there).  When I talk about "losing" though, I am really only considering that zero case, since if we assume it's not going to zero, it'll rise again, and will rise higher than where it fell from.  It's just more time to wait.
Time is the only major thing I do wonder about - it'd be nice to enjoy a luxury lifestyle for at least a little while before I'm too old to get the most out of it.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:11:39
I see a lot of power being used, I see none being wasted.
@_date: 2019-04-28 11:31:09


How exactly do they prove ownership other than requiring you to trust that the person/organisation responsible for issuing the certificate is honest?


In practice, I agree.  In theory, I disagree.  Humans aren't magical.  We're a part of this universe.  Since the universe appears to be highly deterministic (at least at larger scales, if not entirely throughout at all scales), human behaviour most certainly can be modelled and described with mathematics given enough data.
Even in practice, the general approach should be to remove as many assumptions as possible and make some strong base assumptions such as "people act in their own self-interest", and "people intrinsically act rationally when not dealing with competing desires and cognitive dissonance".  Once you've got these kinds of things in place, you can avoid requiring a lot of other assumptions.


I have seen this asserted what feels like a hundred thousand times and never once have I seen it actually backed up by anything.
I agree that inflation encourages spending because you don't want to hold on to something that becomes less valuable over time if that thing has no other value (i.e. money, as money is a proxy for value and not value itself).
However this doesn't necessarily imply the corollary that under deflation economic activity will just stop.  People have wants and needs that are beyond "increase my total value" and will choose to satisfy these wants and needs over delaying gratification for increases in the value of their money over time.
To me, this is really just a variant of the broken window fallacy because the only kind of spending that is strongly discouraged to the point of collapse under deflation is spending purely for the sake of escaping inflation.  It brings nothing additional to the economy and simply masks an ever-increasing problem.


Under a deflationary system, goods and services would be more realistically priced.  Borrowing becomes far less "the norm" and instead becomes a special case only.  The social divide slowly (over several generations) changes to be between "those who contribute to the economy with new value" against "those who don't contribute to the economy".  This is - to my mind - a significant improvement over the current social divide of "those who were lucky to be born in to wealth" vs "those who were unlucky to be born in to poverty".
@_date: 2019-04-02 09:39:36
***No more monkeys jumping on the bed!***
@_date: 2019-04-27 16:45:01
Hadn't heard of it, but glancing over the site: as long as their claim about the code (e.g. it really does all run client-side and there's nothing server-side going on with the encryption) is correct and an actual check of the code shows that it doesn't send anything anywhere that it shouldn't, then sure, it's relatively safe.
1. It's a website that you access via a FQDN.  DNS spoofing attacks are possible.
2. You're accessing it via a browser, that definitely has access to both the key you enter to decrypt it as well as the decrypted content.  You have to trust your web browser provider (and any plugins you've allowed) not to steal from you.
3. The URL you enter to access the data should be considered public information since you're broadcasting it to the world (you're (probably) not broadcasting the decrypted data though).
4. It's a centralised system.  If they turn off, the data is gone.  If they decide your data uses too much space, they can delete it and it's gone.  If someone accidentally writes something wrong in a root shell, the data is gone.  They still can't access it, but if you're relying on them to store something valuable for you, it could be a nasty shock when it's suddenly not there anymore for any number of reasons.
5. You could check the code today and see that it's safe.  But they could change it at any time.  Unless you're *constantly* checking that the code is running locally and not sending data that it shouldn't, they could make such a change at any time without you noticing.
6. You're accessing it on a computer, generally by typing (or using speech to text, or some other form of text entry).  Regardless of the text entry method, the data in unencrypted form is in memory on the computer at some point (at least parts of it at a time if not the whole) and potentially passing through multiple systems (browser renderer, keyboard, display, etc).  Any security holes in any of these could compromise your data.
Suffice to say, I certainly wouldn't put something as valuable as my seed words on there.  I'd never put my seed words in to any general purpose computer for that matter.  Physically getting them down in an analogue way (pen and paper; metal stamping; etc) is always going to be more secure.
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:17:15
Physics is a surprisingly good place to start when trying to understand Bitcoin.
For example, it should be much more clear to you than to people that don't have a good grasp of physics why it is that Proof of Work (performing an energy intensive operation in a provable way) isn't something that can be cheated on therefore how the energy consumption of bitcoin is put towards provable security.
However, to *really* get Bitcoin, you need to be a bit of a polymath.  For example, without a basic grounding in economics, it's much harder to understand many other aspects of it, such as *why* Bitcoin's energy expenditure is - by definition - never excessive or wasteful.  And without game theory (often taught alongside economics, but better understood as a sub-branch and special case of the expanded formal logic that one learns in philosophy), it's hard to really get why as the network grows, it becomes *less* prone to attack rather than more as in most systems.
@_date: 2019-04-28 08:40:42
Because it doesn't take great talent, knowledge or intelligence to be a politician.  In most western countries, it only takes the ability to be popular to the masses.  I also never said they have "no clue" about Bitcoin, just incomplete information.  You'll find plenty of examples of such people here on this subreddit.
As an aside: You know, I generally agree with you about Bitcoin philosophically, but you have an extraordinarily confrontational and unpleasant style of writing.  It reads as if you're constantly attacking everyone, whether that's your intention or not.  If you actually tried to be more pleasant, you'd probably succeed in getting more people to actually look in to and learn about Bitcoin.  As it is, there are probably a number of people that have read your comments and gone away not interested to learn more.
You can say that those people are just stupid or they'll be the ones missing out and so it's their fault, but I disagree.  There's only so much time in a day and I can't know in advance what's "worth learning about" and what isn't.  If no one presents a good case to me why I should devote the time to learning more about something, I probably won't.  This is equally true for pretty much everyone else.
The more Bitcoin grows, the stronger a force it is in the world.  Therefore I generally consider your posts here on reddit to be a net negative for Bitcoin since you're actively turning people away from it rather than encouraging people to learn, despite the fact that - as said - I agree with you philosophically about the implications for changing the world that Bitcoin has.
@_date: 2019-12-02 08:46:11


I used to think that, and then I realised my logic was flawed.  Here's where we probably agree:
1. If I make a decision to spend BTC, and I expect the value of that BTC to be much higher in the future, I am sacrificing a large future value for a much smaller present value.  This is bad.
2. If I make a decision to spend fiat, and I expect the value of that fiat to be lower in the future, I am sacrificing a smaller future value for a higher present value.  This is good.
Therefore, spend fiat preferentially over BTC.  This is a very straightforward opportunity cost perspective.
1. You can exchange between fiat and BTC easily.
2. Fiat that I do not exchange for BTC could have been exchanged for BTC.
Therefore, the choice to spend €50 on something instead of exchanging it for Bitcoin comes with the *exact same* opportunity cost as spending €50 worth of Bitcoin.
There are goods and services I need to buy.  There are also goods and services I want to buy, even at the expense of future riches.  I have zero desire to hold fiat specifically.  Logically therefore, it makes sense for all of my money to be held in Bitcoin and for that Bitcoin to be spent on my needs and wants.  So that's what I do.
@_date: 2019-04-28 16:06:21
If you’re serious about that being your profession, you may want to consider accepting Bitcoin as payment for your services. Many clients may find it an attractive option for discretionary reasons and you have less concerns about chargebacks (assuming you take credit/debit cards) or theft (in the case of accepting cash). 
Unfortunately exchanging fiat money like dollars or euro for bitcoin is always going to be a pain because those currencies are tools of surveillance and control more than they are money these days.
@_date: 2019-04-02 18:42:47
It's a chain... in sequence.  So, the first 50MB of the current blockchain is identical to the blockchain when it was 50MB in size (assuming you cut it at a block boundary and not within a block; but otherwise just ignore the final partial block).
@_date: 2019-04-04 15:20:40
Strangely, reading it, I agree with him on quite a few points.
* Private Blockchains are useless
* Public Blockchains don't have any proven/good use case other than cryptocurrency
* Most smart contracts are terribly written and therefore bad (however I disagree that the fundamental concept of smart contracts is bad; I think they're just really badly misused)
* ICOs are ridiculous
On most of the rest of what he said, he's completely wrong of course.  He doesn't understand economics and his technical security view of Bitcoin is in this light - he doesn't understand what is being secured and why, so the "how" doesn't make sense to him.  From his perspective, I'd agree with him about the security but that perspective is badly flawed and therefore the conclusions are wrong.
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:27:21
How does a solar flare damage my handwritten seed words?
It definitely could destroy the vast majority of fiat money though...
@_date: 2019-04-08 01:38:09
I have my seed written down and stored securely because:
1. If I am hit by a bus while crossing a street tomorrow (or some other unexpected untimely end), I want my wife and kids to have access to it.
2. The chance of me forgetting a seed is much higher than the chance of someone gaining access to it against my will.  I'm not as young as I once was and my memory isn't as good as it used to be.
3. Memorisation doesn't keep your seed any safer from torture than having it hidden somewhere.  Yes, I'll give up my seed's location and access rights if someone tortures me sufficiently.  I'd also give up a memorised seed in the same way.
@_date: 2019-04-21 08:36:54
I even more strongly disagree with that. Income Tax could be described that way (although I wouldn’t), but other kinds of tax don’t fit that description at all. 
Personally, I’m in favour of taxes in principle. They are necessary for a functional civilised society. I don’t like most implementations that I’ve seen, but that’s a different topic.
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:30:50
This is probably true in the US.  Thankfully, many other countries have far more sane tax regulations.
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:47:46


This is not a definition of communism under *any* realistic concept of the word.
Food for thought: The root of the word "communism" and "community" is the same because that's the focus.
Whether it actually can be implemented in reality or not is another story (I don't believe it can), but to say China is communist is completely disregarding even the concept of the word.  It's as sensible as me calling my cat a horse and then arguing that under my definition it fits.
@_date: 2019-12-29 19:23:03






No, I'm not confused at all. It does however seem that you're an insulting douchebag who didn't bother reading a word of what I wrote and then immediately jumped to the assumption that I don't know what I'm talking about.
There is no need to explain the history of money to me.


**ALL** value is belief.  It is not empirical at all.  It **requires** conscious entities and thus without conscious entities does not exist at all.


That's the **value**.  There's nothing "intrinsic" about it.
People want corn and goats.  Why they want it is irrelevant, and you even essentially said so yourself when you said:


So, if someone else wants something, we can say it has value.  Some people want Bitcoin.  Therefore Bitcoin has value.  It doesn't matter why they want it, the fact is that they do.  This is *no different* to the corn, the goat, or the gold.  Things have value because people want them.  That's the **definition** of the word "value".
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:52:22
Umm... go back to high-school.
3000% of 426 is 12780.
Even 3000\*426 is 1278000 so I have no idea where you got 1371000 from.
@_date: 2019-04-24 05:13:02
I have a few concerns about your survey.
1. "Blockchain Technology" isn't well defined enough.  
Do I trust the set of technologies that make up Bitcoin?  Yes, because this set of technologies is very well put together and - with its current implementation and use - very secure.  As a whole, they make the underlying blockchain trustworthy.  
Do I trust Hyperledger or other private permissioned blockchains? Only in so far as I trust the company that has ultimate control over it (in other words, probably not).  Just because both Bitcoin and a private permissioned blockchain are built on "blockchain technology", their properties are completely different and you can't assume anything about one by knowing something about the other.  
Your description at the top doesn't help to make the distinction.
2. Your questions about "trust" are difficult to determine what you're really asking.  
Do I trust other people on the network?  No, and that's the whole point of Bitcoin as a technology.  I don't **need** to trust them.  They can be completely untrustworthy and I don't need to care.  As per my previous concern though, this can change significantly when talking about blockchains other than Bitcoin.
3. The questions with the phrasing "learning to operate", "becoming skilful at using" and so on are next to meaningless.  People don't generally "operate" or "use" blockchains directly; they interact with software that reads and broadcasts transactions on the blockchain.  How this software operates can be anywhere from extraordinarily simple to extraordinarily complex and there is no commonality to be expected.  
My nearly 70-year old father-in-law can use a mobile Bitcoin wallet to buy coffee, but he certainly can't craft a multi-sig transaction that pays to a custom script for smart contract functionality.
@_date: 2017-11-18 11:26:55
I'd say they got downvotes for simply stating an opinion (in either direction) with nothing meaningful that actually contributes to the conversation.
Or at least, that's why I downvoted them.
@_date: 2019-04-25 15:09:59
I’m not normally so snarky, but I’ve had a crap day today and that answer felt justified.
@_date: 2019-04-26 18:39:39
On top of that, they can pick and choose pretty much anything they want and include it in "the market" or not.  I'm sure if you started adding airline miles and supermarket reward points to the list, Bitcoin would look even smaller.  But in reality, most of the tokens being included in these analyses are functionally no different to airline miles or reward points, being completely centralised and given/taken/controlled by a single entity (just because a token is sitting on top of a decentralised blockchain, doesn't mean that it inherits that property).
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:39:59
I just checked your post history.  I don't think there's any point in actually trying to have a discussion with you.
Just in case though: Again, I don't care what "opp" said.  My comment was an answer to your comment, not a defence of his position.  This isn't a formal debate, it's a conversation on a web based forum.  You made a comment that I perceived as wrong, and I answered that comment.  The wider context is irrelevant and I am not beholden to it.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:32:40
The exchange rate of bitcoin doesn't really influence my use of it as a currency at all.  In fact, I'd say it's far more interesting/important to people who speculate than to people who use it as currency.
The main reason for this is that goods and services aren't priced in bitcoin.  They're priced in a fiat currency and bitcoin is used as the settlement currency.
To give an example from the real world: I get paid in bitcoin and also pay my rent in bitcoin.  But both my income and my rent are denominated in euro.  These are made up figures, but just for the sake of argument, let's say I get paid €5000 and pay €500 in rent.  If 1 BTC == €5000, then on payday, I'll get 1BTC.  I'll give my landlord 0.1BTC rent.  If 1 BTC == €10000, then on payday, I'll get 0.5BTC and give my landlord 0.05BTC in rent.  If BTC 'crashes' down to €100, I'll get 50BTC on payday and give 5BTC in rent.  None of this actually influences my ability to use it.  It influences any BTC savings I have, but not the day to day usage a currency.
@_date: 2019-04-17 12:01:36
@_date: 2019-04-15 20:46:25
Wow. If you honestly believe this, I feel sorry for you. Trying to survive in a world of nuance and complexity must be difficult if you have views that are that black and white.
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:53:06
Yep.  A significant portion of the BTC I own is from the "left over loose change" of a purchase that was just a bit under 60BTC back in the day.  I bought something like 65BTC just in case I needed it, made my purchase and then basically just forgot about it for quite a long time.
Once I actually got interested in bitcoin, I was very happy to find that "7 BTC of loose change" to start my new savings with.
@_date: 2019-04-28 06:50:02
Out of interest, do you mean "[HiddenWallet]( the desktop application or "[HiddenWallet]( the TOR Web Service?
If the former, then that ***is*** WasabiWallet (project got renamed and updated).  You can see this clearly in the [README.md](
If you mean the latter, that's a scam website that steals people's money and has nothing to do with WasabiWallet.  If you use it, you ***will*** have your money stolen.
@_date: 2019-04-10 19:39:03
You believe state control is the only way that governance can happen?  And you're a Bitcoiner?!
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:21:48
Friend?  More like scammer...
@_date: 2019-04-17 11:57:34
Seriously?!  So you think it's just chance that it aligns extremely well to the concept of bitcoin?
And why didn't he use "*Israel prepares to send tanks and troops in to Gaza*" or even "M*ore than 900 great restaurants, including four Gordon Ramsey favourites from £15*"?  Both of those are on the same front-page and are further up the page than the headline he did use.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:02:07
I wasn't defending him, just pointing out your error.  He was wrong as well.
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:30:12
Given his comment, probably a spoonful of cocaine... it tends to make people short-tempered after a while.
(not that I have anything against occasional coke use - it can be a lot of fun if not abused)
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:23:48
Really not necessary. I’ve used bitcoin there many times. As long as you ensure RBF is disabled, it works flawlessly.
@_date: 2019-04-04 15:25:00
What a horribly worded headline...  They arrested one person, and *confiscated* a large amount of bitcoin.
Or do Canadians use the word '*arrest*' to also mean '*confiscate*'?  The same wording is present in the article itself:


I'm confused...
@_date: 2019-12-09 09:59:24
With those requirements in mind, definitely Wallet of Satoshi.
@_date: 2019-12-09 08:56:52
My  recommendation: [Breez](  It's in TestFlight but rock solid for me so far and I use it regularly.
Honourable mentions (in the rough order I'd recommend them):
* [Zap]( 
   * Currently requires connecting to an existing lnd instance; won't in the future.
* [BlueWallet]( 
   * To be non-custodial requires setting up and configuring lnd + lndhub; otherwise is custodial
   * Also is a (non-custodial, always) standard Bitcoin wallet with a host of good features
* [Lightning](
   * In TestFlight and not very user friendly, but does let you do your own channel management.
* [Wallet of Satoshi](
   * Custodial only.
   * Insanely simple to use.
@_date: 2019-08-22 07:52:12
It's not the world's greatest cover, but it's really not that bad.
If you care that much about how the covers on your bookshelf look, might I suggest you perhaps care more about being seen to own books rather than the contents of the books themselves?
@_date: 2019-12-09 18:43:03
"lnd" (LND, not IND) is the "Lightning Network Daemon".  Specifically, it's the implementation of it written by Lightning Labs.  In the context that I used it, you can think of it as a kind of a "server" for joining the wallet to the Lightning Network (put another way, it's a client of the Lightning network, but is acting as a server for the wallet application).
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:13:38


I don't care what he's 'selling' or what you think he's selling.  I was simply trying to correct your misunderstanding.


1. Bitcoin's supply is known and fixed algorithmically instead of decided by a small group of people of whom you have no idea about the motives or opinions.  It is therefore more trustworthy over the long term.
2. Bitcoin transactions can not be blocked or censored by governments or institutions.  It is therefore safe against shifts in political ideology.
3. Bitcoin transactions can not be reversed.  It is therefore safe against fraudulent chargebacks.
4. Bitcoin transactions are pseudonymous (effectively anonymous if you want them to be).  It is therefore a safe way to practice your fundamental right of free speech through the use of money.
Or at least, those are the main reasons that I use Bitcoin (and stopped holding fiat currency; so clearly I'm somebody that wanted to).
@_date: 2019-04-18 04:56:54


There are no multiverse theories.  There are several multiverse hypotheses.  If you mean those, then which one?


Under any of the realistically proposed hypotheses: no.  In some of the universes, you are sending bitcoin, and in others you are not.  In those where you are, the transaction is valid in that universe and remains within it.
The bitcoin protocol doesn't do any kind of quantum weirdness or deal with strings that are non-bound to our brane, so I don't see a way to localise the action to a single universe in any of the multiverse hypotheses, let alone actually conduct a transaction whereby the supply is effectively decreased in one universe while increased in another.
(yes, this entire reply is a deadpan serious reply to an obvious shitpost... I know (or at least hope) the OP isn't actually serious)
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:28:42
Exactly where I quoted you doing so.  You've since edited it.
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:52:32
From a certain perspective you are right, but I'd also caution against the assumption that laws are "generally accepted".  While I don't think a bitcoin ban would be enough to cause significant social unrest in most places, it certainly could/would play a part in it in any country that were implementing other changes that limit people's freedom.
Laws don't exist in a vacuum, and acceptance of law in general decreases the more tyrannical they get.  So while - as a thought-experiment - I can agree with what you're saying, I don't think it's possible in the real world on a global scale, thus leaving it firmly in the thought-experiment camp.
@_date: 2019-04-03 10:34:38
When demand for block space outstrips available block space, you *either* have high fees *or* long confirmation times.  Not both.  As in: you either pay enough to get in a block in a short amount of time, or you don't and you wait for your transaction to finally get picked up by a miner.  You don't get both simultaneously.
As for whether it'll get back to fees of that level... probably, but I'd expect total usage to be much higher (and therefore likely the exchange rate to fiat currencies as well) since there have been some improvements since that last time, which makes the usage of the block space more efficient.
I don't however see how that as a problem.  Hopefully it'll convince some of the people/businesses that I use Bitcoin with regularly to set up Lightning and start using that more.  I've already started discussing it with my landlord in terms of making daily rent payments instead of monthly and my employer for daily income rather than monthly.  Employer seems a bit more complex since our payroll people are conceptually fine with Bitcoin but not with salaries being paid out daily.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:48:09
It seems you're the one who is either unable to understand - or perhaps unwilling to understand - that I already agreed with that several times.
@_date: 2019-04-04 03:19:02
Hah... so did I by pure chance.  In fact, it started rallying about 30 minutes after I put them on.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:03:45
This is simply wrong and an incorrect view of what socialism is.
When you're discussing with someone who claims to believe something, it's a good idea to ask them what it is they believe before making strawmen.  At the very least, please see [Wikipedia]( for a general description of the concept.
As a socialist, I believe in social ownership of the means of production.  This doesn't mean I believe that all property must be public or that no distinction between private and personal property can exist.  There certainly are socialists who believe this, but I'm not one of them nor have I ever actually met anyone that believes this to the best of my knowledge.
I also believe strongly in worker self-management and practice this in my daily work.  I'm a "department manager" at my company and pride myself on never telling my people what to do - rather simply setting goals and then acting as someone they can come to for help/questions/budget/etc while they organise themselves to meet these goals.  I've had far more success managing this way than other methods I've seen used.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:58:40
Absolutely :)
@_date: 2019-04-02 15:14:14
Ummm... I didn't change my tune.  You just partially quoted me so that it was out of context.
@_date: 2019-04-02 16:08:52
Don't get me wrong, I'm not anti-bitcoin... actually - far far FAR from it.  I don't hold fiat currency anymore and have lived as much as possible using Bitcoin as my primary currency for the last year or so.
I just think that deliberately speculating is a parasitic activity from a moral standpoint and not something that I'd get involved in.  I feel exactly the same about the stock market.  I don't feel that way about people who buy stocks because they believe in the company that they're investing in, nor about people who buy bitcoin to use as a currency (whether immediately or at some unknown point in the future).
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:31:08
You’re not the only one. I’ve received that twice now from two different usernames.
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:41:03


Out of interest, what will you do if this doesn't happen?
I'm sure there were people saying that when it was $30/BTC the second time, remembering the previous crash from $30/BTC down to $2/BTC.  Those people are either still waiting or ended up with less bitcoin than they had before when they finally sold their dollars again.
As a related question, since I've replied to a few of your comments here and I still don't quite understand your thought process on this: Do you consider bitcoin only to be a speculative investment, or do you think that there is a point in the future where it will be a commonly accepted currency in the majority of the world?
Note that "both" is also a perfectly acceptable answer. I personally don't deny that it's currently primarily speculative for most people; but since I'm fortunate enough to live somewhere where I can and do use it as my primary currency, I have a really hard time imagining that not being the case everywhere eventually once there is significant enough development on second layer technologies to enable a more frictionless mass adoption.
As I replied in another comment, it makes more sense to me to view dollars and other fiat currencies as the speculative investment, since they're the ones that have a changing and unknown supply side.  While the purchasing power of bitcoin is currently very unstable, that's a side effect of the local economies being priced in their respective fiat currencies.  That's not a situation that can remain stable for very much longer in my opinion (I see an ongoing increase of inflation rates as inevitable until a "tipping point" is hit and hyperinflation destroys the economy if it hasn't switched to a more stable store of value).
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:09:21
Dollars are also fast and cheap (and usable over many different payment networks from PayPal, Visa, your bank, cash, and more).  If that's all BCH has going for it, how is it better than fiat?
BTC on the other hand is secure, practically immutable, and highly scalable over long time frames.  Care to compare BCH on those metrics?
@_date: 2017-04-28 15:07:16
Somewhere around a couple of dollars per BTC.  I really don't know exactly, but definitely VERY cheap.
Of course, I spent it all on Silk Road immediately.  It wasn't until some time later I actually looked in to bitcoin and realised its potential.  Ooops.
@_date: 2017-04-28 14:59:46
For an amount like that, an ATM might be a good choice since you probably don't care too much about the poor exchange rate given the simplicity of it.
If there are no ATMs near you, then localbitcoins might be a good choice as well.
If both of those aren't possible, then you certainly can get that amount from an exchange, but it's a pretty involved process on most of them and won't be amazingly quick.
@_date: 2019-04-28 07:13:27


While this is true without context, it's clearly not what someone means when they talk about a currency inflating, since a currency is not the same thing as an economy or a market.
"Inflation" without context does indeed mean economic/market inflation.  However when someone asks "*Isn't bitcoin an inflationary currency*", I don't see any way the question can be interpreted other than as one about the monetary supply inflation.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:23:24
@_date: 2019-04-15 15:27:17
If I were Satoshi, I wouldn't come out of hiding just for the current drama.  It's just that - random meaningless drama.  It doesn't change what Bitcoin is, how it works, or really cause any problems at all other than making a bunch of trumped-up internet trolls get pissy at each other.  Meanwhile, Bitcoin continues to work exactly as it should.
@_date: 2019-04-04 13:17:27


I think it’s reasonably clear that they won’t. 
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:09:31


No.  This is untrue.  You said:


So I said:


"It didn't go anywhere near 3000%" is not talking about the price now.  It's clearly written in past tense.  If you meant the price now, you'd have said, "It isn't anywhere near 3000%", to which I would have simply agreed.


This is exactly what it appears you are trying to do.
@_date: 2019-04-03 10:42:50


@_date: 2019-04-28 08:30:39
Both 1 and 2 assume a certain level of understanding of what bitcoin is and implies.  I don't think it's fair to jump straight to "sane" or not, as people can have incomplete information through no great fault of their own.  Since 3, 4, and 5 are same as 1 and 2, it should be clear these are fair possibilities regardless of whether they're ultimately right or not.
As an analogy: this is no different to the fact that most religious fundamentalists really *are* trying to make the world a better place when they spread hatred and bigotry.  They're totally wrong about the outcome and they fundamentally misunderstand what "make the world a better place" actually means, but they are honestly trying to reach that goal.
As for 6, absolutely they have been... and it therefore certainly appears to many that there are politicians "embracing bitcoin" even though both you and I are fully aware that those ones most certainly aren't.
@_date: 2019-04-28 07:27:49


I could imagine some scenarios where this isn't true.  For example:
1. An existing Bitcoiner getting in to politics with the express goal of making themselves and every other politician obsolete by "destroying it from within".
2. An existing Bitcoiner getting in to politics to spread bitcoin adoption, without realising the bigger long-term picture of what it means for governance.
3. An existing Bitcoiner getting in to politics to spread bitcoin adoption, expecting that the bigger long-term picture of what it means for governance will take longer than the amount of time they have left until retirement and so are content to work in that job despite the fact that it will obsolete the job at some point later.
4. An existing politician who understands some implications of Bitcoin and agrees with them, but doesn't quite realise the bigger long-term picture of what it means for governance.
5. An existing politician who expects that the bigger long-term picture of what it means for governance will take longer than the amount of time they have left until retirement and so are content to work in that job despite the fact that it will obsolete the job at some point later.
6. A politician that appears to embrace bitcoin but is actually going to try to destroy bitcoin using political power (this would of course fail, but that doesn't mean they couldn't think they could do it)
And probably more.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:00:59


Oops, sorry... my mistake.  I'll own that.  I didn't pay enough attention to the usernames.  I think perhaps because his reply implied I'd just replied to him, but actually I'd replied to you and he replied to that.


I completely disagree.  I - as said - use it daily, and have never had significant problems with the fees.


Some people may say that (and have been for years as far as I've seen) but you can't say that "it's about that" since there is no central body to define what "it's about".  It's about whatever you want it to be about.  For me, it's a currency, always has been, and always will be.
I'm looking forward to wider-spread adoption of off-chain payment solutions, since I actually think using the base layer for payments is kind of dumb in the long term, but I'm fine with doing so for now.


This past week, when fees have been higher than usual, I've still never paid as high as $2 for a single real-world transaction.  Of course it helps that I batch transactions so generally do 4 to 5 real-world transactions per on-chain transaction.  Once more people accept Lightning in the real world, that'll rocket up to hundreds or thousands.
I also never paid $40 even for an on-chain transaction in 2017.  At the peak, I think the highest fee I paid was somewhere around $5-ish, for an on-chain transaction consisting of probably 3 or 4 real-world transactions.


You're welcome to say that you personally don't view it as a currency anymore, but to say it categorically isn't one is simply wrong.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:17:07
!lntip 2500
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:06:59
Often, the next "dip" might be higher than a current all-time-high.
If you're just buying a little at a time, set intervals (e.g. once a week or once a month) are likely to be better value in the long run even if you do end up with some buys where you miss a dip somewhere.
Of course, if you're expecting the long term upwards trend to continue for a significant amount of time and are willing to take the risk of being wrong about this, then obviously getting in earlier is going to bring greater rewards.
It is a greater risk though, as with a regular weekly/monthly buy you can stop any time you no longer feel it viable to do so.  With an "all in at the start" approach, you've put the stake in the ground and have to live with the consequences.
@_date: 2019-04-28 07:05:57
Instructions unclear: Got a terrible haircut with triangles shaved in to it.
@_date: 2019-04-15 20:15:17
We are not dependent on exchanges for access to our currency. If you are, then that’s your choice (and a very bad one).
@_date: 2019-04-28 17:48:58


I'm aware... that point was in a list of reasons that precious metals such as gold (or tokens that represent them) failed as a counter to your argument that being non-inflationary was what caused that type of currency to fail.


I never said that at all.  You're strawmanning.
In fact, I said the exact opposite.  People will still buy things they want (and don't need) even under a deflationary currency.  What they *won't* do is buy things they *don't want* and are only buying because it avoids inflation.


Borrowing for purchases is not required if things don't cost more than they should.  Many types of products are grossly overpriced.  This is because there's debt - with interest - all the way back to the creation of the money.  Everyone is *required* to have more money at each step down the line in the creation of that machine in order to pay the interest on the debt.  Remove the debt based money and things would start representing their true value instead.  When you want a machine to expand business, you buy it with the fucking money that you earned from business.
If you want to start a new business that produces widgets and a widget machine is required, then yes, debt may be necessary (or you first earn the money by doing something other than creating widgets).  In that case though, debt isn't newly created money as it often is under our current financial system, but is instead a part of the existing economy.  High interest on debt is unnecessary and it's strongly in the debtors interests to repay rapidly since the value of what they owe increases in line with deflation.  In other words, this strongly encourages avoidance of debt (a good thing) while still allowing for its existence in special cases (which should be considered extremely rare).
Note that investment in business can certainly happen without debt.  Imagine I want to produce widgets and am sure that I have a way of doing it and being more successful than my competition, but I can't afford a widget machine.  Instead of borrowing money, I may find a person that can afford it and agree to share in the profits of the widget business.
This is somewhat like a traditional business investment, but is framed in a different contract than currently, since instead of it being "money to be repaid with interest on the expectation/hope of business success" it'd simply be "a cut of the business profits for a defined time period on the expectation/hope of business success".  This will also encourage more careful and conscientious business investment with more involvement from the investors which will reduce the number of crap businesses getting funding based on some greasy slimeball being able to talk a good game but ultimately not deliver.


If their business model isn't sustainable, that's their problem and it's not the economy's job to sustain bad business models.  The company should be able to pay its employees for their labour from the profits of selling machines.  If no one is willing to buy those machines (or not enough to support their construction), maybe they're too expensive.
This also encourages innovation (which you claimed would be reduced under this kind of economy) since it gets people to produce goods and services aiming for the highest possible efficiency, lowest possible waste, and best possible quality.  Business models based on "cheap, wasteful, and low quality" (which abound in the current economy) will fail miserably as they become unable to compete due to products finding a real price based on actual demand instead of monetary games.


Real estate is one of the largest debt-based bubbles there is.  There is absolutely *no* reason for real estate to cost as much as it does other than that it's used as a speculative investment that relies on a debt based economy.  Remove the excessive amounts of debt and real estate will start costing what it should again (have a good job and save up for 10 to 20 years (while still paying rent) and you should be able to afford real estate in most places that aren't already extremely overcrowded (i.e. probably not central Tokyo or Manhattan).


Someone who inherits a wealth of Bitcoin from his parents won't be getting "richer and richer" unless they're actually doing something to earn more, because they're spending their bitcoin.  Even if each bitcoin is worth more tomorrow than it is today (e.g. from a larger total economy but fixed supply), this person will still own less bitcoin than they did the previous day and the people they paid will own more.
Remember that Bitcoin isn't really deflationary, it's disinflationary.  It may eventually have *very* slight monetary deflation as coins are lost, but overall the money supply will stay pretty steady after another few halvings (the block rewards become such a tiny percentage of the total supply that it's negligible).
Because of this, those who contribute to the economy by doing something that earns them Bitcoin are increasing their personal share of a fixed amount in existence.  The person paying out bitcoin and not earning it is decreasing their personal share of that fixed amount.  There's no way this kind of economy supports the leeches who "make money from money" that we have today; and that's a *very* good thing.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:21:04
Charge-back implies the ability to take money without permission.  There is no way to implement this in bitcoin itself and that's a good thing, because it would destroy the very concept of having sovereignty over your own money.
It could be implemented on a higher layer and if people really want that, they'd choose to use that layer.  Personally, I wouldn't.
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:20:12
I don't currently do all my transactions as individual on-chain transactions, and as things evolve, I expect to be doing less and less.
A combination of batching and 2nd layer (such as Lightning, which works fine for small payments *right now*) means that my current average is somewhere between 5 to 10 "real world" transactions per on-chain transaction currently.  My expectation is to switch to nearly entirely Lightning Network within the next 12 to 24 months, making it closer to hundreds or thousands per on-chain transaction.  In those circumstances, I'll be fine paying $100 USD equivalent per on-chain transaction.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:22:48
Only "investors" or also people who use it as a currency rather than a speculative asset?
If the former, never mind.  If the latter, I wouldn't mind being interviewed.  Feel free to pm me for contact details and to arrange a date/time.
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:05:40
The question you're asking doesn't make sense.  It's like saying, "If Mercedes Benz aren't a competitor to roads, then what unique use does it have that roads / bridges don't have?"
Bitcoin isn't a payment network.  Bitcoin is a currency.
Credit cards / Paypal are payment networks.  USD is a currency.
Bitcoin compares to US Dollars, Euro, Pounds, Yen and so on, so you can only really ask questions in relation to how it stacks up against these and not how it stacks up against something on a different layer.
If you want to compare something in the Bitcoin world to paypal or credit cards, you might start at the Lightning Network.  That *is* a payment network.  It's a pretty basic one though being brand new technology and still in "don't trust this with a decent amount of money" quality.
If they really wanted, Visa, Mastercard, Amex and so on could easily offer their services on top of Bitcoin as well rather than on top of the existing currencies since they are currency agnostic already (their systems don't assume any particular currency features on the backend).  I'm not sure their existing business model would hold up so well, but that's another story.
@_date: 2019-04-15 13:35:22


My daughter (8 years old) is a regular-ish bitcoin user (actually, not all that much, but she's not a user of *any* money all that much, so as a percentage, it's pretty high).  She's owned bitcoin since she was 2 (present from me).  She has a "savings" wallet, for which I hold the private key, and a "spending" wallet (where she gets her pocket money) where she has the private key.  She can (and does) send from her spending wallet to her savings wallet sometimes.
My son (5 years old) is a bitcoin holder (he doesn't actually use money of any kind yet).  He's owned bitcoin since slightly before he was born (present from me).  He doesn't have access to any private keys.
My father-in-law (66 years old) is --as of last Christmas-- a bitcoin holder and --as of last week-- a bitcoin user.  He has a hardware wallet (which I gave him at Christmas, pre-loaded with a small amount) that he tops up from time to time, and a mobile wallet which he's just starting to get the hang of now.
@_date: 2019-04-14 15:23:40
I find your counterargument... a strawman.
didn't say "income tax", he said "tax".  I'm pro tax and anti income tax (also anti wealth tax, anti capital gains tax, etc... but pro VAT/GST).
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:57:19
Yes, yes it did.  3000% of 426 is - as I already wrote - 12780.  It went much higher than that.
@_date: 2019-06-04 03:08:50
Neither of those fundamentally break Bitcoin's functionality, so I care about neither.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:42:49
Yes... again - short and sweet - you really fucking suck at getting your point across.  Deal with it.
@_date: 2019-04-10 20:30:27
Sorry... I do wonder if we're talking past each other here...


Again, why?  Why is state power required to do this instead of some other form of governance that stops private enterprise from existing?


Honestly, that's exactly my question!


I completely agree.  I'm not arguing in favour of it.  I already (hopefully) made it clear that I don't think communism can work.  So mostly this is just a combination of a thought-experiment and asking for your justification of why you think state control is somehow 'special' in that it is required for communism but other forms of governance aren't possible.
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:54:12


Okay, understood.  To me, it seems shortsighted, but each to their own I guess.


This I don't understand.  If it does:
1. it'll be worth an incredible amount more than at the moment, meaning your speculation pays off bigtime.
2. it'll assist in the devaluation of fiat currencies by people moving their worth out of those currencies and in to bitcoin.
3. you'll end up getting it anyway to use for day to day goods and services, but will have much less of it than if you'd not used it all to buy fiat currencies.
So, I can understand (and disagree) if you say you don't think it'll become a commonly accepted currency, but I can't understand not caring about whether this outcome happens or not if you care about increasing your net worth (which I assume you do since you speculate on investments).
@_date: 2019-12-29 19:50:03
At this point, I give up on you.  You have steadfastly refused to read a single word I wrote.  If you did read it, you either actively refused to understand it or are just too extraordinarily stupid to understand it.
Hopefully someone else will derive some value from reading this thread at some point, since it's clear that you didn't.
@_date: 2019-04-01 19:40:31
Don't worry, you got off lightly compared to actually having to read anything about that festering crapheap of an organisation.
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:49:03


So far... but hopefully not in the future if we play our cards right with decentralised governance systems.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:09:00


No, they're really not.  The *goal* is subjective, but the *method to achieve that goal* is not.
If you call those subjective, you'd have to call medicine subjective.  The goal of medicine is "good health" which is also subjective, but the methods we use to achieve it are quite clearly objective.  Morality when framed this way is no different, except that we're still practically medieval when it comes to our practice of it because for too long people have been calling it subjective when in reality we *can and should* begin to make a clear objective structure around it.
A book I highly recommend reading on the topic is "[The Moral Landscape]( by Sam Harris.
@_date: 2019-04-30 04:01:34
That's *literally* a description of the Eurozone...
@_date: 2019-04-28 08:42:21
I deal with it by educating them about what makes Bitcoin interesting/valuable/useful to the world.  If I do that correctly, they realise how meaningless it is to look at what the current exchange rate to dollars or other local fiat happens to be.
@_date: 2019-04-28 17:56:53
If I ever find the time to write it up more formally, I'd be happy to.  However I've got a bunch of other stuff I want to write first, so it'll be a while if ever.
In the mean time, anyone else who wants to copy/paste some or all of it in to any other document on any platform or medium is welcome to do so.  I consider everything I write on publicly accessible fora like reddit to be 'as good as' public domain (feel free to consider this comment my statement of release of all of my public reddit posts and comments under Creative Commons CC0; note that this is not in conflict with the licence granted to reddit for use of the content as per their terms and conditions of use).  Attribution is always nice, but I won't even require that.
@_date: 2019-04-15 14:50:39
Or it could be none of the popular guesses and instead be some guy who no one here has ever heard of.
I'm nearly 40. A bit over 20 years ago, I had quite a name for myself in the "black hat" computer security world.  Anyone who hung around the CCC guys online or read Phrack around that time would recognise the name.  I haven't used the alias that I used back then in well over 18 years now.  Sure, I never did anything quite as interesting as inventing Bitcoin but if that alias were ever tied to me, I'm sure there's probably a few people that'd be really keen to talk to me and I'm sure there are at least some people who spent quite a while speculating about whatever happened to me after I "vanished".
Of course, I could also just be making all of that up.  Maybe I'm just a boring nobody that comments on reddit a lot.  Or maybe I'm a famous celebrity, hiding behind this screen name.  Or maybe I'm actually Satoshi.  But probably not.
The point is that you don't know and nor does anyone else who wasn't intimately connected to the facts.  And I for one hope it stays that way.
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:22:53


Let me guess: you live in a predominantly white western nation and are among the richest 5% of the global population.
For the other 95%, these are *not* fringe issues.  And for those of us in that 5%, some of them are not right now, but absolutely could (and quite likely will) be in the relatively near future.  I've got two kids and there's no way in hell I'm letting them grow up in a world where money is used as a political weapon without having some truly sovereign money of their own.
@_date: 2019-04-04 06:40:07
1. The transaction will confirm eventually.
2. The user has options for making it happen faster (CPFP, RBF)
3. On-chain is a not a good way to make small payments and if we want to have a currency that is usable for hundreds or thousands of years, we need to incentivise off-chain transactions that use the chain as a settlement and security layer.
@_date: 2019-04-17 11:34:33
Of course. That’s why the genesis block contains a message about casino chargebacks. /s
@_date: 2019-04-09 17:39:03


I'd like to see something to back up that statement.
My experience in the early to mid 2010s:
* To get bitcoin I had to transfer money from my bank to an exchange, wait for it to clear, buy the bitcoin, wait some arbitrary amount of time, request for it to be sent to an address under my control (with no control over tx fees), and then finally wait for them to actually put it through.
* To spend bitcoin: I had to find someone who would accept it.  They were few and far between.  When I did, I'd use the client on my computer (or perhaps a very primitive phone wallet in the mid 2010s) to initiate a transaction using an address that I copy/pasted.
My experience now:
* To get bitcoin, I simply get paid in it.  If I happen to have fiat from somewhere that I want to turn in to bitcoin, I log in to an exchange that can draw the money directly from my bank account (with my permission) and then send it to myself near instantly, with control over the fees.  The total process is less than 3 minutes effort.
* To spend bitcoin: I walk in to one of a moderate number of local stores or visit one of a large number of online services that I know accept bitcoin.  I scan a QR code using the hot wallet on my phone, and either submit it immediately or batch it for later (depending on the time sensitivity of the transaction).
I don't see how this is "increased friction" in any way, shape, or form.


Again, I'd like to see something to back up that statement.  I don't see evidence of that at all.  The total number of people has increased, so subsets are expected also to have increased, but I don't see it being true that the percentage of "don't spend" has increased over "spend".
(note: the term "hodl" is used by different people for different things.  I've seen many people describing it as "don't sell for fiat, but absolutely do go ahead and spend, just then replace from fiat (if you have it)".  I'd therefore be careful of assuming anyone who expresses "hodl" as being opposed to spending)
@_date: 2019-04-15 13:48:40
He'd asked me about it in passing a few times late last year, but wasn't interested enough to take any first steps himself.  That's why I got him the hardware wallet for Christmas - kind of a good way to get him started without him needing to do too much.
Once he started finding that there are places near him that accept bitcoin for goods and services, he started asking me about how to actually use it, which is how we got around to setting up a wallet on his phone, transferring a small amount across from the hardware wallet, and then buying coffee and cake for the six of us (my parents-in-law, myself, my wife, our two kids (milkshakes instead of coffee for the kids)) at a cafe in the city centre.  My daughter was very proud to be able to show him how to scan the waitress's QR code.
For your father/father-in-law, find out if there's any local places that he can spend it and then try introducing him to it that way instead of as an investment.  I really believe that once people get used to the idea that it *is* a form of money, they'll be more open to understanding why it's a *better* kind of money and everything that that implies (including why it's also a good investment).
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:28:57


Whose definition of inflation?  Real inflation and officially stated inflation are *vastly* different in most of the western world right now.
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:35:11
While I'm 99% sure this is sarcasm (since the chances of Craig Wright being Satoshi are lower than the chances that I'm Satoshi and just forgot it), I'm going to follow this thought through anyway...
If Wright is Satoshi and dumps all his coins next week, that'd be a good thing for Bitcoin in the long run.
1. It'd remove fear of that "whale" existing in the future which some people still have.
2. It'd allow everyone to stop talking about what Satoshi wanted, realising that somehow it turned out Satoshi was a complete dickhead that apparently just stumbled across one of the greatest ideas in history by mistake, freeing us up more to actually talk about what's a good idea instead.
3. It'd drop the value temporarily, allowing those of us who actually care about Bitcoin to accumulate even more of it ;)
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:16:42
News to me and the many others that currently *do* use it as a currency daily...
@_date: 2017-04-27 16:28:48
I'd say Euro has a ~0% chance of staying at 1 simply because of inflation.  I'm very confident €100 today buys more than €100 ten years from now even if everything goes pretty well for the Eurozone (which is of course far from certain at this stage).
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:53:15


That's generally true.
I believe that if there must be a central authority, I prefer a socialist one to a non-socialist one, however I also see the significant potential for corruption and apparently near-inevitable decay in to something decidedly non-socialist that comes from it.
While it's clear I'd prefer a decentralised system that allows for socialist ideals to flourish, the real question is whether I'd prefer a centralised socialist authority or despotic anarchy (the "worst case" of removal of central authority).  That's harder, but sadly I think I'd lean towards having the centralised authority.  Thankfully I don't think a despotic anarchy is likely, but it is something I've spent time thinking about.
@_date: 2019-04-16 03:57:04
Are you sure it's in international waters?
If you're still inside [US waters]( expect the US government to treat you with quite a bit of hostility... taking land that they believe is theirs and claiming it as a sovereign nation *generally* doesn't go over too well.
If you really are in international waters though, you'll probably be fine.  Just don't expect any formal recognition from other nations.
@_date: 2019-04-10 20:07:44
I'm not sure what you're saying here...
I agree that greed is the reason that communism fails (at country-sized levels anyway), but that's not what I was asking.  I was asking why state-control is required rather than some other form of control.  That is, given that we are starting to see that other forms of governance (i.e. control) can exist, why does communism in particular require that that governance comes from a state and not from something like a decentralised model?
@_date: 2019-12-02 10:55:25
It depends.  I don't rule out the possibility of base layer privacy being possible with a non-contentious soft fork through some clever cryptography methods that haven't yet been fully thought out.
Even if that turns out never to be the case, I would contend that in the long term future, proliferation of higher layer technologies will render base layer transactions such an abstracted concept that they'll be entirely useless for figuring out what financial activity is happening between participants.
That is to say, maybe in the future we don't even *need* base layer privacy.  It'd be nice now for sure, but in these early days, we're still in the honeymoon phase of technology trial-and-error.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:35:37
My kids are gonna love this.  They already have:
* 99 Bitcoins and an Elephant (better for my 8 year old girl)
* Billy's Bitcoin (better for my 5 year old boy)
* A Place in the Blockchain (more of a baby book, but they still think it's cool)
This will definitely have a good spot on the bookshelf alongside those.  I'm guessing at the moment more for my daughter, but my son will grow in to it too.
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:27:30
But doesn't that somehow assume that a "dollar" is a stable concept?  By definition, dollars devalue over time since it's an inflationary currency.  10 Bitcoin is 1/2100000 of all Bitcoin that will ever exist and this does not change.
So, a more reasonable way to look at it would be to talk about the utility of adding/removing bitcoin when selling/buying dollars with it since Bitcoin is the only thing that definitionally stable in terms of the units (I fully agree its not currently very stable at all in purchasing power; but this model of understanding it would also imply that that's a temporary case at best and over the long term, purchasing power should only fluctuate with total size of the economy rather than being driven by speculation).
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:16:55
!lntip 2500
@_date: 2019-04-14 21:48:02
That video is ridiculous.  It only gives the example of a single individual and his needs.  It doesn't touch on the fact that we live in a society and have to interact with those around us.
Without a well organised tax system, there are no good answers for how we deal with those who suffer bad luck and are left out.  Nor for how we deal with public goods such as roads, hospitals, education, policing, and fire services.  Nor even for lazy people who choose not to work (the outcome of which is either them turning to crime to fund their continued existence, or simply death; neither of which I'm okay with).
You can argue that taxes are poorly used, and I'll agree with you wholeheartedly.  But to argue that taxes are wrong is to argue that civilisation is wrong.
I have no problem with people forming a society somewhere where there are no taxes, but I'll choose to live in the society that does (and ensure some of our tax money goes towards border defence, since I expect the taxless society to become a despotic hellhole that will try to rob us in a relatively short time frame).
@_date: 2019-04-10 16:41:48


I have no need to convince myself.  I already use bitcoin as currency.


1. I can't buy groceries at my local shop with PayPal, I can with Bitcoin.
2. Visa charge fees to their customers as well as their merchants.  If my batched fees come out to less than what I'd pay Visa (including indirectly via the merchant), absolutely.
3. I don't see how you can call them "faster".  Lightning Network transactions are final in milliseconds.  On-chain transactions are final in around 10 minutes.  Paypal transactions are final "at the whim of Paypal".  Visa transactions are generally final within a few days.
All of these points aside, I use bitcoin because I don't believe that inflationary currencies have a future and I don't trust centralised systems.  So even if using bitcoin did actually cost me more (which I don't think it does or will), I'd still consider that aspect to be worth paying for.


Agreed in general, but it does work and is getting better with each new release from the various development groups working on it.


Possibly.  But why should that influence whether or not I decide to use it where it can be used?


Yes, and by then, Lightning (or other second layer networks) will be completely usable for all day to day use.  If that weren't the case, the value wouldn't reach that.


In case you haven't noticed, there is no "marketing department" for bitcoin.  People use it for what they use it for.  Personally, I encourage widespread adoption of bitcoin as a means of payment.  Whether others do or don't is their business, not mine.


Yes, he's an idiot.  BCH's approach to scaling can only ever lead to its inevitable downfall and I think the widespread understanding of this is quite clearly reflected in the acceptance and usage of that chain compared to Bitcoin's chain.
@_date: 2019-04-27 18:36:36
You've got the language backwards.  You should sell.... your fiat currency for bitcoin.  Never use your valuable bitcoin to buy fiat.  Instead, use it for goods and services.
If you somehow happen to acquire more fiat (such as from an unenlightened employer that doesn't pay in bitcoin), immediately sell it, since as an inflationary asset, it's essentially guaranteed to lose value over time and should be disposed of for whatever you can get for it as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2019-04-05 19:26:09
Compared to the total amount of money that was lost by people unsuccessfully trying to trade?  I doubt it.
Also, even if it were true (which - again - I doubt): anyone who is actually holding for the long term hasn't actually lost anything.  They bought x amount of BTC and still have x amount of BTC.  If they sell it for fiat now (or spend it on things valued in fiat) then they're realising that loss.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:35:40


I'm still trying to understand what you mean by "is not" and "has never aimed to be".  You're implying some kind of goal or direction to Bitcoin itself.  There is no person, group, company, or government that sets the direction or purpose of Bitcoin.  It is what it is to the people who use it.
Bitcoin doesn't "aim to be" anything at all.  I am for Bitcoin to be things.  You may aim for Bitcoin to be things.  What it becomes might be what I aim for, might be what you aim for, or might be neither of these things.  In general, it will eventually become that which those develop code for it implement and is accepted by the majority of those who use it.
@_date: 2019-04-10 19:53:25
Full disclosure: I don't think communism is viable because of humans natural tendency towards greed and improving their own situation at the expense of their neighbours.  This is generally why capitalism works, since it's a system based around that greed rather than in conflict with it.
However, I don't see that your argument as being valid without a lot more backing.  Otherwise it really just boils down to "hey, this is my opinion", which is not something that should really be considered very convincing.
So: Why does communism require state control?  Why couldn't it have a decentralised governance structure to ensure collective ownership of common/societal goods?
@_date: 2019-04-14 14:03:14


Yes, it is.  And I never claimed otherwise.


I didn't forget that at all.  I was answering a post about Bitcoin, not writing a book about tax reform.


I don't believe such a human exists or could exist.  Instead, I'm more in favour of finding ways to use distributed systems for all forms of governance.  I don't believe that it's ever possible to have an incorruptible government of people, so my preference is to simply do away with the idea of having "important people making decisions for everyone".
Regarding exactly how this would be done, I am totally fine with admitting that I currently have no clear idea at all.   I do however think it would be possible and I hope to spend a lot of time thinking about it and discussing it with people that are far more clever than I am.
@_date: 2019-04-14 13:59:11
Back in the day, people were saying the same sort of thing about $1000... as in, "*I'll concede that at a stretch it might reach $100, but $1000 is just unfathomable*".
I'm sure when we hit $200k, people will still be saying it about a million.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:22:35
You used the words "in that time frame" which is a continuous statement, implying the same as "*at any time during that time frame*".
So yes, I know what you meant and - yet again - I agree with what you meant.  But you are STILL really crap at actually communicating it.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:21:20
Exactly.  But that's also why they require that RBF is off.  It used to be that their wallet software wouldn't show incoming transactions with RBF until there was a confirmation (which I think is where most people who report problems where they didn't see the tx at all went wrong).  Now however it does, but it tells them to wait for confirmation.  With no RBF, they accept it with no confirmations and simply let you take your goods and go.
@_date: 2019-04-28 08:56:08
Is it technically possible?  Yes.  Will it be relayed by the nodes you've sent it to?  Probably not.
There is nothing in the protocol that disallows specific fee levels.  You can broadcast a transaction with zero fees if you wish.  However, nodes choose whether or not to relay transactions they receive, and defaults in Bitcoin Core as well as most other node software will not relay below a certain level.  The effect of this is that the minimum fee to *reliably* get a transaction on to the network and picked up by a miner is whatever the majority of nodes have set as their minimum relay.
In the case where there's a very high value to Bitcoin but low pressure for block space (which I think is unlikely, but let's go with it), it certainly would be possible for people running nodes to collectively and generally agree to a lower minimum relay fee without any changes needed to the protocol.
Generally speaking though, the common concept/goal by most people is that pressure for block space will remain high meaning fees will be high, but on-chain transactions won't be something that typical users do on a regular basis.  Instead, a single on-chain transaction will represent many off-chain transactions happening on second layer networks such as Lightning.  Currently, the Lightning Network is quite primitive compared to what it will one day be capable of, so at the moment quite a lot of on-chain activity is still needed (opening multiple channels per user via a different on-chain transaction per channel, etc).  As it develops further, single on-chain transactions will handle many different channel management activities batched together.
People will then naturally migrate to these second layer networks as the on-chain fees become unacceptable to them.  For a while, they may consider some transactions as being "good on-chain" (e.g. new car/house/yacht) and others "good off-chain" (e.g. coffee/pizza/beer).  Where the balance lies will depend on fees, ensuring that pressure for block space is kept at a strong level to secure the network.  As the fees rise further, the users will start doing less on-chain and more off-chain.  If the fees drop due to lower demand, they may start doing more on-chain and less off-chain.
I fully expect that at some point in the future, all on-chain transactions will be management of off-chain transactions.  Even huge country-level transfers of value will happen off the main chain (e.g. a federated non-PoW side-chain specific to this purpose).  This allows for potentially infinite scaling while still keeping the security provided by the PoW blockchain and the payment to the miners for providing this security.
@_date: 2019-04-28 13:18:34
I convinced my local small grocery store to accept Bitcoin. It’s easier than you might think with smaller mom-and-pop type stores.   Should be a lot easier than growing everything you need for a healthy balanced diet anyway!
@_date: 2019-04-06 08:14:25
There are more choices than just those...
I neither trade nor invest in bitcoin. I use bitcoin as my day to day money. 
My investments are more traditional such as land and stocks in companies that I agree with philosophically. 
I don’t trade at all, since I consider it similar to gambling and also morally wrong since it’s essentially (if you win at all) getting richer by making others poorer. I prefer to get richer by making everyone richer wherever possible. 
@_date: 2019-04-04 07:19:02


What's the problem?  My daughter took [a fun kids book]( to school, read it to the class, and then they all had an interesting discussion around the technologies it describes (the main two being Augmented Reality and Bitcoin).
What could possibly be wrong with that?
@_date: 2017-04-12 01:25:01
I travel often to Japan for work, but have yet to come across bitcoin in "daily life" there.  I know I can seek it out, but there's not a lot of visibility in general - especially not compared to at home (Hannover, Germany).
@_date: 2019-04-01 16:07:24
Welcome to the thought process behind those of us who never exchange our good money for bad (I don’t like the term “sell” since it implies the fiat currency as a default, which I disagree with implicitly). 
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:35:18


Bitcoin *is* money, so no... I still have money, it's just Bitcoin instead of fiat.


I used to, but then I convinced our finance department to pay me directly in Bitcoin instead so I could skip the middleman.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:08:26
Don't change something critical without being completely convinced that it's the right thing to do?  Actually yes, this is exactly the right approach by both of these groups.
It's worth noting though that if the developers did change rules without the consent and will of the node operators, they'd quickly find themselves contributing to a project that doesn't communicate with the rest of the network anymore.
@_date: 2019-04-15 15:55:29
Hundreds of thousands of people are scammed out of their money daily.  It sucks, yeah, but the forks are just a blip in the sea.
I am lucky enough to have communicated with Satoshi before he disappeared and based on that as well as his public posts, I don't see any indication that he would have been morally outraged at the current situation.  He'd probably just be dismissive and say he's got better things to be putting his attention towards before ignoring it entirely and getting back to the technical discussions on the latest improvement proposals.
Satoshi clearly cared about making the world a better place through his creation, but he wasn't the type who would get involved in every little moral injustice that'd cause him to lose sight of the bigger picture.
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:01:09
No he can't, or at least not with any proficiency.
Source: I can code and I've seen his public contributions, questions, and so on (as can anyone else with a simple search).  If he can code well, he's *never* done so in a public repository and he's spent a lot of time building up an image of being really shit at it.
@_date: 2019-04-25 15:02:56
Do you also think is the best subreddit to ask about vehicle related tax questions?
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:51:20
Correct.  At absolute most, it'd be 21 million people (implying all lost coins were found again, and there were a perfectly even distribution of those coins; in reality it'll be much less).
There is no good reason to focus on owning 1 BTC.  If you're doing it for "the gains", instead, focus on owning as much as you can without causing yourself undue hardship should this experiment fail catastrophically.  Whether that's 10 BTC or 0.01BTC, the purchasing power of it will likely be much more 10 years from now (alternatively: zero, but while I do see it as possible, I consider it extraordinarily unlikely).
@_date: 2019-08-07 08:24:11
1. Stop caring about who says things
2. Start caring about what they say; investigate it for yourself; come to your own conclusions
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:20:31
A quick google search tells me [this]( is probably the candidate you want.  There might be better though, I didn't spend more than 20 seconds on it.
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:45:55
How about "not a trader"?
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:45:44
Laws are local things, Bitcoin is a global thing.  I think there's practically no chance of it being made globally illegal (there's too much disagreement between nations and it would be too much of a good thing for some nations to pass up if significant numbers of others banned it).
If my local country banned Bitcoin, I'd seriously consider moving somewhere that didn't.  Not directly because of Bitcoin, but rather because I don't want to live somewhere that proposes such draconian actions against my freedom to communicate.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:43:08
It may be scary, but it's also speculative at best.  I'm not saying it's not true, but I am saying that anyone claiming it is "absolutely true" either has information that everyone else doesn't, or is lying to push an agenda.
@_date: 2019-04-03 10:41:27
I honestly don't mind people doing that.  Sure, it's *better* if they accept it directly and use it, because that's increased adoption; but it doesn't diminish the advantages for me personally.
Whether I pay them directly or through a payment processor, I:
1. Don't need to hold fiat, thereby protecting myself from those risks
2. Can't be blocked by a 3rd party from sending the payment (they can be blocked from receiving it, but that's *their* problem, not mine)
3. Can prove beyond any reasonable doubt that I made a payment if it's called in to question
That's still pretty good in my books.
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:45:09


I'm unfamiliar with the term "opp".  I assumed it was some kind of phonetic reading of "OP" (original poster).


You are wrong in any context.  You didn't even argue against that.  You argued against the *relevance* of you being wrong in the context.
@_date: 2019-04-20 06:16:19
They're different things for different purposes.
A Trezor is a hardware wallet.  It keeps your private key secure by ensuring that it's never accessible remotely.  This is commonly called a "cold" wallet.  It is however not a node, meaning you are relying on other people's nodes for the definition of what is a valid transaction on the network and what isn't.
A Casa Node is a "full node in a box".  It saves you having to set up a full node yourself by providing it as a "plug and play" device.  It is expressly *not* a cold wallet since the private key on that node could be accessible by someone remotely hacking in to the system.  It is however a node, meaning you have control over what rules you accept as being true on the network and what transactions are valid.  If you disagree with the rest of the network, you'll be cut off from them, so you can't effectively use this to do whatever you want.  However in the case of a global disagreement where some people want one set of rules and others want another, you can ensure your node sides with the people you want to and not the others.  You can also use it as the base for many other tools and functions that require a full node (for example, if you want to set up your own payment processor software for a shop that you run).
If you want/need both of these kinds of things, it makes perfect sense to have both of these devices.  Personally, I use a Ledger Nano S hardware wallet (matter of preference more than anything; but Trezor is absolutely fine) and run my own full node that I set up on one of my servers at home (because I have the technical capability and preference to do so rather than pay for a Casa Node; but other people may have other preferences, so I'm fully supportive of what Casa are doing and don't think it's a bad thing even though I don't need/want it myself).
@_date: 2019-04-07 15:47:40
This has nothing to do with bitcoin and does not belong in this subreddit.
@_date: 2019-04-03 05:12:35
How about: “I will live somewhere that doesn’t double tax you just for using the currency of your choice”?
There are countries where using bitcoin as a currency for goods and services removes any special tax burden associated with asset sales. 
Germany is (probably) one of them according to my understanding of the relevant parts of the law (and my accountant agrees). Here, you’re only taxed if speculating and selling for fiat within a relatively short time frame (I believe 1 year; might be 2... I don’t recall exactly since it doesn’t affect me). 
@_date: 2019-04-28 10:15:30


Yes, and I think they're right.  I just don't want to argue about terminology and would rather argue about ideas.  Words are just how we describe ideas, not the ideas themselves.


Your second sentence doesn't follow from your first.  There are many possible reasons that fiat currencies "won" over metals and other similar non-fiat currencies.  A lack of inflation is possibly one of those, but I don't think that's a given.  You'd have to show *why* a lack of inflation is a bad thing without resorting to pointing at history where there are so many confounding factors as to make it an impractical example.
My expectation is that metals were unusable as currencies in larger economies because:
* Highly granular divisibility is difficult without resorting to pegged tokens (e.g. "gold backed dollar") that can be faked.
* Transport and security against theft are difficult without resorting to pegged tokens (same problem).
* It is impractical to confirm small quantities are real and not counterfeit.
These are all measurable and easily demonstrable problems with precious metals that have nothing to do with the supply.  Both Bitcoin and fiat currencies solve these issues (although counterfeiting fiat is often still a significant problem) and so in the absence of Bitcoin, moving to an unbacked fiat currency would have seemed attractive.
The problems of fiat that were mostly unknown at the time however are now reaching their breaking point and it's time for the world to move on to something better.  Something that doesn't have the same flaws as precious metals but replicates their positive points.  That "something" - to my mind - is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:33:12


Young people tend to be better at avoiding this than older people.  Facebook is "for old people" according to a large percentage of the younger generation.  They prefer systems that are more ephemeral and don't make data available for long periods of time.
Sure, they're still all centralised systems, but once these young people get a bit older and develop critical thinking skills, explaining the value of decentralisation to them will be much easier since the arguments are the same (but much more sound) as those they already know from their preference for ephemeral systems over non-ephemeral systems.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:18:05


The calculations of hashes secure the network, ensuring the immutability of the chain and therefore the core reason that the currency is able to used as such.


I don't hope anyone else will give me fiat for my bitcoin.  My bitcoin is far too valuable to me to give away for fiat money.  The only way bitcoin leaves my possession is when I spend it.  Speculation is gambling, and I don't do that.
@_date: 2019-04-15 11:15:31


I agree.  But I also separate the concept from the implementation.
I prefer a society with taxes than one without.  Just because we don't have a good way of organising that at present doesn't change that fact.
For "reality", I then have to ask whether I prefer a society with mismanaged taxes over one without.  The answer is still yes.  I've seen firsthand the difference between "somewhat mismanaged taxes", "very mismanaged taxes", and "close to zero taxes".  "Very mismanaged" and "close to zero" are similar in quality of life for the average citizen, however "somewhat mismanaged" is leaps and bounds ahead of those.
So, while I don't like the mismanagement of taxes, I'll take it over no taxes at all while continuing to fight for improvement in how they're handled.


I'm not sure direct democracy is a good answer either.  You end up with popularity contests ruling far more than they should in the spread of ideas.
Opt-in/opt-out are absolutely a part of the idea.  However, opting out of a society that organises itself with taxes means opting out of that society, not just out of taxes.  You can't be a member of society without following the fundamental ways in which that society organises itself.


Agreed.  People should have the choice to not be a part of the society.  But in that case, it's on *them* to leave, not to stay where they are and opt-out.  That's where majority rule is acceptable.  Equally the other way around - those who find themselves in a place where the majority want no taxes should be free to leave and go to a place with taxes.


If the majority think so and you *choose* not to leave, then yes, in my opinion it does.  However, before you or anyone else strawmans this statement: I believe in strict limitations on what I would be entitled to.  Majority rule should not allow me to simply deprive you of life or liberty purely because of your skin colour for example (to use a real case from history).
If you prefer to look at it differently: Consider taxes a kind of payment to the society for living within it.  You'll voluntarily making the choice to live in that society and therefore voluntarily paying for it.  You can stop paying and leave.  This isn't significantly different than paying to be in a nightclub, restaurant, hotel, or other private establishment, just on a different scale and where there is no single owner, thus the money from all the payments is used for the benefit of all members of the society.


I'm not entirely sure if I understand your argument here.  Are you saying that Ireland's near-anarchy was somehow a better quality of life than a modern taxed society?  
I'll agree that those people had few complaints about others taking a percentage of their productivity in an organised way, but they had a *lot* of other things to complain about.  Such as: people randomly killing each other, stealing each others things, and using strength/might/force to enact absolute will with little to no repercussions.
I am of course aware that strength/might/force is in fact used to back up taxes, but as I've said, this is organised, in agreement with the majority, and in a limited and precisely defined scope.  The rules aren't arbitrary as they are when I can just come by your house and steal your food, rape your wife, enslave your children and leave all because I've got more strength/might/force than you.
If this is your argument, I think you're absolutely insane, but okay, I won't stop you wanting to live like that.


I'm not ignoring them at all and don't see anything I said that makes you think I am.  I think there are some great steps in the right direction being developed and implemented.  My statement was that I don't think we have the complete set of tools or systems yet to be able to do away with the concept of governmental power/statism as it exists today.
@_date: 2019-04-15 15:12:27
It depends on how you define "government".
If you define it as "*a centralised body of people that make decisions for a nation*", then yes, saying "decentralised government" is an oxymoron since it can't be both decentralised and centralised at the same time.
However if you define it as "*the methods by which a nation's rules for society are determined and its funds are allocated*", then it does make sense to talk about doing this in a decentralised way.  I'm not actually sure that's what the guy you're replying to actually meant, but its what I mean if/when I use the term.
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:34:16
First you said: 


Which is a totally different statement to:


I completely disagree with the first statement but have no problem with the second. The second however doesn’t back up the first at all.
@_date: 2019-04-21 07:42:05


Umm, that doesn’t follow at all. 
It could also just mean he had access to the same publicly available information that we all do, and spent some time finding a more obscure point to make reference to. 
I’m not saying that is the case, but because this is a pretty straightforward alternative, it does make the claim significantly weaker.
@_date: 2019-04-15 20:19:49
I’m a “leftie”, support Wikileaks’ freedom as a media agency reporting information that they get, and think Trump is a moron that is less qualified to be president than a chimpanzee.  
None of these things has anything to do with Bitcoin or why I believe it’s a better form of money, so I don’t see why you’d bring them up in your post.
@_date: 2019-04-15 13:39:58


Sorry, what?  You don't "make accounts" for Bitcoin, you just create a new private key (usually in wallet software) and get some bitcoin sent to an address associated with it.


That's for exchanges, where people are quite likely to exchange fiat currency for bitcoin.  That's not the only way to get it though, and if people are wary of using them because of the KYC processes (which I don't blame them at all for), then they can get bitcoin other ways.  This is by no means a requirement to use bitcoin.


I recommend if you introduce people to bitcoin, you START with this and not with exchanges.  There is absolutely no good reason for someone's first exposure to bitcoin to be exchanging fiat for bitcoin on a KYC exchange.


I definitely agree with this statement, but not with how you got to it.
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:01:53
From an investment standpoint, I'd agree.
But I'd also agree with that viewing it this way is a weird approach.  I personally view it as uncensorable, *honest* money.
Some may choose to speculate on it - as people do with all currencies - but it's first and foremost a better kind of money and not just an investment.  It's *probably* a better investment than a lot of other things, but I'm not a speculator/gambler, so I wouldn't dream of giving anything other than a very long-term outlook in that regard (which is either "an incredibly large amount more than now" or "zero"; nothing in between).
@_date: 2019-04-14 13:56:12
That's one possible use, but to call it the "purpose" is definitely incomplete at best and flat-out wrong at worst.
I personally for example am strongly in favour of paying taxes and nevertheless consider Bitcoin to be one of the greatest potentially world-changing creations of the last several decades.
Note that I'm also strongly in favour of there being much more transparency and control by the people over where those taxes go, so I do want tax reform, just differently than the "no tax" folks.
For me, Bitcoin is about fixing money to be what it should be: a way to transmit value from one person to another.  Fiat moneys are used as tools of political control (through "allowing" and "disallowing" transactions), instruments of financial market manipulation (through control of the money supply), and more.  Bitcoin can not (by design) be used for these things.
When it comes to taxes, I don't want the government to be able to take my money without me choosing to let them.  I don't however mind there being a legal requirement (and potential punishment) for choosing not to.  This may seem like a semantic difference, but it's not.  It's about making a conscious choice to participate or abstain (with the consequences, such as potentially moving away to a different society that doesn't have taxes) rather than the default being "you pay them and have no real choice in the matter".
@_date: 2019-04-27 18:44:56
Of course it will work for that scenario.  Why wouldn't it?  It's specifically designed as a complete server implementation of the payment features used in bitcoin and is targeted at commerce as a self-hosted replacement for dodgy third parties that take additional fees and cause unnecessary problems for end-users (your customers).
You should definitely take advice and use BTCPay Server (and then whatever wallet or wallets you want on top).
@_date: 2019-04-22 18:40:44


Why?  BTC can be infinitely divisible if we need it to be (currently, the smallest unit on-chain is a satoshi (0.00000001 BTC), but off-chain (e.g. Lightning network) you can go smaller if the protocol allows it (LN supports down to "millisatoshi" currently).  If we really needed to change it on-chain, it'd be possible, but of course would need general consensus (which would likely happen since there's no good reason not to allow it if we find ourselves at a point where it's necessary).
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:52:10






Your conclusion doesn't follow from your premise.
Another possible (and in my opinion far more likely) explanation is that the vast majority of customers don't have bitcoin.


I spend bitcoin daily.  Because it is the only money I have.
I used to do "spend and replace" as a lot of people encourage, but that just made me realise that if I value BTC higher than Euro (my local fiat), it actually doesn't make sense to hold any of my wealth in fiat for any appreciable amount of time.  So now, any time I get fiat, I immediately sell it for bitcoin and use that bitcoin as my day-to-day money.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:38:36


I'd say, "until it goes up and doesn't significantly come down again".  That's the point that we've hit enough market saturation for the "whales" to no longer be large enough to influence the market significantly.
At that point though, talking about Bitcoin in terms of its exchange rate to fiat will seem anachronistic and kind of pointless.  Bitcoin will be less volatile than fiat currencies and thus it'll make more sense to talk about them in terms of bitcoin value instead.
@_date: 2019-04-28 09:13:29
Alright, I guess that's fair enough.  I disagree with the approach, but I also respect your freedom to use whichever approach you want!
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:57:50


You perhaps missed the point where I also said it's highly probable that they will become issues in your society (and mine) in the relatively near future as well.
@_date: 2019-04-10 17:15:19
Because clearly you are fucking terrible at communicating.
Even your first sentence of this reply:


...is wrong!  It DID go over 3000% in that time frame.  It went down again after that as well.  It is not currently 3000% what it was 3 years ago, so the other guy was wrong as well; but you are continually phrasing it incorrectly.
I think I know what you're trying to say, which is (as I already also said) "*it is not currently 3000% what it was 3 years ago*" (which is completely correctly), but you're spectacularly failing at actually doing so.
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:23:24
I'm not going to argue with a troll.  Respond to my comment properly (i.e. answer the actual examples I gave) or fuck off.
@_date: 2019-04-15 15:37:35
This kind of thinking isn't good.
If a large number of people exchange their dollars for bitcoin and then once it hits a certain exchange rate point, they want to exchange their bitcoin for dollars again, the first few will get it at that price point and that'll push the exchange rate down again.  This can trigger wild market cycles like we've seen in the past.
A better question is: Do you want to be a millionaire if a million dollars is only capable of buying a hamburger?
Right now, I've got a hundred trillion dollars sitting on the desk beside me.  It's from Zimbabwe in 2009.  I've also got a hundred billion German marks.  That note is from 1923.
I don't want to be a "millionaire" in a currency where a million is guaranteed to be worth much less ten years from now than it is today.  I just want my money to be provably mine, unable to be censored, and unable to have its supply be inflated at will.
I won't lie: I certainly wouldn't mind being rich, but if I'm ever to be rich, then I'll be rich in Bitcoin, not in dollars, euro, pounds, or any other kind of funny money.
@_date: 2019-04-15 15:03:18
I doubt it... that's Korean.
@_date: 2019-04-18 04:50:06
As said, this is a bank problem, not a bitcoin problem.
Even more specifically: it's a local issue in your country, and not global.  Here in Germany - before I got paid in Bitcoin directly from my employer - I would go to [bitcoin.de]( log in, select to buy an offer, have the euro automatically deducted from my bank account (no transfer necessary), and then send the newly acquired bitcoin to my own wallet.  The whole process took around 5 minutes maximum.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:23:16


Not the guy you're replying to, but of course I like to make money.  I just do it by earning and providing value to others rather than by speculating and gambling since they - by definition - don't generate value, simply take it from others.  I'd rather boost everyone up than boost myself up at everyone else's expense.
@_date: 2019-04-03 15:41:27
If you want development to feel like less of a black box, try:
1. Joining/Watching the discussion over in the [Slack](
2. Joining a developer [mailing list](
3. Join a couple of [IRC channels](
That should make things a bit more transparent (but please, in all developer contexts, please don't spam the environment with non-development related topics or questions that just waste time... you'll get muted or banned pretty quick so that people can actually concentrate properly on the work at hand)
@_date: 2017-04-15 18:25:26
I think very few people have that vision.
The people who espouse small-number high-value transactions **on chain** also tend to espouse the use of second layer networks for fast, cheap transactions.
@_date: 2019-04-05 07:48:46


It's irresponsible to imply that trading will guarantee greater profits.  It won't.  A lot of people lose a lot of money doing that.
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:28:30
That’s a totally different statement to your one above...
@_date: 2019-04-14 11:56:40


In the short term, probably.  In the longer term, I don't see why more than one cryptocurrency would exist.  I think that so far it seems reasonably clear that Proof of Work is the only system that effectively guarantees a secure chain, and basic game theory dictates that there's no good reason for two proof of work chains where both of them are "purely" a money system (i.e. there is no non-monetary reason to mine).
Based on this, long term, we should have exactly one monetary proof of work chain (and potentially one or more non-monetary proof-of-work chains, but I honestly doubt it).
I currently expect that Bitcoin will be that chain, but if not, then whatever takes over will effectively destroy Bitcoin in the process.


Which means - if my reasoning is correct - Bitcoin will reach that.
@_date: 2019-04-13 00:35:16
"Crypto" is just a buzzword.
Think of it this way:
1. Coins are secured by something.  In Bitcoin's case, this is Proof of Work; in some others it is Proof of Stake; while in others still, it's Proof of Authority.
2. Nothing other than Proof of Work is provably secure from the point of view of the physical laws of the universe.  Therefore, unless this gets proven otherwise, we can ignore all systems that don't use Proof of Work.
3. Money - by definition - has no value in and of itself.
4. Proof of Work rewards are fundamentally "converting energy in to value tokens" (by securing the network).
5. Over the long term, rational actors will always put their energy use (i.e. mining) towards that which produces the most reward.  (short term, this can be skewed by availability of hardware, personal biases and so on)
6. 3, 4, and 5 collectively imply that - over the long term - proof of work will be spent on one chain only and other proof of work systems will die.
7. 2 and 6 collectively imply that - over the long term - only a single coin will continue to exist.
@_date: 2019-04-01 13:08:06
Name a single currency that has technological improvements over Bitcoin that doesn’t sacrifice a fundamental feature of Bitcoin in the process. 
@_date: 2019-12-17 13:20:43


Strawman argument.  I wrote a book about LSD for self discovery, but that doesn't mean that that's the *only* other possible use of drugs aside from escapism.


As I already said, this isn't what the formal studies show.  The vast majority of illegal drug users are young professionals that use between 6 and 10 times per year, primarily at social venues such as nightclubs or events such as raves and festivals, and do not have addiction problems.
The reasons given for this kind of use tend to be along the lines of "*to enjoy myself more than I would sober, while avoiding the hangover of alcohol*"; "*to enjoy myself for longer than I would be able to with alcohol due to its effects*"; or "*to enjoy myself more than I would sober, without the risks associated with severely impaired judgment that comes with the use of alcohol*" (that last one is especially important for young women, who may be very vulnerable to sexual assault when drunk in public places and much less so on a moderate dose of MDMA or general stimulants).
I wouldn't class any of those as escapism.  Even if you would (in which case, I feel sorry for you that you equate "enjoyment" and "escapism" as it must lead to a very sad life), it's still ignoring the many other types of illegal drug use that aren't directly enjoyment related.
For example, I find that amphetamine is an excellent cold remedy.  Thankfully I don't get colds often, but when I do, I'd far rather take 25mg of amphetamine than an over-the-counter decongestant.  So, I keep a small amount for exactly that purpose.  I've probably taken it 4 or 5 times over the last 2 to 3 years.  It's not recreational, it's not escapism, it's not self-discovery, but it certainly is practical illegal drug use.


DNMs are not "more of a hassle" than finding and/or growing mushrooms (depending on where you live, finding them ranges from "trivial" to "basically impossible" and growing them is time consuming, when you may just be looking to take something 'next weekend').
Buying things on DNMs today is extremely simple and straightforward, even for newbies.  Things have moved on a lot since Silk Road.  Also, I'd personally rather take LSD than mushrooms.  Nature is far too variable in things like dosage and secondary (undesired) chemicals, whereas ensuring LSD is real, unadulterated, and reasonably dosed is a relatively simple process.
@_date: 2019-04-16 06:42:18
!lntip 777
My condolences for your loss. Satoshi was truly a great hamster.  ��
@_date: 2019-04-04 21:52:16


If I had said you were wrong that proselytising to laymen is a bad idea because of the benefits that bitcoin has, then yes, I'd see a fundamental disconnect.  But I didn't.  I answered [this comment]( where you were asking about comparing Bitcoin to credit cards/paypal.  At that point, your comment had *nothing at all* to do with proselytising to laymen and so my answer stating that your comparison was flawed also had nothing at all to do with that topic.
You're also strawmanning my argument slightly by phrasing it as "5 benefits to people in the 3rd world".  I don't appreciate that.
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:12:06
Dear everyone: Do not enter your private key and/or seed words in to this system thinking it's a good way to store other data "secured" by your key.  Doing so is transmitting your key across the internet, to a server controlled by someone you don't know, who can *very* easily save all information entered and look for interesting/valuable data (like your seed words).
@_date: 2019-04-21 03:25:39
1. Disagree
2. Agree
3. Disagree
4. Agree
@_date: 2019-04-17 12:58:41


The articles are, but the text is - [quite clearly]( \- on the front page.
Basically, unless you can provide evidence of what Satoshi was thinking when he did it, I feel the commonly accepted concept that the message is indeed more than just a timestamp is far more likely than it just being coincidence.
Perhaps put another way: Can you provide any reasoning other than just your opinion (which is definitely minority) about it?
@_date: 2019-04-02 14:28:08
1. The majority of young people don't generally have great critical thinking skills.
2. A larger percentage of older people have better critical thinking skills than younger people.
3. Older people usually have better critical thinking skills than when they were younger.
4. It is unlikely that critical thinking skills are "dying out" as a skill (evidenced by every generation for the last couple of millennia complaining about the lack of them in the following generation but somehow it never coming to pass that they die out)
Therefore: "*develop critical thinking skills*" is something that can be expected of some number of young people as they get older.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:26:51
I'm doing the same and loving it.  I used to get paid euro and have to exchange for BTC each time I got paid, but as of last month, I'm finally getting paid directly in BTC instead.
The next thing that I'm trying to get our HR and finance departments to agree to is being paid daily instead of monthly.  Since pay is now so much easier and has no additional costs on their side (they take miner fees out of my pay, as per my agreement with them), this is really just a matter of changing their software a tiny bit as far as actually "getting paid" goes.  Right now, the finance department doesn't really like it since it messes up their accounting assumptions a bit, but they're open to it if they can sort those other software components out a bit.
@_date: 2019-04-28 15:00:53
BaFin like to flex their muscles and pretend to be relevant but aren’t all that relevant for real adoption. 
If you want to set up an exchange, a payment processor, or something like that where fiat is involved; or something where you’re managing or holding BTC on behalf of other people (as a business, not privately), then yes, they’ll say you need a licence from them and generally be annoying like most German bureaucrats. 
However, providing software or services that actually work along the lines of the spirit of bitcoin (decentralised, self-managed/non-custodial, etc) is totally outside their area of interest. 
Just for example: If you want to build a bitcoin payment terminal for shops and sell it to them, then provide services so that received BTC goes to a non-custodial address such as one on a BTCPay server that you install for them, BaFin won’t be involved in the slightest.
@_date: 2019-04-03 10:51:59
That "deadbeat" gave me a job^(1), is around pretty much every day^(2), and even made an appearance in my daughter's grade 2 class^(3).
^(1 I work for a Bitcoin related company)  
^(2 I use Bitcoin as my daily currency)  
^(3 My daughter read a book to her class that involved Bitcoin and answered a lot of questions about it from her classmates and the teacher)
@_date: 2019-04-28 06:50:27
Okay, glad I could help clear up the confusion.
@_date: 2019-04-21 06:51:00
It is money and I spend it directly on food.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:14:36
Depending on where you live, there may be public places that are considered "acceptable" for these kinds of stickers.  The nearest big city to where I live for example, lamp posts and similar are considered open for this kind of thing.  As others have said, avoid putting them on private property.
I'd also suggest having the QR lead to [bitcoin.org]( or similar.  Being simply an address looks like you're begging and doesn't actually help anyone do what you're suggesting ("buy bitcoin").
@_date: 2019-04-28 06:58:01
I agree, but I don't see why not both.
The base layer should not sacrifice any of its fundamental properties (that make it such a great store of value) but more developers concentrating on adoption through 2nd layers would be something that I'd very much welcome.
Bitcoin is *money*.  Money can and should be a store of value, medium of exchange, and unit of account.  We've got the first one down pretty well, can work on the second, and the third should come quite naturally if the first two are sufficiently in place.
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:27:50
While I agree, I guess I'm just having a hard time reconciling this viewpoint with the initial statement about a "30% profit".  That profit is a profit in a devaluing currency, so while it may be 30% nominally, it may not be 30% utility.  Even if it's 30% more utility today, it won't be 30% tomorrow (loosely defined "tomorrow").
Really, my difficulty is mostly in that I view it precisely the other way around than it seems you do.  i.e. For me, bitcoin is the base currency that I measure things in and dollars are a speculative asset that I might buy and sell (except I don't, since I'm not interested in speculation).  So "30% profit" would - to me - be having 30% more bitcoin at the end of it than I had at the start.  I have a hard time with thinking about "profits" in a currency where I can't be sure of the actual value due to being unsure of the total available supply.  It's equivalent to saying someone has "100% profit" when they go from owning one car to owning two cars.  Sure, it's not technically wrong if you think of cars as a very strange form of money, but it's also extremely unintuitive.
@_date: 2019-04-15 16:06:57
I know.  I'm very lucky to live in a place where - although it's not common - there are enough places accepting bitcoin that I can live without ever needing to hold fiat for more than a few days.
However, its something you can try to make happen yourself.
I moved to my current place about a year ago.  It's a small village in Germany.  When I moved here, the only places I could spend bitcoin were online (including one pizza/fast-food delivery service) and my landlord (it's why I took this house, I asked every prospective landlord if I could pay in Bitcoin and this one said yes).  In the nearest big city, there was only one cafe accepting it, and a few really miscellaneous kinds of places like one hair salon and so on.
Every time I go in to any shop, restaurant, bar, or whatever I ask if I can pay in Bitcoin.  If the answer is no, I ask if I can pay with my credit card (since I pay that off using Bitcoin).  If the answer is no to that, I *leave the store*, making sure they know that they don't get me as a customer unless I can pay with Bitcoin (or worst case, credit card, but Bitcoin is better).  This has led to a lot of conversations with store owners (generally smaller stores, not bigger ones) and overall the sentiment is positive.
Because of me asking, there is one grocery store in my village, one cafe in the village, two more cafes in the city (as far as I know), one restaurant in the city, and one vape shop in the city that will accept bitcoin.  I also bought my current (second-hand) car using bitcoin: although the dealership didn't accept it officially, the sales guy was more than happy to take my bitcoin and pay his employer euros out of his own bank account.
@_date: 2019-04-08 08:30:18
In my experience, there are a lot of crap answers on Quora in general.  I answer things from time to time (usually about psychedelics and other drugs rather than anything bitcoin related), but when I look at the other answers to the questions that I answered, I really find the quality to be extremely poor about 90% of the time.
@_date: 2019-04-28 09:20:11
While fiat doesn't *have* to be inflationary (in either usage of the word), nor does that inflation *have* to cause prices of goods and services to rise, it's an unassailable fact that both of these have been true for every major fiat currency used in the world throughout history and continues to be the case today.  There have been short term phases on non-inflationary or even deflationary behaviour (again, in both meanings), but those are the exception rather than the rule for all major fiat currencies thus far.  Over any sufficient timeframe, they're inflationary and generally it's even explicitly declared by their governing bodies that inflation is intentional (under the misguided economic assumption that this is stimulatory for an economy).
I don't think most people here are as uninformed as you think.  I expect they're probably just taking a shortcut and calling fiat inflationary not because it is by design or must be under all cases, but rather that it's simply the case in all practical implementations that have been.
@_date: 2019-04-22 12:49:24
While that's all true, it's also true that the UK receives a lot of benefits (including intangible social benefits) as a member of the EU, and Brexit may leave them being much less attractive to global corporations than before.
I think one reasonably likely outcome of Brexit is for both the Euro and Pound to take a significant hit.
@_date: 2019-04-09 02:57:07
You're asking how trains, trams, buses and so on are easier than cars?  Ummm:
* Often faster (especially between locations within the busy part of a city)
* No need to find or pay for parking (which is generally more expensive than the cost of the public transport)
* No need to maintain the vehicle yourself
* No need to fuel the vehicle yourself
Again, this doesn't apply everywhere, but in large parts of the world it's a "no brainer" that public transport is safer and easier than driving a car.  Cars are for going places that public transport doesn't or for more flexibility in what time you travel.
I think the original analogy from works very well in this context.  With public transport or banks, you've got all of the ease and feeling of safety/security, but very little control over it, and are at their mercy for the rules.  With cars or bitcoin, you take on a bit of extra responsibility for looking after things yourself and the risks that come with that if you screw it up or do something stupid, but have full control over what/how/when/who/etc.
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:34:10
Buses, trains, trams, and so on in most of the world excluding the majority of North America.
@_date: 2018-11-01 21:57:52
In the "business world" there's a perception that talking about cryptocurrency - and even more so about bitcoin specifically - isn't "professional" enough.  They all want to talk about "blockchain" instead as if somehow the concept can be separated and distilled and removed from those weird cypherpunk roots where it started.
Of course they're wrong and they'll fail to do anything useful with this approach.  "Blockchain" is just a slow and inefficient database.  Everything that makes bitcoin's blockchain interesting is the stuff around it to do with proof of work, economic game theory, and the brilliant difficult adjustment concept.
But they don't get that.  Not yet.  So, the increase in searches for "blockchain" is just a symptom of this.  It's the business world desperately trying to get in on the latest tech fad before it passes them by.  They want to shape it and bend it to their controlled little private gardens.  Eventually, their developers will convince them (maybe after implementation) that a blockchain really wasn't the right approach.  They could just use a permissioned database after all.  And then their interest in "blockchain" will decrease again.
But none of this will affect bitcoin.  Bitcoin will continue to grow behind the scenes and one day those same business people will see it again and realise that they somehow screwed up.  They still won't understand how they screwed up, but they'll at least see that their "blockchain" project failed and yet bitcoin succeeds.  At that point - even without understanding it (or needing to), they'll finally start adjusting themselves to the new way of things.
We've seen it before with the internet.  The walled garden services of the 90s like AOL, CompuServe and so on were the same kind of attempt to take this wild geeky internet thing and turn it in to a business-palatable service offering.  Every pointless "blockchain" project is going to end up just the same as those evolutionary dead-ends did, relegated to the garbage heap of history while the real underlying technology that actually works becomes the mainstream to the point that people can't imagine it being any other way.
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:31:24
I bought my car with BTC.  It was the only money I had.  It is still the only money I have, so I'll be buying lunch with it later today as well. 
I'll agree that if you hold both fiat and bitcoin, you should spend the fiat first to get rid of it, but over a year back, I realised that the logical conclusion to that line of thought is simply not to hold fiat at all, so I don't.
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:19:23


You can claim those things as much as you like, but without an explanation, it doesn't mean much.
See, watch this: The Lightning Network is trustless, permissionless, censorship-resistant, and decentralised.
There, now who should someone believe from the two of us since neither of us have presented any evidence at all?
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:33:25
Not at all.  We don't have a problem precisely because of clever people doing clever work.  We should always continue to optimise and improve the base layer as much as possible so that higher layers can benefit from it.  However when people talk about a "scalability problem" in reference to "bitcoin failing", they are falsely implying that the current situation is such that bitcoin will ultimately fail without some new as-yet-uninvented technology.  This is wrong.  Bitcoin - as it is today - scales just fine to the level it needs to in order to act as a suitable secure base layer for global commerce.  Further technologies (I'd imagine mostly as extensions on top of Lightning, but there are other possibilities as well) are needed to enable mass adoption, but *bitcoin itself* is fine just as it is.
It's not all that different to my early career in the late 90s doing "Y2k solutions".  There wasn't a huge Y2k problem precisely because people like me solved the worst of them before the clock ticked over.
@_date: 2018-11-18 07:51:04
Why on earth did you write Bitcoin with an ß?
For those of us who speak German and recognise this letter, it reads as "Ssitcoin" and just looks dumb.
@_date: 2019-04-01 04:37:00
Depends where in the world you are... in some places bitcoin already *is* usable money for many daily things.  In some other places it isn't, but conversion to fiat is trivially easy.  In others still (like most of the US from what I've heard), it's a nightmare.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:16:02
Since there isn't a scalability issue, I guess we're fine then.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:39:27
I don't believe bitcoin needs to be "mainstream" to have "not failed".
Separately though, I'd also dispute that illegal drug use isn't mainstream in society.  It's extraordinarily prevalent in most western countries, ranging from low double-digit percentages to high double-digit percentages depending on the substance and whether you're talking "have used once" vs "use regularly".
(legal drug use - i.e. alcohol - is absolutely extremely mainstream, but I was initially implying illegal drugs and you clearly also meant that, so I won't argue the legal drug aspect)
All of that is beside the point of my argument against your point though, in that it's either unenforceable or turns you in to a police state.  Either of those outcomes aren't sustainable in the long term, and so therefore will collapse.  It would slow things down in terms of adoption, but I don't see any way that it would cause an end to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-17 10:28:37
How do they expect anyone to send them BTC without supplying an address?
@_date: 2018-11-10 22:43:38


Honestly, I was going to, but then you wrote this, so it's clear that no matter what I say it's not going to have any impact on you.  My claims and arguments have been hashed out here and elsewhere a thousand times so I don't see a need to justify them further to someone who clearly isn't going to even bother reading what I wrote.
@_date: 2018-11-15 09:04:05
I neither bought nor sold.  I did spend a bit, but that's practically a daily behaviour, so it certainly wasn't a 'reaction' to the exchange rate movement.
I exchange euro for BTC once per month when my pay comes in.  I then spend BTC during that month.
If the value of bitcoin rises, my money has more purchasing power for things priced in euro or dollars (which is pretty much everything I spend it on).  If it falls, my money has less purchasing power for those things.  So yes, I prefer it when it rises during the month, but since a drop also likely means I get more BTC next time I exchange my euro for BTC, it pretty much evens out in the end, and so I never really care too much about movements in either direction.
@_date: 2018-11-15 09:44:32
^(Disclaimer: I've never used it, so this is just my understanding.)
Yes.  That's the intention.  You simply give your employer a different bank account to pay in to (one belonging to bitwage) and bitwage take care of the rest to give you your pay in BTC instead.  Your employer never needs to touch bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-27 08:51:06
Absolutely.  When working with any non-trivial amount of money (as I'd expect to be stored on a hardware wallet), always assume that the software is compromised.
This is why hardware wallets have screens: so that you can confirm that what the software is displaying is really what it's asking the hardware to do.  If you see an address or a value that is different on the software compared to the device's screen, don't continue.
@_date: 2018-11-08 15:09:05
I really thought Sweden had much better education than that...
You are an idiot for falling for this.  You should consider it a learning opportunity and figure out just how many different signs there that this was an obvious scam and not real.  You should try to apply this critical thinking in other areas of your life because if you got scammed this easily on one thing, there's a very high chance you're being scammed by a hundred other people right now without you even knowing about it.
Don't get angry at the people calling you an idiot.  You are.  Get angry at yourself for falling for this and then take steps to fix it.  Become a better person instead of remaining as you are.
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:23:46
Everyone talking about a "sudden" event is missing the point that the number of newly minted coins gets smaller and smaller over time (every 210000 blocks; approximately every 4 years).  This means, there'll be a shift over time for miners from the bulk of the reward being made of new coins vs it being made of fees.  For a time, they'll even be able 50/50.
@_date: 2018-11-18 08:58:55
I guess what I don't understand is why you're talking about "how things are right now" when the OP was asking about a theoretical future.
I completely agree that currently, most on-chain transactions are 1 input, 2 output (don't forget about change), and that LN isn't widely used.  However that's pretty much irrelevant to the question that was asked, "*How large would Bitcoin(BTC) blocks need to be to handle 40 million tx per day?*"
@_date: 2018-11-22 19:46:41
I use a simple mobile phone wallet carrying a lower day-to-day balance since it's the most straightforward and user-friendly way to use it for now.  My hardware wallet storing most of my Bitcoins is on my keyring, but I only actually plug it in very rarely.  Two copies of the seed words are stored in locked, fireproof safes in different locations.
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:26:34
As an old guy rather than a millennial, let me say that I don't as a general rule trust people either.  I'll choose to trust some people to certain extents - friends and family for example - but there's simply no reason to expect complete strangers to have my best interests at heart.
In order to ensure that people do the right thing, they need to be incentivised to do the right thing.  In general it's easier/better to remove the people from any equation where they're not necessary, because then we don't need to worry about whether the incentives are correct.  It essentially removes a level of risk from the system.
Just to be clear, I don't actually expect people to be automatically adversarial to me either.  I just expect them to be self-interested.  Sometimes this will align with my interests, sometimes it will be neutral to them, and sometimes it will be directly against them.
@_date: 2018-11-20 05:44:48


Those are entirely "payment network" aspects.  The base layer could take an hour to confirm and have fees in the thousands of dollars and still allow for users to transact instantly with fees of a fraction of a cent when using payment networks (i.e. 2nd layer technologies) on top.


Then you clearly don't understand it.  How about you just fuck off and let us adults use it, okay?
@_date: 2019-04-02 09:27:54


Agreed, except I'd expand "need" to include "want to have now more than want to have more money in the future".
This is the same reason that people buy new cars, TVs, cellphones, etc rather than buying last generation devices at much better value (note: these things depreciate in value faster than fiat currency, so *for these items* the currency acts as if it has increased in value).
The myth that all unnecessary spending would cease must end.  Only unproductive unnecessary spending (i.e. "spending solely because you actually fear the loss in value of your money") ends.
@_date: 2018-11-27 11:11:46
Despite it seeming like a paid army, I'm of the opinion that most of them really are just unpaid trolls that "do it for the lols".  I wouldn't discount a few being paid though (and a tiny number of them actually being "concerned people" trying to "look out for us"; but if at all, then it's such an insignificant number as to be as goo as zero).
@_date: 2018-11-20 09:50:21
Out of interest, why do you think that?
Why is blockchain more interesting for you than proof of work?  Or the concept of mining difficulty adjustment?  Or the novel use of public/private keys as a pseudonymous identity proof with no centralised user database?
To me, all of those are much more interesting than the idea of a blockchain.
@_date: 2018-11-27 13:01:09


I know what you mean, but I don't like this wording.
Essentially, it's the ability to open new channel(s) without *extra* on-chain transactions, however existing on-chain transactions must still be used.  That is - in the simplest form - you can open a new channel at the same time as closing an old one (in more complex forms, you can open/close many channels with a single on-chain transaction and have channels that look "permanent" but in reality are occasionally closing and opening again without the user really needing to know or care about this activity underneath).
@_date: 2018-11-25 08:33:47
Absolutely.  Although, rather than "hodl", I'm more in the "spend" camp.  Mostly because I simply don't hold any fiat, and I do still need food, a roof over my head, and so on, so I spend my BTC on that.  Everything I don't spend is of course "hedl" though!
@_date: 2018-11-20 04:41:01
I have literally done everything in your list with bitcoin excluding buying a house.  Electronics and rent, I haven't used fiat in about 6 months.  Groceries are around 90% bitcoin, 10% fiat since the supermarket doesn't take bitcoin yet and the smaller stores that do don't carry everything we want.
I've seen houses for sale with bitcoin, just haven't personally bought one.
@_date: 2018-11-18 04:57:40


It was by far the largest exchange with somewhere over 95% of all trade, but it wasn't actually the only exchange.
When I say, "I don't recall...", I am actually speaking from personal memory.  I've been around bitcoin longer than most here...


I mostly agree, however it may be a more philosophical thing at that point.  If we needed to change away from Proof-of-Work for example because some clever physicist had figured out time-travel (yes, I'm getting very "ridiculous edge case" here), I'm not sure I'd want to even call it bitcoin anymore.
@_date: 2018-11-20 07:32:50


No, it really doesn't.  I agree that people believe this, and therefore following irrational emotion they have a strongly negative reaction to it, but it's simply 100% false that a fork increases the supply.  It creates an entirely different thing with its own supply but does not touch the supply of the original at all.
@_date: 2018-11-10 17:33:39
I used to think that way, and then I realised that it actually makes no sense at all.
Every euro I spend on something is a euro I could have used to buy more bitcoin (which would be worth more in the future).  Every satoshi I spend is a satoshi I could have saved (which would be worth more in the future).
In other words, whether I'm spending euro OR bitcoin, it's an opportunity cost either way.
Once I realised this, I just stopped using fiat currency almost entirely.  I live almost entirely on bitcoin (there are a few expenses where I can't, which is a pain, but step by step I'm getting there).  So, now I still have the same opportunity costs when I spend bitcoin, but at least I don't have the wasted opportunity of holding fiat unnecessarily.
@_date: 2018-11-25 06:55:23
I'm always vaguely aware in the back of my mind that many people in the US are what I'd term as "hyper-religious", but I still feel a bit dismayed and 'icky' when I see pictures like this.  It's just not the kind of thing I've ever come across in person in my daily life in any of the countries I've lived in so far.
@_date: 2018-11-18 08:10:10
I'll agree leadership might make adoption faster, but I disagree **very** strongly that leadership would make it less vulnerable.  Leadership - even by a group - gives a point of failure that bitcoin currently doesn't have.  Adding leadership means adding a **huge** weakness to Bitcoin, which is one of the several reasons that the vast majority of people strongly rejected the BCH fork.
@_date: 2018-11-17 10:58:05
You should probably read [this](
But if you just want the quick version, perhaps watch [this](
Even quicker version in three points:
1. It's hard money that can't be controlled by a centralised 'authority' such as a government.  Sure, rich people can manipulate the exchange rate to fiat currencies by buying/selling, but no matter how rich they are, they have no control over the supply or ability to censor transactions.
2. Bitcoin will never undergo hyperinflation because the inflation is predetermined and will reduce over time down to zero (around the year 2140 approximately, but it'll be "as good as zero" well before that).
3. Bitcoin has the largest number of properties of sound money compared to any other kind of money we've ever used in the past.  Gold has properties that are better than fiat.  Fiat has properties that are better than gold (although not really as many).  Bitcoin has properties that beat both of those significantly as well as several that neither of those have.
@_date: 2018-11-26 06:11:21
Whether you're right or wrong, it's completely insufficient to make any kind of reasonable statement about your ability to accurately forecast events.
Come back with evidence when you've got a larger sample size of predictions (including the samples where you didn't get it right so we can check how well you compare to random chance).
@_date: 2018-11-10 17:04:39
If you think "banking" is the only thing that separates the modern western world from poor African countries, I've got a bridge to sell you.
Those countries aren't in ruin because of a lack of access to banking.  They have a lack of access to banking because they're in ruin.  Adding banking there isn't going to magically make it wonderful, nor would removing banking here magically make it a shit-hole (as long as there is a viable alternative; which for the first time in history, we actually now have).
@_date: 2018-11-20 09:05:04
If this is correct (it certainly seems possible/likely, but without evidence, I won't assume anything), then it definitely is a good thing in the long run.  Those clowns need to lose their economic influence, and spreading it out amongst those of us buying it from them seems an appropriate way for that to happen.
@_date: 2018-03-22 11:00:36
US debt is measured in US dollars.  So, if they owe me $100, then to repay it, they only need to give me $100, regardless of what that is actually worth at the time by any other metric.
How exactly they managed to convince anyone that that's actually a good idea is beyond me, but they did.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:36:42
You can see the future?  Cool.
Sure, it might well go lower, but it also might suddenly turn around and rocket up, never to get that low again.  The point is, you don't know, so risking it is really just an educated guess at best and a straight up gamble at worst.
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:07:57


Every single one of those things is a payment system, not a currency.
Bitcoin doesn't compete with payment networks, it competes with currencies.  You should be comparing it to "the US dollar", "the euro", "monero", and so on.
Writing transactions directly to Bitcoin's blockchain certainly is one payment system, but it's a pretty crude and inefficient one.  Bitcoin need better payment systems built on top.  Perhaps even co-opting many of the existing ones that are used for fiat that you mentioned.
But just because they're not there yet, it doesn't mean that Bitcoin is somehow "not good", it just means you're comparing the wrong things.
@_date: 2018-11-21 12:55:29
I don't even know how to answer this.
If you add up all fiat value that I've exchanged for bitcoin and subtract fiat I've received for exchanging bitcoin for fiat, then it's a very big "loss".
However, my main use of bitcoin is spending it and I (essentially) never exchange it back to fiat.  I would've spent fiat on those things had I not spent bitcoin on them, so they probably should be factored in in some way.  If you include the fiat value at the time of purchase of things I've bought with bitcoin, I'm definitely quite a lot ahead (BTC that I got for under a dollar and spent on items valued in the thousands of dollars pretty much ensure that).  Exactly how much though is something I wouldn't even know where to begin trying to figure out.
My current car (second hand late model Ford Focus) for example cost me 1.1BTC.  I don't recall what its fiat value was at the time and nor do I have any record of that.  I could look up the exchange rate at the time, but doing that for every purchase I've made with BTC isn't really feasible.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:28:16


No.  I accept that it's okay to make other people do some limited set of things (including give up some of their wealth) for the collective good of everyone.
It's not "my bidding" because it must be for the collective good of the society and is limited in scope as to what can be demanded of them.  I see it as not significantly different than restrictions on undesirable behaviours (such as the majority of crime); just as it's okay to restrict people's actions by not allowing them to go chop down trees in the public park, it's also okay to take some of their money to maintain that park if the majority of people believe that having the park is a good thing.






I don't consider myself a statist.  I'm actually quite against the concept of traditional governmental structures because humans are generally corruptable and it doesn't work well from a game theory perspective.  I'm not sure we have the tools or systems in place for anything better just yet, but I'd like to see work towards it.
@_date: 2018-11-08 14:48:58
That's an absolutely terrible metric since NEITHER system scales in energy cost with regards to the number of transactions performed.  Both bitcoin and traditional fiat currencies could have tiny numbers of transactions or huge numbers of transactions with exactly the same energy cost as currently (or more, or less; the point being that they're completely unrelated).
@_date: 2018-11-14 10:20:32


No, such a thing would be better in pretty much every way.  If you can prove that such a mythical thing is even capable of existing though, I'll be impressed.
@_date: 2018-11-20 04:47:08
Okay, name a single one.
To be better in "every aspect", I also expect you to prove that it's got security/protection against governmental attacks by being truly decentralised, including being fully open source with no single dev team or leadership; uses proof of work, not proof of stake which is flawed (or prove that proof of stake is not flawed), and has enough work in the proof of work chain to avoid technological attacks from economically advantaged actors.
If you start arguing about things like "how fast it transfers" and "how low the fees are", you're not talking about the currency, but rather the payment network.  Just as I can transfer US dollars by putting cash in an envelope and sending it or via a bank transfer, the payment method is not a property of the currency (although ability to support different payment methods may be).
@_date: 2018-11-02 07:29:09
Because stocks aren’t a currency. 
Oh, you just assumed everyone interested in bitcoin only considers it an investment? 
Don’t worry, it’s a common assumption, but wrong.  Many people aren’t here to invest and try to get rich. We’re here because we believe that the traditional monetary system over the last century or so is fundamentally broken and we understand that Bitcoin is a better way to do things. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 05:08:07
I'm pretty far from being libertarian.  I strongly subscribe to the statement, "I like paying taxes, with them I buy civilisation".
However I believe that personal liberty must still be maintained whereever and whenever possible.  Societal good should be enforced, but in a way that reduces the overall possibility and capability for abuse of the system.
Bitcoin can not be taken from me without my consent.  In a hypothetical world where only bitcoin exists (and the absence of other significant changes) I'd still want everyone to pay taxes and have this backed up by force in terms of jail or other punishments for failure to pay.  But by having a system like bitcoin where there is no possibility for the government or anyone else to take an individuals money without their explicit agreement, there is less chance for abuse.
I view it that the taxes would be paid because the society collectively agrees that they must be paid.  The government is employed by the people to carry out that collective will even if it is against a small minority of individual wills.  The government however should not be empowered to take action against the collective will of the people, and so technical means that limit their powers by retaining it at the individuals are something to strive for.
@_date: 2018-11-18 07:44:23
Depends what you mean by "blockchain".
From a technology perspective, it's just a slow, inefficient, distributed database.  It's almost entirely uninteresting until you add to it a bunch of other technologies (which collectively is best described as "Bitcoin").
These technologies include things like proof-of-work, public/private key cryptography, and computationally-hard (read: impossible to realistically reverse) one-way hashing.
@_date: 2018-11-14 11:30:23
Again, this is where I say "prove it" rather than just stating it.
@_date: 2018-03-18 11:57:34
The issue is that the design *allows* for that kind of fraud and manipulation.  Bitcoin is - by design - unable to be manipulated in those ways.
Of course, while the market is still as tiny as it is, its exchange rate to traditional fiat currencies can be manipulated, but
a) that's a very different thing to manipulating the supply and free transfer of money;
and  
b) if/when the bitcoin market is large enough, this kind of manipulation also won't be possible since no single actor will have enough financial clout (essentially the same as the fact that no single actor can manipulate the US dollar or Euro value based on buying/selling alone; they need to use those other tricks which are not available for bitcoin).
@_date: 2018-11-10 08:43:48
I have no problem with the concept of banks existing.  I do have a problem with the concept of banks having the power that they do in the current economic system.  Remove that power and they can provide whatever services they want without any complaints from my side.
Whether I use those services or not will be my choice, and if they offer something useful, I might well use it (although I don't suspect I'll need/want a custodial account of any kind; I'm fine managing my own bitcoin personally; but I won't speak on anyone else's behalf in that regard).
However, your statement is entirely missing the point.  Banks do many different things, only one of which is acting as custodians for people's money.  It is the combination of these many different things (plus a few very specific ones) that give them unreasonable and dangerous amounts of power under our current global economic system.  This is what we mean when we say "**fuck banks**".  Remove their power to fuck the world over, and they revert back to being what they should be - businesses that provides potentially useful services to people that compete with each other on the basis of the quality and cost of the services they provide.
@_date: 2018-11-29 13:26:45
He's trying to fit something in to a definition where it doesn't fit and coming up with answers that are obviously absurd.
Bitcoin doesn't really "exist" anywhere.  You have a private key that the use of which (in combination with a hash or script referencing someone else's private key in a roundabout way) allows you to create new entries in a global ledger that changes a value in a provable way.
Of course, that explanation just leaves most people going, "huh?" and then walking away.  So instead we talk about "having bitcoins in a wallet" and "sending them to an address".
The legal framework needs to be updated to equate the technical behaviour with the user-understood behaviour.  Legal frameworks should recognise that if I hold a private key that has access to 500mBTC of unspent UTXOs then I am the "owner" of that amount of currency.
Honestly I'm not all that fussed if they do or don't, since I think legal systems are due for a massive shift and restructuring anyway; but just for sanity's sake, it'd be a good first step.
@_date: 2018-11-08 15:58:36
It has a few minor fundamental errors, but given it's written by a kid, I'll agree it's really not bad at all.  My daughter (7 years old) found it a challenging read, but could handle it.
For most adults though, I'd rather recommend "The Internet of Money" (and Volume Two) by Andreas Antonopoulos along with "The Bitcoin Standard" by Saifedean Ammous.
For adults with computer science knowledge, further adding "Mastering Bitcoin" to the reading list is a must.
@_date: 2018-03-06 17:01:59


Okay, great.


This is not really an accurate representation.  The transactions conducted on the Lightning network are bitcoin transactions that are simply "not broadcast yet".  So, without the blockchain, they have no meaning of any kind.  The blockchain is absolutely required to exist in order for Lightning to exist.


This is where the idea of a "watch tower" comes in.  If one or more third parties are watching your channel and the other party tries to close it with an old state, they are able to prove the current state using the most recent (or really, any more recent) state.  This punishes the attempted fraud.  Essentially they're doing what you would have done were you online.
Watch towers have no power to do anything other than broadcast the most recent state and there is no way for the parties to know what watch towers might exist working on behalf of the other end of the channel.
There is therefore no significant amount of trust required.  I won't say it's completely trustless since you do indeed have to trust that the watchtowers are honest, but since there's no economic reason for them not to be, you can generally assume they'll do as expected (and if you use more than one simultaneously - as I'd absolutely do for a channel with significant value in it - it becomes near unimaginable that there'd be an old state broadcast without it being caught).


I certainly hope so.  Every good open source project is; just like Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2018-11-16 11:35:50
Rule 10 on the sidebar: No trading.
@_date: 2018-11-10 17:01:33
Depending on where in the world you live, seeing a merchant accepting BTC is becoming less and less of a "wow".
What's important to me is that once they start accepting it, they can continue doing so and encourage people to actually use it with them.  My criticisms are all focused in that direction since "acceptance" means nothing if it doesn't actually lead to real "adoption".
@_date: 2018-11-13 08:19:21
I just got the jerky and I have to say - it's great!  Even as a self-confessed "non-fan-of-jerky", I really love it.  I've only tried the Srirarcha style BBQ so far, but even aside from the spice/flavour, the meat itself is absolutely amazing.
Just so you're aware though, there was a bit of a hiccough with the delivery.  I'm in Germany and I got a letter from the customs office saying I have to go pick it up.  I assumed it was because of the value and there might be a small import tax or so.
Unfortunately, it turns out that there's a 2kg limit on edible animal products unless the sender includes some kind of special EU-accepted health declaration (which is also apparently very expensive, so usually only used for major exports).  According to them, the box was just over 2kg.  They eventually let me take it, but it took about an hour of sitting around in the waiting room while they debated amongst themselves whether they'd destroy it or not.
Once I got home, I only then realised that 15 bags of 70 grams each is in fact only just over 1kg and even the whole box was labelled as 3lbs, which is 1.36kg, so this shouldn't have been a problem and I honestly don't believe them that there was any way they measured it as over 2kg.  I don't have an appropriate scale at home to weigh it myself to say for absolute sure though.
Anyway, this shouldn't be an issue for you shipping to people in Germany in general (including 15 bags), but be aware of the 2kg limit (e.g. if someone wants more than 28 bags), otherwise your customers may have problems.
@_date: 2018-11-14 18:36:38
I agree that in many parts of the world it is still quite a hassle to do so. I’m fortunate that I can trivially convert euro to bitcoin (and theoretically back, but I don’t) near instantly and without transferring the euro from my bank account somewhere else first. 
That said, have you looked in to options like Bitwage? That may ease the process quite a lot for you. 
@_date: 2018-11-10 08:50:54
I know nothing about CommerceBlock or their network, but I fully agree with their criticisms of Liquid.
I respect a lot of the guys at BlockStream and what they've contributed to the ecosystem, but Liquid seems badly thought out and carries significant risks.  To me, it would seem far more sensible for exchanges to open direct second layer channels (could be Lightning or could even be a private one-to-one channel) with each other to facilitate exchange-to-exchange transactions.
It would require a bit more work setting up the back-end to ensure that users balances (stored in databases rather than real separated wallets) are correctly reflected according to channel states but as long as exchanges are acting as custodial holders for their users, this is always going to be the weak point regardless, so it doesn't add any real extra risk to do so, unlike Liquid which does add real additional external risk.
@_date: 2018-11-25 08:24:24


That depends a *lot* on the society in which you live and what income and costs can be expected during unemployment.  In most of Europe for example, that would be excessive and unnecessary, so would just be a pile of cash sitting around losing value that instead could be working for you in sensible investments.
@_date: 2018-11-10 21:13:04


I have no idea what "powerbanking" is supposed to mean sorry.  If it means all of the additional services that banks provide on top of merely acting as custodians of their customers' money, then yes, I agree that bitcoin doesn't replace most of these services.  I never claimed it did.


I consider this to be a positive.  An economic environment that isn't based on debt is fundamentally more stable in the long term than one that is based on debt.


This needs to be viewed in context.  It allowed China to be able to interoperate in the global market that was already acting under a specific economic system.  This gave a benefit, absolutely.  But just because fitting in with a bad system is a benefit for you, it doesn't make the system itself any better.  That's like claiming that a gay man in 1950's small-town USA is "better off" by getting married to a woman and having kids since it'll avoid him getting murdered by bigots.  Probably true, but totally missing the fucking point.


Or perhaps you just don't understand the arguments?
@_date: 2018-02-08 09:53:18
No, "getting blind drunk" is often about escaping your life (although it can also just be an accident through inexperience/ignorance), but enjoying a drink or two with friends is - for many people - one of the best ways to have an extremely enjoyable time socially.
Personally, I don't really drink much at all (a few times a year at most, and I haven't been really drunk in well over 10 years) because I don't enjoy the effects of alcohol and the taste of beer isn't really my thing.  But just because I don't enjoy it, I don't see any good reason that other people who do enjoy it shouldn't use it (in moderation).
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:27:16
Because thinking "*it might do this*" doesn't mean "*it will do this*".
I also expect the exchange rate to continue to drop for a bit before it goes back up again.  However I could be wrong.  This is why I don't trade.  I just buy BTC every paycheque, regardless of the current exchange rate.
Even with the loss in relative value this year, I'm really not all that bothered.  Of course, [it's been quite a while now](
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:14:32
You're not looking at wallets in that chart, you're looking at addresses.  There's a significant difference.
1. One address may hold coins for many people.  The largest addresses are cold storage for major exchanges.
2. One wallet (private/public keypair) may have many addresses.  A single wallet may hold 20BTC and you don't see a single address in it holding more than 1BTC for example.
3. One person may have many wallets.
Essentially, this means that looking at the distribution of coins in addresses tells you almost nothing about the ownership distribution of the coins.
@_date: 2018-11-20 10:17:26
Then we agree on what's interesting, just not the terminology.
The problem is that many people implement a "blockchain" project missing one or more of the key parts that makes it interesting/valuable/useful.
@_date: 2018-11-10 08:38:25
It's entirely possible for an organisation or institution to do both *good things* **and** *bad things*.
Banks do provide some useful services under the current (deeply flawed) system.  They also are a major part of why the global economy is falling apart and leading us towards what could be an economic catastrophe larger than the effect of any war, famine, or natural disaster to date.  These statements aren't mutually exclusive.
So, I agree fully with **fuck banks**.
@_date: 2019-01-21 11:48:38
If 80% of a certain nationality clearly doesn't fit in to (your) society, it does indeed show there are some real problems.  I'd argue however that it's **not clear** these problems are with the people immigrating.  There are in fact many alternative explanations, such as:
1. people from this nation are discriminated against, causing negative feedback pressure for them, pushing them towards crime and other issues.
2. people from this culture are not being given the appropriate cultural information in the appropriate way to help them integrate well.
3. people from this culture have trouble finding social groups outside of their own culture within your society.
4. there is something making it desirable for a larger proportion of the problematic people from that other nation to emigrate to your society instead of the less problematic and criminal people.
and so on.
It's *also* possible that there is simply a cultural tendency towards violent and antisocial behaviour, but I find this difficult to believe since that - by definition - isn't a stable configuration for any society.
As far as I can tell from your username and what I remember seeing you post in the past, you're in the Netherlands.  I'm pretty familiar with it (ik ben zelf geen Nederlander, maar ik was vaak genoeg daar) and some of the cultural challenges it has faced and currently faces.  Outside of the melting pot of the tourist centres like Amsterdam, NL suffers a big problem with the social environment for immigrant integration.  There are plenty of "accepted minorities", which makes the country seem good at integration (e.g. people from the former colonial countries, such as Indonesia), but for new immigrants, there is both a surprising lack of resources as well as a very closed culture towards anyone that doesn't "fit in".
@_date: 2018-03-05 05:11:45
Yes, I really do.
Second layers like Lightning are not limited to a minimum unit of 1 satoshi.  They'd be required to settle on-chain in satoshi (unless a hard-fork happened to increase the on-chain divisibility) but they themselves have no strict requirement for it.
If it were ever the case that a beer cost 1 satoshi, there's no way that every transaction would be on-chain.  It's simply not feasible.  Therefore the natural assumption is that a second (or third, fourth...) layer would be the standard for small and simple transactions.  On-chain transactions would happen infrequently and primarily for the establishment and disestablishment of transaction channels (e.g. similar to opening and closing a bank account).
@_date: 2018-03-07 06:19:28
Again, I agree with all the points, but not the conclusion.
If someone fails to take all of the 'paranoid' steps, the risk is still very low.  Just to take one example: *most* of the time, a network connected printer won't be a problem for printing a paper wallet.  It's strongly advised not to, but if you do, then the risk of key loss only exists as long as the printer still stores a copy, which is generally only a day or so unless you specifically told it to store it longer.
Similarly, a key generated on a network connected computer is also very unlikely to be stolen.  It's a risk that we shouldn't take since we know better, but for the majority, it's not going to be a problem just out of "dumb luck" that no one had compromised their system in advance and there was no storage of it for it to be retrieved by a later compromise of the system.
However, keys stored on a custodial system like coinbase - whether there's 2FA or not - are always at risk.  The service itself is a target for attack from serious players (not just casual malware producers); there's a risk of government interference; there's a risk of theft by an employee of the service; there's a risk of losing access through loss of credentials (similar to local key loss); and more.
So, the way I see it is that with own storage of keys, there is a risk of loss; but there's an equivalent and equal risk for loss of access to a custodial system PLUS significant additional risks on the custodial system that don't exist for own storage.
@_date: 2018-02-13 06:27:20
Honestly, if you'd asked me 10 years ago, I doubt I would've found a single positive thing to say about Microsoft at all.
While I still don't like their operating system (neither for server nor desktop), I can't deny that almost everything else they're doing has been top notch recently.  Azure is a well thought out cloud platform that is significantly more straightforward than AWS; they've embraced making .NET portable cross-platform (and providing tools to do so); they're contributing more and more to open source projects; and even actively working with Canonical to get a full Ubuntu environment running on top of Windows.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:12:57
In that case, the *only* correct answer is "never".  As with *every* other payment method in existence.  Not exactly a helpful answer.
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:50:26
Or to people who want to be understood.
Words have meanings.  You can't just make them up as you go along.
@_date: 2018-03-24 14:21:02
Not for me, no... but neither is working myself to death and living like shit just to increase my financial value.
I enjoy seeing interesting things, meeting interesting people, having deep conversations about topics that interest me, making love to my wife, teaching my children about the universe, and challenging myself with novel problems that I haven't encountered before.
None of these things cost a huge amount of money.  Don't get me wrong, I'm doing okay money-wise.  I'm in my late 30s, I have a 6 figure income in a job that I love doing, I'm debt free, and have a few fun toys that I spent more money on that I really 'should' according to most financial planner types.
The point is though that I know I could have a lot more money, but I refuse to sacrifice my quality of life to do so.  I will exist for somewhere around 80 to 90 years if I'm lucky.  I want to spend as much of that being happy as I can and not wasting huge amounts of it on collecting money with the hope that I can use that to be happy later.
@_date: 2018-11-18 18:26:38


While I wish they hadn't done so, I don't think it's okay to say they shouldn't be allowed do so.  To me, that's essentially the same kind of thing as censoring their speech just because you disagree with it.  To me, anyone can create whatever fork they want.
Beyond that is the technical aspect.  Whether you have leadership or not, the best you can do is say, "no, you're not allowed".  You can't actually stop them doing so.


I agree, but consider it irrelevant.


I disagree.  A collective leadership is still a centralised point of failure.  It's somewhat more distributed, but is still far more centralised than the current decentralised nature of bitcoin where *everyone* is free to choose their own rules if they wish.


Then you should look to other projects.  Bitcoin can not and will not ever have leadership.  It's in the very DNA of the system itself.  If you don't understand this, then I'm sorry to say but I don't think you understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-12 13:13:10






Because it's simple and elegant.  It doesn't try to do anything beyond the necessary, instead allowing for clever technologies to be built on top and around it without influencing the underlying system.


Yes.  I think it mostly already has.  There are a few things that need to happen, but they're all currently being actively worked on.  The only big open question is routing on a massive scale, but even that might not be necessary if we have a collection of different routing systems implemented side by side.


Likely, but not 100% definite.  We shouldn't do so until all daily usage of bitcoin is on higher layer protocols and the base layer is used exclusively for settlement/management of the higher layers.  If we then find that we're hitting the limits of usability (i.e. the higher layer functionality is hindered by the congestion of the base layer), then it may be time to start considering and discussing a moderate increase in block size.


On the base layer, I'd like to see things like zero-knowledge proofs implemented as standard; but I'm not sure that it's really necessary once we've got mass adoption of second layer protocols.


BetterHash is one I'd like to see, to reduce the potential for miners to act against the interests of the network.  I don't believe they have yet done so, but there is a risk of government intervention right now that doesn't sit well with me.


I don't think much about them at all.  In general, they're a company with some good devs, but I think the Liquid network they've created is really quite uninteresting and not very useful.
I don't believe they have significant influence over the direction of bitcoin as some people claim.


Yes, but as mentioned, there are risks with the pools.  Therefore improved pool systems (such as BetterHash) would be welcomed.


ZCash's zero knowledge SNARKs would be nice to have.  Mimblewimble's confidential transactions are also good, but I'd like to see it implemented in Bitcoin directly (if at all) rather than as a sidechain.  Obviously, it's one or the other, not both.
I don't think there's anything particularly interesting in 99% of the "crypto" projects out there though.  Most "solve" problems they perceive in bitcoin by fundamentally breaking one of the core value propositions that bitcoin offers and are therefore dead from the start in my view.  Even considering those kinds of features as interesting is fundamentally a bad thing.
@_date: 2018-03-30 10:47:10
I should have said "basic mathematics combined with social evaluation", since I don't believe that mathematics alone is sufficient to explain anything at all in the universe without a contextual environment that it is describing.
It's possible that my social evaluation is incorrect, however I don't believe so.
1. There will only ever be 21x10^6 BTC in existence.
2. There are around 7.6x10^9 people in the world.
3. The majority of people do not currently own any BTC.
4. Bitcoin is useful (immutable, uncensorable transfer of value).
5. Some percentage of the people in the world will either require or desire at least one of the use cases that Bitcoin has.
6. The number of people requiring or desiring it will fluctuate as power structures around the world fluctuate, however the current direction of most of the world (increase in authoritarianism and control over populations) points to a greater need for Bitcoin's use cases.
7. Bitcoin will become easier to use over time as more applications are created for interacting with it.  This is generally true of any software system, but can also be seen to be true historically thus far.
8. As Bitcoin becomes easier to use, more people that have a requirement/desire to use it who did not do so previously will begin do so.
9. Bitcoin mining costs time and energy, which can be directly represented as a cost in currency terms.
10. Bitcoin miners will not mine at a loss (i.e. should the cost of mining 1 BTC be greater than 1 BTC with no alterations possible to improve this, they will choose to cease operations).
11. Bitcoin miners who choose to exchange their bitcoin for fiat will do so at the highest possible exchange rates.
12. When bitcoin miners cease mining (decrease of hash power on the network), difficulty adjustment will occur and bitcoin mining will become easier (lower energy costs per bitcoin mined).  This must reach an equilibrium at a point, ensuring that some mining will always occur.
13. As long as some mining occurs (energy is expended), and there is a use for Bitcoin (which there is), it must continue to hold a value.
14. Bitcoins can be lost/destroyed permanently from the ecosystem (e.g. I once deleted around 200BTC back in the CPU mining days when I got worried about it damaging my system).
15. The less bitcoin that exist, the more each individual unit is worth due to the limited supply (point 1) as long as they continue to hold a value (point 13).
16. The value of fiat currencies decreases over time due to inflation.
17. Therefore according to points 15 and 16, over time the exchange rate between BTC and fiat currencies must increase in BTC's favour.
Now, all of that is pretty uncontroversial really.  The easy argument that I can imagine being made is that there's nothing in the above that stops it "crashing" down to a tiny value and then only increasing marginally over time, essentially remaining nearly worthless.  I don't disagree that this is a possibility.  However due to the usefulness (point 4) and the direction global politics is headed (point 6), I think it's extremely unlikely.
Not only do I think it is extremely unlikely, it's also not something that would really bother me significantly because it wouldn't alter my ability to *use* bitcoin which is what I care about.  I'm not here to get rich, I'm here to have a decentralised, immutable, uncensorable system of money.  As stated, I am interested in adoption, because that increases the cases where I can use it, which is good.  The fiat exchange rate is just an indicator of adoption from my perspective.
@_date: 2018-11-28 13:18:03
I definitely am.
When I first read his book, I said "at last, someone who *isn't* from a technical background that actually gets it".  Before that, there were plenty of tech people that got it but seemingly no one outside of the technical echo-chamber seemed to have a grasp on why it works economically and not just technically.
The "mainstream" didn't really want to listen (and often still don't) because they (quite fairly) believe that technical people aren't really specifically any more trustworthy when it comes to economics than anyone else.  From their perspective, it was just a bunch of tech geeks raving about this awesome new technology. (I'm a tech geek myself, so I certainly don't mean any of that negatively)
So for someone with an economic background to come along and explain it as elegantly and clearly as Saifedean did was like a breath of fresh air.
As a side note, I also think this is where the whole "blockchain is awesome, bitcoin is just a fad" business mindset came from, since clearly the "geeks" were all very excited, but since they "don't understand economics", it must be the underlying tech that's interesting.  What they didn't (and generally still don't) get is that the entire set of Bitcoin technology (which is much more than just blockchain) is all about economics.
Game theory is - at its core - agnostic to the field it is referring to.  Economic activity, the features of money, and the role of money in a society are fundamentally all about the game theory of value.  What this ends up meaning is that the implementation of a clever trustless-trust and value mechanism in algorithms and code (i.e. Bitcoin) is fundamentally an economic solution even if it doesn't immediately look like one to classically trained economists.
The implementation of this mechanism and a decade of evidence that it really does actually work should be a strong sign that people need to start listening to "the geeks" about economics.  These "geeks" have been able to build and describe aspects of economic systems in ways that traditional economic modelling hints at and skirts around, but never addresses directly.
Despite a lot of strong negative sentiment currently out there, I'm extremely positive about Bitcoin's future both in the mundane aspect of its direct value (i.e. purchasing power) and the far more interesting aspect of giving humanity a much better way to understand economics and ultimately even geopolitics.
@_date: 2018-11-11 10:50:44
Audiobook: [
But no, it's not (legally) available for free.  It's a great book and you should support the author by buying it.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:15:30
Similar to drugs... because clearly the entire drug business has failed badly.  No one produces drugs anymore and demand is at an all time low... ^(/s)
Making possession of bitcoin a criminal offence is either toothless (unenforceable) or turns your country in to a police state.  No rational country would even try as the harm they'd do to themselves would far outweigh any benefits they might consider getting from such an action.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:32:42
That's not a valid address.
If you were able to send funds to that address, your wallet is seriously buggy.  That said, your funds would never have gone anywhere and would really still be in the original wallet even if it's showing as having been sent.
Far more likely though is that you did send them to a valid address, and therefore it's not the one you think you did.  Try taking a look in a block explorer at one of your SENDING addresses and see what activity it has on it.  I'd be willing to bet you've got one character wrong/added/missing somewhere in there.
@_date: 2018-11-16 08:25:16
I'd advise against selling.  You should spend those bitcoin.  Since you're in Australia, a good and easy way is to stop paying bills using AUD directly and instead use [Living Room of Satoshi](  You can pay any BPay bill that way, and even though the biller gets paid in AUD, you never had to touch it manually.
Assuming you really do want to sell, you can also use the same service to simply transfer the AUD value to your Australian bank account.
I believe you'd probably get a somewhat better exchange rate using an exchange, but they also tend to be more hassle/slower, so paying a tiny percentage extra is usually worth it to avoid the hassle.
@_date: 2018-11-14 04:51:23


Possibly because you're not very good at presenting logical arguments.  So far, you haven't done so at all - simply made claims and then told me to look it up myself, which is very lazy.


This is completely untrue.  Present me an argument (preferably in syllogistic form, but it's not required) and I'll be happy to discuss each of the premises until we can find axioms we agree to.  Once we have premises we can accept as axiomatically true, and a conclusion that logically follows from these premises, I *absolutely will* accept it.
It's very easy for me to change my mind in the face of valid evidence against my beliefs.  So far, you haven't presented anything, so expecting me to change my mind would be pretty stupid.


Again you state this with nothing to back it up.
You don't even seem to understand what a 2nd layer is.  From your previous posts, it seems to be you think of it as some kind of secondary side-chain where the funds are traded independently of the main chain and then only periodically settled.  This is one method of off-chain scaling, however it does suffer from being weaker from a security perspective.  Liquid is an example of that kind of off-chain scaling.  Lightning is not.
@_date: 2018-11-30 16:48:28
Do you care if the $20 note you got in change when you went grocery shopping was once used in a drug deal?
If not, why should BTC be any different?
Money gets used for stuff.  Some of it is legal, some of it is illegal.  Some of it is moral, some of it is immoral.  What it was used for before is entirely irrelevant to what it will be used for next.
@_date: 2018-11-13 12:26:12
The laws of physics dictate what the most powerful computer could ever possibly be (for a given energy input).  Even with such a device powered by the full output of the sun, you won't be able to brute-force a 256 bit hashing algorithm.
With the full output of a galaxy, you'll do it easily, so once we're a multi-galactic civilisation, we might need to increase the number of bits in our hashing algorithm.
(of course, there might be undiscovered mathematical tricks that would let us break it more easily; but that's nothing to do with computing power and everything to do with fundamental mathematics.  It does currently seem unlikely to be the case though)
[Relevant image](
@_date: 2018-11-08 15:25:28
I've been working on a research paper explaining the cost vs value of proof of work (essentially trying to prove mathematically that it is conceptually 'perfect' in terms of representing fundamental value).  I'm unfortunately not as far along as I'd hoped to be due to an unexpected medical problem, but I am getting there slowly.
Writing a part of the paper sent me down the rabbit hole of explaining/investigating what "energy expenditure" really means when talking about PoW.  Anyone who has taken a high school science/physics class can tell you that energy is neither created nor destroyed, but only changes form.  Most people will also be reasonably aware of the concept of entropy and that the arrow of time is essentially one of increasing entropy (which can also be described in terms of information decay within the universe).  We don't "destroy" energy when creating bitcoin, we simply convert it from a more ordered form to a less ordered one.  This is actually the general description of "work" as a whole, so it isn't surprising that a *proof of work* system behaves this way, it's just not usually spelled out as such.  Bitcoin uses the evidence of this conversion as a marker that the work to do so was performed and the infrastructure of the Bitcoin network allows for "ownership" of these markers through a fundamentally trivial (i.e. it costs almost nothing in energy terms to prove and transfer ownership) system.
In essence, this means that short of finding a way to fundamentally change the behaviour of time itself, it almost certainly isn't possible to have a better descriptor of value than that of a PoW system like bitcoin and the only improvements possible in energy use are tiny ones when talking about improving the energy cost of things like working with digital signatures and other aspects unrelated to the PoW system.
@_date: 2018-11-16 09:44:10
Or just someone who actually completed high school.  There's nothing in that post (or any other post from Satoshi) to indicate to me a deeper and more comprehensive understanding of law than a typical educated person from a first world country.
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:18:58
It's going to be fun watching the same trolls out in force again then.
@_date: 2018-11-19 04:42:02


Agreed, but I don't think that's relevant.  It's not my place (or yours) to tell other people what they can and can't do amongst themselves.


Possibly true, but I wouldn't have been too happy about that.  I don't think that it would be desirable to raise the block size any further.  I'm not in favour of shrinking it, but if it were smaller - let's say half the current size - I probably still wouldn't be too happy about raising it.


It doesn't need to be stated explicitly in the whitepaper to be true.  It's implicit in the design of a decentralised system.  One very large aspect of a decentralised system is that there are no leaders.  Otherwise it's **not** decentralised.


I honestly don't care who said what.  Satoshi could have said it and if he had, he'd have been wrong too.
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:02:39
I don't see any such posts from you in December...
I do however see posts that show a complete misunderstanding of the technology that are then filled with you either completely failing to understand (or just trolling) some of the very patient people trying to explain things to do.  [Like this one](
Regardless, even if you had correctly predicted movements in the USD exchange rate, if that's all you care about then you *still* don't understand bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-02 07:57:06
I’m not really a fan of jerky in general but I have found that smaller manufacturers are often miles ahead of big name brands and I have on occasion eaten some really good jerky. Also my wife loves it in general, so I’ve just ordered to support you and if I don’t end up eating it, I know my wife will. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:51:19
I'm well aware of the definition of all of those terms.  What I was asking for was an explanation, not statements.
@_date: 2018-03-31 06:50:39
That's pretty sad to hear actually.
Even if I didn't work in the space, I would still care very much about it.  Decentralised cryptocurrencies are one of the ways for the world to increase basic freedoms amongst all people.  To me, there are very few better causes than those that increase/return people's basic freedoms.
@_date: 2018-11-25 23:06:57
Why do you assume no one will mine once generation of new coins is zero?
Miners will be living on transaction fees tens of years before that happens and will continue to do so afterwards. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:14:24
Do you really think reddit is an accurate indicator of the real world?
And: do you actually look at the usernames of people talking, or just take the general sentiments/statements of the subreddit in general?  Because I get the feeling that most posters are pretty consistent, they just tend to post at different times.  So during times like this where the exchange rate is dropping like a stone, you see a lot more of the trolls but also a lot more of the uninformed "lambo moon boys" responding to those trolls.
I disagree with your long term assessment that "*The crypto fad will one day be one of those stupid trends like beanie babies and tide pods*", but I do agree that there's a lot of people who have very little justification for their belief in a strong recovery.  That said, I don't think they're wrong; I just think they're right without evidence for it, which is lucky for them, but still not very smart regardless.
@_date: 2018-03-06 07:27:29
To answer your edit: Actually it signals that your reply was content-less to the point of not needing a response and not useful to the conversation.
If you have real concerns with Lightning, please do describe them and I'll be happy to discuss.  I even do have a few concerns myself, but I don't think they're insurmountable and I fully expect them to be resolved as development of the system progresses.
I use upvotes and downvotes as they're intended - to signal what is an interesting/relevant/useful/informative comment vs what is not.  I don't use them as "agree" and "disagree" buttons.  So, if you write a comment with a concern about any part of a bitcoin related technology (that hasn't been discussed and answered many times over already on this sub), I'll upvote you even if I disagree with you.
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:04:24
How can you bribe a watchtower if you don't know who it is?
Basically anyone with an always-on internet connection (including the ability to set up a cloud service if they wish) can run a watchtower.  It doesn't have the same kinds of economic requirements as mining.
There will be a very large number of them and many of them will be 'secret' or 'private' rather than public services.  I might run one for my real-life friends for example, but never publicly advertise it. 
 You simply never know how many of them may exist or who they are for the other end of any channel you open, so attempting to be dishonest in closing the channel with an old state is extremely economically risky.
As for your "in development" term: there is no reason to believe it will be "pre-production grade" for longer than any other carefully curated project.  So far, it hasn't existed long enough to make any kind of statement about the quality or speed of development long-term.  Right now, I'd say they're doing pretty well at systematically finding and fixing things in the codebase from what I see on github.
@_date: 2018-03-03 17:41:14
No, you've misunderstood the username!
*Clearly* this user just has an ex-girlfriend named Eva that he really hates.
@_date: 2018-11-14 08:40:34
"Facts" should probably be fact checked.
\ A bit off.  The newspaper article in question was published on that exact day that the first block was mined.  The text is clearly a statement, but beyond that, it's a kind of a timestamp as well by proving the block could not have been created before that date (like some kind of secret premining).
\ Flat out wrong.  The block reward halves approximately every 4 years, not "decrease by 50% per year for approximately the next four years"
\ Muddy thinking.  At today's bitcoin prices, it's clearly the most expensive pizza ever, but just because the value of a currency changes, it doesn't change the price of things bought with that currency in the past.  Otherwise you could say that the hyperinflation of the Venezuelan Bolivar means that everyone was getting insanely cheap stuff in Venezuela before (cars for less than the price of a loaf of bread!), which is clearly just stupid.
\ A bit off.  I wouldn't call namecoin an altcoin, in that it's not intended to be a "coin" as such but rather a kind of utility token (which is also merge-mined with bitcoin).
\ Misleading.  Bitcoin hash-power is not general purpose computing and so comparing them is meaningless.  It's like saying that a nuclear bomb provides more energy than a banana in an article about food.  Technically correct, but invites the reader to a very poor understanding of the reality.
\ Flat out wrong.  Blocks are 10 minutes on average, not five.  It won't take longer as it gets harder, that's what difficulty adjustment is for.
I gave up after the first 20... there's even more I could have nitpicked within those first 20, but the above are enough to make my point.
@_date: 2018-11-18 08:24:13
I'm not German.  I just speak it.
@_date: 2018-03-30 09:54:28
If the police were to seize my equipment, there'd be zero evidence they could extract about my DNM activity (other than my post/comment history on reddit and several other online locations, which is absolutely not enough for a conviction of any kind).  More importantly, they'd have no access to any of my bitcoin - except perhaps the small amount on my phone's hot wallet as they could compel me to unlock that with my fingerprint.  That isn't helpful for anything drug related though, since those coins have no association with any coins I use on DNMs.  The addresses that have been used with DNMs are not visible or accessible on any of my equipment without knowledge that is held only inside my head (nor even any sign that such evidence exists but is hidden, so there's nothing that would make them think they need to look for it).
If they seize the equipment of someone I've traded with, then I can only hope that the supplier isn't stupid enough to keep records of customer delivery addresses, since - while it isn't my address directly of course - it is potentially possible to trace that back to me.  This advice is strongly stated by every DNM when someone signs up to be a vendor though, so as I only use long-time vendors with excellent ratings, I feel they likely care enough about their operational security not to do something stupid like that.
Suffice to say, that risk would exist regardless of the type of crypto that I use.  There's nothing anywhere on the blockchain that they could identify me from only having access to my equipment or the equipment of those I have traded with.
@_date: 2018-11-20 08:49:13


This is incorrect.  It is a currency.  The method by which it is transferred between users/people is not a feature of the currency, but a feature of the payment network.  Bitcoin's blockchain is not a particularly fast payment network, but that doesn't prevent you from using others that are faster (e.g. Lightning).


Volatility is an aspect of the small market.  Yes, it can be annoying, but for those of us who actually use Bitcoin as a currency rather than a speculative asset, it's not actually all that problematic.  This is because the amount of time I'm holding bitcoin between getting it and spending it tends to be quite low, so the volatility over longer time periods isn't as relevant.


"The blockchain" is only one of the many technologies that make up Bitcoin.  It's not even the most interesting or novel.  Furthermore, when used alone without the others, it's supremely uninteresting (essentially just a slow and inefficient distributed database).


Yes, they can.  But since one of the technologies you ignored - proof of work - provides security through both the current *and historical* energy expenditure, someone else simply cloning the system and creating their own is not automatically creating something equivalent, because it doesn't have the same history and therefore not the same security.


Mostly, I'd agree with them, but I think "eliminate" is perhaps too strong a word.  It will drastically alter the banking system to be unrecognisable by today's standards, but it'll take a long time getting there.
@_date: 2018-11-26 04:26:23


As a non-German living in Germany for over 11 years now: what they hell are you smoking?  This is the most depressingly negative culture I know of.  "New stuff" is treated with suspicion and mistrust and people spend more time complaining to each other about the negative aspects of things they like than they do about the positive.
@_date: 2018-11-10 16:15:20
How could you possibly interpret that from what I wrote?
Just as a side note, I do own a house.  I don't live in it (I do in fact rent the place I live in and have a good relationship with my landlord, who I pay in BTC) but I do own it as an investment and possibly a place I might want to live once we're older and the kids have moved out on their own.
@_date: 2018-11-26 04:33:53
1. High enough that miners are sufficiently rewarded for their work.
2. No, because normal day-to-day users will not be transacting on-chain directly.  They will be using off-chain networks that are secured by the underlying chain.  Management of these networks will be performed by on-chain transactions where the costs are shared amongst the users of the networks, making it trivially cheap per "real" transaction, while maintaining a high on-chain transaction fee for the miners.
3. This question is meaningless in light of my answer to question 2.
4. Regardless of the number of miners, the transaction speed is the same.  Bitcoin has a difficulty adjustment that ensures new blocks are found every 10 minutes on average.  That said, this theoretical situation won't happen.
5. People do ask these questions - constantly - and other people answer them.  They're pretty standard, well-known, boring questions.
6. I don't understand this question.
7. I am.
8. If Bitcoin were not capable of surviving indefinitely due to a flaw in the design, then yes it would be concerning.  I'm not concerned.
@_date: 2019-01-08 07:30:58
I guess your username is accurate, since I'll freely admit you are *technically correct* (which - as we all know - is the best kind of correct!)
I'd argue however that although the total cost of mining globally increases with the value of bitcoin, which is indeed directly related to usage, I think that view is missing some critical nuance.  Specifically:
1. Production of assets, mining of raw minerals, and similar are generally only performed for profit.  That means that the value extracted/produced is expected to be greater than the expenses put in to it.  When viewed like this, the "cost" of mining is less relevant.
2. Even when viewed as if there's zero gain (i.e. cost is simply "wasted"), the costs of mining don't scale linearly with usage.  That is, if Bitcoin has twice as much usage as today, the cost of mining is not necessarily twice as much as today.
3. Second layer networks such as Lightning skew this even further since it's usage of Bitcoin without being *additional* usage of block space.  This enables significant further usage of the currency, which may affect the exchange rate (however see next point), but as mining profit incentive switches towards collection of fees rather than newly minted bitcoin, the number of transactions becomes less relevant than the need for new channels which are the on-chain transactions giving fees that miners want.
4. Exchange rate to fiat is not obviously tightly bound to mining cost over short time scales: We can in fact see from global hash rate that during 2018, the hash rate continued to increase significantly despite the falling price.  The "big dip" in hash rate actually only set it back 6 months (which it's already recovering from) meaning that it is still higher than when bitcoin's exchange rate with USD peaked.
I think all of these together show that while - on the longer time scale and/or as long-term averages - your concept makes sense and is likely/probably correct, the reality over shorter time scales is quite different.  Point 4 possibly shows that it's more the case that mining cost and exchange rate together find a minimum equilibrium together but are not bounded in the upwards direction for exchange rate or downwards direction for mining cost.
@_date: 2018-03-04 07:02:01
Technically interesting, but I still don't get the real world value.  It seems at odds with the general game-theory that we're used to in Bitcoin/blockchains.
1. In a BlockDAG, wouldn't the majority of blocks created at the same time simply contain almost the same transactions (given that miners tend to take the most profitable/valuable transactions from the pool)?  This seems to increase the number of blocks without actually increasing *useful* throughput.  The DAG size was addressed in the video, but not how it relates to useful transaction count.
2. How do we handle miner rewards/incentives?  In a chain, it's easy.  In a DAG, the "orphans" have use/value/meaning and so aren't really orphans.  But we don't know their weighted value to the chain in advance, so it seems like this could be gamed if we reward all blocks equally.
I could just be misunderstanding it since I was still drinking my morning coffee as I watched this... anyone help?
@_date: 2018-03-02 10:33:10
And those will cost less than 1 satoshi...
@_date: 2018-11-18 12:29:17


I don't disagree, but I don't see that as a negative thing.  If two groups of people fundamentally disagree about the rules that the chain should follow, then a fork *should* happen.  No one should be forced to follow economic rules they disagree with.
Note that I don't like BCH and I think that it will ultimately fail.  But I don't think it was wrong for the fork to happen.  A group of people thought that on-chain scaling was a good thing and that segwit was somehow bad and dangerous.  I - and many others - disagreed with them.  They should have every right to go off and try their little experiment (no matter how misguided) while we go ahead with the rules that we agree with.


Thankfully, this is completely untrue.  Blockstream don't have nearly as much influence over the direction of Bitcoin as many people seem to believe.  They are just one company that happens to employ (or have employed) some of the bigger names from the developer community.  Those developers in no way have any kind of veto power or ability to put code in that the majority disagree with.  If they did, you'd have seen another major fork by now.
I applaud Blockstream for the positive things they do for Bitcoin.  I also occasionally say negative things about them, like my comments about their "Liquid" sidechain (I think it's next to useless and really just kind of stupid).


I disagree both that it's only selfless individuals and that it's not enough.
From a marketing perspective, there is a huge amount of advertising happening these days from exchanges (just from posts I've seen here on London buses, London underground, NYC subway, Australian buses, Tokyo trains, and probably some more I've forgotten).
I think you're just being impatient, wanting things to happen fast.  But things that happen fast also often fail fast.  Bitcoin is growing - slowly, but surely.  One day, it should hit enough of a critical mass that it suddenly 'explodes' in the minds of everyone and becomes a "common thing", but it'll take time to get there, and that's okay.


I couldn't disagree more.  Those projects have been appearing and disappearing for years now and I don't see any indication that any of them will ever achieve anywhere near the adoption that Bitcoin has.


Leadership is *always* a potential point of failure, by definition.  Whether it actually happens or not is another story, but there is no such thing as a system with leadership where destruction of that leadership doesn't lead to severe damage to (or even complete destruction of) the system.


In some things sure.  In a decentralised currency that is designed to work by everyone acting in their own self-interest? Definitely not.  Leadership is required for centralised systems, because centralised systems don't work when everyone is only out for themselves.  You need someone to steer things and make sure that the system itself can meet its goals.  Truly decentralised systems on the other hand suffer under leadership, because it's trying to shoehorn them in to a centralised framework.  It adds a point of failure and brings nothing of value.


I don't see anything even coming close to "leaving Bitcoin behind".  I don't even see anything approaching it at this point.
If you want a centralised system with leadership, feel free to pick one of the many projects you think will beat Bitcoin.  Meanwhile, I'm going to keep running my Bitcoin node, enforcing the rules that I agree with, and taking part in the most interesting global economic experiment that has ever existed.
@_date: 2018-11-16 08:04:17
I completely agree that proof of work is heavily overlooked and a fundamentally important aspect of bitcoin.
I wouldn't however agree that it's the *most* overlooked feature.  To me, the most overlooked feature would be the difficulty adjustment system combined with the block subsidy adjustments that ensures we have predictable supply of new coins with an ever decreasing level of inflation.
@_date: 2019-01-31 10:56:52


No "selling" necessary.  If *you personally* decide to run a node that blacklists those UTXOs, you're welcome to do so.  If enough other people do as well (including at least one miner), there'll be a fork.  If either side adds replay protection, it'll be a permanent fork (and at that point you could think about splitting and selling one side if you wish).  If neither side adds replay protection, the smaller chain will be reorged in to the larger one essentially immediately.
I'd honestly be extraordinarily surprised if the "let's censor UTXOs we don't like" chain had even a tiny percentage of the support for it.  But even in the incredibly unlikely event that it did have a majority, I'd be sticking with the uncensored coin for the long term.  The chain that censors isn't what I personally call Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-30 10:52:13
Pretty much the same here in Germany.
If they actively caught me with something by chance (like seeing me pull out a baggie of white powder in a public place and snort a line off my phone), they'd of course charge me.  But they have zero interest in chasing down some guy who might have a few pills or tabs of LSD stashed away somewhere if he hasn't taken them already after having ordered them online.
They'd much rather go after the guys importing truckloads of meth over the borders from the east.
@_date: 2018-03-18 12:13:01
That implies a desire to sell... If I just wanted to buy stuff to sell again for a higher price in fiat, I'd get in to trading on the pump-n-dump alts.
I hold bitcoin because I feel it is a better currency (primarily in terms of safety/surety) that the fiat alternatives. I feel safer/surer holding a currency that:
1. I know I can use at my discretion and under my control rather than the whims and desires of others.
2. Can't be devalued in terms of the currency itself (1 bitcoin will always equal 1/2100000 of the total BTC supply.  One dollar will not always equal whatever fraction of the total dollar supply it currently represents).
3. Does not *require* that I place trust in others for transactions performed at a distance (but doesn't prevent me from doing so should I choose).
4. Allows me to provide evidence beyond all reasonable doubt that a transaction of a certain value between myself and one or more other defined parties has or has not taken place.
@_date: 2019-01-15 09:44:06
"Withdraw" is just to move from the Lightning Wallet to the on-chain wallet.  You can also "withdraw" by paying yourself on a different LN node and then closing that.  So yeah, it's annoying to not have it implemented, but if it's an exit scam, it's a pretty badly planned one.
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:32:17
That's what shipping-container-based mining equipment is for.  Easy to transport to be near the power source and then easy to move again later if necessary.
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:31:14
Antminer is a specific brand of ASIC miner produced by the company Bitmain.  There are other ASIC miners also from other manufacturers.
@_date: 2018-03-09 05:48:12
It seems you're imagining a case where there are miners living off the newly minted coins in each block, then suddenly one day it just stops and there's a massive difference in miner income from one day to the next.
However, that's very far from the case.  The newly minted coins halves every 210000 blocks (4 years approximately).  It started at 50 coins per block and has halved twice since then down to 12.5.
After the next halving, it'll be 6.25.  Then 3.125.  Then 1.5625.  Then 0.78125.  Then 0.390625.  And so on.
This means that the amount that miners get from newly minted coins vs the amount they get from fees will slowly re-proportion itself over time.  It will actually be *long* before the final newly minted satoshi that the miners no longer really care at all about the newly minted coins and are essentially living exclusively on rewards.
To give an idea of this, although the first 50 coins were minted in 10 minutes, the final 50 coins will be minted over a span of around 80 years - the final half of which (around 40 years) will be spent minting the final 1 coin.
So, in the scenario where bitcoin fails to massively increase in exchange rate, the number of miners will slowly ramp down over time as it becomes uneconomical for them to mine.  The ones who stay will still be economically viable due to the reduced competition.  This slow reduction combined with the difficulty scaling would ensure that blocks still continue to get mined every 10 minutes or so despite the reduction.
However the far more likely scenario is a massive increase in value as the supply of new coins becomes smaller and smaller.  This increase in value coincides with an increase in the value of fees (remember, they're measured in bitcoin itself, not in fiat), meaning miners have no need to shut down their operations and can instead continue their operations solely from these transaction fees.
@_date: 2018-02-08 10:24:14
While I'm on your side in the debate in that I think if someone wants to buy a lambo, they should buy a lambo and no one has any damn right to call them out on it, I disagree about experiences.
Driving a cool car is an experience.  Seeing your cool car is an experience.  Touching your cool car is an experience.  If you can imagine travelling and think it's just as good as the real thing, then surely it's the same for having a lambo.  Personally I don't think it is.
Really experiencing things - whether it be travelling, having a really cool car, taking psychedelic drugs, or becoming a parent - has always been significantly different to my imagination of it beforehand.  No matter how much you think you can, you simply can't accurately imagine an experience you've never had before.
@_date: 2018-11-18 07:38:30


Easy to say, but since it hasn't happened yet and there's not even a well written theoretical concept about how such a thing could happen, I'm going to have to disagree.
@_date: 2018-11-23 11:22:29
If someone makes a Proof-of-Stake hardfork, it'll be just another (shitcoin) altcoin, not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:10:07


Yes, it does.  But in a transaction where I exchanged some of my euro for some bitcoin, it's equally as valid to say, "I sold some euro" as it is to say "I bought some bitcoin".  People almost exclusively use the latter though, which is what leads to the perception of bitcoin as something other than a true currency.
@_date: 2019-01-18 09:26:12


And wouldn't it be nice if the merchant can honestly say, "sorry, I can't"?
For those who choose not to accept my money because of the transaction history of my coins, I'll go to their competition who do.  That includes black market if necessary.


Those merchants will not get my business if there is an alternative that does not do so.
Again, this is a simple case of how markets function.  Those merchants who make things more difficult for their customers are going to lose out against those merchants who don't.
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:23:18
But Google didn't reinvent TCP/IP or HTTP in order to replace Yahoo; and Facebook didn't do it to replace MySpace.
Bitcoin is the protocol.  There will be apps built on top that get popular and then replaced by better ones, but the underlying protocol just improves, replacing it is unlikely.
@_date: 2019-01-18 13:59:35
My response was not a "no true scotsman" fallacy.  It was the equivalent of stating "*the term 'scotsman' is diluted to uselessness if it's referring to any 4 limbed mammal within 2AU of the sun*", and therefore the argument did not hold weight.
Going with your definition of cryptocurrency: yes, you'd be right.  But that definition of cryptocurrency *doesn't serve a useful purpose* for determining anything about members within its set, because its set contains objects that *don't share enough common attributes*.  The point of placing things in to sets is that they share common attributes and so you can speak about them in generalised terms (when sticking to those attributes, not others).  The thousands of digital currencies that have failed share almost no common attributes with Bitcoin (other than being digital currencies) and so say precisely nothing about it.
@_date: 2018-03-30 10:01:35
I don't think it's "the most" negative I've seen, but I do know what you mean.  There are a lot of very fresh accounts that post here (and probably are responsible for upvoting each other also) - and often exclusively here - with extremely negative statements about bitcoin and its future.
The most likely scenario seems to be that it is a coordinated and deliberate attempt both to reduce confidence in bitcoin as well as increase the appearance of bitcoin users as being naiive and/or stupid (which further decreases confidence in those who are just investigating it for the first time).
Social attacks on bitcoin from those with vested interests against it (be it the traditional financial industry or alt-coins) are to be expected.  Some will likely be reasonably successful, since as social animals we easily fall prey to this kind of attack, but it's my expectation that long term, the inherent value of bitcoin (which exists whether people understand it or not) will be sufficient to overcome these kinds of attacks also.
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:11:12
I make high 6 figures as a senior manager with technical background (former developer) in the cryptocurrency/blockchain industry; and it's my opinion that people who start off by saying how much they earn are pretty much just fuckwits that don't really know what they're talking about and instead think that making a decent amount of money somehow means their opinion is more valuable.
Your inability to understand Bitcoin isn't an indicator of it being worthless, it's just an indicator of your ignorance.
@_date: 2019-01-03 05:43:31


And this is exactly how *most* people will use bitcoin in the future.  They don't know how their credit cards work right now, but still successfully use them.  Bitcoin will be the same.


Yes, it's currently got a terrible UX.  This will improve in time as developers build nicer and nicer systems.


No, it makes next to no sense for these.  The game theory aspects that ensure the security of Bitcoin don't work in these scenarios and so the whole idea of using a blockchain breaks down.  The use cases that people talk about for these are just jumping on a tech bandwagon without understanding it because of the buzzword.  They would be better off using databases with multiple write-keys required to handle the inter-trust issues.
@_date: 2019-01-16 05:17:58
Online "wallets" like blockchain.com are not really wallets, they're more like bank accounts in that someone else actually has complete control over the money and you're only "asking them" to do things with it for you.  I don't know the details of them, but in general you should not expect to be able to get your own private key out of it.
From the article you found, it seems it might be possible, but it's still far more of a pain than it should be.
Instead, if you're still keen on creating a paper wallet, I would recommend:
1. Download a piece of mobile or desktop wallet software.  For your specific use case right now, I'd advise against a full node like Bitcoin Core since it will take a long time to synchronise to the network.  In general though, I do encourage learning more about Bitcoin and then running a full node.
2. Create TWO separate wallets within the software, being careful to follow the instructions about seed words correctly.  One is for you, and the other is for the paper wallet you want to create.
3. Transfer your bitcoin from blockchain.com to these wallets (probably called something like "withdraw" on the web system).  You could do this as two transactions from blockchain.com or as one transaction from blockchain.com and one from the first wallet to the second. (if blockchain.com supports user controlled batching, you could do both in one transaction; but I highly doubt they do)
4. To gift the paper wallet, you could either just give the recipient the seed words you wrote down in step 2, or create a private and public key from these words.  There are sites to do this, such as [this one]( but as a general rule for safety/security, you should ***never*** do this online (use a saved copy of the page on an offline computer instead).
Alternatively, the site at [ would also do it without you needing to download mobile/desktop wallet software first (again, running a saved copy offline; not online), but you probably *should* be running your own wallet anyway instead of relying on blockchain.com purely for safety/security reasons.
All of that said, paper wallets are not really a great way to gift Bitcoin because they're very easy to make mistakes with either in the creation or usage process.  For someone that already understands it, it's pretty safe, but if someone already understands it then they probably already have an address you could just send some bitcoin to as a gift.
I recently gifted my father-in-law some bitcoin as a total newbie, so I also gifted him a hardware wallet at the same time (a [Ledger Nano S]( and stored the bitcoin on it for him.  Obviously this has a lot of extra cost associated with it, so doesn't make sense for a smaller gift, but for a larger one it saves a lot of hassle.
@_date: 2019-01-21 05:36:33
Both my kids own some BTC, most of it gifted from me on the day of their birth.
My daughter was born in 2011, and my son was born in 2014.  My daughter gets half her pocket money in BTC and my son will as well starting on his birthday this year.
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:52:00
!lntip 666
^(happy cake day!)
@_date: 2018-03-24 14:03:27
Or they just value quality of life over money...
@_date: 2018-11-16 12:57:27
Well, I gotta be careful.  If they suck and scam OP for all their money, I'd rather not be blamed for it.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:04:47
Strangely, no one has commented yet with the straightforward answer to your question. 
Bitcoin is not the first digital currency. Earlier digital currencies were centralised and had a kind of “clearing house” server to avoid that people could spend the same money twice. This was considered a necessity since there was no other solution. 
Being centralised however also meant they were vulnerable to attack (both technical and legal). This made them short lived and never hugely valuable or popular. 
What Satoshi solved was the problem of how to prevent double spending without having a centralised clearing house. 
@_date: 2018-11-18 06:53:53
I've always preferred looking at the exchange rate the other way around.  Number of dollars or cents per BTC is far less fun to look at that number of BTC per dollar (best shown in a reasonable denomination like mBTC or satoshi).
The exchange rate you have displayed there for example can be shown as \~181sat/¢ or \~18080sat/$
@_date: 2018-11-18 06:58:42
[Tasseographers]( are saying $2K.  I think they're about equally as likely to be right as "TA people".
Meanwhile the [scatomancers]( are much more positive.  Recent prognostication using honey badger scat has shown a price of $1 million in the next 2 years.
@_date: 2019-01-09 14:10:23
I rent the house I live in, and yes I pay my landlord with bitcoin.
The house I own is in another country.  I've owned it since before bitcoin existed.  I don't have a mortgage on it - it's mine.
A small grocery store in my village accepts bitcoin because I explained it to them.
A lot of other places don't take bitcoin.  For them, I use a credit card (denominated in fiat) and then pay that off using bitcoin.  This doesn't require holding any fiat even though it was a fiat transaction.
I never said I don't *use* fiat, I just said I don't *hold* fiat.  I'd like to live entirely without ever having to make a fiat based transaction but right now, that isn't possible where I live and with the things I do in my life.  I expect though that it will be in the future.
@_date: 2018-11-25 13:52:02
That's "simple" if you're able to accurately predict the future.  I'm not, so I don't try.
@_date: 2019-01-08 11:08:51
!lntip 10
Here's 10 satoshi.  I'd recommend either tipping it on (the same way I tipped you) or sending it to your own wallet directly by messaging the bot with !withdraw &lt;invoice&gt; (where &lt;invoice&gt; is the Lightning invoice generated by your Lightning wallet software).
@_date: 2019-01-09 12:56:46
To be fair, the on chain wallet is never custodial and the LN wallet doesn’t have to be if you set up your own LNDHub for it. Admittedly, most won’t, but it’s at least possible. 
Bugs absolutely need to be ironed out, but as it’s open source (both bluewallet and lndhub), it’s not like we’re at the mercy of a single closed dev team. 
Personally I’m actually quite a fan of the LNDHub approach to remove complexity from the mobile client side. It does introduce additional potential attack vectors but it also removes several others if used correctly. 
Right now, it doesn’t do everything I want/need in a mobile wallet but as it grows and progresses, it may become my mobile wallet of choice for iOS. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 10:26:54


Smartphones; new cars; home entertainment equipment; etc etc.
People buy luxury goods all the time that devalue quickly and would be much cheaper if bought once the next model comes out.
@_date: 2018-11-25 13:55:02
Yes, it sells when a certain price is reached (below the current) in order to avoid a greater loss.  However if it gets hit and then the price rises before you buy in again, you'll end up with less than you started with.  Whether or not that occurs is the "future prediction" that I have no intention of trying.
@_date: 2018-03-30 10:58:15
Absolutely, another coin could come along and be better than bitcoin.  Then I'd be interested in that.  I don't see any reason to discount this possibility.
So far though, absolutely none of them are.
@_date: 2018-03-07 05:24:54
Oh absolutely.  I completely agree.  However my point is that they'd also store their coinbase credentials that way and therefore lose access to those coins just as easily.
@_date: 2019-01-28 09:51:18
Also non-custodial Lightning if you're able to set up and configure LNDHub correctly (definitely a lot more effort at the moment, but it's still early days of course).
@_date: 2018-03-08 08:08:21
I'm sure there were people in the upper echelons on the Roman Empire that believed the same...
The United States and Roman Empire really do have quite a lot in common and nothing lasts forever.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:13:26
That's fine, but you shouldn't necessarily assume that others don't and tell them not to go to that page because of it.  Some of us **like** our psychoactive drugs.
@_date: 2018-02-28 04:50:00
In that case, your argument is that my answer was inappropriate/irrelevant to the point, not that it was incorrect.  So your statement that what I said is "a myth" is still completely wrong.
As to the relevance of my point: I was answering when it could considered paid.  I believe you either failed to read or understand what I wrote.  Possibly deliberately, possibly not.  I tend to ascribe to the statement that one shouldn't attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity, so I'll choose to believe you're stupid unless you can prove otherwise.  Don't worry, it's better than malicious at least.
My point was that there are different levels of "confidence" that something has been paid.  This is true with *any* method of payment and bitcoin is no different.  For the vast majority of small and simple transactions, merely seeing it on the network is sufficient.  For somewhat more valuable transactions, a single confirmation is likely to be sufficient.  For significant transactions where a miner could be incentivised to reverse the transaction, six confirmations are generally considered sufficient.
@_date: 2018-03-20 14:44:45
Ah, but what you just said, I don't disagree with at all...


Correct.  **This market** is at the mercy of the few.  I just don't care about the market.  "The market" implies valuing bitcoin in terms of fiat.  I simply *don't do that*.
People can manipulate the market because the traditional money system is inherently manipulable and "the bitcoin market" is a part of the traditional money system *not* a part of bitcoin.
What I was arguing against was your very different earlier statement:


Now that you've made the newer statement, I feel your previous statement was conflating "bitcoin" with "the bitcoin market", where I'd argue that the two actually have very little to do with each other.
Bitcoin is a monetary application on a decentralised, trustless platform.
The bitcoin market is - as I already said - just another market wholly within the traditional money system.
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:40:39
I'd swap steps 2 and 3 around, just so you don't mess something up and end up throwing BTC at an address you don't actually have the keys for, but essentially that's right.
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:08:20


How terrible would it be for you to lose it all?
If somewhere between "pretty bad" and "really catastrophic", then yes, you should buy a hardware wallet and transfer the funds to it as soon as you're comfortable with the usage of it (test with a small amount first).
However if you're willing to go with "a bit less security, but still way better than leaving it on the exchange" you could just download a mobile wallet.  Samourai is well known and respected on Android, and I personally like bitWallet on iOS (the UI is terrible, but it's functionally very good).  The "less security" of a mobile wallet is the fact that the device is storing your private keys and so if your device can be hacked, the keys can be stolen.  With a hardware wallet, the keys are on the hardware wallet which itself never connects to the internet and has no way to send the keys over the cable to a computer, only the transaction data.


"Probably" nothing bad.  But you're trusting someone else who might not have your best intentions at heart and is a "juicy target" for attacks.  If someone hacks the exchange and steals all the bitcoin, that includes yours.  Hackers are more likely to target an exchange with tens or hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin than your mobile phone with only $6000 worth of bitcoin on it.
Another risk is that the exchange itself just runs off with your coins and claims a hack.
Another - and this is the main drive behind proof-of-keys - is that the exchange might be *lying* about your bitcoin balance.  They might hold only 1000BTC but have 5000BTC as belonging to customers on their databases.  As long as people don't ask for all their money at once, the exchange can keep doing this, essentially selling you bitcoin that doesn't actually exist (which is just simple theft, but easy enough for them to do).  By withdrawing it, you *prove* that it's real by holding it yourself instead of just trusting what they're telling you.
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:32:42


Not that much.  I work for a German company that deals with bitcoin based revenue and billing including cross-Europe and international.  It was definitely a challenge for our financial department at first since there were new things for them to deal with that aren't quite "expected", but it's actually nowhere near as complex as you'd fear.  France would be similar since almost all of the relevant things to know are EU specific, not local country specific.
@_date: 2018-11-23 11:30:54
What you're looking for is an *exchange*.  There are many to choose from.  Some of the larger, more reputable ones are Kraken, CoinBase, Bitfinex, and Binance.
I don't exchange bitcoin for euro, because I prefer to spend it directly on goods and services, so I can't really advise on which exchange is going to be best for you.  Nor do I use BitPay services (as said, they're a pretty shitty company overall, so I avoid having anything to do with them) so I also can't advise on how to transfer your bitcoin out of their service.
In general though, you'd find some way to "send bitcoin" from BitPay, and "receive bitcoin" on the exchange.  That would give you an address on the exchange to send to.  You'd send from BitPay to the exchange and wait until it showed up there.  Once there, you can "sell" the bitcoin (exchange for fiat) and probably do some kind of bank transfer to withdraw the fiat money to your bank account.
All of that said, I'd recommend not doing so, and instead just transfer your bitcoin to a wallet that you have complete control over the private keys (if it's a large amount, I'd suggest a hardware wallet for the bulk of it and a mobile wallet for "easy access" to a smaller amount) and then look in to opportunities to spend it directly on the things you need/want instead of trading good money (bitcoin) for bad (euro).
@_date: 2018-11-28 09:48:20
Out of interest, when you buy something to eat and then eat it, do you consider that you've lost value?
If so, I'd say you've got a very distorted (and unhealthy) view of what money is.  Food isn't a "cost", it's a transfer of stored value (money) to physical value (energy to keep doing stuff, enjoyment, and so on).
Exchanging fiat for bitcoin is similar, other than that the two types of product are more similar than dollars/food are.  You're exchanging one kind of store of value for another.  They have some pretty different properties in some fundamental aspects of their creation and use and you're more than welcome to argue for and against specific properties that you see as being positives or negatives of either system, but to say that "you don't lose anything until you sell" is a fallacy is only true if you also think that buying and eating food is also a net loss.
@_date: 2018-11-13 20:28:10


No.  If you want to provide someone with information, do it.  Don't ask them to look it up for you.


Actually, I'm looking at the technical specifications/descriptions, developer discussions, source code, and so on and then making up my own mind about things.


This is a false dichotomy.  Hacking an iPhone Lightning wallet is functionally about as equally difficult as hacking an iPhone Bitcoin wallet.  Transactions in Lightning are performed using valid bitcoin transactions that can be written to the chain.  It is not a side-chain.  This means that the security provided by the proof of work invested in to the blockchain is also securing the Lightning channels.


Ok, if you had an option to receive 500 gift cards from 500 stores or 1 visa card with the equivalent cash on it, which one would you pick?
This shows that you fundamentally misunderstand Lightning.  It is a network, not just direct peer to peer channels.  This means that you are likely to have several channels open and paths will be found between you and the store without ever needing to open a channel to them directly.  It would be idiotic to manually open a channel with the store, conduct a single transaction, and then close the channel again.  Of course you could do it, but no one anywhere working on Lightning has ever suggested that this is the intended or desirable use case of it.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:39:49
I have no idea how you read from my text, "*people will stop spending under a deflationary system*".  The closest I wrote was that people are likely to spend less on frivolous things.  That's hardly "*stop spending*".


That's working under two false assumptions:
1. That dollars still have value.  As long as that remains true, sure, go ahead and use them.  Any time I happen to hold some fiat, I'll also get rid of it before I spend bitcoin because fiat is inherently less valuable.
2. That you could get "rich" by just holding a moderately deflationary currency.  Once bitcoin is mainstream, volatility will be extremely low.  The value will increase only slowly along with the increase in the size of its complete economy.  Sure, you 'get richer' by holding it for longer, but you'll never go from 'poor' to 'rich' in that scenario.
@_date: 2018-03-29 10:24:20
In the early 1990s, I spent thousands of dollars on a computer that is less powerful than the phone in my pocket.  If I'd kept those thousands of dollars, I could buy a much better computer now; or get that same computer for next to nothing.
But - and here's the important point - I wanted to have that computer then, not at some undefined point in the future.  This is *no different* to a deflationary currency.  Yes, if people hold on to their money, it'll increase in value over time and they could buy more; but they also will still have wants (and even more so, needs) that they'll fulfil immediately regardless of the opportunity cost.
I expect that a society with primarily deflationary currency would be less inclined to waste money on things that really are crap, but honestly I don't see that as a bad thing in the slightest.
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:08:50
Honestly, I'm not worried from a litigious perspective.  I just prefer to be a "nice person" and not have people think negatively of me unnecessarily.
And unfortunately, on the internet it's very easy to miscommunicate, and it's not out of the realm of possibility that someone could misinterpret my statement (without disclaimer) as being an endorsement of the service.
@_date: 2018-03-18 13:10:35
*I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together...*
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:13:57


I'm reasonably sure that's not true.  Some people do live past 100, so there should be some very young children and babies alive now that will still be alive 100 years from now.  My 4 year old son might even be among them (although with my family genetics, it does seem unlikely).
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:54:20
Ummm... I'm planning on living a lot longer than 1.5 more years...
There will definitely be inflation for the rest of my natural life, but it won't be constant.  In around mid 2020, it'll be half as much as now; in 2024, it'll be half as much again; and so on.
At some point, the inflation will be so insignificant, that it will functionally act similarly to a non-inflationary currency.
@_date: 2019-01-31 11:23:41
!lntip 666
My wife is an "occasional user of Bitcoin", but never really got in to the philosophical aspects of it and doesn't really get my passion for it.  My 7 year old daughter on the other hand can speak reasonably well about the merits of decentralisation, peer-to-peer money, and controlled monetary supply.
I'm hopeful that there's not going to be such a gender problem in the next generation, but for our generation there definitely is a huge gender gap.  I applaud any and all efforts towards working to improve this.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:13:39
I agree that that would be dumb.  Exchanging dollars for bitcoin and then spending the bitcoin immediately when the merchant would have accepted your dollars is absolutely a waste of time and money.  The only time that could make sense is if you're aiming for some level of privacy or might reasonably expect your transaction to be blocked, but those are really edge cases.
However, that's not what a bitcoin economy looks like.  That description is one of using bitcoin in a purely dollar economy.  If you get paid in bitcoin and the merchant takes bitcoin, it'd be more expensive to convert to dollars first.
Personally I don't get paid in bitcoin (yet), but I do convert my entire paycheque to bitcoin automatically once it comes in, so from a practical standpoint it's more or less equivalent.
Either way, and as I've already said more than once: the point of bitcoin isn't to be cheaper.  It's to have sovereignty/control over your own money.  If that's not a use case you're interested in, you can ignore it.  If it is something you're interested in, then perhaps some small extra expenses in order to do so might be worth it to you.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:41:39


Fiat currency and bread are two totally different things in that scenario though.  When I make a new loaf of bread, it doesn't make every other loaf of bread become less nutritious.  When the government prints a new dollar, it does make every other dollar worth less.
Aside from that, your definition of scarcity is far too subjective to be useful.  It depends entirely on the perception and situation of the individual rather than being a macro term that can be used to examine the broader situation.


I completely agree.


I don't think they disagree on this point because - from what I've seen - I don't think most people have thought it through that far to be honest.  They haven't actually stopped to think about what a limited supply actually implies.
If they have thought it through and they think that demand will be so low as to have fiat valuations similar to today (or even the previous all time high) then yes, we disagree quite strongly and I'd say that their perception of the potential future demand is probably based on some very faulty reasoning.
@_date: 2019-01-17 23:07:28
What on earth does fungibility have to do with what I was talking about?
That said, fungibility helps with privacy, since if two tokens can't be told apart from each other, it makes it harder to trace.  Bitcoin actually does poorly in this regard - it's one of the areas that can be improved.
Suffice to say, since you've actually ignored every point I've made and just replied to parts of it in an attempt to make your argument easier while ignoring the hard parts, I don't think I'm going to bother continuing with this argument unless you address them.
So, one more time:
1. If I obfuscate a transaction with something like CoinJoin, and don't associate any of those UTXOs with my identity afterwards, how can anyone associate one of those UTXOs to me?
2. Can you trace LN transactions?  If so, how?
3. Is a pool of "the whole world" more or less than a pool of "people who visit a specific location"?
4. Is the risk of someone reversing hashes of an address to a public key that can then identify the user greater than the risk of someone finding a hidden stash of cash lying around somewhere in a publicly accessible location?
If you don't answer these questions, we're done.
@_date: 2018-03-03 06:57:54


Not just "every now and then".  It's a sieve that really only blocks those with zero technical knowledge at all.  VPNs over HTTPS tunnels go straight through unless their endpoint addresses are specifically blacklisted.
Even their TOR blacklisting depends on entry-node blacklisting and fingerprinting for the handshake to find unlisted entry nodes, so traffic obfuscation will get you around that easily enough.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:59:28
You’re repeating a tired argument from classic Keynesian economic theory which is how we got in to this mess to begin with. 
In reality, people *will* spend deflationary assets because they want or need things now with a higher preference than the increase in purchasing power brought by waiting. 
What keynesians call “hoarding”, any sensible person calls “saving”. 
People are likely to save more and spend less on frivolous things they don’t need and only “kinda” want, but in a non-inflationary system, that doesn’t kill an economy like it does when the only money in existence consists of debt. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 13:46:50
You also (probably) once paid $10 at McDonalds, which if you'd instead exchanged for bitcoin, would now buy you a lambo.
Spending BTC isn't a bad thing - you're spending money to get something you want.  Your mistake was NOT converting the rest of your fiat to BTC.
@_date: 2019-01-16 10:25:49
I first bought some in 2011... because I didn't have the hardware for mining anymore like I did before that.
@_date: 2018-11-08 10:58:55
Lightning doesn't require trusted third parties.
I don't see any reason why they wouldn't/couldn't open channels with each other.  Whether that would need to specifically be Lightning or not is another story of course.  As Lightning nodes, they'd get other advantages as well (Lightning payments to/from customers as well as acting as routing nodes), so it might be in their interests, but for exchange to exchange, they might opt for a simpler channel system that isn't exposed to the public.
Liquid is of course Blockstream's intended approach for this, but I still don't see the business value for exchanges to actually use it when they could just use open second layer protocols.
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:19:38
"Blockchain" is pretty uninteresting.  It's not much more than a slow, inefficient, distributed database.
What's interesting is blockchain + proof-of-work + keypair based ownership + predictable supply through difficulty adjustment + fixed total supply.  A shorter term for this is "Bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-01-31 11:12:28
This is fundamentally untrue.  The trust required for an SPV wallet is trust that the node it's talking to is behaving according to the rules that you expect.  The trust for a custodial wallet (whether Lightning or not) is trust that the person who holds the private keys won't use them without your permission.
In most cases, there's also trust that the application really does do what it says (since most people aren't developers and even those that are don't usually check the source of (or compile) their mobile wallets); however this is an unrelated security issue and applies to custodial wallets and SPV wallets equally.
@_date: 2018-03-22 10:58:27
On chain: Not without a fork.
Off chain: Absolutely, as long as there's a clear way to handle it when settling on chain.
@_date: 2018-03-07 11:29:49
I switched from Bread to bitWallet on iOS.  I'm not totally happy with the UX, but it supports segwit and is definitely usable enough once you get used to it.
For Android, I'd absolutely recommend Samourai.
@_date: 2019-01-19 09:16:53
I think we need to keep stressing the word *Network* when talking about **Lightning Network**.  It's built up of peer to peer channels, but the whole point is that you have channels coming in and going out, so the whole thing forms a mesh network allowing for transactions to be routed potentially many hops before reaching their destination.
@_date: 2019-01-04 10:32:14
I'm no stranger to illegal recreational substances (I'm *literally* a published author on the topic), but you're just wrong.  Bitcoin definitely got some exposure from the DNMs, but anyone claiming that it wouldn't have made it if not for its use in buying drugs is the one that's tripping.
@_date: 2019-01-01 09:14:36
If you sold your wife and kids, you're in a better situation than me.  I still have mine...
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:01:36
You could always consider moving to a country that actually *has* freedoms rather than one that just *talks* about having them...
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:49:53
[Mastering Bitcoin]( by Andreas Antonopoulos covers everything you want.  It might be too technical for many readers, but honestly - either you get technical or you miss details.
[Free version on github](
@_date: 2019-01-19 09:53:56
Hard to say... directly, probably about 50 to 100 BTC.  Indirectly, several times that (by convincing businesses to accept it, and their customers then using it).
Then again, I've been talking to people about it since around 2011ish.
@_date: 2019-01-23 17:14:04
OR if you use it as currency and not as speculation.  Although this one would be harder to prove if you were actually challenged on it.
Suffice to say, I've used BTC as my primary currency for over 2 years now and "here and there" for around 5 years before that.  My accountant had to learn a lot, but I haven't had any trouble from the tax authorities yet.
@_date: 2019-01-12 09:46:37
Oracles are required for any kind of tying of physical goods or events to a blockchain.  Purely digital assets however should be programmatically manageable in theory at least.
I've never actually seen a good use case in practice (and I'm not sure it's even possible outside of actual currency like Bitcoin) but at least the concept of MP3 ownership is digital unlike car/property/jewellery/etc ownership and so is somewhat closer to the realm of possibility.
Without thinking too much about the details, I could imagine something like:
* OMNI style token on top of Bitcoin blockchain
* Token represents access to music track
* Music track is encrypted
* Decryption of music track requires proof of access to token
Where I'd need to think more about how it works is on those last points.  It's not immediately obvious to me how access to the token ensures the ability to decrypt that is both fully decentralised and doesn't allow access to the track after having given the token to someone else.
(it might not be possible at all... this was all "off the cuff" as I wrote the reply)
@_date: 2019-01-03 08:54:34


You're welcome.  There are a lot of people here who don't like to help educate new people because they're sick of explaining themselves over and over again, but if we really want this to take off, we need to educate properly, fairly, as friendly as we can.


This is what I like to hear :)
!lntip 100






Slightly bigger, in that there's "no incentive to participate honestly in any way" (not just mining) but yes, close enough.


Honestly, that's *the single thing* that makes Bitcoin incredible and great.  If it required anyone to act against their own self-interest, the whole thing would come tumbling down in an instant.


Actually, you don't need to understand the cryptography (as long as you're willing to trust mathematicians at their word; otherwise you do).  Here's a quick breakdown:
1. There is a private key.  It is a number.  Using some clever maths, a public key can be created from it.
2. A public key is another number.  Because of how the maths works, the private key can reliably generate the public key at will, but the public key can't generate the private key.
3. Also because of how the clever maths works, a private key can "sign" data (alter it in a way) that someone with the public key can look at (alter it differently using the public key) and be sure that the private key was used to sign it.
4. Alice has a public/private key pair.
5. Bob also has a public/private key pair.
6. Alice has 10 BTC.  She creates a message saying that she's giving 5 BTC to Bob signed with her private key and sent to his public key (actually, it gets more complicated here because of addresses, which are hashes of public keys; but it is technically possible to send to a public key directly and we'll use that as the simple example).
7. Alice sends this message to the network nodes she's connected to and they forward it on around the world.
8. At some point, it gets mined in to a block by a miner (a different process, see below).
9. By looking at the transaction (either 'floating free' before it's mined, or in the block after it's mined) anyone can know that it says that it was signed by a particular private key and now belongs to a particular public key.
10. Because you can't get Bob's private key from the public key, you can't steal it.
11. Similarly, because Alice only knows Bob's public key and not his private key, she can't take it back.
12. Because Alice just *signed* the transaction with her private key, she never put her private key on the network, so it's still safe.
13. Bob has the corresponding private key for the public key to which the 5 BTC were sent, so he now "owns" those 5 BTC and can use his private key to create transactions sending it to someone else.


Not exactly "voting", but it does get compared to it.  I don't like the comparison since it implies a lot of things that aren't true (like that a majority could arbitrarily do anything they want - they can't).
If a miner broadcasts a truly invalid block to add to the ledger, any node (whether a mining node or not) will reject it since it's invalid according to the rules.  For example, if funds are sent from someone who didn't have them to begin with, or if the block isn't "built" on top of previous blocks correctly.  It simply won't spread through the network at all and will never be seen by anyone other than the nodes the miner tried sending it to.
If a miner broadcasts a *valid* block that appears to build on top of blocks that the node wasn't previously aware of, the nodes that receive it will look at which chain of blocks has the most "work" put in to it (based on difficulty of blocks) and go with the longest/strongest chain as being correct (this is where a 51% attack can come in, since someone with that much mining power could generate "alternative history" blocks... however for other reasons that I won't get in to here, they are also actually incentivised against doing so).
So that brings us to the question of "what does *building a new block on top of the blockchain* actually mean?".  Here's the process (simplified):
1. There is a defined "difficulty" that every node calculates on its own.  It's based on how quickly blocks were found in the past and exists to try to make blocks *average* to 10 minutes each.  That is, if blocks were found faster than 10 minutes on average in the past, it gets harder, and if they were found slower, it gets easier.  This difficulty is expressed as a "target value" number, with "more difficult" being a smaller number.
2. The miner collects a bunch of transactions she wants to include in the block (these are ones that were broadcast from people across the network as described above) and builds a simple structure from it along with a timestamp and a *hash value* from the last valid block in the chain (you'll see later where this comes in).  She also makes up a number called a nonce.  This can be any number she wants.
3. The miner runs a simple hashing algorithm (SHA256) on the potential block.  Hashes are simply numbers.  If - by absolute chance - the hash generated is lower than the difficulty target, it's a valid block and she sends it to the network.
4. Most likely, the hash is not lower than the difficulty target (it's expected to take quintillions of tries at the current difficulty), so she changes the nonce (and possibly the timestamp) and tries again.  She repeats this until she finds a valid block or until someone else broadcasts a valid block (which she'll now try to build on top of and just discard this one).
Important notes about this process:
1. You can't know *at all* what a hash will look like before doing it.  This means you have no way to "massage" your block structure (including nonce) in advance to get a hash that is below the difficulty.  You just have to keep trying until you get one that fits.
2. The hash value of the previous block being included in the new one ensures that to change any arbitrary block in history, you also need to change *every* block after it.  This means that changing a transaction from 10 blocks ago requires recomputing 10 blocks after it as well just to catch up (which you'd need to do all before the next block was found).  Even if you did it by faking the difficulty as being very low, nodes would reject it based on it being *less work* than the real chain.
@_date: 2019-01-31 11:57:27
I think you're missing what is meant by "work" in "proof of work".  It's talking about the fundamental term used in physics (measured in joules).
Because this is a fundamental aspect of the universe, it can't be gamed unless you discover new physics (which would be so groundbreaking, we'd have bigger things to think about than the economic systems we implement in our society).
Note that proof-of-work implementations could be broken; for example if someone finds a mathematical shortcut or flaw in the hashing algorithm used that lets you reverse them or have a better than random chance of predicting their results.  That breaks the implementation and requires a new one to be put in place, but it doesn't break the fundamental concept of PoW.
PoS is an interesting *consensus algorithm* but it fails at being a *provable security mechanism* (it is (probably) game-theory evident with rational actors, but not physically evident), while PoW is effectively both.
@_date: 2019-01-10 15:29:13
Looks like we've had at least somewhat similar histories and similar views on Bitcoin.
I don't get paid in bitcoin, but I do convert my salary to bitcoin upon receiving it and *strongly* prefer billers that accept it from me directly (where they don't accept it at all, I use a credit card which I pay off using BTC, to avoid me having to *hold* fiat even though I did *use* it for that transaction)
@_date: 2018-03-07 05:11:05
I'm not entirely sure that's the case.
Surely the technical skill required to follow the instructions to set it up and protect the key words is essentially equivalent to the technical skill necessary to set up an account on an online service and protect the login/password.
I'd expect that someone who accidentally loses access to their coins on a wallet under they control would be just as likely to do so on any currently existing custodial wallet.
@_date: 2019-01-07 14:34:30


Does it?  Can you actually back this statement up at all?
@_date: 2018-03-30 14:15:43


It can be.  It's a very complex topic.


I don't see what this has to do with bitcoin.  Can you buy the thing you want with bitcoin, or only with pounds?  If not with bitcoin, then investigating bitcoin probably won't do anything to help you get that thing.


Ahhhh... so you're wanting to exchange some pounds for some bitcoin, wait until the relative exchange rate changes in your favour, then sell those bitcoin for pounds, is that right?
If so, then let me tell you straight away: There is absolutely *no one* that can tell you what the relative exchange rate of bitcoin to any particular fiat currency is going to do in the short term.  This method of trying to acquire more pounds is *purely* gambling.


I've heard the same, but never used them so can't advise you on that.


The same way you exchanged pounds for bitcoin.  Most of the large exchanges (I assume Coinbase too) let you "cash out" your fiat currency holdings through a transfer to your bank account.


If your only intention is to gamble as above, then you don't ever need to send and receive.  You'd transfer pounds to the exchange, exchange those for bitcoin, leave the bitcoin on the exchange until you're ready, exchange the bitcoin for pounds, and then do a bank transfer to get the pounds out.
There are probably fees involved along the way for some of those steps (notably things like the "getting pounds out and in to your bank), so you'd want to make sure that you know what those are in advance.


If 1 bitcoin is 5000 pounds, you can get 0.1 bitcoin for 500 pounds.  Assuming you do this, then later if 1 bitcoin is worth 6000 pounds, you can get 600 pounds for your 0.1 bitcoin.  There you have your 100 pound profit (again, pay attention to any fees, since you might end up with a bit less after paying to get the pounds out again).
There are of course no guarantees that bitcoin will soon trade at 6000 pounds though.  It might happen tomorrow, or it might not happen for many many months/years (or technically, it might never happen, but I think that's extremely unlikely).  If the exchange rate were to continue the slide it's been on for the last few months, your value as measured in pounds of that 0.1 bitcoin would also continue decreasing.  If you were to exchange back to pounds at any point during that for whatever reason, you'd therefore have less pounds than you started with.


I mostly use bitcoin.de because it's quick and easy (tied directly to my bank account, so I don't need to transfer euro in to purchase), but I don't think you can use it outside of Germany.  I've also used Kraken and Bitflyer, both of whom I didn't have any real problems with (but others have reported some negative things, especially about Kraken's processes when dealing with customer questions/complaints).
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:12:29


Wo genau?  Ich bezahle lieber mit Bitcoin als Euro, also mehr Möglichkeiten für Bars/Kneipen sind immer gut.
@_date: 2019-01-31 11:40:49


"Frisbee" is a trademarked brand name of one type of flying disc.  It's also commonly used to refer to any flying discs.
Disc golf is described as a "flying disc sport", so other than those ones in the image not being Frisbee brand flying discs, they most certainly are "frisbees" in common parlance.
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:14:37
Again, totally agreed.
I'm just confused since nowhere in the comment of mine that you replied to did I mention anything about perfection at all, nor even hint at it as far as I can see.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:10:02


Completely untrue. The last halving coincided with a significant spike in value (noting that expectation of the halving meant some of it was “priced in” in advance. 


Untrue and insane. Well before the block reward runs out miners will be living primarily from fees. There will be almost no noticeable difference in total reward for the final several halvings. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 16:56:39


Only if you count systems that sacrifice security, decentralisation, or both.  Neither of those is something I'm willing to sacrifice for the ability to scale on the base layer.


Usually true for products, usually untrue for protocols.  Bitcoin is a protocol, not a product.


That is laughably untrue.
@_date: 2019-01-18 04:42:43
To call those things cryptocurrencies is essentially diluting the term to uselessness.  Other than being digital money, I see very few things that relate those things to Bitcoin at all.
How many decentralised, digital, peer-to-peer currencies based on blockchains with proof of work, cryptographic ownership proof, and limited supply have failed? (to note: in the long run all of them except one should; because proof of work will naturally compete with all other proof of work)
Things fail because they have flaws.  If something fails and you can identify the property that allowed it to fail (e.g. the ability to be hyperinflated), that says nothing about even closely related things if they don't have that property.  If we see something fail due to a property that Bitcoin shares, then we should carefully examine Bitcoin to see if that property could also be cause Bitcoin to fail.  If however that other thing was exactly like Bitcoin in every way *except for that property*, then we don't even need to care.
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:01:30
Thankfully, "common sense" is often very very wrong.
@_date: 2019-01-18 05:59:33
I think the responsible thing for a wallet provider to do if they want to support BIP70 is to put a warning on the UI that this merchant or their payment provider is using a standard that is not widely supported and known to come with risks of unfixed security flaws.
That way, they get the advantage of allowing users to make the payments that they want to make, but also responsibly informing the users who may then choose to use other merchants until such time as the merchant switches to a standard that carries less risks.
What do you think I have nothing against the *concept* of BIP70, but the standard itself isn't as well defined as it should be and the implementations aren't great.
@_date: 2018-11-18 07:35:28
I disagree that BTC has centralised mining, but even if it did, here's some key differences:
* Centralised banking allows for bankers to determine the inflation rate.  Centralised mining has no influence on the inflation no matter what those miners want.
* Centralised banking means the users of the currency have no control over monetary policy.  Centralised mining has no influence over the monetary policy that users are required to accept (if the miners change the policy against the users wishes, they just fork themselves off the network).
* Centralised banking means the banks can arbitrarily decide which transactions are "allowed" and which not.  Since the users are all known, this means they can censor transactions.  With centralised mining, the miners can in theory choose which transactions are processed and which not, but since they have no way of knowing which transactions belong to which users (it's fully pseudonymous), they can not truly censor individuals' or organisations' transactions.
@_date: 2018-11-17 11:16:23
My father-in-law just asked me yesterday (unprompted, other than the fact that I work in the industry) about "buying a bitcoin".  I told him he can buy less than one, but after confirming the current value and discussing volatility plus my thoughts on the long term of it, he said he'd probably like to buy a whole one but isn't currently in a hurry.  I decided I'll buy him a hardware wallet for Christmas and help him set it up since I'd hate to see him sitting there with a whole BTC on an exchange somewhere not understanding the implications of that.
I do expect though that he'll probably do nothing until the next bull run starts and then jump in as quickly as possible.  Because of this, I focused the conversation as much as possible on long-term outlook so he doesn't get burned during the first (almost inevitable) crash afterwards.
@_date: 2019-01-26 16:08:27


Bitcoin is a network protocol.  It doesn't "have" an economic model.  However, as a network protocol that describes units of money, the ownership of it, and the transfer of it, it's certainly possible to describe economic models based on Bitcoin.
I can imagine several examples of irrational economic models based on Bitcoin, including "remove fiat, add Bitcoin, keep everything else the same" which seems to be the position most argue from when they say they can't imagine Bitcoin based economies working.  That doesn't mean that a rational model doesn't exist, just that it would have some significant differences to current models.  Just for example, debt would be radically different where Bitcoin were the fundamental international unit of account (i.e. a Bitcoin Standard) due to the nature of its supply.


Are we likely to get a utopian system on the first try of a Bitcoin Standard?  Probably not.  But the *current* economy isn't one I particularly like living in either, so I'm willing to give it a shot.
@_date: 2018-11-17 10:19:14
Good to hear :)
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:11:42
Umm... I wholeheartedly agree with everything you just said, but I have no idea what "problem" you're talking about.  Did you intend to reply to me, or to someone else?
@_date: 2019-01-03 05:37:44
Slashdot has sadly died a very ungraceful death.  Back in its heyday (10 years ago or longer), it used to be &gt;90% thoughtful comments and &lt;10% trolls.  It's now beyond reversed and thoughtful comments are hard to find at all.
There was a good attempt over at [ to try to replicate the slashdot of old, but it's pretty quiet for the most part unfortunately.
@_date: 2019-01-17 22:17:15
I'm pretty sure that doesn't really fit the definition of "*right now*".
I can send you any amount of bitcoin (that I have) within seconds if you just give me a hash generated from a public key (i.e. an address).  I'll never know who or where you are, it takes next to no effort, and it costs almost nothing.
Compare that to having to be in the same location separated by a preferably short period of time (the longer the time period, the greater the risk of loss) with all associated costs of travelling should one or both of us happen to be a great distance away from the agreed upon geolocation.  Meanwhile, the location was shared over a centralised system where others are able to abuse their power in order to access that information should they choose.
I think I'll stick with Bitcoin thanks...
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:33:44


Out of interest, why do you think his "story" is fake?  I didn't really see him give any kind of story about himself other than "I used to live paycheck to paycheck and now earn 6 figures".
I'm not him, but my story is about the same.  Until my mid 20s, I was just scraping by.  In my late 20s to mid 30s, I was doing better but managed it poorly.  From my mid 30s to now, I'm doing pretty well.  Currently, I earn a 6 figure (euro) salary as a senior manager in a technology (bitcoin focused) company.  Just over twenty years ago, I was working for minimum wage in a tourist-trap Internet Café as a cross between cashier and badly-paid network support/maintenance monkey.


This seems somewhere between unlikely and absurd.  If you want to fuck over poor gullible people, there are much easier and more profitable ways to do it than Bitcoin.  If you think is a scammer, you must think he's also a *stupid* scammer.
@_date: 2018-11-28 09:36:25
You're right in what you're saying, but you're missing an important point: the total amount can't change and the numbers themselves are actually pretty irrelevant.
Let's imagine a fictional scenario with smaller numbers, since they're easier to imagine.  If you want to scale this up to the real numbers, you're welcome to do so.
In this fictional scenario, there is a total of 1 million USD worth of fiat in the world and a total of 2 million satoshi.
If I have a thousand dollars, then I own 1/1000 of the total supply of all fiat.  If I have two thousand satoshi, then I own 1/1000 the total supply of all bitcoin.
Ten years pass, and the creation of fiat continues.  If done responsibly, it increases in line with the real increase in production value of our civilisation.  Let's say it's a good decade and the production value has doubled as well.  Society really is worth twice as much as it was before.  For this, we created another million USD worth of fiat.  My purchasing power of the thousand dollars I had will stay roughly the same for goods and services, however the percentage of total goods and services I have access to is reduced, since now I only own 1/500 the total supply of all fiat instead of 1/1000 as I did before.  My bitcoin however: well, I still own 1/1000 of the total supply and the value of those bitcoin has essentially doubled.  Where previously it was 2 satoshi per dollar, it's now 1 satoshi per dollar.  Dollars that I had lying around essentially "stayed the same", while bitcoin that I had lying around increased in value.
But... ignoring the bitcoin, that whole scenario is an ideal situation out of the wet dream of a modern Keynesian economist.  The real world doesn't have that way at all.
What really happens is that as society's total measurable value increases, fiat production increases at a greater rate.  Humans want to take advantage of this new value and create imaginary value (due to the Keynesian approach of all economic activity being based around debt) to try to improve their economic worth.  This means that the fiat creation happens at a greater rate than the societal value, devaluing the fiat.  Keynesians will tell you this is good, because it encourages additional spending which creates jobs.  In practice, the jobs it creates are reducible to the broken window fallacy (or the adage about digging holes and filling them in again).  It works for a time, but ultimately has a spectacular failure since anyone following this so far can see that it's unsustainable over the long term.  When it does (like it did back in 2008), either things go to complete shit (see Weimar Republic, Zimbabwe, or Venezuela) or we just delay it a bit further by doing even MORE of the things that caused the problems to begin with ("quantitative easing" is just a fancy way of saying "printing even more money to fix the problems of having printed more money than we should, but then hiding it in complex systems of debt so we don't immediately enter hyperinflation").
For a while - even a few hundred years in a well set up society - this appears to work.  At some point though, there's no way it *can't* come crashing down.
Meanwhile, through it all, the 2 thousand satoshi I own is still 1/1000 of the total supply of all bitcoin ^((in the hypothetical that I introduced at the start)) and will continue to be so.  Whether the fiat currency enters hyperinflation immediately, after the next similar failure, or after *x* number of later similar (and increasingly more catastrophic) failures, I don't see any way that it isn't inevitable that people will turn to harder currencies at some point.  Gold will see a bit of a resurgence, but as it becomes clear that Bitcoin is a viable hard currency which also carries some significant advantages over gold, a 100% replacement of traditional currencies with bitcoin does feel almost inevitable (the only thing that's really guesswork is "when" and "what behaviours people will have prior to that event").
^(Note: I typed this all far too quickly, have a bunch of other personal and work stuff on my mind right now, and have a cold on top of it all.  So if I've got anything minor wrong like a dumb math error, please don't crucify for me it.  If you think I've got the fundamental premise wrong anywhere, I'm happy to have a good discussion about it (although it might be tomorrow before I find the time).)
@_date: 2018-03-20 08:48:23


I can't speak for but for myself at least, no.  I'm a guy who doesn't really care all that much about the exchange rate of bitcoin to fiat and do in fact believe that bitcoin is *better money* that can bring real tangible benefits to our global society.


If some governments ban it, it'll definitely slow down adoption, sure.  Governments ban a lot of things that people continue to use though.  Any government that seriously tried to enforce a ban on bitcoin would quickly find themselves coming up against some serious ethical questions around basic freedoms though.  Bitcoin transactions can be encoded in basically anything (even smoke signals if you want to get low-tech), so to effectively ban it (rather than just in name only), they'd need to be tyrannical about all forms of communication.
I can't imagine any modern western country choosing to become an oppressive police state purely to enforce a ban on bitcoin.  This would mean that the actual outcome of any attempt would be similar to the "ban" on peer to peer sharing of movies and other copyright protected media content.  A joke.


No, it *really* isn't.


They can't.  no matter what anyone else does, my bitcoin are mine and will remain so until I willingly choose to send them to someone else.  This is totally unlike traditional digital monetary systems (e.g. bank accounts), where a centralised controller (e.g. the bank) is able to do with my funds what they will.


I'm not trusting in that at all.  In fact, I expect they are doing so since it makes sense for them financially.  I don't see how that should bother me though.  I can really only imagine it bothering people that are interested in bitcoin in order to "buy low, sell high" and increase their fiat holdings (which as mentioned, is not me).


The entire concept of mining is built to *expect* that miners don't give a shit beyond profit.  They are economically incentivised to follow the rules (that is, they make the most profit from doing so).


No one has access to my bitcoin but me.  I don't store significant amounts in systems that I am not able to personally verify the security of.  (I do store a small amount in a mobile based phone wallet for daily use, and it's entirely possible for the supplier of that wallet to do an update to the app that steals that money since I don't tend to verify mobile app updates; however as its only a very small amount, I have chosen to accept a trade-off of trust for convenience in this specific case.  It was however a conscious choice and not a requirement - I could write my own mobile wallet or just not use mobile wallets if I wished).
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:35:52


I do spend the least valued thing on goods and services because ***I do not hold any fiat currency***.
I used to hold both fiat (euro) and bitcoin.  I would spend the euro because - as you correctly point out - it makes sense to get rid of the least valuable money first.  But then I realised, all that meant was that I held a "less valuable currency" and a "more valuable currency".  Why not just hold all of my currency in the more valuable one?  Since then, I don't hold any significant amount of euro or other fiat.  I do have a few euro in my pocket just in case of wanting to buy something from a street vendor that doesn't take bitcoin or something like that, but it's rare that I ever touch it and I consider it a sunk cost.
Not every merchant I spend with takes bitcoin unfortunately.  Notably, I can't fill my car anywhere near me for bitcoin, which is annoying.  For these cases, I use a fiat denominated credit card and pay that off immediately using BTC.  So then, even though the transaction itself was fiat, I still didn't need to hold any fiat myself to make the transaction.
As a final note: If you continue to use language like "*that shows little knowledge*", or "*you were doing well till you let that slip*", all you're going to do is alienate people and get called a troll.  ~~For now, I'm just assuming you're not very well-versed in how to phrase writing to avoid misunderstandings caused by the lack of vocal and non-verbal queues, but please do consider this little heads-up and try to be a little more polite in your style.~~  Actually, no, scratch that.  I just looked at your post history.  You're an abrasive, small minded asshole who thinks that he's always right and doesn't even bother reading the arguments that people make, instead just revelling in his own style posts.  So, I'm done with you.
@_date: 2019-01-24 19:46:48


Only if you want/need that fiat for something.  Stop using it, and the problem disappears.
@_date: 2019-01-18 14:48:51


I don't believe I was changing the definition in an ad-hoc fashion, but rather railing against a definition that was useless to begin with.
Yes, I have a problem with the definition, but I wasn't changing it ad-hoc, I was directly saying that I disagree with it.
Again, if I use the term "Scotsman" to mean "*any 4 limbed mammal within 2AU of the sun*" and then say that in my experience, scotsmen come in a significant range of shapes and sizes, with some being air breathers and others being water breathers; you'd be right in calling me out as using the term incorrectly and it would not be a "no true scotsman" fallacy to do so.


Here you're doing it again.  You "did the same *with crypto*".  No, you didn't.  You grouped a large number of nearly unrelated things together and called them "crypto" as if it were somehow meaningful to do so and then proceeded to make statements about that group.
Whether or not the OP did so with the term "fiat" is entirely unrelated so I don't even want to get in to that discussion.
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:17:11


I wouldn't disagree with this, but at least to complete it, I'd also add:
If your fiat holdings are greater than 1-2% (2% tops) of your net worth, you're overexposed.
@_date: 2018-03-18 11:52:43
If they don't take that seriously, then they don't understand it.
@_date: 2019-01-04 18:48:35
Nope, some of us are just using a better form of money.  Believe it or not, not everyone acquires bitcoin with the intention of exchanging it later for more fiat currency than they gave up for it.
@_date: 2018-03-07 12:35:23
Sadly, that's what most patents are.
(not all, but definitely a very large number of them)
@_date: 2019-01-22 13:27:40
This would only be a logical issue if his goal is "have more bitcoin than other people".  Perhaps his goal is different, such as "everyone uses bitcoin".  This would not be in contradiction with his actions.
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:51:19
Even that question is hard to answer.
1. Since when?
2. Which bitcoin?  The BTC I had at the point in time defined by question 1, or the BTC I have now that I happened to also have then?
3. Do I need to count depreciation on things I spent bitcoin on, or do they count as a "sale"? (and if they do, do I need to calculate the dollar value of the item at the time of purchase?)
4. etc...
If you use bitcoin as a currency and not a speculative vehicle, talking about "gains" and "losses" is really quite incomprehensible.
I can say at least that in terms of fiat currency, I've got more stuff by having bought it with bitcoin than I would have had if I had never used bitcoin and bought the things directly with fiat currency.  That can probably be interpreted as a "gain" in some way, but exactly how much would be extraordinarily difficult and complex to figure out.
@_date: 2019-01-08 08:22:54
I didn't see it, but if the argument is roughly:
1. Bitcoin mining increases as exchange rate increases (due to increased profit potential)
2. Bitcoin mining is energy intensive
3. The world has a limited amount of power production capability
4. Therefore: Once Bitcoin is taking 100% of the world's power production, it can no longer increase in value
I'd argue that it's a deeply flawed argument.
Here are some arguments against:
1. People value things other than bitcoin.  Mining will never take 100% of the world's power production because people want to do other things as well and at some point, those things are more valuable than bitcoin at *any* value (bitcoin is worthless to you if you can't eat for example).
2. Bitcoin's value can continue to increase even if mining doesn't.  The value and global hash rate define a loose lower bound together as well as a potential upper bound, but the value can escape the hash rate easily enough if there isn't enough liquidity in power generation availability.
3. Power generation is not limited.  It just gets increasingly harder (more expensive) to generate more power.
If the argument isn't as above, could you try to summarise it?
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:26:33
As someone who leans heavily to the political left, I'm not hostile to financial freedom or privacy at all.
You probably have a strawman view of "leftist" beliefs if you think that people on the political left are against freedom and privacy in the same way that anyone who thinks all people on the political right are neo-nazi fascists.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:43:08
The US Govt has never defaulted on dents you say. Well, technically true. But by denominating that debt in a currency they control, they never need to pay back what they really borrowed. 
Meanwhile, the economic games they play just slowly destroy the lives of people who don’t have enough to protect their money. As cryptocurrencies mature, we might finally start to see a situation where even the poorest amongst us have true control over what they do have and these games begin to lose their power. 
@_date: 2019-01-19 09:14:45
Maybe a better way to look at it:
* Bitcoin is TCP/IP
* Transactions using address hashes are "IPv4"
* Person to person payments using address hashes are messaging over IPv4
* Transactions using segwit are "IPv6"
* Person to person payments using segwit are messaging over IPv6
* Lightning Network is "HTTP"
* Custodial Lightning systems are Google
* Lightning (or similar) built out in the future with good UX and no need of custodial systems is.... our current target.
* .....
Note that everything on top doesn't invalidate the need for the technology layers.  Lightning requires the Bitcoin network, just as HTTP requires TCP/IP.  Neither of those is something you are directly interacting with though - you're interacting with applications on top (e.g. Google uses HTTP).
The above is still just an analogy though, so be careful about taking it too far.  Analogies are never perfect and can lead to misunderstandings if misapplied.
@_date: 2019-01-02 11:00:19
I'm not sure I'd agree it was ever zero.  It definitely was *undefined* for a long period of time, but unless everyone involved literally stated that they're worthless and would give any amount to anyone who asked for nothing at all, then it didn't have an exchange rate of zero.
@_date: 2019-01-16 08:06:51


In a perfect world, that'd be true, but I'm not sure it is the case for typical poorly educated users.
When withdrawing from an exchange, it's usually a very short time in between entering the address and initiating the transaction, however for automatic sweep, there is likely a much longer timeframe.  Many users may "try out different wallets" and so on without maintaining control of private keys for addresses they left empty.  This could leave the automatic sweep address pointing at an address the user no longer has the keys for.
I agree that the *correct* solution is better education in the short term and much better UX around private key management in the long term; but I feel that implementing something like automatic sweep in the short term would just be too prone to "dumb error" for the moment.


I'd be tempted to say (at least from my own experience) that back then, the average technical understanding/capability of bitcoin users was much higher than it is now, and that there was more reuse of addresses than there is now.  Both of these factors would lead to it being less of an issue than it might now be.


That's definitely true.  I guess I wouldn't be concerned about an exchange implementing it as optional.
(Honestly, it wouldn't even really bother me as a user if they forced it, I just don't think it'd be a good decision from their side!)


I wonder how much is regional/cultural.  I don't have any kind of real data, but I see this kind of thing raised a lot in North American and English culture but far less in mainland European or East Asian cultures.  That is, "*don't talk about the problem*" in America/England and "*show how we're better at addressing the problem than our competitors are*" in Europe/Asia.
I would even say that I see it reflected in advertising, where North America tends to focus on "*here are the awesome positive features that our product offers*" and much of Europe tends to focus on "*here is how our product reduces concerns you might have*".
As a concrete example, car advertising in the US plays up the aspects of freedom to drive around, enjoyment of driving, and shows the car whizzing around corners on open roads; whereas car advertising in Germany tends to highlight things like the lane and traffic sensor functions, fuel efficiency, and shows the car driving through a city with CGI effects showing all the sensors and so on doing their thing.
This isn't universal of course.  Car manufacturers in both locations do tend to have both kinds of advertisements; and in the general case, I think people/companies in both locations do try to do a least bit of both (and the amount may vary significantly by industry/business); I'm more or less looking at frequency and prominence of the different styles from what I've seen.
I'm not sure any of that actually helps come to a conclusion what an exchange should or shouldn't do, especially those with a global audience, but it's at least a potentially interesting line of thought.
@_date: 2019-01-21 06:04:49
When 95 people are against something that's "good" to be against (e.g. "*violence*"), but 5 people with very loud voices start saying "*violence, which is often associated with immigration*", it's very easy to then conflate this with "*violence, which is caused by immigrants*" and further to "*immigration is bad in general and causes violence*" (which is patently untrue).
Then, 400 further *actually* racist people join the cause (it's very easy for them to get behind, since it furthers their agenda) and all of a sudden, you've got a 500 strong group of people where the *majority* are racist pricks.
I'm personally quite aware of this since I'm a white guy that has spent most of his life in white countries that aren't his own.  In other words, I'm an immigrant, but I have never been discriminated against directly.  Instead, I'm standing around with others and get "included" in their conversations about how immigrants are ruining the country, stealing their jobs, and so on.  When I point out that I'm an immigrant, they make excuses that I'm "integrated" and "one of the good ones".  It's clear however that what they really mean is that I'm white and my culture is close enough to their own that they're not scared or offended by my behaviour.
As a side note, when I do find myself around those kinds of people, I tend to disassociate with them and find another group of people; but sometimes it's unavoidable (such as work colleagues).
Are there violent immigrants in pretty much every country in the world?  Yes.  But there are also violent locals, non-violent immigrants, and so on.  Once you've corrected for factors such as poverty and discrimination, immigrants tend to be *less* violent according to statistics I've seen.  So, if your country has a problem with violent immigrants, maybe you should concentrate on helping immigrants have a smoother/better transition with more opportunities for a productive life instead of on stopping them coming in.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:28:04
No idea if you're cool or not - I don't even know you - but at least you can be confident you're a *fantastic* echidna.
@_date: 2019-01-08 11:16:39
You're very welcome.
Now you've got some Bitcoin, some good places to start learning more are:
* Jameson Lopp's excellent [page of resources](
* The book "[The Bitcoin Standard]( by Saifedean Ammous.
* The books "[The Internet of Money]( and "[The Internet of Money Volume Two]( by Andreas Antonopoulos.
* Andreas Antonopoulos's [YouTube videos](
@_date: 2019-01-21 06:07:07
the lntipbot won't tip under 10 satoshis.
!lntip 10
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:18:47
While I don't really care one way or other about the proposal, I disagree with this argument.
It's no different than when we say "1000 kilometres" as a distance.  We *could* use the term "megametre", or call it "a million metres", but both of those don't sound 'normal' to most people.
Essentially, kilometre became an established term on its own, and I think the proposal is that kilosatoshi/kilosat would end up the same.
To note: I personally use mBTC for display almost everywhere, but don't force it on anyone else nor really care what they use, since conversion isn't exactly difficult and if I'm paying for something with a mobile wallet, it will show me the price in my preferred choice.  If people start talking about satoshis, kilosatoshis, bits, or whatever else, it doesn't really affect me.
@_date: 2019-01-17 21:49:07
Are you capable of giving me cash *right now*, without knowing who or where I am?
If not, I'll disagree with you that it's more private than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-02 18:54:44


With gold, it's impractical to work with the "real thing" so you use paper tokens that are hard to audit.  With bitcoin, no such limitation on using the real thing exists, so fractional reserve systems become immediately obvious.  Even if it's "guaranteed by law" or whatever, these tokens would quickly drop in value since they're demonstrably not as good as the real thing.  It'd be a fiat that was trying to be pegged to bitcoin, but the moment more were issued than the issuer held in real bitcoin, their value would drop.
@_date: 2018-03-06 21:07:32
A wallet that *you* control.  Hardware wallet, paper wallet, Bitcoin Core node running on your PC.  Whatever makes you most comfortable, as long as *you* are the one with the private keys, not someone else.
@_date: 2018-11-18 07:05:09
The same size as they are now (with all of those transactions being done on 2nd layers that use batched state/channel management on the base layer written in to blocks to ensure security of those 2nd layers).
I think one of the biggest problems we have with terminology in bitcoin is referring to entries in a block as "transactions".  Since one entry can hold many transactions (most of my "transactions" are 2 to 3 inputs and 5 to 6 outputs, each being a different transaction), it tends to make people think there's a tiny limit to the number of possible real world transactions being performed.
I don't expect the terminology to change though.  Once people get used to saying something, it tends to stick.  So just try to keep in mind that a "transaction" in a block represents a minimum of 1 real world transaction and no theoretical maximum.
@_date: 2019-01-14 14:54:41
You ask that like its an either/or question... how about "*neither, I'm an earner and spender, because it's money*".
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:35:20
Phrased like this as the goal, the question becomes meaningless.
I have a hundred trillion dollars on the desk beside me.  For real... no joke.  It's a hundred trillion Zimbabwean dollars from 2008.  It's essentially worthless.  If in 2006/2007 someone had offered me a hundred trillion Zimbabwean dollars for next-to-nothing, I'd have been extraordinarily wealthy.
"Big financial gains" needs to be clarified and quantified.  If you want millions of US Dollars, just wait a few years.  You could well have the chance to hold millions of them, but they'd be worthless.
Gaining 1BTC is a "big financial gain" all on its own from my perspective.  It's getting one twenty-one-millionth of the total supply of all bitcoin in the world.  To me, that's extremely valuable.  I believe that to the majority of other people in the world, it's not all that interesting right now, but in the future, it will be seen as extraordinarily valuable.  My belief is backed by significant reasoning and evidence, but still could be wrong.
If you intend to get bitcoin with the purpose of later trading it back for a fiat currency, you're essentially just doing currency exchange speculation.  Fine if that's what you want to do (although ultimately short-sighted and not something I'd ever consider doing), but it's got nothing to do with bitcoin itself other than that bitcoin is the currency you're speculating on.  You could do the same with any other currency.
@_date: 2018-03-02 11:16:53


Agreed... however the manner in which we can make our own lives better is often debatable and generally the cause of most political disagreements, even when people don't realise it.
Even those of us with very strong social-focused political views generally hold these views because we feel that the most effective way for ourselves to have the best possible life is to ensure those around us also have the best possible life, reducing their incentive to take what we have via crime and so forth.  This even goes as far as smaller/simpler things like avoiding the discomfort of having to deal with foul-smelling homeless people accosting you on the street for spare change.
Whether you agree with that view or not, the goal is actually still the same: "first and foremost to make my own life better".
@_date: 2019-01-09 04:06:59
Again, if you don't want to use it, then don't.
I don't really understand how you'd be "paying extra", but I don't actually care either.  Bitcoin's value proposition is not "it's cheaper than using fiat".
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:59:02
Any of the early transactions that were paid directly to public key are vulnerable.  Honestly, I don't mind someone stealing those - it's a good way to get them back in to circulation without Satoshi having to appear and spend them.  It'd cause a brief bit of panic, but nothing that wouldn't sort itself out with time.
The slightly-later early transactions aren't vulnerable, because their public keys aren't visible/available at all and unless someone actively tries to use them, they won't be.
As for coming up with a solution: well, yes, we should.  But it should be well thought out, properly discussed by a group of very clever people (in public), and then added to the roadmap.  I don't see anyone heavily involved in the space calling it "FUD" and ignoring it completely.  Just a lot like me who are sceptical of the urgency and see more important things to take care of first.
@_date: 2019-01-31 12:10:03
Then those people will trade their bitcoin to those that do have an interest in it until that balance is reversed.
I use bitcoin as currency, not a speculative investment, so it works just as well for me whether it can be exchanged for $1 or $100000000 per BTC or anything in between; but I nevertheless see a huge increase in the exchange rate as being inevitable over enough time.
I don't really know how long (and never bothered looking in to the many different factors, since - as above - I don't really care), but I can't imagine a nice waterfront house in an upscale part of a desirable city in a modern western nation costing more than 1BTC in 20 years time.
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:08:38
On-chain?  Via a hardfork.  Easy enough to do if everyone agrees to it.  Definitely no need currently.
Off-chain?  However you like.  Lightning Network transactions already deal in millisatoshi.
@_date: 2019-01-09 07:57:58
Given I'm approaching 40 years old, have a wife and two kids, a house in the suburbs, and a monthly salary that is comparable to minimum wage's yearly salary: no, not exactly "mom's basement".
@_date: 2019-01-04 13:30:10
That's not what is meant by "money being printed".  This is talking about the creation of new money that didn't exist.  Printing of physical notes isn't taken in to account at all for this figure.
@_date: 2019-01-18 04:31:09


They look different to "normal" transactions but can not necessarily be distinguished from other more complex behaviours where a single user controls multiple inputs.  There is always plausible deniability.
Also, since we're talking about *privacy*, it doesn't actually matter if someone does identify a CoinJoin transaction.  If they can't tell it was FantasticEchidna4 paying DaleBewan, it's served its purpose.


I find that very unlikely.  You've probably talked to hundreds or possibly even thousands of criminals in your life.  You just never noticed because they never said anything about it (possibly many didn't even know they are criminals... ***you*** might even be a criminal and not be aware of it).


I never said otherwise.


It's "more private", but privacy isn't binary.  There are fingerprinting techniques and more than can be used to forensically analyse monero transactions.
Since monero also suffers from some significant other flaws that make it unsuitable as money, I don't see its relevance to this conversation.  Whispering alone to yourself on a boat in the middle of the ocean is also private, but equally also useless.
@_date: 2018-03-17 09:50:42
You probably need to make a distinction between "alive" and "conscious".  You asked about the first, but I think you intended to ask about the second.
Is Bitcoin alive?  Well, since we don't have a good definition of "life", feel free to assign a definition and then give yourself an answer.  It probably won't match what a lot of other people mean when they say the word, but that's pretty much the normal state of affairs for human conversation.
Is Bitcoin conscious?  I'd say not significantly, no.  From everything I've read on the topic, consciousness is best explained by [Integrated Information Theory]( which - simply and somewhat inelegantly put - says that consciousness is an emergent property of feedback systems.  Therefore anything with feedback in to its own inputs has some level of consciousness, but to reach a level that we'd recognise as conscious and refer to it as such in relation to ourselves, there needs to be many orders of magnitude more feedback operators in place such as we see in larger animal (including human) brains.  Even our best neural nets have nowhere near that level of feedback and neither does the bitcoin network.
We can certainly imagine non-living consciousnesses (including simply by extending/improving our current computer AI systems) but we have yet to demonstrate or find that level of complexity in feedback systems anywhere other than a brain.
As an very interesting side note, it's also not all areas of the brain - the cerebellum for example has a huge number of neurons arranged in a great way to do incredibly fast calculation as needed for fine motor control, but isn't significantly conscious on its own since it doesn't have much feedback; whereas the cerebrum much more clearly is the seat of our consciousness under this theory.  This can be experimentally proved by showing that removal of the cerebellum doesn't cause people to lose consciousness (just the ability to perform fine control over actions) whereas damage to the cerebrum causes profound issues with conscious behaviour, or complete loss of consciousness.  Even more interesting, cutting the cerebrum's two hemispheres (as is done for some cases of serious epilepsy) appears to result in two independent consciousnesses within one person.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:00:51


^(...unless you want psychoactive drugs of course.)
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:56:57
White male, raised lower middle class (one parent with income as a high-school teacher, other parent no income).  Standard public school in southern New Zealand.  No college due to inability to afford it.  No financial support from parents since leaving home at age 16 (1995).
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:35:27
Wow... okee, richtig *Nord*deutschland.  Aber ja, wer weiß... vielleicht mache ich da mal Urlaub.
@_date: 2018-03-30 15:40:21
How nice of you to call people braindead.
If *all* that bitcoin was was a speculative investment, then absolutely caring about the idea of it more than money would be pretty dumb (since speculative investments are only interesting in terms of making money); but as it is a technological invention capable of changing fundamental aspects of how our society functions, I care very much more about it in that regard than anything as dull as making money.
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:20:55
I'm still not quite sure what you mean when you say, "*if they ban your transactions*", who is "they" and how do they "ban" a transaction?
@_date: 2018-03-25 12:37:21
If someone gave me $100 USD and I just left it sitting there, I'll still have what they gave me ($100 USD) no matter how long I wait.
If someone gave me $100 USD and I converted it to Japanese yen, then tomorrow that value of that yen might be the equivalent of $103, $97, or some other value.
If someone gave me 10000 yen and I left it sitting there, I'll still have what they gave me (10000 yen) no matter how long I wait.
If someone gave me 10000 yen and I converted it to USD, then tomorrow that value of dollars might be the equivalent of 10300, 9700, or some other value.
Bitcoin is no different.  If someone gives me 1 BTC and I just leave it sitting there, I'll still have what they gave me (1 BTC) no matter how long I wait.  If someone gives me 1 BTC and I convert it to USD, then tomorrow that value of USD might be the equivalent of 1.01 BTC, 0.99 BTC, or some other value.
Converting it is gambling.  Leaving it alone is not.
@_date: 2019-01-16 06:04:03
Automatic sweep would be far too risky.  If the user screwed something up, it'd be Kraken initiating a transfer to the "wrong" address and they may be seen as liable (even if not legally, then possibly morally) even though the user was ultimately to blame.  The first such screwup would be a PR nightmare for them.
I absolutely agree on the storage fee idea though.  With the right marketing, it could even be put forward as a positive for the user ("we charge fees so that we have dedicated resources for keeping your money safe; unlike our competition").  Combined with a strong message (and helpful guides) for keeping your funds safe on your own without having them stored at the exchange would go a long way towards positive user sentiment in the long run and be a good differentiator against the competition.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:39:21


No it isn't.  An [argument from ignorance]( is an assertion that something is true because it has not been proven false (or vice versa).
I never claimed that it will act a certain way.  In fact, I was arguing against that exact point.  My claim is that there is no reason to believe it will behave exactly like other financial instruments and therefore if you claim there is such a reason, the burden of proof is on you.


Ummm... did I say anything that implied I wasn't aware of these rather obvious and basic facts? (actually, I'd debate the 3rd one on technicalities, but probably nothing anyone reasonable would disagree with, so I'll let it slide)
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:40:25
Not a humble brag at all... it was more or less a direct brag (in response to someone implying that my financial behaviour is only possible "from mom's basement", so a bit of a "show" was intended).
I'm well off compared to the average and I know it.  I also won't apologise for it.  I worked damned hard to get where I am.
@_date: 2018-11-22 13:54:33


I need to eat.  I need to pay rent.  I need to have entertainment.  I fulfil these needs by paying for them with money.
There are two kinds of money that these services will accept from me: Euro or Bitcoin.  Regardless of which one I use, I now have less money than I did before.  As it happens, I prefer not to hold any euro, so I use bitcoin.
This preference is actually implicit in the statement that it's preferable to pay euro/dollars instead of bitcoin - you want to get rid of the least sound money first.  I just take it one step further by getting rid of all my euro whenever I have it and living on bitcoin.  So in my situation, I most certainly do use bitcoin as a currency, because it's the only currency I have.
@_date: 2018-03-17 16:31:50
You definitely can use a non Bitflyer wallet to pay and I've done so a few times now.  It's a perfectly normal bitcoin payment and nothing 'special'.
The staff there are just not very familiar with it in general, so if you ask, they'll say you have to use the bitflyer wallet.
@_date: 2018-03-12 15:38:34
The argument seems to boil down to "there's no centralised system to enforce the value" (hidden in the word "legal" throughout the piece).
The whole *point* of Bitcoin is that there's no centralised system controlling things.  This is good and is why it won't fail unlike every centralised system that has ever existed.
There is a small but non-zero change that it could fail for other reasons, but it certainly won't be because it's decentralised.
@_date: 2019-01-07 14:47:55


No, no it isn't.  A "Blockchain" is a type of slow, inefficient database that *only in combination* with a collection of other technologies becomes something very interesting.  That "collection of other technologies" is best - and most simply - called *Bitcoin*.
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:27:02
Last I checked, you're in France... I can say with a very high level of confidence that no, you don't need to.
You should find a good tax accountant and let them help.
@_date: 2019-01-17 13:26:28


Mostly small cash payments.  In many parts of the world, it's expensive and/or difficult for either the merchant, the customer, or both to use electronic payment methods for smaller transactions.  Accordingly, cash is still often used for anything small.
People would like an alternative, and so in some places, centralised solutions have popped up to fill this niche.  In some other places, the "big" centralised solutions like credit cards were made "easier" to adopt for these scenarios.  But in many, there's still no effective solution.
Bitcoin - with Lightning Network - offers an alternative for all locations.  It's easy and cheap to adopt, allowing it to go anywhere, and by using Bitcoin, you avoid reliance on centralised authorities like banks (and central banks) to manage the money.  This is not yet a strong argument for most people in stable "first world" nations, but it's stronger than you might expect for many others.  I also used the word "*yet*" quite deliberately in the last sentence.
@_date: 2019-01-07 13:43:38
When I try to get in touch [here]( it just gives me "*There was an error trying to send your message. Please try again later.*"
@_date: 2019-01-03 04:33:40
Many people in modern western countries live without debt.  Most live with only a car debt.  A few live with car and mortgage only.  The US, Canada, and Australia are significant exceptions where it's "normal" to be in significant debt most of the time but just because this is what you're familiar with, you shouldn't mistake it as the norm.
There certainly would be some people uncomfortable with that situation, but - sorry if this sounds harsh - fuck them.  They're a part of the problem that needs to be solved.
Things like cars are an interesting one.  I see a potential market for much cheaper cars once you get rid of a debt based economy.  People would buy these cheap cars as their "first car" while they save for a better one if that's what they want (or, they just keep driving it if they're happy with it).  This is already the case for many people buying cheap shitty second-hand cars as a first car and so I don't see this as being significantly different other than the potential for new cars to be sold at this price point as well.
@_date: 2018-11-16 08:18:50
Just to name a few major elements that aren't "blockchain":
* Proof of Work
* Algorithmically controlled supply (more miners != more blocks mined)
* Good old-fashioned public key cryptography as proof of ownership
* Decentralised protocol definition (no one can arbitrarily change the rules; they just fork themselves off if they try)
@_date: 2019-01-31 10:47:37


No it isn't.
The Bitcoin blockchain can have somewhere around this number of transactions written to it, but since each "transaction" on the chain can represent hundreds, thousands, or maybe even millions of real-world transactions, it's a meaningless metric to bring up at all.
@_date: 2019-01-31 10:43:20


I was unaware that my rent payments and food purchases were "deplorable activities".  Sorry for being such a burden on society. ^(/s)
@_date: 2019-01-17 22:58:06
!lntip 666
It's a tip bot.  I just gave you 666 satoshis.  Spend them wisely ;)
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:22:10
Depends on what kind of whale and - more importantly - what units you're measuring in.
Even a blue whale is only 0.13 metric kilotons.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:00:04
I pay with bitcoin where I can, which for me is a lot of online things, my local small grocery store (no supermarkets accept it), and my rent.  For pretty much everything else, I use a fiat based credit card and a service that allows me to pay it off using BTC.
So, to be clear: I *hold* no fiat currency, but at present I do *use* fiat currency in the form of my credit card.  This is a matter of practicality, since I do agree it's essentially impossible in most places to survive on merchants that take Bitcoin directly.
@_date: 2018-02-03 04:58:26
I would imagine there will always be *some* goods and services that I can use bitcoin for.  My first ever purchase using it was something illegal after all (LSD from Silk Road).
However it's also worth noting that we - thankfully - don't have one world government just yet.  It would be quite a leap to imagine every country deciding to ban crypto without there being serious repercussions in at least some of them.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:46:54
I honestly don't see a problem with custodial wallets being required to follow those kinds of rules.  They're inherently insecure by design, so they fit better in to the traditional world of government regulation.
If they try to come after *real* wallets, that's when I'll start complaining (of course, if they did try they'd fail since it's not only a bad idea, it's also completely impractical and unenforceable).
As for "mymonero", I don't know it.  All of my cryptocurrency holdings are under my exclusive control, not someone else's.
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:35:13
What wallet is this talking about?  Where is the data from?  Without that information, it's impossible to have any idea what this chart is actually telling me about.
Also, as already pointed out, this chart shows "change in %", so it (whatever "it" is) is still increasing, just less so than in January, and now somewhere around the same rate as August 2016 or May 2017.
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:35:38
Personally, I'd prefer less.  The only thing I really don't like about the Nano S is the ability to install "apps".  I'd prefer a "bitcoin only" version that was completely static and had the bitcoin "app" as a part of the firmware itself.
Of course I can - and do - just have the one app installed, but the fact that it can support execution of 3rd party code adds a small (but nevertheless real) additional security risk.
@_date: 2018-11-25 08:37:17
"Stop losses" are a trading thing.  If you're trading, then having your bitcoin on an exchange makes sense.  The OP clearly wasn't talking about traders, they were talking about people who are actually interested in BTC for what it is, not just as a way to increase wealth.
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:42:38
Probably the easiest place to get bitcoin in Germany is [bitcoin.de]( but easiest doesn't always mean best.
If you're in or near Berlin, stop by [Room 77]( on Graefestr. and you'll find plenty of people in person who can help you out with learning more about it.  Alternatively, if you're in or near Dresden, drop me a private message.
Regardless of where you are, there's probably a meetup near you as well.
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:20:58


**^(\[citation needed\])**
Just because someone does something "new and different" that may appear to have advantages in some ways (e.g. faster transactions; less energy usage; whatever), it doesn't mean that that technology doesn't also bring significant disadvantages that make it worse.  I have yet to see anything come along that offers significant advantages that doesn't come with a crippling weakness making the whole thing useless.
It's also important to remember that Bitcoin itself has improved significantly over its 10 years so far.  It's barely the same network that it was back when it started.  Protocol aspects have changed, network topology has changed (not just grown, but is fundamentally shaped differently than the early days), and much more.
@_date: 2019-01-07 14:09:47
You're doing good work spreading awareness with this Tour.  I just threw 10mBTC your way to help out (sorry it can't be more).
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:47:43
2 nodes would validate *some* rules... whether they're the rules that the millions of participants *not* running nodes actually want to be validated is entirely another question.
With 2 nodes, the two node operators could easily collude and validate rules that are against the will of the economic participants that are trusting them.  With 2000 nodes, this is much harder.  With 2000000 nodes, it's nearly impossible.
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:38:33
True, but I'm also okay with that, because that's someone actually working for their wealth (creating and running a company of any size is not easy... trust me, I know this personally).  Sure, they kickstarted it with wealth that they "just stumbled in to", but again, I'm fine with that.
Bitcoin wasn't made to be a system that eliminates the very concept of rich and poor, it was just created to be a better form of money.
@_date: 2019-01-16 16:56:05
About one block every ten minutes...
^(That's the rate you were asking about, right?)
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:05:14
Yes, it is.
@_date: 2019-01-12 09:53:14
That's the point of the video...
@_date: 2019-01-23 17:03:29
I'm guessing they mean either Blue Wallet or Wallet of Satoshi.  Both work pretty well, although both are custodial "by default" and therefore less than ideal (but definitely do qualify as being very easy and "it just works").
You can set up LNDHub and point Blue Wallet at that to avoid the custodial aspect.  You're essentially then "your own" custodian (and I've been toying with the idea of extending it as a "family" Lightning Node, so I am the custodian for my family).  The integration between Blue Wallet and LNDHub still has some bugs to be hunted down and squashed, which means you *might* be able to either spend money you don't have, or someone else spends money that they don't have, removing your ability to spend your own.  This is of course mitigated by using your own LNDHub, reducing it to "display errors" at the worst (since at that point, it is all your own money on the backend, not shared with others).
I'm also quite interested in Shango, but haven't had the time to play with it yet, so can't really speak to how functional it is at this point.
@_date: 2018-03-23 11:20:39
Even if you're right, then you *GUESSED* right.  You didn't *KNOW*.
@_date: 2018-02-13 08:41:54
That'd make sense and is exactly what I'd be doing if I were running their technology planning group (and I say that as someone that actually is running a technology planning group at a different large multinational company).
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:05:50
Since I can't check that dictionary myself, I'm at somewhat of a disadvantage for comparison.  However I can say that the Oxford English dictionary, Collins English Dictionary, and Wiktionary all agree with the definition that I am familiar with.
Regarding "where the definition comes from", I gave the origin of the word in my previous reply.  To me, that's far more informative and meaningful than some single citation from a dictionary I've never heard of and have no access to.
@_date: 2019-01-18 05:04:44
Most of the negative comments seem to be about app space.  Since I only have one app on mine (Bitcoin), I haven't had a problem.  The update process went smoothly and it behaved exactly as it was supposed to.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:35:00
That's a good goal.  It would put you on par my with 4 year old son and slightly behind my 7 year old daughter.
@_date: 2019-01-28 03:27:00
How often do you use protocols other than TCP/IP for internet traffic?
There are plenty of other standards out there that were created back in the day, but over time, the benefits of having "just one" far outweighed any potential benefits of individual protocols.
Don't look at Bitcoin as a product, but instead as the underlying protocol technology.  There can be plenty of other things built on top that can compete with each other, but as a core protocol, competition isn't sustainable in the long term.
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:56:23
How can anyone know if they're a potential customer without having a chance to view the technical details?
Or put another way: *everyone* is a potential customer if your product's definition is "makes storage/restoration your recovery phrase more secure" since that's something that pretty much everyone would like.  Whether your product can actually deliver that without significant tradeoffs or unacceptable risks is a matter of the technical details that people want to see before they give you any details about themselves at all.
Personally, I'd love to have a better way to store my recovery phrases than the methods I currently use.  But *right now* I don't believe you're capable of offering one.  If you want to sell me something, it's on you to convince me otherwise.
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:18:24
And since I'd be in a "bidding war" with you (and probably many others), that'd ensure a non-zero price.
@_date: 2018-03-05 15:52:44
The great thing about Andreas's writing style is that even though it ostensibly *is* a development focused book, he talks enough around the subject to give the reader all of the useful/necessary/important information to really understand it.
So, while the goal is to get you to understand the technical details from a development perspective, it goes in to everything from the game theory of the system through to important economic concepts that behave differently in this kind of system to the traditional ones.
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:51:35
I believe I spent somewhere around 100 BTC on Silk Road in total.
But honestly, it doesn't bother me.  If I had valued the BTC as more, I wouldn't have "not bought those things", I would have instead exchanged more of my fiat for BTC.  So it's not like I "spent hundreds of thousands of dollar equivalent" on those things.  I didn't.  I spent a few hundreds of dollar equivalent.  That I could have held the BTC and been rich isn't relevant, since I also could have simply got more BTC as well and had the same effect.  The fact that I didn't shows that - at the time - I didn't value it in the same way as I do now.
Over the last few years, I realised the implications of that train of thought and now simply don't hold fiat anymore.  I still spend my BTC (because I do still have needs and wants of course) but rather than keeping "some of my money in BTC and some of it in fiat" as a spend-and-replace strategy would do, I instead simply keep all of it in BTC.
@_date: 2018-11-25 06:49:49


Maybe that says more about you and the people you associate with than it does about Bitcoin...
@_date: 2019-01-17 22:42:31


Yes, it does.  Nice of you to only quote what I said about "right now" and ignore everything I said that directly relates to privacy.
If you leave it somewhere in Central Park in NYC, you have reduced the number of potential receivers to "those people who were in Central Park after a specific date and time".  That may be a lot, but it's a hell of a lot less than "anyone in the world".
You've also still got the open issue of how you communicated that geolocation to me.


Slower to the point of being unusable for typical trade over non-local distances.










Bitcoin can be used in ways that are non-private, sure.  But so can anything.  There is absolutely no way that you, the government, or anyone else can find out who I am from my transactions.  Use all the chain analysis tools you want, any history you find that contains an exchange would be someone else (I'm sure many transactions in the history of the coins in my wallets were on exchanges; but not under my name).
And what about the many Lightning Network transactions I've also done?  I can't even point you to a block explorer for those, because there isn't one.  There's transactions where I fund channels, and transactions where I close them, but even those were with UTXOs that aren't realistically traceable to begin with.  Once it's in LN, you have no way of seeing how many transactions I've done, or of what values.
Bitcoin is absolutely *not* a privacy nightmare.  It's got plenty of room for improvement still, but compared to fiat currency, it's more than capable of holding its own.
Also note that I don't even consider privacy to be among the "important features" of Bitcoin.  It's not unimportant, but compared to things like "fixed supply" and "uncensorable", it comes in pretty far behind.  Nevertheless, I still don't see a reasonable argument that cash is somehow *more private* than Bitcoin in all typical use cases.
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:29:52
Unfortunately, that depends on the area of research.  Good luck doing anything pharma related (and here I do mean research, not just production) without deep pockets.
Even if you're willing to go to some *very* grey areas of the law to avoid the bigger costs, just the lab environment, equipment, and significant quantities of reagents and precursors is going to cost you a small fortune.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:45:56
I'd give them a kilosatoshi for the lot; just "for the lolz".
@_date: 2019-01-31 20:03:44
Umm, why?
Everything I wrote there is just as true now as when I wrote it.
@_date: 2019-01-31 06:08:25


What's important to note is that fiat also has significant trade offs with the different storage methods, and is not completely fool proof from every angle.
So, while this is true for bitcoin, it's also true (and in most cases, more so) for fiat.
The problem is that people have become comfortable with the fiat risks and barely think about them most of the time.  This makes it look to them like they're going from "safe" to "unsafe", when really they're going from "taking risks in some specific ways" to "taking different risks in some different specific ways".


Generally no, an average person won't take the time to learn a bunch of new risks and mitigation unless they've got a good reason for doing so.  How strong that reason needs to be is somewhat proportional to how complex/difficult it is to learn about the risks and how to mitigate them.
As someone working in the development field (former developer, currently management/product design), I view it as a major part of my job to figure out how to make things easier for people, reducing the friction of migration.
We're not quite there yet, but I'm confident we will be in time.  There are a lot of people also working in the same direction as me and my teams, so as a combined effort it'll eventually be like the difference between sending an email with a modern mobile email client today vs sending an email by telnetting in to your SMTP server and issuing commands manually.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:35:12
Technically true, but even as the paper itself says:


10GHz clock speed and error rate of 10^(-5) with 485550 qubits is definitely non-trivial.  By their own forecasting (which I'd call wildly optimistic; but let's go with it), they estimate it'd be at least 2027 before this becomes an issue.  Plenty of time to work on robust solutions.
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:27:45
Ah, okay... now I think I see where you're coming from.
I agree that something with no flaws would be "perfect" by some definition of the word.  But I also agree that there is no thing that I can point to that is without flaws.  I think perhaps you might have misinterpreted the line you quoted though.
When I say, "*Things fail because they have flaws*", I don't mean that "*Things that have flaws necessarily fail*".  Those are not equivalent statements.
The cause of the failure of something is a flaw.  To give an obviously contrived and silly example: An aeroplane that is extraordinarily ugly is clearly flawed when it comes to aesthetics.  Those flaws will not cause it to crash.  An aeroplane that has engines that only run for 30 minutes and a bodyshape that allows powered flight but not gliding is also clearly flawed.  These flaws are very likely to cause it to crash.
So, when I said that "*Things fail because they have flaws*", I was really just stating a tautology in order to emphasise my following points.  The main point that I was trying to make is that if the flaws that "Thing A" has are not the same flaws as those that "Thing B" has, then the failure of Thing A due to its flaws says nothing about the potential of Thing B to succeed or fail.
Put more directly: The flaws that caused thousands of digital tokens to fail are not flaws that exist in Bitcoin.  Therefore those flaws can not cause the failure of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin may (or may not) fail due to other flaws, but the failure of those digital tokens tells us absolutely nothing about the potential of that happening.
@_date: 2019-01-03 07:28:45


It would...


Unfortunately what you're missing is what you asked me to break down for you, so I'll do my best.
Blockchains are not inherently immutable or decentralised.  They require several other aspects for these properties to take shape.  To be immutable, there needs to be some way to ensure that the blockchain can't just be "rewritten" and propagated through the network as "correct".  Everyone having their own copy isn't enough because you need to be able to prove that additions (new blocks) are also correct.
Bitcoin solves this problem through proof of work.  Essentially, you must solve a trivial but computationally expensive mathematical problem in order to make a valid block.  The work doesn't actually do anything else, it is just provable that if you have the results, you must have done the work.  This means that it's not economically viable to "cheat" by rewriting chain history.
However, people don't secure blockchains out of the good of their hearts.  They do it because they're rewarded for doing it.  This is the generation of new coins and collection of miner fees from transactions.  Without this, very few would choose to expend the computational power on creating blocks and so the network security would be very low.  In the case of real-estate, the only one with an incentive to create blocks is the real estate agency, so anyone who can muster more computational power than them (probably not hard) can rewrite the chain at will.  Obviously, this would be very bad if the tokens represent property!
Some people have come up with ideas like "proof of stake" to try to mitigate this, however there are several other large issues with that concept (including "stake" being a "now" thing and not a "then" thing, so history of the chain isn't as secure; only the most recent blocks).  It's also irrelevant for the real-estate case again since the only way it could work would be to "force" people to actively participate as long as they own property (which would be their stake).  Someone having their house taken away from them because of a flaw in the blockchain security methodology seems a bit ridiculous.
At that point, you turn to the idea of a "private blockchain" with "proof of authority".  That is: whoever holds the master private keys can write/rewrite data at will (ideally with multisig requirements to avoid a single point of failure).  This is functionally no different than a shared database though, and much slower, so you might as well simply *use* a shared database at that point.
To clarify the "multisig" / write-keys / inter-trust part: The main point of a blockchain is that you don't need to trust anyone else since rational actors within the system ensure that it's valid and correct.  For a currency, this should be "everyone".  For a property trade, it's only the few participants in that trade.  Imagine a database, cloned across each interested party's systems (or held by a neutral third party, such as Amazon Web Services, Azure, or similar) where writing new data requires being signed by the private keys of each individual participant.  This solves the real-estate need without a blockchain and is significantly more efficient.  Fundamentally though, it's just a digitalisation of the existing process.  All those bits of paper with ink-signatures in the existing system are really just "database entries" that are "signed" by ink instead of a private key.  Digitising it makes sense, putting a blockchain in for no benefit really doesn't.
I completely agree that the process of buying property is insane in most places right now; but it's not a problem that's going to be solved by throwing a blockchain at it.  Some parts could be interesting such as performing notary actions *on top of* existing blockchains (writing a hash of a contract to the bitcoin blockchain for example, effectively timestamping and locking that version of the document to that time) but it still requires that the underlying blockchain behaves in a way that provides the right incentives for all selfish (and even potentially hostile) actors to *want* to continue securing and protecting the network.
Another aspect to consider is what is known as an "oracle".  That is, if you consider a token in a blockchain to represent a property, how do you ensure that that token really represents that particular property?  How are they "linked"?  If it's a centralised database in the city/state/federal government, you're back to the same problem as before.  Anyone can change that database and the token you've got on the blockchain is meaningless.
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:10:22
Then you've got bigger problems than money.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:36:50
I think they mean "online wallet providers" (custodial accounts) rather than companies/people who create wallet software.  No parts of the AML laws make any sense when applied to simply providing wallet software and so would be unenforceable.
@_date: 2018-02-24 16:31:22
I can't quit my day job just yet, but I'm not too far off.
@_date: 2018-02-22 12:37:56
I don't know if cutting off both your hands will improve your life or not.  I can't predict the future with any degree of certainty.  How about a compromise? Cut off only one of your hands.
@_date: 2019-01-16 10:28:35


Agreed... sell all your fiat before it becomes worthless.  Hold (and use) hard money instead.
@_date: 2019-01-07 12:29:58
!lntip 666
Couldn't agree more.  I pre-ordered a Nano X, but used my credit card (which I'll pay off using BTC) since I refuse to give BitPay any of my money.
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:30:59
The difference is that in fiat currencies, the economic elite have power over *the currency itself*.  That is, simply being rich is enough to ensure you remain rich.
In Bitcoin however, this isn't the case.  No matter how much bitcoin you have, you can't change the rules of the system and you can't just sit around doing nothing.  You have bills to pay and slowly but surely, your wealth will be redistributed to those actually doing work.
This may take several generations, so in this scenario where bitcoin is the world currency, early adopters will likely get away "scott free" being rich and powerful with cushy, easy lives, but I don't inherently see that as a problem.  Over time it solves itself and there are plenty of people right now with cushy, easy lives that don't deserve it, so what's the harm in switching that over to a different group until it does sort itself out properly?
@_date: 2018-03-08 06:35:39
US institutions have jurisdiction over the US, but nothing else.
That said, they often try to overstep these bounds and occasionally succeed because other countries don't want to lose "good relations" with the world's largest superpower.
I do expect this to change over time though and other countries will start saying "screw you" a lot more often when the US makes demands to have their laws and opinions be valid outside of their territory.
@_date: 2018-02-08 12:36:11
My personal prediction is stabilisation somewhere between $500k and $2 million.  However to get there, it'll probably go quite a bit higher first.
The prediction is based on my own estimates of the long term use cases for bitcoin, general adoption, and dilution by other competing cryptocurrencies.
Of course, my professional specialities are in software and systems architecture, neuroscience, linguistics, and psychopharmacology; so anything I say about finance should be taken with the huge disclaimer that I probably have no fucking clue what I'm talking about.
@_date: 2018-02-22 13:53:10
Great how you speak on everyone's behalf as to their motives, interest, and actions in bitcoin.
I am not in it to make money.  If I were, I'd probably try to get involved in altcoin pump and dumps (they seem lucrative if you can time it well).  Am I happy that I'm also making good money out of it?  Hell yes, but that's not the reason I'm interested in it nor will I devote extra time and energy to that pursuit.
I do believe bitcoin has significant fundamental value.  I won't bother arguing that since clearly you've seen all the arguments already and won't listen.
I do use bitcoin for useful services regularly.
@_date: 2018-02-13 06:38:33
While I agree that most people only come in to contact with Windows, I'd say that my arguments do take something away from your point in that although they can't make a secure and decent operating system, they clearly *are* capable of making secure and decent systems outside of the OS.  So that must engender some level of trust in them to be able to work on the topic of blockchain based decentralised identity management.
Of course, the most important point which I didn't mention is that like everything in the decentralised realm, *trust is not required*.  As long as we can independently audit and examine the system's behaviour once it is built, we don't need to trust them.
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:02:43
I've never used Monero on the DNMs.  I've used bitcoin on them frequently.
Just because it's designed for privacy, doesn't mean it actually sees all that much traction.  From what I've seen, the DNMs are still primarily BTC based.
BTC is equally as private if you never associate the coins you're using there with coins that have a history tied to your real identity.
@_date: 2019-01-16 05:58:43
I personally currently use:
* bitWallet on iOS (full-featured, pretty bad user interface design decisions)
* BlueWallet on iOS (waiting for more features to be implemented before switching away from bitWallet completely)
* Bitcoin Core (full node) on my desktop (Mac, but it doesn't matter if it's macOS, Windows, or Linux)
* Ledger Nano S (and soon Nano X once it ships) as my hardware wallet
I can also generally recommend from experience:
* Samourai on Android (although it is not totally "newbie friendly" at times, it's not terrible)
* Bitcoin Wallet on Android
* Electrum on Desktop operating systems
Other wallets I either don't know enough whether to recommend or not, or would recommend against for various reasons.  This also changes depending on your skill/experience level.  More experienced users, I often recommend Green Address on iOS and the related GreenBits on Android, but I think the UI is just far too 'unfriendly' for newbies to be a good recommendation there despite the excellent feature set.
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:00:12


Sure, and if anything comes along that's *truly* better than Bitcoin, I'll abandon Bitcoin in a heartbeat.  But I'll need to actually be convinced by logical, reasoned arguments.


The common market share metric is utterly meaningless.  For several reasons:
1. You're not comparing "like" things.  Grouping "cryptocurrencies" together as if they're one common market is ridiculous.  They don't share enough properties for that to be meaningful.  It seems completely arbitrary that BTC, ETH, XRP, and USDT are all in "the cryptocurrency market", but airline Frequent Flyer miles, department store reward points, and prepaid telephone minutes are not.  Most "tokens" share more in common with reward points than they do with Bitcoin.
2. Anyone can create new "cryptocurrencies" at will and give them a huge "market cap" with tiny volume since market cap is just "last traded price multiplied by total supply".  While obvious abuses can be ignored (the classic example of a single trade of $1 and a supply of a billion), someone is still drawing a line in the sand somewhere for what counts and what doesn't.  This again makes it totally arbitrary.
3. Market share tells you nothing about usage other than speculation.


Again, no.  I agree that the current number of people using bitcoin is small.  But I don't think it's unexpected, unusual or anything like that.  It's just early.


This statement needs to be backed up with evidence.  My experience is quite the opposite, having gone from "being able to spend it nowhere" to "being able to live off it nearly exclusively" over the last 7 and a bit years that I've been using it.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:41:29
I think you’re overestimating the governments of the world if you think they’re even remotely capable of shutting it down. 
They can make it illegal, sure. But you’d better believe there are a not insignificant number of very rich and powerful people that would not be too happy about it. 
The most likely outcome of such an attempt would be that some countries would ban it, while others did not. Those that didn’t would have a large financial advantage over those who did; especially as people like myself leave the oppressive shitholes to move to more free places. 
Of course, most governments are already aware of this enough that they wouldn’t even contemplate that kind of action. 
@_date: 2019-01-04 11:27:34
You're right... that should make it go up *faster*.
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:49:05
You should take a look at [ as well.






That last sentence is important.  The percentage listed for Bitcoin is 0% (the real value is somewhere around 0.08% off a top of my head calculation; they're just rounding it off).
So, even with *all* of the available hashing power on Nicehash, you won't even get a tenth of one percent of the way to this attack.
If you want to do this attack, you'll need to buy, set up, maintain, and successfully operate a giant mining infrastructure for multi-millions of US dollars/euro.  Once you're doing that, you then have the choice of either performing the attack and likely losing all value of your entire investment, or just honestly mining and making a good living as the world's largest Bitcoin mining operation.
@_date: 2018-02-13 06:59:09
The hell they don't... there's a bunch of single mothers at my kids' school that are constantly hitting on the senior students.  It's disturbing as hell.
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:27:17
You're completely changing the topic.  That's a typical tactic of someone arguing just for the sake of arguing (i.e. often a troll).  I'll answer again, but if you can't stay on topic, I will just give up on you.


I'd say the vast majority of use is currently speculation, sure.  And of course people (including me) use it to buy drugs.
Bitcoin is neutral to usage.  That means it's just as easy to use it for dodgy stuff as for 'normal' stuff.  Personally, I do buy groceries with it.  I'm also in talks with my kids' private school about getting them to accept it next school year.  I'll completely agree that I'm in the minority for these uses, but you know what? That doesn't matter.  What people use bitcoin for isn't important.  The point is that it gets used.
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:01:30
Many - in fact most - people treat it that way yes... but others do actively use it as a form of payment.  Myself included.  I expect more will do so as the technology matures and grows.  Lightning network will be able to help significantly for example.
@_date: 2019-01-10 11:50:54
The model used is described on the About page you get when you click "Learn More".  They're talking about the cost of renting hash rate from NiceHash... in other words, it's not viable in any way, shape or form since NiceHash doesn't even have 0.1% of the necessary hash rate for someone to perform this kind of attack.
@_date: 2019-01-14 12:01:03
Lightning Network is a network for sending digital currencies that support it.  Bitcoin is one of those.  You can't "accept LN", you can "accept Bitcoin via LN".
@_date: 2019-01-09 15:28:54
Being proud of earning money is not a bad thing. That doesn’t make me a “wageslave”. 
I hope you realise that in a world without unlimited inflation, you can’t just keep getting richer simply by being a rich parasite. Bitcoin’s economic model leads (over time) to wealth going to those who provide value and away from those who don’t. In most cases, that involves work. 
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:28:43
In many of these edge cases, sure.  What's your point?
@_date: 2019-01-09 12:05:56


Generally yes, however you can't do it remotely and - if done correctly - Bitcoin is private enough.


Yes, because the miners can't know that my transactions are really mine.  They just see transactions.  They can't choose to censor a specific individual's transactions if they have no way of knowing which transactions belong to which individuals.
@_date: 2018-11-02 06:14:53
Great work, but: ouch, the stuff.co.nz article is a bit heavy on promoting BitPay.
It's also not really clear on something: Do you really use the BitPay app just for "working out the bitcoin value" as the article suggests, or do you use it to receive?  If the latter, I strongly encourage you to look at better alternatives like running your own BTCPay setup (added bonus of supporting Lightning that way too).
If that's too much hassle and you're fine with using an intermediary, I've heard really good things about CoinGate's POS app but I haven't used it personally (mostly because I prefer having control rather than trusting in 3rd parties).
Honestly, I'd even be willing to help you set something up if you like.  Despite not having lived in NZ for over half my life, I'll always be a kiwi at heart and happy to help out a fellow countryman.
As one last little thing: I'd also suggest changing your "Bitcoin accepted here" signs.  Even though there's no requirement of any kind, there's a well known design that is pretty popular worldwide and catches people's eye better if they've ever seen it before (which is likely for international tourists from some locations).  It's similar to what you've got, but the font is different.  You can either create it yourself easily enough by downloading the Ubuntu font (free) or just grab the whole image.
@_date: 2019-01-02 18:52:28


I didn't say it would.  It would however lead to car manufacturers competing on price more and targeting their prices as close to their costs as possible.  I'd imagine there'd be more "cheap" cars available for those with an immediate need, but the more expensive cars would still exist as well.  Just that people would save up for them instead of buying them and then paying them off.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:53:25
Yes... but if you also didn't add some kind of difference to the chain to make your blocks incompatible with the existing network (and importantly, its blocks incompatible with yours), your client would immediately go out and find the *real* bitcoin chain, see that it's got way more proof of work, and wipe your chain out in an instant.
@_date: 2018-03-16 12:18:40
Very well put.
I used to have exactly the same process as you - spend and replace.  More recently however I realised that doing that actually means I have disposable fiat lying around in order to "replace", which is actually counterproductive based on my opinion/belief that the long term trend will always be up.  So now instead, the only fiat I have is a bank account declared as my "emergency fund" (in the extremely unlikely event of complete bitcoin failure, it's enough that I won't be destroyed) and a very small rolling monthly balance in another account for things that I can't use bitcoin for.  All of my discretionary income is held in bitcoin (and most of it gets saved, so my BTC holdings increase over time, not just their fiat value).
One result of this is that I can't "replace" after spending since I don't have the fiat to spend on more BTC.  Simply now that the majority of my paycheque is converted to bitcoin immediately, I'm really just "replacing" before I spend it each time I get paid.
It is worth noting though that I have no outstanding debts of any kind.  If I did, I'd still have a similar strategy, but modified to pay off the debts as quickly as possible by limiting my discretionary income/savings and living a more frugal life (I hate being in debt and avoid it where ever possible).
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:35:25
Any full node can very quickly check if the inputs to a transaction are (as yet) unspent.  There's no need to wait for that transaction to be included in a block.
The additional assurance provided by the transaction appearing in a block is that it stops another competing transaction (using the same inputs) from being included a block, thereby making the first one invalid.
For small quantities under normal circumstances, this isn't enough a concern for most businesses and they're willing to take that risk.
@_date: 2018-02-13 12:02:04
(reposting my comment from the other post)
In 2013, I published a book that required a significant amount of research.  I have no academic or company access to the major journals and as such, the 'expected' way for me to get access to the research would have been to pay the exorbitant fees.  There's simply no way I could have done that at the time, and so I simply never would have completed the book without Sci-Hub.
Now that I'm financially a bit more able to do things like this, I think Sci-Hub deserves something back from me.  Here's [my donation](
@_date: 2018-02-22 12:35:31
Note that the statement, "I don't think the price will go down" in the context it was used doesn't mean the same as, "I think the price will not go down".  It's purely a statement about a lack of knowledge rather than a statement about knowledge to the contrary.
I'm with I don't think the price will go down.  I also don't think the price will go up.  At least for the short term, I have no clue what the price will do.  The only statement I am prepared to make is that I think it will go up over the long term.  The road it takes to get there is pretty much anyone's guess.
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:14:49
Awesome.  I did the same for the birth of both my kids.  They have 1BTC each (actually, my daughter has \~1.008 due to pocket money and other savings).
Given that my daughter was born in 2011 and my son was born in 2014, he cost me a lot more up front than she did!
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:21:41


I want evidence, not assurance.  Show me the code; show me the game theory analysis; show me all the discussion between security experts considering different ways of breaking it.


So far, I haven't seen any protocols competing with Bitcoin.  Plenty of systems that think they are, but only because they're playing a different game and then declaring they're better at it.
That said, I also haven't yet seen any *good* competition for packet switched networks, the Internet Protocol, the concept of spoken language, or the idea of money as an intermediate representation of value.


It's a matter of perspective.  5.8 million is a small percentage of 8 billion, true.  But it's more than the total population of New Zealand.  For such a new technology in its infant stages, I'd call that quite significant.
And in case you think Bitcoin isn't "new technology in its infant stages", let me remind you that most technology is barely even known for at least 10 years.  The first mobile telephone was invented in 1973 and they became "mainstream" in the mid to late 90s.  The first time people other than researchers or military could access internet resources was around 1986, and internet access became "mainstream" around the turn of the century.  The first graphical user interface was in 1973, and computers with GUIs as 'standard' didn't become common until 1985 (Amiga/Atari age) and weren't ubiquitous until 1995 (Windows 95).
Bitcoin is still young.  Give it another 10 years and if it's not mainstream by *then*, I might concede that it's going a bit slow or is a bit lacking in adoption.
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:39:58
On your computer, using the Bitcoin client.  We also made regular backups, since HD wallets didn't exist back then.
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:10:39
Actually, my suggestion is open to every single one of those people...
@_date: 2018-03-03 06:58:55
Those are the major backbones... but if you knock them out, traffic just takes other routes.  It'll be much slower, but it won't stop.
@_date: 2018-03-03 09:24:12
[This]( looks nothing like the [Nasdaq]( to me.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:35:44
But not unlimited inflation. It’s fixed, predetermined, and decreases over time. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 16:08:13
Given that I don't believe in souls, sins, or an afterlife, I'll take my chances with that.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:04:06
There is no precedent.  Bank accounts are a completely different type of thing.  This would be more like the government requiring that people declare how much cash they have at home (although still not exactly the same since the value cash represents is still under their control).
Note (as per my other comment) that for custodial wallets, it would be much more similar to bank accounts, and (again as per my other comment) I wouldn't have a really big problem with that.
It's also worth noting that I never declared to the government anything about my bank accounts.  I'm sure my banks did, but that's exactly where the difference lies.  Bitcoin that is in my possession is completely under my control and no one other than me has definitive knowledge of it, so there is no "bank" that can report it.
@_date: 2018-02-12 10:54:34
While I completely agree with your point, I do have to correct one thing:


Actually, in many "very large" organisations, it is a lot more pyramid like, in that profit centres have their own accounts separate from the company global account and are "paying upwards" to the larger organisation(s) with little to no 'real' justification beyond "they support us and give us the structure to work within" (which itself is pretty pyramid-scheme sounding when thinking about it in that context).
This is an attempt to avoid the centralisation of management issue where a company that is doing tens of thousands of different things at once can't possibly always be reporting it in to the senior levels.  It doesn't actually work very well, but it is common in my experience (I've personally worked for 4 multinationals that have this structure).
It's still got some pretty significant and distinct differences from actual pyramid schemes of course (hence why I agree with your point), but it is closer in some ways than you were implying.
@_date: 2018-03-05 07:02:28
Times are definitely changing...
I'll likely soon be joining in getting paid directly in BTC.  I'm changing jobs soon and while the new company doesn't currently have the infrastructure or organisation in place for paying in BTC, they think it's a great idea and are looking in to how to organise it from a paperwork point of view.  Once they've done so, my salary will be directly in BTC (and also not through a third party conversion service from fiat, the company will hold BTC themselves once ready).
It might be 6 to 12 months away given the complexity of the paperwork for it (governments don't make it easy to do things outside of the fiat system), but the company is confident it will be  possible and once the framework is in place, we'll have it as a documented process for how the company deals with the various taxes, co-pay obligations, insurance payments, etc.
(note: this is in Germany, which is a nightmare for paperwork in general.  I expect it's probably easier in some other parts of the world.)
@_date: 2018-02-11 07:43:59
Because it's trustless.
The importance of trustlessness can not be overstated.
Any system that requires trust in another individual or group of individuals gives that party power.  Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Money is simply a form of communication.  When I pay someone $100 to clean my house, I am communicating a value of cleaning my house.  They can communicate this value to their supermarket in exchange for groceries to feed themselves and their family.  The supermarket didn't need my house cleaned, and I didn't need to feed my cleaner and his family, but we used money to communicate the equivalent values between each other to get the best outcome.
When the control of money is in the hands of individuals, they have a lot of power.  As above, this means they are almost certainly going to be very corrupt.  Extremely corrupt people controlling our collective ability to communicate value is abhorrent and dangerous to civilisation as a whole.
Bitcoin is trustless.  It doesn't require nor allow any individual or group control over the communication.  There is no one to trust, no one with power, and therefore no one that can corruptly influence our communication of value to one another.
@_date: 2018-02-01 10:28:40
Do you have any evidence of this?
I'm a customer of fidor and while I've generally been very happy with them, getting them to do something when I ask beyond what's supported through their web portal has always been quite difficult and involved.
I'm not necessarily calling you a liar, but I am skeptical based on my personal experience with them.
@_date: 2019-01-09 04:03:07
No one cares if you don't want to use it.  If you aren't interested in the use case, then you aren't interested.  Why come here and tell us?
Personally, as someone who holds no fiat, this is of interest to me.  Not the cocktail bar in Chicago specifically since I'm not in Chicago and not really a frequenter of cocktail bars, but definitely happy to see the beginnings of self-sovereign Lightning Point of Sale systems.
@_date: 2018-02-18 11:00:07
Those of us who have been around long enough remember when all the doubters were laughing at the idea of it hitting $1000...
@_date: 2019-01-17 13:29:48
Do you have, or are you planning on adding, VPS offers with a pre-synced Bitcoin Core node?
I've often wanted a full-node that I can spin-up, play with, and kill again for various kinds of testing purposes.  So far, I've just been using a local VM environment and some scripts to manage this, but it's less than convenient, so a good VPS hosting solution would be really appreciated.
@_date: 2018-03-18 13:06:26
20k days from now, I'll still be under a century old (just).  If I don't make it that long, I'm asking for a refund!
@_date: 2019-01-03 09:26:09
It's bitcoin (via a reddit bot)!  100 satoshi = 0.000001 BTC (\~$0.0038 USD at current exchange rates).
Instructions for using the bot are at [
If you want, you can withdraw it to a wallet under your control and then it's your bitcoin just like any other.  Alternatively, you can use it to tip other people here in the same way that I tipped you (if you try to tip more than you have, the bot will ask you to pay a Lightning invoice to complete the tip; but if you tip less than or equal to what you have, it'll go straight through without needing to do anything else)
@_date: 2019-01-16 16:23:15
That solves the problem of it being legit "at the time it was created" but not that it remains available and usable indefinitely in the future (yes, it is the user's fault, but they'll still complain).
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:14:13


... or other dedicated (ASIC) mining hardware.  It is important that people are aware there are alternatives.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:14:56
How do you know is in the minority?  I do the same.
To be fair though, re-buying bitcoin that I've spent is trivially simple with bitcoin.de linked to my Fidor bank account; no need to transfer money around or that sort of thing.  If it were harder as you describe, I may be less willing to do so.
@_date: 2019-01-11 13:52:09
I just got around to trying again, but it still didn't work...
Is there a limit to the text length or content in the text box?  I wrote quite a bit and also included links...
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:08:20
It's only a crime if you intend to make the bill "*unfit for reissue*".  I don't think that's the case with a simple written statement.
That said, I think it's a pretty juvenile and pointless thing to do, so I wouldn't recommend it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:57:00
Well, I'm somewhere in the top 10000 rather than top 100 (although, as points out, addresses tell you nothing about individuals, so I can only guess); but suffice to say: yes, I'm also buying more.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:41:30
Can you define a bit more precisely what you mean by a "10% drop"?
For example, if I buy 1 satoshi right now for $0.01, then *very briefly* by some metrics, BTC was valued at $1000000.  Immediately after that, it'll be down to its previous value again, which is much more than a 10% drop.
Obviously, you're not going to buy $1000 in BTC every time I do that, so you must have some kind of way of determining what really constitutes a 10% drop.
My suggestion would be to pick an exchange and a time granularity, then use their charts with the middle of that granularity's candle for the price.
You'll also however need to define cumulative and extended drops.  For example, if there's a steady downwards motion of 19% over two candles, is that one drop or two?  Do you buy $1000 or $2000 of BTC?
And what about fragmented drops?  What if one candle is 9% down, then the next is 1% up, the next is 9% down, and so on.  At no point did it drop 10%, but the overall trend there is downwards *very* fast.
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:23:12
You missed [my favourite option]( (but don't forget to consider [QoS]( and [IPv6](
@_date: 2018-02-24 11:22:38
You don’t get to guess the hash result manually. It’s the result of a calculation that - as far as the best mathematical minds in the world are aware - can’t be guessed/manipulated in advance. 
That is, you can’t know in advance how to produce a hash value below the threshold without just trying a whole bunch of times and checking your results. 
Next you might wonder why not just use a previously figured out low hash value. That’s where the clever part comes in: the hash you generate has to be based on the transactions you’re including in the block as well as the last block in the chain. 
So even if you fill the block with your own transactions (in the hope that this lets you precalculate) you’re still required to include the (impossible to know in advance) information about the previous block. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 11:51:57
In 2013, I published a book that required a significant amount of research.  I have no academic or company access to the major journals and as such, the 'expected' way for me to get access to the research would have been to pay the exorbitant fees.  There's simply no way I could have done that at the time, and so I simply never would have completed the book without Sci-Hub.
Now that I'm financially a bit more able to do things like this, I think Sci-Hub deserves something back from me.  Here's [my donation](
@_date: 2018-03-30 19:25:12


I work for a company in the cryptocurrency industry.  I didn't start it, but I do work there.


No.  I'd probably quit if my company did that.


@_date: 2018-02-17 18:33:40
You appear to be wrong.
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:43:47
Sort of... the *reason* that the transactions will never confirm is because they're actually invalid.  Specifically, the inputs are invalid since the transaction wasn't created using the correct private key for the inputs being used.
It really just spam on the network for no good reason.  I imagine the idea is that people could use it to try to fake transactions by then pointing to a block explorer and saying "look, there's the transaction!".  However if this kind of scam were to become at all popular, then the block explorers can simply start checking that the transaction is actually valid and displaying a notification on transactions that aren't (or just not showing them at all).
I would have actually assumed that block explorers already didn't show invalid transactions that have been broadcast, but I can understand how they might (it saves CPU resources if you just "dumbly" show what you've been asked rather than checking it first).
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:30:25
I'm also a father of a 7 year old girl.  She's a real "Daddy's girl" and there's no better feeling than that look of adoration and happiness when I just sit down with her and talk about whatever she wants (which recently is mostly either astrophysics or bitcoin).
I'm going to have to show her (and my wife) this post though.  She owes me a cake ;)
@_date: 2019-01-15 12:54:53
I did, and I don't see how the title fits.
To me, the news says that "Blockchain platforms" in China will have some arduous requirements that are impossible to securely implement.  It says nothing about them banning systems that use a blockchain that are not based in China (or "not really based anywhere" like Bitcoin).
My interpretation is that it's essentially rules on how Chinese companies must behave when implementing blockchains, and not about the use of existing non-Chinese blockchains (even within China).
@_date: 2019-01-17 23:48:03


How?  Specifically, how can they see it (and differentiate it from other multi-input/multi-output/multisig transactions), and how can they censor it?


I am using it more and more regularly as adoption of it increases.  If you say you don't know whether or not LN transactions can be traced, doesn't that mean Bitcoin's privacy potentially isn't nearly as bad as you're claiming?  You clearly *don't know* according to your own statement.


Wouldn't that require telling you where I am?  Which is quite the opposite of maintaining privacy?


As someone who spent the better part of his youth performing these kinds of activities (yes, I'm a former criminal... shocking, I know!), I know for a fact that the privacy/security of "hidden stashes" intended for recipients of stored items tends to be very poor.
@_date: 2018-02-08 12:32:20
You say "long term" and show a 3 month chart?
Try [this one](
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:54:29


I absolutely agree with you there.
That's actually what I was getting at with my very first paragraph.  This post is aimed squarely at those who do *not* have that point of view.  For those who do, "buy" and "sell" are perfectly valid terms.


That's sort of my point though.  I find the viewpoint and behaviour of people engaged in bitcoin purely for trading to be somewhat detrimental on the whole to the ecosystem.  I can't stop them and wouldn't want to have the ability to do so (as that would imply a fundamental power that I strongly believe should not exist) so for now, it is how it is.  I can however do my best to educate people about what I see as the most interesting and valuable aspects of bitcoin, and one small part of that is the view of it as a real currency, where I see the usage of the terms "buy" and "sell" hindering this more accurate perception.
@_date: 2017-09-09 13:43:28
That is a reason to charge an extra fee, sure. I never complained about that. Longer term, by the time these aggregation transactions are no longer economically viable, I'd expect these kinds of merchants should all have switched to second layer solutions. 
You seem to be shifting the goalposts of the conversation here; I assume to match an agenda and preconceived ideas. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 12:25:15


It's not a common term, but it's definitely not unknown and would be understood by pretty much anyone.


Seriously?  I - and I believe the majority of the metric using world - would answer this within seconds.  And half of that time would be bemusement as to why someone would ask.
The only real delay is the double factoring, since it's going from milli to kilo (1000th to x1000).  If you asked how many metres 2.76km is, or how many millimetres 2.76 metres is, the answer doesn't even require thinking about, it's just automatic.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:54:16
I'd agree.  I'm not fundamentally against one doubling of the blocksize, since I think that the additional strain on the network wouldn't be overly dramatic and would bring some advantages (however another doubling beyond that would be absolutely catastrophic - blocksize increase is an easing only, real improvements come from other more elegant measures).
That said, I'm extremely against Segwit2x because it was agreed without community support/discussion; the client was developed by someone clearly incapable of the job; many of the main participants speak openly against concepts that I believe are fundamental to bitcoin's value (moral as well as financial); and in light of the lack of community consensus they have even gone so far as to deliberately not include replay protection, which can not be interpreted as anything other than an attack.
If a careful and proven highly skilled team of developers (such as the core team, but not exclusively them) were to offer a proposal for a doubling of the blocksize over a long term period (e.g. 12 to 24 months from now) with plenty of opportunity for community discussion, the overwhelming majority of the bitcoin community agreed, and an upgrade plan was put in place and communicated by all stakeholders, I'd be absolutely fine with it.
@_date: 2018-11-17 17:07:48


No it didn't.


I don't recall it getting that low... but even if it did, 0.01 is still significantly different to 0.


I don't even understand what this is supposed to mean.  I think you're trying to say that it'll only stay at zero if there's a fundamental problem found in the underlying technologies behind bitcoin.  "Blockchain" however is just one of the many technologies and not really one that can 'fail' since it clearly already works as it's supposed to.  More likely (but still extraordinarily unlikely) is that one of the fundamental hashing or cryptographic functions is broken by a very clever mathematician finding a shortcut to reverse a function that we thought was irreversible.
@_date: 2018-11-10 07:16:14
Aside from the bad typos and shitcoin support, what's up with printed QR codes?  It seems like a terrible way to support it, since:
1. If they ever have two people wanting to pay the same amount at roughly the same time, they'll have no way of knowing which payment is which
2. They are reusing an address, which carries a potential future risk
3. The user is responsible for entering the value, which is likely to be a slower user experience
4. The user is responsible for entering the value, which is likely to be a more error prone system
There are plenty of bitcoin (and probably other crypto) point of sale providers these days.  They should use one.
@_date: 2019-01-14 14:57:10
And if you don't reuse addresses, your public key is never (usefully) exposed, so you don't need to worry.
@_date: 2017-09-14 05:51:57
Totally different. 
In the casino, you HAVE already lost. You walk in with $500, change half of that to chips, and now have $250 plus 250 chips. You lose $200 of chips on the games and now have $250 plus 50 chips. A loss of 200 chips. 
With Bitcoin, you have your $500, convert half of it to BTC, and now have $250 plus 50mBTC. The exchange rate drops dramatically but you don't sell. You STILL have $250 plus 50mBTC. You've lost nothing. 
The problem is when you view it as a "thing that is worth money" rather than as "money". 
@_date: 2018-11-28 08:51:02
I'll read this through in detail as soon as I can, but I understood this concept from overviews as only really being functional for establishing new channels between the existing parties that built the initial on-chain transaction (i.e. multisig from multiple parties) and not for adding new parties (new private keys representing on-chain addresses that weren't involved in the initial transaction).
I can't say that for absolute sure though, so I'll read the paper once I've got the time to do it properly and then reply again.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:06:47
Every time there are ups and downs, there's someone saying how it "feels different this time".
Ironically, that's one of the things that makes it feel like even more of the same to me. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 15:18:26
@_date: 2018-11-28 10:03:39


Weil das stimmt und auch vollkommen korrekt ist, unerwarteten und außergewöhnlichen Gebühren treiben ein *negatives* Effekt an für das ganze System.


Da bin ich mir nicht ganz sicher.  Mir scheint es mehr wie "Racketeering" gemischt mit "wir wissen, unsere Kunden sind unerfahren und einfach etwas dumm" zu sein.  So lange als es überhaupt Konkurrenz gibt (was es gibt mit dem Börsen/Exchanges, auch wenn die nicht physikalisch sind), ist das keine Ausrede.  Aber so lange als niemand wirklich versteht was die machen, können die es noch schaffen unglaublich hoch/unfair Gebühren zu haben.  Was wir brauchen um das zu vermeiden es nicht besonders Konkurrenz (obwohl es gut wäre) sonst mehr allgemeine Wissen im Publikum wie es (ganz grob und basis) funktioniert und dann werden die selbst den Drück auf den Hersteller/Dienste ausprägen.
^((sorry for any grammatical failures in the above, German is my 5th language and as a native English speaker, I suck at learning others well))
@_date: 2018-02-18 19:52:01
I'm also not all that negative about segwit adoption either though.  Segwit alone isn't enough to push some of the bigger exchanges to use it because it's not hurting their business too much not to adopt it, but as more and more things either require segwit or are better with it than without it, they'll adopt it as a matter of necessity since their customers will demand those things (not segwit itself).
When it comes to private wallet usage rather than exchanges, I only use Segwit addresses and I don't personally know anyone who doesn't.  That should also increase a lot once the next Bitcoin Core version is released (using it in 0.15.1 requires a bit of knowledge; using it in 0.16 will be much more straightforward).
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:30:42
That is totally irrelevant to me and to what I said.  I pay in bitcoin.
This is no different than when I use my Euro based credit card to buy something from the UK.  They get Pounds, but I paid in Euro, not Pounds.
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:22:07
No they don't.
I never said I'm not interested in the price, I just said I'm more interested in the technology.
@_date: 2018-02-02 14:09:38
Magical, no...
But it does have properties that are unique and different to other entities in the financial world and so while you'd expect that many aspects of it would behave like other entities, you'd also expect it may have some unique aspects.  Thus far, there isn't enough data to say for sure.
It's really no different that the first time there was a truly fiat currency.  Fiat doesn't always behave according to what the "basic laws of finance" were prior to its existence.  It has weird properties like the potential for infinite inflation.
One thing I think I can be sure of is that anyone who expects bitcoin to behave exactly like other financial instruments is as foolish as someone that expects the fiat dollar to behave exactly like the gold-backed dollar.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:11:36
When I first started acquiring BTC, my "moon" was $1000.  But [I have no intention to sell](
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:31:18
What I don't think you're getting is that the people telling you about other precious metals aren't trying to tell you that gold is therefore worth less, they're telling you that their existence doesn't influence the value of gold, just as the existence of other cryptocurrencies doesn't influence bitcoin.
There are only ever 21 million bitcoin.
Imagine I create a new coin tomorrow with a supply of 210 million units.  There are STILL only ever 21 million bitcoin.  The existence of my coin doesn't alter the number of bitcoins at all and unless people decide they want my coin INSTEAD of bitcoin won't alter bitcoin's market value.
Just as continuous printing of higher and higher values of Venezuelan Bolivar does nothing (directly) to impact the value of the USD, Euro, Pound, or Yen unless people suddenly start wanting to trade their existing fiat currencies for Bolivars, the creation of new cryptocurrencies does nothing to influence the value of the others.  Owning 1 bitcoin is still owning one twenty-one-millionth of the entire possible supply.
As for your graph, my personal history with bitcoin looks more like [this](  There's really a few more "buy" and a few "spend on stuff" scattered throughout than is shown there (especially in 2016/early-2017, where I was using it as a currency as much as possible while the fees were still low), but the general case holds.  So far, hodling has been a very successful strategy for me.
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:03:43
I truly do feel sorry for you if you care more about money than ideas.
@_date: 2018-02-28 04:36:48
Can you point out a single incorrect statement and back that up with evidence to the contrary?  Or are you just a troll?
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:36:38
Even if your first sentence is true (which it certainly could be, I'm not saying otherwise), there's absolutely no reason to assume that your second sentence naturally follows from it.
It certainly *could* be the case that they're trying to trick people in order to steal cryptocurrency, but it seems extraordinarily unlikely since their primary revenue stream (running an exchange) is both legal and orders of magnitude more profitable than this kind of theft.
Most likely, they are just overly cautious about activity, froze your account (and yes, I agree it's unfair given their statement about no limits on crypto), and now demand (legally) that you take certain actions in order to get access to it again.
This is really no different than when the bank told me I couldn't spend €12000 of my own money on a computer I wanted because "normal people don't spend that much on a computer".  I eventually got the payment go through using ugly hacks via PayPal, but it took about a month of fighting and trying different things.
The lesson is that if someone else is in control of your money, they can be dicks about it and quite often the law is on their side.  This applies whether you're talking fiat or crypto.
@_date: 2018-03-29 10:20:06
From the two options you mentioned, my behaviour is closer to "spend and replace".  However there's one key difference in that I don't replace *after* spending BTC.  My behaviour is actually better described as "get rid of nearly all my fiat as quickly as possible when I get it" and then spend BTC whenever it's a possibility for something I need/want to buy.
The only fiat I continue to hold is an emergency fund in case of catastrophic failure, plus enough left over from my monthly pay to cover those few payments I still have going out in fiat (which I'm working on replacing with bitcoin).
To be clear, I do have (reasonably significant) investments as well, but the idea is simply to keep my fiat holdings as low as possible since they are the only "store of value" I have that is essentially *guaranteed* to become less valuable over time.
I don't view my BTC holdings as an "investment" but rather simply as my primary liquid currency.  If I were to rebalance my other investments in some way and end up pulling some money out of it, that money would be BTC, definitely not any of the world's fiat currencies.
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:56:10
Satoshi had much better grammar than you.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:04:26
I'm aware that the terms "buy" and "sell" are used with foreign exchange also, but what I guess I failed to point out successfully is that in those cases there's always a 'main' currency which you're using to buy or receiving when you sell.
In other words, if you're someone who values everything in USD, then you can indeed "buy" and "sell" euro on foreign exchange markets.  However, if you're someone who travels back and forth between the eurozone and the US, then the terms become much more ambiguous.  You're exchanging euro for dollars in one direction and dollars for euro in the other, but both of them are intended for use as currency, not as a speculative investment based on their relative exchange rates.  Both "buy" and "sell" can be used for the either of the exchange directions depending on how you view it, which makes them pretty bad/confusing terms to use.
As bitcoin is global, it has no local geographic environment.  Accordingly, the terms "buy" and "sell" reflect something closer to the speculative investment foreign currency exchange than they do the exchange for the purposes of usage of the currency.
@_date: 2018-03-16 10:11:34
While I agree with you on a theoretical level, my more practical side thinks this would be a great help.  It's a sad truth that a very large number of people in the world don't like thinking.  The result of this is that they tend to take the path of least resistance before even finding out what the downsides of that path might be.  The consequence of which being that they'll:
a) Assume Bitcoin is a company or otherwise has an "owner" that controls everything.
b) Assume that bitcoin.com is the official website of this owner.
While the correct goal is to improve education (including instilling in people a desire for the use of critical thinking since ultimately it will benefit them as well as everyone else), that's going to take a long time (my guess is many generations, if ever).  Pragmatic short term fixes such as buying bitcoin.com and using it to provide resources and information is much better than leaving it as it is causing serious confusion and negative sentiment that slows down positive progress.
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:06:16
I’m only “upper middle class” at absolute best and my credit limit is a quarter million...
(Never been more than a couple if k in debt though)
@_date: 2018-02-15 07:25:44
Yeah... not ancient yet, but definitely older than most on reddit it seems... Turning 39 later this year.
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:52:25
It's up around 1800% over the last two years.  What kind of "lifetimes" are you talking about, fruit flies?!
@_date: 2018-02-21 08:27:28
I buy pizza and other delivered fast food pretty much exclusively with bitcoin, no Lightning needed (but I’ll welcome it for the lower fees and faster/easier transactions). 
In case you’re wondering how: Lieferando.de in Germany (but it’s a part of the larger takeaway.com group available in several countries). 
@_date: 2018-11-13 11:26:49


That which can be claimed without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.  In other words: prove it, because I'm not going to argue without you giving me something more concrete to argue against.


I'm well aware of what double-spending is, and I don't believe there is any way that Lightning enables double-spending specifically.  If you have evidence to the contrary, present it.


Such as?


There is no point in a "single use" channel, so why would you do it?  Channels are supposed to be reused for many transactions between opening and closing.  Essentially, raising this as an argument against Lightning is like saying that new cars are too expensive because who would pay around $40k just to take one trip down the road to the shops?
@_date: 2017-10-29 10:58:47
While it is definitely a lot in hindsight, I won't complain.  If it weren't for Silk Road, I probably wouldn't have gotten interested in bitcoin as early as I did, and therefore likely wouldn't hold anywhere near as much as I do now.
So, while it would certainly be nice to have those 60BTC back again, I know that if it weren't for that, I'd probably be worse off now than I am (at current prices, buying my current holdings would be a massive over-investment for me and definitely not something I'd risk even if I could swing it at all).
@_date: 2018-02-22 13:47:29
Several bitcoin users claim "Bank of England has failed".
@_date: 2018-02-13 10:57:53
I've been using Bread for quite a while now with less and less satisfaction as time goes on.  This is definitely the last straw though.
No clearly defined plans to implement SegWit and just a lame excuse about the resource intensiveness of monitoring?  I'm done.  I'm transferring my hot wallet over to BitWallet.  The UI might not be as friendly and intuitive, but it's good enough.
(I would be happier if BitWallet implemented custom fee selection; but since Bread don't have it either, it's not like I'm losing a feature).
It's times like this I wish I had more free time, I'd just create my own wallet (even if no one else ever wanted to use it, at least I'd have all the features/functions I want).
@_date: 2016-09-04 15:09:12


There are generally three types of drug users:
1) Those who take whatever just to get 'fucked up'.  
2) Those who are maintaining a habit/addiction.  
3) Those who enjoy drug use for self-improvement, fun, spiritual reasons (especially psychedelics), and so on.
The first type generally don't buy online much at first.  They get stuff from friends and a local dealer or two.  They also don't last long as a 'type', reasonably quickly turning in to types 2 or 3 or quitting entirely.
The second type don't generally get involved in serious poly-drug use and tend to maintain their habit of one specific drug.  This is generally something like meth, coke, heroin, or prescription opiates and benzodiazepines.  They might buy online or from their 'old' hookups.  Many won't visit discussion forums, but those who do will concentrate a lot on sharing their story with others, which may include harm reduction discussion and quite often advice for tapering or quitting entirely.
The third type are the most likely to be poly-drug users over a longer timeframe.  They are also the most likely to actively seek out and share harm reduction information since it's common to be curious about a drug that they haven't tried before but don't want to do themselves significant harm.
The community over at is the perfect example where you'll find all three of these types, but the 3rd far outweighs the 2nd, which somewhat outweighs the 1st.  I don't think this split is necessarily the case for actual total percentages of drug users (sadly I think the first type is pretty common), but is a good indication of the numbers of each group willing to participate in online discussion.
How the author could say this "wasn't expected" goes to show how little they understand the motivations behind drug use. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 15:02:20
Things like C# require a specific runtime environment such as .NET on Windows or the Xamarin/mono runtimes on most other operating systems.
C++ is a more low-level language, so you're more sure of what's actually happening under the hood once compiled (although of course not as sure as using assembly, but that's a tradeoff you make for ease of use).
However chances are, the most likely reason is that Satoshi was just more comfortable writing this kind of code in C++ than anything else.  It's a very good language in general, so the question really might as well be "why not?" rather than "why?"
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:17:06
And it appears you're just another of those who think that because you don't understand any reason for being interested in bitcoin other than the price that no one else possibly can be either.
You also don't seem to understand what a logical fallacy is, since none of those things you listed are.
\ Not an argument I'd use.  I believe the fiat exchange value will go up again because of the basic mathematics involved, not just because it did so in the past.
\ I don't see how these are greatly contradictory statements other than that the fiat exchange value is pretty much irrelevant.  A better way to phrase the second part would be "don't regret not getting bitcoin when it becomes the only way to freely transact" (which would likely coincide with a large fiat exchange value).
\ Without an example, I have no idea what you're talking about.
\ I think the people doing this are a very different group of people to those interested in the tech.
\ I have no idea what this even means.
\ Again, I don't see these as being greatly contradictory.  Fiat is bad.  When the fiat exchange value goes down, it is a sign of adoption taking longer.  I'd prefer adoption to happen more quickly.  Therefore I do care (to some extent) about the value going down.  Not because of the value itself, but because of what it implies in terms of adoption, which I care very much about.
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:50:10


How do you possibly think this?
Blockchains without proof-of-work are just distributed databases.  They are not secure because they can be rewritten by any actor and then have those rewrites propagated.  Proof-of-work is how you ensure that the entries in the chain can not just be changed on a whim (because changing them requires work that is equivalent to the work that was spent writing them in the first place, and to change any historical entry you also need to change every entry after it with the equivalent amount of work for each of those also; which is an essentially impossible task).


Consensus of validity is a very important job that it *also* does, but it's more or less a side-effect of the way it secures the chain (as in, you wouldn't have validity without the security provided since it would be trivial to just make something else "valid" instead without it).  Security is the *primary* function of the work performed in mining.
@_date: 2019-01-08 11:36:51
You might be missing that BlueWallet can be used with your own LNDHub if you've set one up.  You don't need to use their custodial one.
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:45:17
Your entire post is assuming that a debt based society is a necessity.  This is simply false.
A house, a car, and starting a business wouldn't cost what they do today if no one can afford them with savings.  The only reason they're so expensive is *because* you can get a loan to pay for them.  They'd readjust to their fair market value (what people are willing to actually pay for them).
This is equally true for income and every other aspect of our current system.  It's built around the idea of borrowing money to do things and then paying off that debt.  It doesn't have to be this way though.  In a sensible system, as long as you have valuable skills to provide, you can earn an income that allows you to live slightly below your means in order to save up money to buy the things you want.  It won't require 40 years of saving to buy a house (as many houses currently would and that's how long you pay off a mortgage) but instead something more reasonable.  Of course that will still depend on supply and demand, so you can expect an apartment in Manhattan to always cost more than a big house in a small town in central Siberia, but it will be within the capabilities of that percentage of people want to live there that is sufficient to fill Manhattan.  If it weren't, the prices would naturally decrease until hitting that equilibrium.
Debt based society is *not* necessary.
@_date: 2018-03-12 09:21:47
Norway, Iceland, Canada, Russia...
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:05:11
The *protocol* doesn't actually specify a "satoshi per byte" fee, just a fee, which you can set to any valid bitcoin value, including 1 satoshi or even zero.  Most *implementations* however do manage fees on a per byte basis since that lines up better with the monetary view of the system (competing for space in a block) rather than the protocol view.
In practice, even though values as low as zero are actually technically valid, the vast majority of nodes won't relay your transaction due to settings for how low a fee they'll relay.  If your fee is too low, you'll probably never even get your transaction propagated across the network.
For more information, you can google around a bit for **minRelayTxFee** and **dustRelayFee**, which are the names of the properties used in the client to determine what will get relayed and what won't.
@_date: 2018-11-18 08:22:42
Not really... overreacting would be actually caring enough to write a long rant about it.  A 5 second comment is just "meh, that's a bit dumb... I feel like telling this person in the mild hope that they realise it."
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:45:16


Why?  In this scenario, I clearly still have other forms of money, so I'd simply trade that for a larger number of tokens.


Completely agreed.  Which is why I'm quite a fan of the limited supply of most cryptocurrencies and not a fan of potentially unlimited supply fiat systems.
@_date: 2018-02-22 05:19:43
It *can* be relayed; it just almost certainly *won't* be.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:28:28
Completely true.
I never said that I and are *not* in the minority.  We might be, we might not be.  I make no claim to knowledge in that regard.
Instead I asked how *you know* that we are.
@_date: 2018-11-18 08:43:44


I'm clearly not an exchange, and it's true for me.
An example of a single on-chain transaction for me from a couple of days ago was:
* Renewing my VPN
* Ordering my meal-replacement shakes for next month
* Ordering a Christmas present for my wife (a new canvas picture for our living room)
* Ordering a Christmas present for my father-in-law (a Ledger Nano S)
* Ordering pizza for family dinner because both my wife and I were feeling too lazy to cook
The pizza was a time-critical order (as in, they won't deliver until they get paid and I want it immediately, not "at some point in the future").  Every other order was not time critical, so I just either queued them up in my wallet or made a note to add them later (in the case of online payment processors that don't wait forever) until the desire for a time-critical payment came along.  I'll probably queue up my next rent payment some time next week as well, which I'll then push out either with another time-critical payment or just at the end of the month if I don't have any time critical payments before then.
I'm aware this isn't a typical behaviour for the majority of people, but it doesn't mean that people can't or don't use it the way that I do.
Personally, I don't plan on doing this forever though.  I'm looking forward to wider merchant adoption of Lightning, which will greatly improve the user experience for me (since quite frankly, planning batching is kind of a PITA).


When talking about batching (as with my current use case), sure.  But once you get to using second layer networks like Lightning, there could be any number of transactions in between the "open channel" transaction on-chain and "close channel" transaction on chain.
While it's true a channel can be open indefinitely, in the real world, we expect channels will eventually be closed.   
 How many transactions happen in a channel lifetime will have an average even if we have no idea what it will be.  Let's imagine - just to pick a number out of the air - that each channel will do 1000 transactions before being closed. Since channel management transactions can also be batched, a single on-chain transaction could be opening and closing hundreds of channels simultaneously.  That would mean that a single "transaction" on-chain actually represents hundreds of thousands of real world transactions.  Fill a block with those and you've easily got the 40 million tx per day that was asking about in the post.
@_date: 2017-09-09 04:22:24
Mostly bitcoin.de because of how nicely it links to my Fidor bank account (no transferring in and out of an exchange or relying on direct bank transfers to people you don't know).
I have also used Kraken a bit though. Mostly to set up my "gamble" with alts (I believe in Bitcoin long term, but hold a bunch of alts just in case something skyrockets so I can sell it at a nice profit to increase my Bitcoin hodlings more). 
@_date: 2018-11-16 11:38:19
You probably are looking for something like [BitWage](
^(Note: I've never used them and am not affiliated with them.  I can't vouch for the process or answer questions.  I'm just aware of their existence.)
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:28:18
Correct, it has nothing to do with limited vs unlimited supply.
However that's a strawman since I have never seen anyone arguing that point.
Fiat is "by decree".  That is, it is money because someone in power declares it to be money.
No one declared bitcoin to be money, it just "is", in the same way that gold is and that collectable trading cards are.  That is, they are money because people want to use them as money.  They have value from their properties that make them desirable and people trade them based on the expectation of their desirability.  It's important to note of course that these examples all have very different properties, so they're certainly not all equivalent, but they are all "not fiat", unlike the dollar, euro, yen, and so on.
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:16:36
Can't speak for anyone else, but mine was just sitting on my HDD managed by the Bitcoin (now "Bitcoin Core") client.  I didn't take the security of it seriously back then, because I didn't stop to think about what Bitcoin really means and the potential of it (if I had've done so, I would've kept all of those coins I CPU mined and would today be extraordinarily rich).
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:25:34
I expect it'll be "crashing" to some kind of high five figure value after having spent a little time in a "bubble" of six figures and people will be calling it the death of bitcoin (yet again).
If you want a dollar figure, sure, I'll throw a meaningless guess in: $87654.32 after having hit an ATH in December 2018 of $123456.78.
@_date: 2017-10-14 07:33:25


@_date: 2018-02-23 11:19:32
This article is oddly worded.  Segwit isn't getting updated, the Bitcoin Core client is, and that will - as the article quite rightly points out - be a good thing for segwit adoption and the development and adoption of features that use it.  But to say that "*Segwit will be getting a major update*" is just plain wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-13 12:15:02
Energy use is not measured on a per transaction basis.  Saying "check the environmental cost of one transaction" is meaningless when that cost doesn't scale with the number of transactions.
The energy is:
1. used to secure the chain, and therefore (by definition) *not* wasted.
2. really not all that much compared to many other systems (including financial systems).
3. tending towards greener sources like hydrothermal anyway because they're more economically viable.
But to reiterate the first point, don't measure it as if the energy is per transaction.  We can do a hundred thousand times as many transactions without expending a single joule more.  In fact, we could even expend LESS energy and do more transactions!  If we did though, there'd be less security, and would anyone really trust a cryptocurrency where there's an actual significant risk of transactions disappearing or being rewritten?
@_date: 2018-02-27 05:20:56
There are people on reddit who have much more wealth than I do.  From my perspective, I'm still one of the plebs along with you.
I still work a 9 to 5, do a bunch of crap that my boss asks of me, and dream of one day having enough to be able to do what I love instead of what I must.
@_date: 2018-02-08 10:04:10
He spent "potential" bitcoin on it in that if he didn't spend the $15 on beer, he could have bought $15 worth of bitcoin.
This is true of **every** financial choice, and it's why I only hold as much fiat as necessary to ensure that I and my family could survive for 6 to 12 months if I suddenly lost my job and simultaneously all cryptocurrencies suddenly crashed to zero.  Aside from that emergency fund, all of my wealth is in assets and cryptocurrencies (almost exclusively bitcoin, but I do have a small amount of a few alts).
For the same reason, I'm not averse to spending bitcoin.  Spending $1000 worth of bitcoin on a new toy is just the same as spending $1000 worth of fiat on that toy.  If I didn't spend the fiat on that, it would go in to buying more bitcoin, so either way, I'm in the same position at the end.
Could I be significantly richer by not spending money on toys and other things I want?  Sure.  But that's true regardless of what currency I'm using and what properties it has.  It's a matter of weighing up the value of enjoying my life now vs the opportunity cost later.
Of course, it really is *weighing it up*, and not just blind hedonism.  I really could afford a lambo right now if I cashed out a significant portion of my BTC, but that's an opportunity cost I'm not willing to take.  If I - for the sake of example - had 5000 BTC (I don't), then spending ~50BTC on a toy that will give me significant joy for several years probably would be worth it to me.  Equally, if 1 BTC were to hit a million USD in the next few years, I'd almost certainly buy myself a couple of nice sports cars (although not a lambo, I really don't like them).
@_date: 2017-09-09 03:58:59
Sure... paying a fee with a bit of a buffer to ensure priority is expected, normal, and even 'right'. However, to call a fee with 10 times the current requirement "low" is quite simply wrong in every sense. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 13:56:09
Depends on your definition of "naturally".
The coins are mined - that is, people who have invested a lot in computing power and electricity are doing work that produces new coins.  They don't get to choose how many coins or when they get them, that is up to the algorithm that everyone mutually agrees on (if they tried to change this, it just wouldn't be bitcoin anymore and their fake coins would be rejected by the network).
Bitcoins are indeed limited to 21 million BTC.  More precisely, it's actually 21 million billion satoshi, since that's the only 'real' unit understood by the system.  1 Bitcoin - as one hundred million satoshi - is just a convenient amount that once upon a time made sense for dealing with practical sized numbers but is starting to do so less and less each day (personally, I have all of my clients and apps set to mBTC but may consider switching to µBTC once the value roughly doubles from what it is now).
@_date: 2017-10-14 10:53:56


Definitely not.  There are still a huge number of people that either:  
a. Haven't heard of bitcoin at all  
b. Have heard of it, but don't know enough about it to realise the potential value, so haven't invested yet


There's been quite a lot of news, including rumours such as that Amazon is looking in to accepting it (which if true, would be huge).  Please don't make the mistake of assuming that the news *you* see is representative of the news that everyone else sees.


To an extent, yes, but the larger the market, the less the significance of any crash (or rush).  Bitcoins volatility is because it's still such a small number of people compared to many other markets.


I'm not totally sure what you mean.  If you mean exchanges selling bitcoin they don't actually have but just making it look like that, then it's not exactly FRB, but it would behave similar to it in some broad view ways.  Since it's not legally endorsed though, it's more or less just "lying to customers" (e.g. John telling Mary that she has 5BTC when really Mary only has an IOU from John for 5BTC that John can't actually cover if she (along with everyone else) tries to get it out).  I think it's a bad idea for anyone to get involved in, but there will still be people/companies who do.
Note that it's still not really FRB though, since in FRB this "virtual money" can be used within the system as real money.  With bitcoin, the bitcoin itself is the only real money.  I (and I imagine most others) won't accept an IOU for 1BTC from an exchange as being equivalent to 1BTC in the same way that I *will* accept a $5000 IOU from my bank as being equivalent to $5000 cash simply because I know that fiat currency is backed by the government (for all the positives **and** negatives that brings) and the bank is beholden to regulations and laws enforcing this equivalency.  Bitcoin is notably not protected in this way (nor can it be, since the government can not 'at will' create bitcoin as they can with fiat).  Somewhat similarly I also wouldn't accept an IOU for 5 ounces of gold unless they could prove to me that the gold was actually there.
It doesn't affect me either way since I don't keep my coins on an exchange.  My coins are under my control and mine alone and I'd encourage anyone else to do the same if they don't want the possibility of someone running off with their money and almost nothing they can do about it.
@_date: 2017-10-30 05:08:05
If I spend €20 worth of BTC on ordering pizza for my family, I'll - the same day - buy somewhere around €20 worth of BTC back again.
That way, I'm the exact same amount down (€20, and zero BTC), but  at the same time, I've actually used bitcoin and showed the merchant that it's a viable and interesting payment method.  I view it as doing my part to increase awareness and adoption.
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:12:03
Spending the fiat on that thing is identical to not spending that fiat on more bitcoin.
So, therefore:  
- If you would rather had bitcoin than that thing, you shouldn't have bought it and should've bought bitcoin instead.  
- If you would rather have that thing than bitcoin, then it shouldn't bother you to spend bitcoin on it.
Note that this also applies to holding fiat currency.  If you would rather be holding bitcoin than fiat, then why do you have spare fiat lying around to buy stuff with?
^(Note for clarity since I know that people will otherwise freak out.  I'm not advising having 100% of your value in bitcoin and no fiat reserves; just not holding any more fiat than you actually need.  It's a terrible long term store of value.  I personally have enough fiat to keep me and my family going for somewhere around 6 to 12 months.  All other value is in things other than fiat. 
 Mostly bitcoin, but not entirely.  I definitely don't have "spare" fiat lying around for purchases of non-essential things; I use bitcoin for that.)
@_date: 2017-09-10 14:02:51


Correct, and it is.


Which is extremely easy and cheap to do right now.


Not just "maybe".  That's one of the points.  Since in this future scenario where all small transactions are handled on LN or similar, there will be no small 'dust' UTXOs lying around as all on-chain transactions will be for significant values.  It would be *possible* to craft transactions that create dust (i.e. I have an UTXO worth 10 and I use 9.9999 to open a channel plus fees, I've now got 0.0001 on my change, which may be a problem; but that's my own fault for not just putting it in to the channel as well).


Right now, no it isn't.  In the future it could be if no one had any solutions, but since we do, it won't be in the future either.


I fail to see what blockstream has to do with it at all.  They don't define the direction of bitcoin and any solutions they create are free to be used or not by everyone.
I assume however that you're conflating blockstream and bitcoin core, which is a common troll tactic by people pushing certain agendas.  Even if so however, bitcoin core *also* doesn't control the direction of bitcoin and if the software from that project were to seriously cripple bitcoin then people would stop using it.  As a very large number of people do use it, we can either conclude that you know something they don't, or you're wrong.  If it's the former, you should present clear and demonstrable evidence for your position.  If it's the latter, its of course up to you what to do, but when I'm wrong about something, I like to correct my understanding through education and would humbly suggest you consider the same.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:19:05
20 to 30 years ago, I probably would have grudgingly agreed with you... now, not so much.  The US is rapidly losing influence that it used to have and - even more relevant - other countries or regions are growing in influence.
These things combined mean - for example - Australia no longer jumps immediately when America tells it to.  Now they'll carefully look over at South East Asia to see if jumping would bother anyone there too much before they do so.
Even just asking people off the street in Europe, sentiment towards America used to be either "love it" or "hate it".  Now instead, there's a much larger proportion of "meh, don't care, don't really even think about it much".  Loving something or hating it may seem like opposites, but both of them are still 'caring' about it.  The growth of apathy is a real indicator of the waning influence.
It's only a small change, and it's just the beginning, but it's very reminiscent of the roman empire near the end and - like a snowball rolling downhill - might begin to pick up speed and strength very quickly.
(plus all of that is irrelevant to the point that was making, which is that electricity costs tend to be very variable around the world, so statements that base calculations or opinions on US energy prices are laughably wrong)
@_date: 2018-02-12 13:41:11
Yes, early investors in bitcoin will do better than late investors.  That's the way of most financial systems.  But that's totally unrelated to what was saying.
The "power" he was referring to has nothing to do with financial value.  It's the power to actually have control over your own money.  The inability for a small group of people to unilaterally decide on how it can be used and how much of it exists at any given time.  The ability for anyone, anywhere to send any amount of it to anyone else, anywhere else, without interference or chargebacks.  That is the "power" of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-01 12:00:40


@_date: 2018-02-03 05:05:14
There's more to the world than just the US.
I don't disagree that the exchange rate to fiat would tank pretty badly under such a scenario, but I also don't really care.  As long as I have my censorship resistant, decentralised money, I will use it with whoever wants to keep using it with me.  Whether one token is worth $1 or $1m just changes how many tokens I use for exchange.
@_date: 2018-02-13 07:04:46
My understanding of the word "cougar" is any older woman that tries to seduce *much* younger men.
Various 'aspects' of them is that they tend to be very assertive, are often hot (but may also be "mutton dressed as lamb"), and are interested in physical relations only rather than emotional ones, but I wouldn't consider those aspects to be necessary requirements for the label.
Edit: [Wikipedia]( seems to agree with my definition, for whatever that's worth.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:27:15


The problem with this statement is you define neither a timeframe nor a value to “tanking”. 
I think the chances of it hitting $100k are much higher than the chances of it hitting $1k in the next three years. 
I’m not saying it necessarily will hit $100k in that timeframe, but it’d surprise me much less than $1k would. 
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:10:49
Can't take fiat with you either.  I have no intention of "selling" my bitcoin.
I have every intention of spending the vast majority of it (and giving whatever is left to my kids (and hopefully grandkids one day)).
@_date: 2018-02-18 10:53:56
[citation needed]
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:37:38
No, you are wrong.  I was quite simply giving you the definition of the word fiat.
It is a Latin word.  The root verb "fieri" means, "to be done".  "Fiat" is the imperative case of the verb, and literally means "let it be done".
In English, the word is most commonly used in the context of money (or the Italian automobile manufacturer, but let's ignore them for the moment).  However it is also still used in the more general meaning of a decree or an arbitrary order.
Note that at no point did I say a government was required nor did I say anything about enforcement.  You're again building a strawman.
Check a fucking dictionary before you start arguing on the internet about the meaning of words.
@_date: 2018-02-14 05:18:55
Because it's a very easy to use high quality operating system that still has strong UNIX underpinnings, meaning running the entire GNU toolchain and common dev-tools is much much easier than on Windows (and without all the hassle that comes with maintaining a Linux desktop).
Windows is good for gaming and general office work, Linux is good for servers, Mac is good for getting actual work done in the technical world.
@_date: 2018-03-03 09:07:05
What a perfect example of how incredibly **different** the two scenarios are.
Vastly different relative values over vastly different timeframes, and a clear recovery/continuance of BTC totally unlike what happened with tulips.
Plus of course there are the obvious properties that are not shown such as the facts that BTC serves a purpose, is immutable, does not naturally die/expire, is a useful currency rather than just an investment vehicle, and so on.
But don't let facts get in the way of the narrative you're trying to spread.  They're so damned inconvenient sometimes.
@_date: 2018-03-27 20:58:27
I hardly think they're "betting their daughter's future".  As said, they've just put a little aside in BTC for her and are diversifying in other things as well.
I'd be the first to agree with you if they'd said they're putting all their kid's money in to BTC, but that's clearly not what's going on here.
Both of my kids (aged 3 and 6) also have 1 BTC each.  Even if that disappeared in smoke tomorrow though, they'd still be well looked after and be doing just fine from everything else I've got set up for them.
@_date: 2017-09-11 10:52:47


\[citation needed\]
@_date: 2018-02-12 13:06:29
There have been significant advances in bitcoin over the last few years and it will continue evolving.
Saying "it seems like one of the worst cryptos" without any justification makes no sense.  While there are some interesting ideas out there, nothing so far has proven itself to the level that bitcoin has in the fundamental properties that are important to the system (decentralisation, network stability/resilience, immutability, etc).
Should another technology prove useful and stable, it can almost certainly be implemented on top of (layer 1) or along side of (layer &gt;1) bitcoin.  So far, most of the technologies that people talk about in other coins have not reached a level of maturity or been proven to be a good idea to the point that it would be of interest to implement on bitcoin.  Implementing some random idea "because it looks cool and will make things really fast and cheap" without examining all aspects of how it could effect the ecosystem would be disastrous.
The good thing is that - as a decentralised system - if you want to go ahead and run something else, you're more than capable of doing so.  There is literally no one that can stop you.  You can even implement whatever crap on top of bitcoin you like and run that.  If other people run it along with you, you'll have your very own fork with the features you want.  But my node for one (and likely many many others) will reject anything seen as invalid coming from yours.
@_date: 2017-10-23 10:53:05


I can't agree with this point enough.  There are a lot of voices that - quite reasonably - say you shouldn't hold more bitcoin than you are comfortable losing.  There are however *not enough* voices saying the equally reasonable statement that you shouldn't hold more fiat than you are comfortable losing.
Most fiat currencies are less volatile than BTC, it's true; but they have crashed spectacularly in the past, and will continue to do so in the future.
The one thing we can all be pretty sure of with every major fiat currency is that purchasing power per unit will continue to decrease over time even in the absence of a crash.  While we can't guarantee bitcoin won't crash and die, we can state that the trends thus far are clearly in the opposite direction to that of fiat.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:23:45
It's quite common - almost to the point of being 'standard' - in most (but not all) of Europe.
This is even more the for white collar work, where I don't know anyone that isn't paid monthly.  The only people I know paid weekly or biweekly here in Germany are in hospitality, shop staff, or low-skilled labourers.
@_date: 2017-10-15 06:08:37
I think they're not worth wasting time thinking about.
@_date: 2018-02-18 20:10:28
Yep, totally agreed.
@_date: 2018-03-12 12:33:37
Who exactly is "our" government?
Bitcoin is used globally and - at least officially - there isn't a world government just yet.
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:03:07
Thinking bitcoin behaves like a stock...
"noob mistake in the cryptocurrency world".
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:36:06
The lowest it reached on GDAX is $5873.  $6000 on Bitfinex.  $5920 on Bitstamp.  These were all on the 6th of February.
None of those are **sub** $5k and the 6th is definitely not "mid-February".  No part of your prediction was correct.
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:01:04
I spend (and replenish) quite a lot these days. Fast food, power bill, VPN, groceries a couple of times... there are quite a lot of options open for direct BTC spending in my part of the world. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 12:03:00


There is absolutely nothing to back this statement up.  Once upon a time, it might have been true when a significant amount of the real-world use of cryptocurrencies was the dark net markets (it's the reason I myself first got bitcoin).  Now however, the DNMs aren't much more than a rounding error in the total crypto economy so I doubt changes in the preferred DNM coin would have any significant effect.
It's also worth noting about this quote that "as a rule" is a pretty stupid thing to say when it's talking about an event that has never happened before.  The first DNMs used bitcoin and bitcoin continues to be used as the most popular coin there.  There can't possibly be an established "rule" about what happens when the dealers on the DNMs change their preferred currency.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:38:40
Only if you choose to.
If you trade fiat for bitcoin, you've lost one kind of money and gained a different kind.  The exchange rate between the two only influences the quantity of each being lost/gained.
Changes in the exchange rate over time won't affect the amount of money you're holding at all.  If you're holding $1000 and 0.1BTC, then no matter whether it's $100/BTC or $100k/BTC, you're still holding the same amount of each.
The only way to end up with more or less of either type of money is to perform a second exchange in the other direction.  That is, if you exchange 0.1BTC for $1000 and then later exchange that $1000 for 0.05BTC, you've lost 0.05BTC.  Or if you exchange $1000 for 0.1BTC and then later exchange that 0.1BTC for $900, you've lost $100.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:30:10


I use it for legal purchases at least once a week, often more.  I also use it for illegal purchases once every few months.


Volatility will decrease over time as adoption increases, however I don't see any reason to say that volatility is a reason to call it a bubble.




  
- Tulips have no inherent value.  Bitcoin does.
- Tulips are infinitely reproducible.  Bitcoin is strictly limited.
- Tulips, being physical, degrade over time eventually becoming "no longer a tulip".  Bitcoin, being digital, remains the same thing over unlimited time (1BTC will always equal 1BTC).
- Tulips, being physical, require physical proximity to verify existence and value.  Bitcoin, being a decentralised digital asset, can be verified by anyone, anywhere, at any time.
- Tulips are reasonably easy to fake.  Bitcoin is mathematically protected from being faked.
I'm really not seeing a lot of similarities here.


They could do this.  They could also choose to hold some bitcoin as a calculated risk (as is everything in business).


I don't see why you think they couldn't refund you in dollars.  They are well within their rights to do this and in fact that's exactly what many vendors who accept BTC do.  You'll find these kinds of statements written pretty much everywhere online that BTC is accepted.


Yes, but that's a calculated risk that they may choose to take.  Given the value of BTC over time since its inception, it's a risk that some businesses are starting to see as quite acceptable.  While there has been significant volatility, the outlook over scales of months has almost always been up (there was a time after the Mt Gox incident that that wasn't the case; but that's the only time so far in bitcoin's history)
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:21:02
Hannover, Germany. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 07:18:43
Probably... but what didn't happen on the Simpsons at some point?
I'm pretty old anyway.  Simpsons first came on the air when I was 10, so my brother and I get to claim dibs on that one.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:49:17
Alright. If we’re guessing, I’ll throw mine in for the fun of it:
€87654 on GDAX on 31 December 2018 23:59:59 CET. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 06:13:58
Bit by bit over the course of my life.  I'm not "waiting" as such in that I already do spend it on stuff.
I've also already assigned my kids 1BTC each, which they'll get the private keys to when they're older (currently 6 and 3, so not really financially responsible).
@_date: 2018-02-22 21:28:31
The vast majority I lost when I decided I simply wasn't interested anymore and deleted it.  That would've been a few hundred coins but I really don't know exactly.  Almost certainly an even multiple of 50 (the block reward at the time) since I'm pretty sure I never actually made any transactions with it.
Some time later, when I became interested in bitcoin again (for the purposes of using Silk Road), I again had what would be considered vast sums by today's standards, but that was purchased using fiat on Mt Gox rather than self mined.  Most of that was spent on SR, with a bit lost in the SR bust and a bit more lost in the Mt Gox collapse.
However I did have somewhere around 7 BTC left over as "spare change" from an SR purchase.  I finally caught on to the idea that there is actually something far more interesting to this currency rather than just being a way to buy illegal substances online.  So, I held on to those and over time slowly bought more.  Once I hit the 21 coin club, I got myself a hardware wallet and migrated the coins there for safety.
Since then I got a few more, used a few in purchases, sold some for other purchases that I couldn't use BTC for directly (like a new iMac Pro recently), but still maintain a healthy balance.
Plus if you tally up my total BTC/fiat trades over all time, I'm actually out ahead in fiat terms even (although, as said, it was always to spend on stuff I wanted, so I never held that fiat for long), which means that from a purely fiat standpoint, everything I've ever bought with BTC directly (all the drugs, fast food, VPN services, reddit gold, power bills, etc) has been essentially "free".
I don't actually look at it this way of course since I now consider BTC to be much more "real" than fiat, but it's a good convincing argument for my wife at least.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:04:17
Just pretend you want to make your bitcoins really shiny by polishing them... nothing to do with being from Poland.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:43:49
But the whole point is that it's *technically* not possible for them to do so.
They can of course regulate it as much as they like; but that's only controlling the laws around its use, not the system itself.
If the government wants to stop me sending or receiving fiat (for example, in certain quantities or to certain people), they have the means to do so.  However, if the government wants to stop me sending bitcoin in any way at all, they have absolutely no capability to do so.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:32:20
I think that depends a lot on your personal situation.
My cold storage was formerly simply a BIP39 seed stored in several different locations, plus a passphrase that was stored in my brain plus the brains of my nearest and dearest.  I've since upgraded it to something more secure involving Shamir Secret Sharing, but at the root of it all, it's still a single signature wallet because that's what works best for me.  I can certainly imagine situations for other people though where multisig approaches might be preferable.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:52:41
Okay... if it's that simple, then my guess is zero.
I expect several 10% (or more) drops over the course of the year, but I don't personally expect it to reach $7650.90 at any point.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:49:16


Actually, I specifically said that for larger transactions where there is a higher risk, waiting for confirmations is advisable.


I have never heard of anyone losing "huge amounts" of bitcoin due to double-spending.  In fact, I don't believe I've ever seen a real world double-spend at all outside of proof-of-concept.  Not saying it doesn't happen, just that I haven't seen it.
Several local businesses in my area accept bitcoin and all do so with zero confirmation.  I believe if they were being defrauded with any kind of regularity, they would stop doing so.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:34:38
I think the groceries example is fundamentally different in that "groceries" aren't a currency.  You intend to consume them and they have no intended purpose of further trade.
The "I had to buy some dollars..." example is closer to the point, but it ignores that that is a scenario where you have an implicit *local currency* (e.g. euro) that you're buying the US dollars with.  With bitcoin, that line gets blurred a bit since it is just as much a local currency as your fiat (by virtue of being global).
Again, I don't think that wording is wrong, just potentially misleading and fostering the wrong way of looking at it.
@_date: 2017-09-14 05:37:55


Then might I suggest you're in the wrong subreddit? exists for this. 
@_date: 2018-02-28 03:59:10
Transactions don't take hours to process.  That is a myth.  They propagate across the network and can be seen in generally a few seconds at most.
Any full node can very quickly check if a transaction is valid (e.g. the inputs to a transaction exist and are (as yet) unspent). There's no need to wait for that transaction to be included in a block.
Wallets that aren't full nodes (such as an SPV client on a phone) can also see the transaction immediately if it's been propagated across the network, and is relying on a full node for a more authoritative statement (so if you want to be really sure, it makes sense to connect it to your own full node).
In other words, just spoofing it with the UI on their phone isn't enough - you'll also see it on your phone straight away as well if its a real transaction.
The additional assurance provided by the transaction appearing in a block is that it stops another competing transaction (using the same inputs) from being included a block, thereby making the first one invalid.
For small quantities under normal circumstances, this isn't enough a concern for most people or businesses and they're willing to take that risk.  If you're dealing with large numbers, waiting a few minutes for confirmation shouldn't be such a big deal (blocks average every 10 minutes).
Another myth is how many confirmations you need to be "sure".  Six blocks is considered strong enough to be sure a miner isn't going to cheat you.  However ONE block is enough to consider that a typical non-mining user isn't going to cheat you.  Once a transaction is included in a block, the only way its disappearing is if the chain including that block is wiped out.  This can happen by accident from rare time to time, but even if it does,  the transaction will still be in someone's mempool (since they never considered it included in a block until now) and will get re-included to the newly reorganised chain again anyway.  Since your non-mining trading partner can't control this situation, they won't have any realistic way to cheat you.
@_date: 2018-02-14 10:39:35
So... following that link, then the next one, then the next one, I finally see that this is referring to the number of "blockchain.info" wallets in existence, not the number of bitcoin wallets.
So, all this tells us is that the rate at which wallets are created on blockchain.info varies quite a lot and possibly some mildly interesting information about what times of year blockchain.info wallet creation is most popular (seems to be spikes around the new year each year; but they're not the only spikes).
But it's really not useful for gleaning any information about the number of bitcoin users, their activity, or their wallet funding.
It's also worth noting that one possible reason it never goes in to the negatives is that blockchain.info never "delete" wallets, therefore the number could only possibly grow, even if the majority were empty and unused.  There is no clear definition anywhere of how they count their wallets or even what they consider to be a "wallet" (an online service could even have only a handful of addresses but 10 million "wallets" associated with them are really nothing more than database entries).  Note that I'm not saying that is the case, simply that as long as it's not known what this figure represents, even the above statements about what the chart does tell us are actually pretty meaningless.
@_date: 2018-02-26 12:45:09
You're using the word "Wallet" incorrectly.
A wallet is a system for storing your private keys.  It generally also provides ways to generate addresses that your private key has access to and perform transactions on the network.
Online services that store bitcoins "for you" are not wallets since they are not *your* private keys.  You really only have a promise from that service that they'll give you the bitcoins when you ask.  These services are better referred to as *custodial accounts*, and are usually tied to an exchange.
So, I believe your question is about which exchanges or other fiat to bitcoin services don't treat bitcoin purchases as cash advances when using a credit card.
Unfortunately I don't know the answer to your question.  I did however want to make this reply because I've seen a lot of people misusing the word "wallet" in the same way you did and felt it necessary to give an educational answer in the hopes of reducing this incorrect usage.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:29:07


This is where many disagree strongly.  Bitcoin is an inherent good by changing the management of trade and monetary supply from "those with military might" to "the consensus of the users".
The removal of force and "might makes right" from any equation is an inherent good.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:17:20


No, there isn't.


Yes, that is the intention.  Of course, it's also worth bearing in mind that fees are paid in bitcoin, not in dollars/euros/pounds/yen/whatever.  A 20 satoshi/byte fee is worth something very different at $1k/BTC than it is at $1m/BTC.


I can't imagine the current dev team accepting that nor anyone else that understands bitcoin from a technical perspective.


As a user of bitcoin, why do I suddenly not get a choice when I've ALWAYS had a choice before?  I run the node that enforces the rules I want to enforce.  If every exchange and 99% of the miners all of a sudden decided to use rules I disagree with (e.g. huge blocks, removal of finite supply, etc), then the coin they're using is no longer compatible with mine.
This is an extreme scenario of course, because in reality, I think the majority would reject those kinds of changes as happened with BCH.




This attack however is disadvantageous to pretty much everyone - even the attacker - if used maliciously to 'undo' significant transaction value.  Such an event would immediately destroy a lot of trust in the network and the value of BTC would plummet.  The resources put in to the attack would be huge and the "reward" would be the destruction of the value of what you put all that work towards.
The only way to use this kind of attack is to continue to only include real transactions that aren't re-spending already spent coins and keep the 'customers' happy.  At that point it's just miners out-gaming other miners and to be honest, I don't really care all that much if they do (although increased decentralisation is always a positive, so I'd obviously prefer it if they don't have that amount of hash power).
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:52:45
Bitcoin is inherently more volatile due to the much smaller number of participants in the market.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:47:58
Sure, they set their prices in Euro and therefore the amount of BTC I pay changes (quite drastically sometimes).  But again, you're arguing against a point I wasn't making.
said "*Go pay your utilities bills with those then. Oh, wait..m you cant*." and I countered with that the statement that in fact I can.  I didn't mean anything beyond what I said.
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:36:04


The coins I use on DNMs have never been on an exchange nor do I re-use addresses.


They didn't exist when I first started using DNMs, and my bitcoin from those days is just as private, since it has never been associated with a real identity of any kind.
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:11:45
RemindMe! 360 days "How wrong or right was Kooriki?"
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:15:27


No I don't acknowledge that.  Not at all.


Because no such "clique" exists and therefore can't be malevolent.


Whatever drugs you're on, you either need to increase them or decrease them.  Something's not working properly in your brain.


That's what you don't seem to get.  If such an attack were successfully done, it would render Bitcoin worthless and therefore render the attack pointless.  No one is going to accept your Bitcoin as having any value of any kind (not monetary, not historical evidentiary, nothing) if you've just successfully rewritten the chain.
There is simply zero reason to try to carry out this attack, even if it were feasible (which I'd argue it isn't).
@_date: 2018-02-08 12:26:15
But as has been repeated a million times here, market cap is essentially meaningless.
The sheer number of new shitcoins that have no liquidity but huge market caps on paper make it an impossible metric to actually use for anything.
I think it's clear that BTC's "real" dominance is definitely lower than it was, but I think the extent to which it is lower is not really reflected in the numbers that a "straightforward" market cap analysis gives.
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:43:23
The local places around me that accept it just do so without waiting for confirmations.  As soon as they see the transaction on the network (generally a few seconds at most), they consider it paid.
It would of course possible in theory for me to then try to stop that transaction getting confirmed by re-spending the coins in a different transaction that gets priority, but:  
1. I'm fundamentally honest and don't want to cheat a small business like that.  
2. The small amount of money I paid for a few coffees and maybe a snack isn't going to be worth the time and effort.
It's worth noting that credit card is similarly "not instant".  Those transactions take *far* longer to clear than bitcoin transactions do.  Nevertheless, the merchant accepts it as paid pretty much instantly.
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:46:59
Well, "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics" apparently disagrees with every other dictionary I've ever seen as well as the only usage I've ever heard used including by professors giving lectures on the topic.
As for the aggressive tone, I apologise.  I'm having a very bad day and your writing style came across to me as extremely arrogant about a point that is clearly wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:21:42
Except my answer was a lot more detailed and nuanced than "when you see the first transaction".
Seriously, right now I feel like you're just arguing for the sake of it.  If you reply again and don't make a valid point, don't expect an answer.
@_date: 2017-10-14 09:27:43
It doesn't require rich people or a change in mining.  It just requires enough people being interested in acquiring more and those people who have them being less inclined to sell them cheap.  That is, basic supply and demand.
Mining does vary, but it also self adjusts, so changes in mining difficultly and numbers of miners won't generally cause "spikes" in the price.
The price spike is most likely - as with the majority of price spikes - tied to news that made a reasonably large number of people think that now was a good time to buy.  For some, when they saw the price starting to increase, this validated their belief that it was a good idea, which pushed the price even higher as they scrambled to buy before it went too much higher ("FOMO" = "Fear Of Missing Out").
That said, we've seen much bigger spikes (in both directions) in the past.  This most recent one will barely be a blip when we look back on it on the charts a few years from now.
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:18:37
Bitcoin is decentralised in that there is no individual or small group that can control the system of money.  There is no central authority minting coins and no government dictating policy on how it can or can't be used.  None of this has anything to do with how the wealth happens to be distributed.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:07:34


Fiat currencies that can be printed at will are by definition not scarce.  They are unlimited.


Correct, but totally missing the point.  Supply and demand are inherently unevenly changing when one side of the equation has the potential for unlimited supply while the other does not.  Bitcoin's limited supply is *very much* the point here.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:58:05
All time high, I'm just a guy.
All time high, I'm feeling spry.
All time high, like I can fly.
All time high, haters gonna cry.
All time high, fiat will die.
All time high, didn't even try.
@_date: 2017-10-14 09:11:13
While that might or might not be true, why should October 12th be any different to any other day?
Why do you think that more people have their birthday on that particular day than any other?
Statistically, birthdays are pretty evenly distributed throughout the year.
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:37:09
1. Overstock.com
2. Steam
3. Lieferando.de (and their various other sites around Europe)
4. Enercity.de (probably not useful unless you live in Hannover, Germany; but it's great that I can pay my power bill in BTC)
5. Expedia.com
6. Microsoft
etc etc
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:16:07
I continue to hold because:
a) I'm more interested in the technology of bitcoin than the price.
b) I know I can not time the market.  I don't know what the price will do next.  In hindsight selling at 17k would've been good, but at the time I could not be certain what it would do next.  Maybe it'd keep going down, maybe it'd go up.  That is equally true of the price right now.
c) I have already extracted more fiat out than I ever put in (I was a very early adopter), so even if it were top drop to zero, I wouldn't have lost anything (only loss of potential) and would still have made good 'gains'.
d) I expect the price to rise again in the future (long term) *well* beyond the previous all-time-high.  If I'm wrong, then so be it (see point c); but if I'm right, then selling at any price is foolish (if it reaches my expectation, "selling" won't be necessary since it'll be a completely usable currency for pretty much anything I could ever want to buy).
@_date: 2017-09-09 06:46:24
If there were congestion causing high fees, I'd choose whether or not it makes sense for me to pay those fees for my transaction. I fully expect that one day, a 30€ equivalent payment on-chain will be something I choose to avoid since the fees will effectively price that out. I have no problem with this concept and will use 2nd layer systems for those transactions. 
My complaint however has nothing to do with congestion. Transactions with fees one tenth of mine have been clearing fine. As I said, if the warning message were correct, I'd think it was a good thing. It was however quite blatantly wrong, misleading, and potentially damaging to adoption. 
I don't care whether someone calls it digital gold, digital cash, or digital fucking beanie babies, what I care about is how it actually works. And bitpay directly lied about that. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 05:01:09
If 0.17316792 feels "small" to you, just remember it's only a psychological thing.  There's no reason other than convention to consider a full bitcoin to be the "unit".  According to the code, the only real unit is the satoshi, of which you have  17316792.  
Alternatively if that number is psychologically "too big", you could say you've got 173.16 mBTC or 173167.92µBTC.
Personally, I keep most of my balance displays in mBTC, but I've been thinking about changing to µBTC due to the value of 'normal everyday items' now dropping too low (1µBTC is around 0.6 Japanese yen right now and rising; once it's 1:1, there's no way I won't switch to µBTC displays).
As for whether you're doing the right thing; only hindsight will tell you that for sure.  But I'd say that as long as you can afford to lose that $1000 without significant hardship to you or any dependents, then yes, I think you're doing the right thing.
@_date: 2017-10-25 15:13:14
I spent just a bit under 60BTC on LSD once... I don't regret it for a minute though ;)
@_date: 2017-10-29 08:55:23
I use it, and I'm actually pretty annoyed about this potential issue - especially since several of the places I use it have bitpay as their payment processor.  If 2x doesn't just die immediately as I hope it does, there's a chance that many of the places I currently spend BTC won't accept my payments anymore.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:11:44
Even without the fact that it would be essentially unenforceable and pointless, I can't imagine the US government wanting to do so.  There are too many 'big names' in the game now for it to be a politically wise decision.  Bitcoin is well past the days of only being of interest to and used by 'the little guy'.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:17:19
Even if so, I'd say he's right though.
That image has been posted here at almost every major "crash" in bitcoin's history.
Take a look at [the last two years](  Each of those little downwards movements had a certain percentage of people running around screaming that this is the end and posting that same image, calling the rest of us crazy for just calmly sitting through it.  I fail to see how this upcoming event will be any different.
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:08:30
Volatility is decreasing as adoption increases.
Remember that despite how it feels, we're still in the very early stages of adoption.  Once a significant percentage of the world population hold bitcoin (probably from around 1%, but definitely once it reaches something like 5%), the volatility will be similar to that of any mainstream currency.
@_date: 2018-03-16 20:15:41
The thing about on-chain fee spam is that the number of transactions doesn't matter, only the cost.  If there are a hundred million transactions all at 1sat/byte but nothing else, then paying 2sat/byte will get you in the next block.
This means that this kind of attack is expensive, and will only get more expensive as real usage increases.  The malicious actor in your scenario would have to be getting some benefit from the attack that's worth more than the amount he's spending (remember that every transaction he puts in CAN be processed and miners will happily collect his fees).
@_date: 2019-09-08 18:05:20
Indeed. I wouldn’t be surprised if the 4 blocks I mined back then are typically counted as a part of the “Satoshi million”.
@_date: 2017-10-23 12:38:26
Okay, fair point!
@_date: 2017-10-23 10:44:40
Yep... just look at cocaine: price plummeted to being totally worthless after it was made illegal. ^/s
@_date: 2018-02-18 19:37:28


Not really, no.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:11:34
That's not true at all.
Every dollar printed devalues every other dollar.  Print enough and they become literally worthless.
@_date: 2019-09-06 09:54:38


This is completely untrue.
Bitcoin can handle somewhere around 7 on-chain ledger entries per second.  The fact that they're called "transactions" is more or less a technical implementation note.  The reality is that each one can represent anywhere between 0 and millions of real-world transactions.
Bitcoin is not limited to 7 transactions per second at all. (and while we're at it, I'm pretty sure Visa can also do way more than 4000 per second if they need to)
@_date: 2019-09-01 15:38:31
Try reading "The Moral Landscape" by Sam Harris.  It gives a good overview of objective morality without the need for a deity.
Short version:
1. You accept that the *goal* of morality is subjective.  This is true whether there's a god demanding it or not, since it's either your subjectivity or the god's subjectivity, but either way it's subjective.
2. You simply define "morality" as a scale of influence wellbeing.  The "most moral" thing is "that which maximally increases wellbeing".  Really, this is how we all actually use it anyway, whether we expressly do so or not.
3. You can - at least in theory - objectively define which actions will maximally increase wellbeing.
4. Note that it is possible *to be wrong* about moral choices.  As in, you can think the most moral action is action A, but it turns out that action B would have increased wellbeing more.
5. This is very similar to healthcare/medicine.  "Health" is a subjective goal.  There isn't actually any objective reason to want to be healthy.  We can nevertheless make objective statements about health, such as "consuming cyanide is bad for your health" and "getting regular exercise is good for your health" (all other things being equal in each case).
So, even without a religion, you can absolutely have objective standards for morality.  It does take a subjective goal, but that's equally true for many other things that we don't have a problem describing as objective; so either you accept that morality is able to be objectively defined or you reject that anything can be.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:22:30
I'm using BitWallet.  I don't like the user experience a huge amount, but feature-wise it's relatively complete and - importantly - does segwit.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:32:41
If you think it's an investment (where the purpose is to increase your wealth) then yes, that's right.
You seem to be making the assumption that other people have the same intention and purpose.  That is definitely not the case.
@_date: 2018-02-18 20:09:28
Note to Paypal transactions are reversible, bitcoin transactions are not.  This means that if is dishonest, they can scam you by doing the paypal transaction, then after you send them the bitcoin, reversing/cancelling it.
It'd be a pretty dick move for only $20 and chances are you'd come back on here and let everyone know that he's not trustworthy, but in the end, you still got scammed and there's nothing you can do about it.
That said, in your shoes I'd probably just take the risk, because losing $20 wouldn't really mean all that much to me and on the balance of probabilities, probably won't scam you.  It's just important to be aware that it is a possibility inherent to using Paypal and other reversible payment methods.
@_date: 2019-09-06 09:44:11
Things as "interesting" (and influential) as Bitcoin come around maybe a few times per century at most.  If there is anything of this scale that's still in its infancy, then no, I don't know about it.
Really, early adopters of these kinds of things tend to stumble across them mostly by mistake.  I never would've thought that being a member of a cypherpunk discussion forum would get me involved in anything beyond better ways to maintain privacy.  Instead it got me involved in Bitcoin.
The next world-changing thing may be being discussed right now in a biomedical forum, or an AI forum, or a physics forum, or a Harry Potter fan club forum for all we know.  You could go out and hunt for it, but you'll come across a billion scams, ten billion well-intentioned but ultimately wrong ideas, and a hundred billion repeats of previous ideas that didn't work before and won't work now before you stumble across anything of real interest.
@_date: 2019-09-18 05:01:19
Anyone who thinks that there’s a shitcoin that has long term value doesn’t understand what Bitcoin is and where it gets its value. 
There are a few interesting technology experiments out there (amongst a sea of absolute crap) but none of them will ever be global money in the way Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:29:21
Admittedly, I don't know *that* many farmers, but of the ones I do:
Smaller farms (larger than "hobby", but under the size that you actually need staff): Around the equivalent of $100k USD per year after expenses.
Mid sized farms (a few employees): Around $150k after expenses.
Larger farms (significant full time staff, farmer is more "businessman" than on the land): $250k and up.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:24:00
You're not a hodler if you're not hodling anything other than a promise from them.  What happens if they're lying about the Bitcoin that they say is yours?  Or what if they get hacked?  Or go out of business?
"Not your keys, not your bitcoin".
@_date: 2017-10-12 10:03:48
The number of people who don't even know what it is shows quite clearly we're nowhere near "hype bubble" territory yet.
@_date: 2019-09-04 14:26:15
Because some of us can type faster than 2 words per minute?
Really.  You made a joke; I made a quick throwaway comment about the conflation of the term "believe in" (while it was meant seriously, I didn't actually put any real thought or time in to it); and you call it a "TED-talk" for some reason.
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:29:39


Why do you think bitcoin has only one supplier?


You can in fact right now buy 17500 units of bitcoin for only $1 USD.  Those units are the "satoshi".  I don't think there's any significant barrier of entry based on the price right now.
@_date: 2017-10-14 07:24:45
I'd say it's "mainstream" when any random person on the street in a major city within a developed country has heard of it.
We're now beyond the stage where almost no one has heard of it, but if you walk out to the middle of London, Berlin, New York, or Tokyo and ask random people on the street what they can tell you about Bitcoin, a not insignificant portion will tell you they've never even heard of it.  From those who have, the average level of understanding will be quite low.
Try it in cities like Nottingham, Mannheim, Toledo, or Maebashi (all cities of around 300k population) and the percentage who have heard of it or actually know something about it will be even lower.
@_date: 2017-10-23 12:41:24
It was the last time I did it ;)
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:31:48
I'd argue was to operate outside of their control, not outside their purview.  It's it's doing fine in that regard.
Can they play with the price?  Sure.  But that's because they're playing with money and cryptocurrency *is* money.
What they *can't* do is: print more of it; move your money without your permission; control who you send/receive from and how much; convincingly 'prove' they have more than they really do; or any of that other shady crap that they do with fiat.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:22:47
The coin becomes completely inaccessible.
Let's say there are at some point in time exactly 5 million coins that have been "lost" and all 21 million coins have been mined.  That means there are now 16 million coins in circulation and the price will be reflect this through pressure of availability, even though no individual actually knows that 5 million are lost (we can always guess at lost coins, but don't "know" for sure other than the few burn addresses that get used).
This may lead you to ask what happens when "too many" get lost.  This would actually sort itself out before it happened.  We'd see the price rise (due to the aforementioned pressure) to the point that a single satoshi were too valuable and needed to be subdivided.  We'd fork at that point to a new version of bitcoin with smaller (sub-satoshi) divisions.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:59:10
Honestly, I thought he had, but now that you asked and I'm looking through again, I don't see it.  So maybe I'm mistaken and the paper is indeed even more worthless than I'd thought.
Care to point out exactly where?
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:26:13
Is a penny on the ground really "free money" though?  The time and energy it takes to bend down and pick it up, then use it, may actually be more value to you than the penny itself provides.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:09:41
[I do pay my electricity bill in bitcoin](
However, mining here in Hannover, Germany would make no sense at all given the [electricity prices](
@_date: 2017-10-27 12:39:11
I'd say the understanding is there, but the *intuitive* understanding is often lacking.
For those of us who use metric for everything every day, there is no mental effort to translate between values.  We instinctively know that 1 kilogram == 1000 grams.  Or that one centimetre = 1cm/100.  We don't need to 'work it out' in our heads, it just *is so*.
I think that's why the metric people here are so against coming up with another name for a unit (such as 'bits') and prefer to stick with the prefixes.  We don't hesitate for a second to intuitively know the value relationship between a millibitcoin and a microbitcoin, whereas if it were mBTC and bit, we'd have to first become accustomed to those names before the relationship in our heads were automatic.
@_date: 2019-09-04 14:31:25
I wasn't implying you're a slow typer.  I was implying that the comment took close to zero time or effort to make.  It was a low effort reply that picked up on one stand-out point from your joke, not a "super long comment" and certainly not "analyzing every word" of your joke.
@_date: 2019-09-01 15:20:16


Not the guy you asked, but yes, I would.
However I also think that that's an impossibility.  Bitcoin's security is based on proving that work has been done.  "Work being done" is a fundamental concept within the laws of the universe.  It can also be expressed as a universal increase in entropy (often - but not always - to decrease local entropy).  I don't believe it's possible to have something equally as secure as a system that relies of fundamental universal laws to provide that security.  You can cheat other systems, you can't cheat the universe.
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:20:54
[Yes I can](
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:47:28
The majority are in a Ledger Nano S, with the seed backed up to two different physical locations and the Nano itself reinitialised with a different seed (so the only way to access those coins is to go retrieve the seed and re-enter it either in the Nano or elsewhere).
Then I have a smaller amount associated to the Nano's current seed as a "quick access emergency fund" should I need it, and an even smaller amount in Breadwallet on my iPhone (which is my active daily spending wallet, no different than cash).
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:37:18
You definitely can run a local block explorer pointed at your own node.
There are a few different projects on github, but I can't specifically recommend any in terms of quality or features since I haven't really looked through them.
@_date: 2019-09-18 05:31:33
I thought this was obvious to anyone who thought about it for more than a minute or two. 
As for the rest of the paper, it’s a very painful read and I already responded to the post about it yesterday. It makes assumptions that aren’t backed up by reality and is generally just poorly written making the reader have to work a lot harder than necessary to follow it (possibly deliberately, since that’s a reasonably effective trick for sneaking in unfounded assumptions).
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:06:15
I assume they're talking about people who get paid monthly at the end of the month.
Personally, I do get paid monthly, but it's on the 24th (or the previous workday if that falls on a weekend or public holiday) to ensure that any processing delays won't stop me having it by the 1st, which is when most of my recurring payments are set to go out.
@_date: 2019-09-13 06:07:16
Coinbase Pro is an exchange, not a wallet, so most of the answers you're getting here aren't valid.
If the address is correct, then Coinbase Pro absolutely did receive the Bitcoin you sent them.  What they *should* then do with it is credit your account in their database to say that they are holding that amount of BTC on your behalf and show it in the UI.  It sounds like this didn't happen, so you should contact their support, providing them with the transaction ID as well as some kind of evidence that that is indeed the address that they gave you to deposit BTC to (since they might otherwise come back to you and say that they simply don't recognise that address).
It's worth saying here again something that is very commonly repeated in the Bitcoin world: "Not your keys, not your bitcoin".  If you need the services that an exchange offers, then of course it's fine to use them, but with the understanding that the moment you send your bitcoin to an address that isn't under your control - i.e. an address where you don't hold the private keys - you have given that bitcoin to the person that does hold those keys.  In this case it's Coinbase Pro, who you probably trust to some extent, but you should never make the mistake of calling it "your bitcoin" at that moment.  It's their bitcoin and they owe you; exactly like having $100 in your bank account is really that the bank has that $100 and owe you.
@_date: 2019-09-10 06:59:39
Yeah, that happens.
I don't go there often, but when I do, I get in to some relatively long discussions in which I get massively downvoted and the occasional gold thrown my way.  I expect it.  I also don't expect to change the minds of any die-hard BCHers, but I mostly remain civil and explain things clearly and in depth so that if any newbies happen to stumble across it, they will hopefully see that one side of the debate gives clear and reasoned arguments, while the other side consists primarily of screeching trolls.
You can find examples in my post history - including yesterday - but that's not a great example since that argument wasn't really about BTC vs BCH.  Instead, yesterday's argument was about (Roger Ver) being a slimy, dishonest liar.  I even quite directly stated that I don't actually have a problem with bcash existing.  I believe they have the freedom to run whatever shitcoin software they want.  It'll ultimately die on its own because it doesn't have any reasonable way to incentivise miners as the block subsidy decreases over time, but I don't believe anyone has the right to tell them not to do so as long as it does still exist.  I don't even think Roger should be prevented from lying; he has the right to say whatever crazy crap he wants.  But equally, I have the right to point out to everyone just how much of a dishonest slimeball he is.  My main "problem" with bcash is simply people like Roger tricking people in to thinking it's Bitcoin and constantly spreading falsehoods about Bitcoin that people who only have a passing interest might actually believe instead of researching any further.
I'm not sure who is giving out all the gold there, but it is quite common.  I assume there are Bitcoin friendly people doing it in order to increase visibility of posts that might otherwise be ignored due to the massive downvoting that happens.  Of course, the conspiracy over there is that it's a massive paid campaign by Blockstream as funded by their billionaire overlord investors.  They really do go full-on tin foil hat at times.
@_date: 2018-02-09 04:42:00
This week no, but last week I got pizza for dinner (me, wife, 2 kids) from Lieferando.de. Priced in euro, but paid in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-07-10 07:14:42
You have to be careful with phrases like "best tech".  The word "best" is pretty subjective really because you then need to ask "*best for what?*".
I'd argue that from my perspective (and I believe many other people's as well), Bitcoin does have the "best tech", because every other coin that tries to solve perceived problems with Bitcoin actually ends up fundamentally breaking at least one of the core properties that makes Bitcoin valuable and interesting to me.
@_date: 2018-02-23 10:50:00
Bitcoin transactions propagate across the network in seconds.
You're probably thinking of confirmation times, which - due to the low value of fraud - aren't really important on low cost transactions.  Note that this is similar to credit cards, which also don't "confirm" (settle) for a long time after the initial payment is made.
Transactions with sufficient fees (which are currently very very low) are confirmed in one to two blocks (10 to 20 minutes average).  Once a transaction is confirmed, every block that builds on that is another confirmation, so even if the first confirmation takes an hour, it'll have 6 confirmations (considered "enough for no reasonable chance of ever being wiped out") in around two hours.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:43:00
Honestly, we don't really "learn" them rote like that.  They're just so frequently used as a part of normal language that it's like asking how you remember that "cat" is one particular animal and "dog" is a different one.
Millilitre, kilogram, centimetre, megabyte, and (regionally) decilitre are all words that kids will hear and get to know before they even realise the prefixes have meanings - and well before elementary (grade) school.  They also hear litre, gram, byte, and metre of course and then it doesn't take long to associate the prefixes with relative scales.  Micro, Nano, Giga, and so on are more likely to be learned later once the kids are in school, but since it's a natural extension of a concept that's been with us as long as we've been talking, it doesn't require any special mental gymnastics to add.
Sorry I couldn't be more helpful!
@_date: 2019-09-15 15:42:45
But my original reply was to an unsophisticated user. Yes, I can secure things better myself on a PC than on a phone but for a typical user this is absolutely not the case.
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:45:34
Liquid is an interesting technology and has some good - but very specific - use cases; however it is fundamentally a federated side-chain and should never be considered a chain for storing long term value itself.  It should only be used as a side-chain of Bitcoin associated with a real Bitcoin on-chain smart contract so that the value it represents is actually properly backed.
As for being "confidential", it's got some technology that makes it capable of being somewhat more confidential than Bitcoin's blockchain, but if you're dealing with things that were pegged from an on-chain Bitcoin smart contract, you're still only as confidential as that contract was.
Monero is definitely more confidential than both.  It does have some serious fundamental flaws though, such as losing confidentiality as it scales up and with the percentage of people choosing not to use (or simply failing to correctly use) its anonymity features properly.  It's an interesting technology from the point of view of seeing how it does things and figuring out what we might be able to build out of it, but it's incapable of ever being a global currency like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-08 07:25:11
I see that as a different kind of business model to the WU one; but absolutely it'd also make sense during the transition phase.
To me, the WU one is more for the underbanked and unbanked who currently use WU and similar quite heavily.
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:23:38




Can you explain what you mean by "fundamental value"?  To me, it sounds a lot like "intrinsic value", which I consider an oxymoron (value is something that people ascribe to things, and isn't intrinsic or "fundamental" in anything).
In your explanation, please also give examples of why something else (maybe a fiat currency if you believe that it has it) has fundamental value and Bitcoin doesn't.


We might, but they'd die off as well.  The properties of Bitcoin are what make it an all or nothing kind of thing.  Bitcoin is money rather than a commodity (like gold) precisely because it has no existence or meaning outside of monetary use.  Most fiat currencies are the same; I have no problem calling USD "money" since it is worthless as anything else.
Where Bitcoin differs to fiat is the fixed supply.  This means that it functions similarly to how gold functions when used as money, but without the shortcomings that gold has such as being a physical commodity with non-monetary value.


That assumption treats Bitcoin as a payment system, not as money.  While the two things are strongly linked together - payment systems require money and money is useless if it has zero payment systems - they're not the same.
Money is "the communication of value".  A currency is the medium by which value is communicated.  It's senseless to have more than one currency in the long term.  The reasons we do currently are many and varied, but it is inevitable that this will eventually be seen as a relic of the past.
@_date: 2018-07-20 12:31:18
I guess you weren't around in the 80s/90s when people were describing computer networks/the internet in the same kind of tone...
@_date: 2019-09-30 18:29:34
CPFP can also be done by the sender when there’s change. You spend the change with a higher fee and it’s functionally equivalent to the recipient doing the same.
@_date: 2019-09-04 13:22:22
Three things:
1. I think that number is too high.  It's probably quite a bit lower (although definitely could still be in the "quite concerning" range).
2. Having the pool doesn't mean having the mining hardware.  The default behaviour for mining hardware produced by Bitmain is to mine to their pool.  Many small miners don't change it because they simply don't care.  If there were an attack, they would care (since it effects them financially) and would shift their hash rate elsewhere.
3. The Stratum v2 protocol effectively defangs pools by allowing miners to create block templates (and therefore do transaction selection and so forth) instead of forcing miners to accept the templates from the pool.  It's not really out yet, but it's very close and it won't be long before it's a case of "the pool implements this, or gets left behind", so even though some pools won't *want* to give up the power, they'll have no choice.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:02:43
Selling "all" is foolish unless you somehow *know* (not *assume*) that the price is going to drop and not recover.
If bitcoin reaches $200k and still can't be used directly for goods and services, I'll likely sell a couple of coins for fiat in order to buy myself some nice toys and upgrade my lifestyle for a bit, but I expect to hold the vast majority of my coins until the point that "selling" them has no meaning since they're the standard currency that everyone accepts.
@_date: 2019-09-11 12:31:23
That was not an ad hominem argument at all.  I didn't attack the person I was replying to, nor even Ayn Rand.  I pointed out that Ayn Rand has qualities that make her less than ideal as the example to use as to why individualism and selfishness are "good" in this context.  Reading Ayn Rand without a critical eye will provide a warped understanding of why these things work (which doesn't mean they don't work; it's perfectly possible to be right about something for the wrong reasons).
@_date: 2019-09-02 18:37:37
They can only use it to “buy bitcoin” if someone is willing to sell Bitcoin for it. It’s worth whatever people think it’s worth. If that’s 1:1 with USD, fine. Ic not, also fine. It has no real bearing on Bitcoin’s value.
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:05:44
That's not necessarily true.  A few weeks ago, I spent about 2 hours talking to a banker about Bitcoin (privately; not professionally).  The "why" of it all clicked for him and he was excited to get started and get himself some Bitcoin.  Thankfully, he didn't go to that scam site, but if he had, he would've been the exact kind of person who would've bought the wrong thing by mistake.
@_date: 2019-09-02 11:07:02
Was attempting to make a joke.
Yep, we both suck at it apparently.
@_date: 2019-09-05 14:56:22
KYC for any reasonable amount and exchange rates/fees that - while better than many ATMs - aren't anything to write home about.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:09:16
I find it interesting that your "honest doubt" comes at a time when it seems that many people are trying to raise the exact same concern (I'm also seeing an uptick on both LinkedIn and twitter about how "great" XRP is compared to Bitcoin).
I'm not saying it's deliberate on your part; it could be that you've simply been taken in by a bunch of concern trolls who are deliberately trying to raise this concern yet again.
I recommend that when these kinds of questions come in to your mind, ask yourself if it's likely other people have already considered and discussed this.  If so, take a look around for previous discussions on the topic and read through those to see if your questions are answered.  If not, then when you start another discussion about it, you'll at least have a chance of asking questions that are worth discussing.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:34:16
I use it, therefore it is not useless.


No it isn't.  Bitcoin's currently primary implementation is on the internet, but that's because that's the logical place to implement it.  Bitcoin itself requires only that mathematics continues to function and that we have a way to communicate with each other.


Not in the slightest.  I can transact Bitcoin using nothing but pen and paper if I really want.


No it doesn't. If you choose to give away your private information to others that is then associated with a transaction that then only has follow-on transactions that have no obfuscation, yes, you're trackable - and it's your own fault.


If that were true, governments would be a lot more interested in it than they are.


I don't care. The "market" is irrelevant to my use case of it.
@_date: 2019-09-29 17:50:10
You're viewing Bitcoin as an investment instrument, not as a fundamentally different kind of money.
If it is never anything other than an investment in the eyes of the majority of the world, then in my opinion, it's failed, regardless of the USD value.
The only "success" outcome for Bitcoin is for it to be the global basic reserve currency (and potentially after some time, the only currency).  At that point, talking about how much it's worth in USD is a meaningless exercise.  However, its purchasing power would put it in the equivalent of 7 figures of today's USD per BTC.
@_date: 2019-09-10 07:23:06


This is an often repeated thing by people who completely fail to understand what an "observer" is in quantum systems.  It has *nothing* to do with conscious minds.
An observer is simply something that interacts with a system.  Think of it this way: you can't actually "look" at something unless there are photons bouncing off it and entering your eyes.  Photons bouncing off something is interacting with it.
Even when we don't use photons, we have *no way* to measure something without interacting with it.  The "observer effect" is simply referring to this fact.  Interacting with quantum systems collapses their state.  They're only indeterminate when not interacted with.
@_date: 2019-09-11 17:49:44
That doesn't change anything about my statement.
You (BitPay):
* Force the use of BIP70 which is not widely supported, especially by wallets that encourage privacy, thereby reducing users privacy.
* Force high fees unnecessarily (and can do so because of BIP70).
* Have poor exchange rates, causing both users and merchants to lose out in the process.
* Charge *additional* fees to users to forward the payment on to the merchant.
* Promote a hostile fork coin without informing users of the risks associated with it.
* Refuse to implement Lightning Network support.
In other words, you are *generally fucking evil*.
@_date: 2019-09-17 14:24:45
Blocks should in fact *always* be completely full (excluding empty blocks being found by miners "just after" a previous block; or as part of a selfish-mining advantage attempt; etc), otherwise something is going wrong.
The blockchain is an immutable permanent ledger of "whatever you want".  For an example, take a look at the OP\_RETURN data of [this transaction](  If blocks are not full, it means that either no one - anywhere in the world - has any interest in storing data permanently right now (which seems pretty far fetched), or they don't believe the blockchain really is "forever".
The *value* of a Bitcoin transaction (regardless of the *amounts* in the inputs and outputs) is therefore set to a minimum that is equal to what people are willing to value permanent data storage at.  A 200 byte transaction will always cost at least what people are willing to pay to store 200 bytes of data for all-time.
If on-chain transactions remain very cheap (i.e. 1sat/byte transactions clear within a few hours like they have pretty consistently all year so far), people will do on-chain transactions.  If they become expensive, people will be pressured towards off-chain transactions.  This will always remain in balance such that if the move to off-chain reduces fees too much, people will choose to make on-chain transactions as well since they're "cheap enough" at that point.
I agree that in the mid to long term, pretty much all on-chain transactions will be management transactions of off-chain systems (e.g. LN channel operations), but that's actually not even important anymore when you realise how the fee market works in relation to on-chain value transfer, off-chain value transfer, and "store whatever you want forever" actions happening within it.
@_date: 2019-09-09 08:27:43


It took me a while to realise you mean anti-aircraft batteries and not [these things](
@_date: 2019-09-15 14:36:21
You're probably fine.  If you really want to know, search in your local language for the relevant keywords like "identity verification private cryptocurrency use" or similar.
Honestly, if I were you I'd just not worry about it.  I use Bitcoin daily (I hold zero fiat money) and never once has anyone asked for my ID to do business with them nor have I asked for theirs.  If someone I made a BTC transfer to has spent it on something illegal, that's none of my business and nothing to do with me.
@_date: 2019-09-19 03:38:16


Businesses that I know that have implemented it did so for "token Bitcoin support" and not because they actually give a shit one way or the other.  It's more important to them to say they support Bitcoin than to actually support it.
They then go and use the low rates of usage to "prove" that Bitcoin isn't interesting/necessary from a business perspective.
Even beyond that, many of the problems that are BitPay specific end up getting blamed on Bitcoin such as "complicated to use", "high fees", and so on.
If you want a **real** opinion, ask a business that's used both BitPay as well as something else.  You'll find they are nearly unanimously against BitPay.
@_date: 2019-09-04 13:06:14


I'm not sure how that could be the case, since they started the sentences with "Nobody knows if &lt;x&gt; ever really existed", which would imply the first meaning, but the second half of the sentence does lean towards the second.  That's why I said they're conflating the meanings.


I don't really weigh in much one way or the other on it personally because I haven't done that much research on it; but it is *definitely* very disputed since there is very little evidence outside of the Bible itself that really backs anything up about the character.  The closest - as far as I'm aware - are some texts that report on people reporting about Jesus, which is very different than reporting on the character directly (similarly, there are not a lot of reports of Harry Potter outside of the books about him; and despite there being a lot of texts and other evidence reporting about people talking about Harry Potter and/or the books, none of it is relevant for proving that Harry Potter is actually real).
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:44:44
Check out the "Honest Government Ads" from [these guys](  It's of course satire, but - like all good satire - it's covering real things and isn't making shit up.  It gives a good overview of just how fucked up Australia really is.
@_date: 2018-07-26 09:33:38
You know it’s possible to agree with people on some things and disagree on others?
I think Trump is a moron (but probably not evil); gun control is necessary but complicated; and Russia’s current activities aren’t as big a deal to the world as many people seem to think (but we should always pay attention to all major world players who have the potential to make life bad for a very large number if people). 
However none of these opinions change my opinion of Nick Szabo with relation to Bitcoin.
This is exactly the same as the fact that I am ardently anti-theist, but don’t automatically dismiss Luke Dashjr just because he’s religious. Sometimes I agree with his thoughts on Bitcoin and sometimes I disagree. My mind is decided by an evaluation of the relevant points in the topic being discussed, not by unrelated opinions that the other person happens to hold. 
@_date: 2019-09-10 12:34:25
My opinion is that whether you’re right or wrong, this is a worthless guess and contributes nothing of value to the subreddit.
@_date: 2018-07-02 05:01:28
You can't lose what you don't have...
That any individual entity (company / person / government / mining pool) actually has the ability to do a 51&amp; attack is speculation at best made up by adding pool figures together.  This has the potential to be wrong on so many levels:
* Pool data is a guess based on publicly posted data.  This is voluntary and can lie.
* Just because someone is mining a pool, it doesn't mean the owner of that pool has control over that miner.
* Just because some pools are geographically similar, it doesn't mean they are controlled by the same entity.
@_date: 2019-09-04 12:48:47


And what is its carbon footprint?  Do you even know?
How large is it compared to alternative forms of money?
How is it going to change over time?


Well that's good to hear, because it most definitely is climate-friendly.
Honestly, I think it'd be a viable form of money even if it were horribly bad for the climate, but since it isn't, that's one less thing to be concerned about.


Two points:
One: Value volatility is not an inherent property of Bitcoin.  It is an inherent property of very small commodity markets.  The more it grows, the less volatile it will be.
Note that "growth" doesn't require "use as currency", so it's not a circular problem.  Growth can come from people using it as a long term investment, decreasing volatility, increasing value, and increasing its suitability as a unit of account.
Two: I use it as an everyday currency right now (I don't hold fiat and haven't for quite some time now) and don't find the volatility particularly problematic.  Volatility is more noticeable over longer timeframes.  The difference in value between the time I earn it and the time I spend it is usually quite low.  Sometimes it does indeed drop quite a few percent, but at other times it rises quite a few percent, so it's not really all that significant.  The long term trend is up, so the overall "happy surprises" are more common and greater in value than the "unhappy surprises".
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:17:47
No; if you use one or more UTXOs totalling that amount, you get the same result.  Subtle but important difference.
@_date: 2019-09-15 14:30:15
That depends on where you live.  If the answer where you live is "yes", I suggest you move somewhere else, because you're either in a draconian police state or rapidly headed in that direction.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:37:48
Most people will give you a flat out "no".
My answer is just slightly different at "probably no".  It depends a lot on how well you'd survive in the case of catastrophic loss.
Personally, I don't hold any fiat (or shitcoins).  However, I have a good job; live somewhere where there's strong social systems in place for supporting people without them going homeless; have a good support network of family and friends; and have other kinds of investments (including real estate) that I could sell if absolutely necessary.
If somehow I lost all my BTC or (even less likely) BTC became worthless, I wouldn't be happy about it, but I'd survive just fine and things would be generally okay for me.
@_date: 2019-09-16 09:42:05
Agreed, but I see that as a short term (maybe a few generations) solution at best. There’s no need for cross asset payments in the long term because there’s no need for competing systems of money. 
If you rebuild Stellar as a layer for cross asset payments on top of Bitcoin, you have no need for the spam protection token.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:24:52
Then you still don't understand it.  There is no "contract that everyone agrees to follow".  That's the beauty of the anarchic nature of Bitcoin.  I have a node and it runs the rules I want it to run.  I have **no** ability to force anyone else to follow my rules and they have **no** ability to force me to follow theirs.
We develop a social agreement by natural consensus because money is a social tool.  We use it to communicate value.  If there are no other people (no social structure) then money also doesn't exist.  In Bitcoin, if anyone's rules differ too greatly from everyone else's, their transactions won't be broadcast across the network and the use of it as money gets broken.  This however isn't pre-planned or even necessarily discussed.
It often is discussed, but even if an agreement is reached, I am under no obligation to follow that.  My node does what I want it to do.  No one has the ability to "kick me out" or "punish me".  All they can do is decide what rules they enforce on their node.  I am *socially* punished if my rules differ from everyone else's so much that my transactions don't get broadcast across the network, but that isn't a decision to punish, simply the natural outcome of a social grouping of sovereign and free individuals.
This is *vastly* different to the way that democracies (even representative democracies) work.
@_date: 2019-09-16 10:14:15
I have no idea why you think financial institutions want 100% finality... that don’t have that with fiat!
I get your point though, I just disagree about it being necessary in the long term. Money is simply the way we communicate value, so a good form of money should suffice for all forms of value without the need for different forms. 
I always like to use the internet protocol analogy. We don’t have different internet protocols for different data types. Even though streaming video and application download are fundamentally different things, we abstract them as layers of protocols on top of IP (either TCP or UDP for transport). The higher the layer, the more specialised to the task and the greater the number. In the analogy, Bitcoin is “IP”, Lightning Network is “TCP”. We haven’t built anything higher yet. But we can. Stellar’s technology should be repurposed to either be our “UDP” beside LN or a new layer up (like HTTP).
@_date: 2019-09-11 10:51:07
You seem to be equating prosocial behaviour (a well known term in psychology that doesn’t need quotes around it) with the use of force. 
I agree that the use of force to remove freedom from others is unacceptable but I don’t see how that invalidates anything I said. 
I also disagree that we are merely contractual animals. We don’t only make use of others in specific cases where we each identify goals that we achieve from the relationship. In many cases, the relationship is the goal in and of itself. This is quite definitional of a social animal (which isn’t the same as a hive animal; they function more as if the collective is an individual, which actually removes social behaviour rather than reinforcing it).
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:00:34
If you're careful, buying drugs on the darknet markets tends to be a lot safer than buying in person.  For pot it might be a bit different though purely because of size and smell compared to more discreet substances.  I wouldn't really know, I don't smoke pot (I stick to psychedelics, empathogens, and occasional stimulants).
I'm fortunate in that it was during those early Silk Road days when I saw the price increasing a lot (from sub-dollar to multi-dollar), I realised it might just make sense to hold on to some of this "strange virtual money" and started actually looking in to the technical details more.  Once I realised what it was and what that meant/implied, I never spent another satoshi without replacing it immediately (other than one time a few months back for an unexpected costly bill that I couldn't cover easily any other way).
@_date: 2019-09-06 13:22:06
Have an upvote. You earned it.
@_date: 2019-09-04 17:06:45
Agreed, but even beyond that, we know that we can buy last year’s mobile phone much cheaper and it’ll do everything we actually need. Nevertheless, vast numbers of us buy the latest gadgets anyway. Consumerism isn’t going to suddenly stop with a little bit of deflation. It’ll just go down to more sensible levels instead of the insanity it’s become.
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:55:15
You're doing it wrong.  If you're going to play the trading game, you should've sold your 1 BTC for $10k, then bought &gt;1 BTC for $10k.  Take profits in Bitcoin, not in dollars!
@_date: 2019-09-11 06:33:04


Out of interest, why?
Back when he was active, no one really seemed to doubt the idea that he was a single person.  I talked to him a bit via email - which didn't seem like anything special at the time - and I never got the impression that he was anything other than just another guy on the internet who seemed to have a cool idea that might go somewhere.
The "legend" of Satoshi has grown much much larger than the person himself.
I won't rule out that it could be a grand plan from a group of people, but I really think he was just a very clever person who happened to have a brilliant idea at the exact right time.
It's also worth noting that he took a bunch of disparate ideas from different people and recombined them in a clever way, adding his own knowledge, ideas, and principles on top.  He didn't invent all of the concepts from scratch.  Nor was he a particularly great coder (from the perspective of style, maintainability, and testing).  Not terrible, but I've met much better.
I remember when the first discussions of him maybe being a group of people started to appear.  At the time, it was more or less just a throwaway "it could be a he, a she, or even multiple people!", but it seems to have developed in to a strong prevailing theory, and I still have yet to see anything even slightly convincing that would make me think it is even worth considering, let alone be likely.
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:28:16


No you're not.


That is not what I was talking about at all.  That is certainly one aspect of decentralisation, but I was talking about the governance; you just refuse to accept it.


Yes, that accurately describes Bitcoin, whether you choose to accept it or not.


This does not describe Bitcoin.


It's cool if you act like a reject from but since you and I have had this exact discussion before and I'm not going to play your bullshit game anymore, you shouldn't expect any further replies from me (and I've now tagged you to avoid the same mistake in the future).
@_date: 2019-09-06 12:50:45
Obviously it depends on where in the world you live as to whether this is a safe option or not.
Right now, where I live, I trust the police more than I trust a random stranger with whom I'm doing a face to face trade of cash for bitcoin.  It's not illegal and the police would be happy to facilitate this without too much of a problem.
@_date: 2019-09-17 14:08:55


Can you quantify that?
Not all that long ago, I sent a transaction of around 11.6 BTC with a fee of around 270 satoshi.  Put in to dollar terms, that's a transaction of $118k for about 3 cents.
I also sometimes make smaller transactions in bitcoin of course.  Some of those pay a similar fee of between 150 and 300 satoshi, but for many of them I now pay either no fee at all or single digits of satoshis at most since the transactions are off-chain as a part of the Lightning Network.  These transactions get the added bonus of being invisible to everyone else as they're not recorded (or even able to be recorded) by anyone other than myself and the people I'm transacting with.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:03:47
There are a number of different features in privacy oriented wallets that make blockchain analysis significantly more difficult.  This can range from things like coinjoin functions whereby transactions are aggregated as large multisig transactions with many inputs and outputs (hiding who is paying who) through to simpler things like ensuring that the input selection related to the outputs doesn't give away what was the "payment" and what was the "change".
Some wallets are built with privacy as a focus and implement a large number of these features.  Other wallets implement only some of them.
@_date: 2019-09-02 08:30:39
Why do you think this is relevant/interesting in any way?
(You did say “AMA”)
@_date: 2019-09-01 08:41:43
It's going well, but there are definitely still teething pains to be worked out.
From the User Experience perspective: Right now, it's pretty easy to download and start using a Lightning wallet, but some knowledge of how it works "under the hood" is still required to make the most of it and not end up frustrated by doing something wrong and then failing to be able to make and/or receive payments.  This is definitely a barrier to more widespread adoption, but is also well known and there are active efforts to make it more seamless and straightforward for the user.
From the technical perspective: There are a few technology improvements that are in the works that will greatly improve things like your ability to keep channels open for a long time, avoiding additional on-chain fees; how much you can send in a Lightning Network transaction without encountering route-path difficulties; and more.  I personally don't think the efforts around UX are going to be helpful for mass adoption until some of these technologies are ready, since finding that you can't make a larger payment despite having enough money, or seeing your money disappear in "channel management fees" are both barriers to adoption no matter how easy and straightforward it is to use.
The very good news is, there is nothing that appears to be a showstopper problem for Lightning.  The concept works and many developers from many different companies, organisations, and individuals with passion-projects are actively working on the improvements that will allow for mass adoption to go more smoothly.
@_date: 2019-09-14 18:54:45
No, but I travel a lot.
I'm "from" a lot of different places, but currently live in Germany.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:30:24
I sold my soul for $10 to my brother when I was 9.
Or at least, I sold him a signed piece of paper that said he owned my soul.  Pretty happy with the deal still.  BTC would've been better, but it didn't exist at the time.
@_date: 2018-07-29 06:42:25
Just bought it from their webstore.
For reference of anyone else interested, they have both BitPay and Coinbase Commerce integrations for payment at checkout.  Since I'm boycotting BitPay due to malicious practices around unnecessary fees and more, I was glad to see an alternative (I prefer when merchants handle their own bitcoin reception instead of course; but I fully understand the business reasons they may initially prefer to use a payment gateway).
@_date: 2018-07-26 13:16:25
I’ve heard a term used in German that would roughly translate to “federal toilet paper tokens”, but it doesn’t really have the same ring to it in English. 
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:46:39
I did as well (although it was 2010, not 2009).  However I don't think about it all that much.  Sure, I deleted the private keys to 200 BTC, but it's also true that I could have been fantastically wealthy a million or so other ways that were only clear after the fact.  For example: a friend and I invented the concept of e-Readers about a year or two before they hit the market.  We just didn't do anything with it.  That's life.  What matters is not doing the wrong things once you really do know better.
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:38:35
Okay, now you're just veering way off in to la-la-land.  You're assuming possibilities without evidence.  You're also demonstrating a gross lack of understanding of how Bitcoin and quantum computing work.
It's about as useful as saying, "*ah, but you're forgetting about the alien invasion happening next year where they enslave us all so we can't run our nodes anymore!*".
I'm not continuing this conversation.
@_date: 2018-07-30 11:14:45
Your rational side is being irrational. The rational position is to say, “I don’t know because there isn’t sufficient information to predict this with any reasonable level of certainty”.
@_date: 2019-09-14 18:30:01
[We should hang out](
@_date: 2019-09-06 07:39:10
In person?
1. I'd arrange to meet the person in a secure place such as a police station's front office.
2. I'd have the cash in large bills, making it easier to count/check.
3. I'd print a QR code of the receiving address on my hardware wallet, then double-check this with a QR code reading app unrelated to Bitcoin (e.g. the built in camera app on iPhone).
4. I'd show up 15 minutes early with the exact right amount of cash and explain to the duty officer what's going on.  If they're willing to hold the cash for us as escrow agent, great; if not, that's also fine.
5. I'd wait for the person to show up, show them the cash and give them the printed QR code.  I'd explicitly state that I don't have the private keys for this wallet on my phone.
6. After they send the BTC to the address, we can chat and make small-talk for 3 confirmations (checking the block explorer from my private node at home; if you don't have one, a public block explorer hosted in another country is probably pretty safe).
7. After 3 confirmations, they can take the cash and go.
Not in person:
1. I wouldn't.  They won't be willing to send the Bitcoin first, and I'm not willing to send the cash first.  There are no good escrow services for handling this that I'm aware of that don't take a large percentage based fee, making it very unattractive for large amounts.
Thinking about it, this is the kind of business that Western Union and so on should probably expand in to; I think they could do so quite easily and it'd be good business for the next few years at least while fiat is still "king".
@_date: 2019-09-06 09:31:25
[This group]( seems to be quite active with 117 members and an active discussion forum.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:14:21


Feel free to take a look at my previous reply [here](


No it isn't.  It is accepted as establishing that PoS provides the same level of security in ensuring consensus (which I do agree that you have proved wrong; good work) but that's a very different thing to establishing that the overall security is equivalent.
You're making the mistake of equating one aspect of the security of the system (security of ensuring consensus) with the security of the system as a whole.  Sorry to be harsh, but this is either dishonest or stupid.


It already has...
@_date: 2019-09-18 18:12:43
The miners don't decide that, the nodes do.
My node will never accept a change to the supply because as far as I'm concerned that's not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:58:21
Where does that quoted text come from?  I can't find it (or even part of it) in any discussion or proposal.
I just can't imagine them ever doing such a thing.  They can be stupid, but not *that* stupid.
1. It would be a record keeping nightmare than even German bureaucrats would find difficult to manage.
2. It would create a huge backlash from the public in terms of liberties that many Europeans hold dear.
3. People could easily circumvent it by using software wallets created outside the EU.
4. People could easily circumvent it by using existing wallets that aren't "compliant".
@_date: 2019-09-10 14:14:29


There is: time and signal-to-noise ratio.  The more posts there are about things that don't need to be there, the harder it is to see the new/interesting things.
Take the extreme case as analogy: if reddit got rid of all subreddits and everything was like dealing with the whole time, how much interesting content would you miss?


That depends on the meetup.  I used to attend a rather niche developer meetup a few years back and it was expected that anyone attending already knew quite a bit about the technology.  We weren't there to handhold newbies because we wanted to spend our time actually discussing the technology, not giving free lessons.
exists for a reason.


And if they did that and found nothing, I'm more willing to help them.  If you look through my post history, you'll see I spend a lot of time helping people and explaining things.  I'm willing to put in that effort for people who are willing to put in their own effort to learn.
@_date: 2019-09-02 18:15:27
My salary is paid in Bitcoin and yes, I do. 
Why ask it as a hypothetical?
@_date: 2019-09-15 14:54:23
Where do you get that estimate?
Mine is based on something I recall reading about the relatively low uses of gold in industry despite the fact that industry dwarfs its use in jewellery/decoration; but I'm certainly willing to update my thoughts in light of better evidence.
@_date: 2019-09-10 06:44:24
As far as I can tell, the downside is that it relies on the hardware not breaking.
They say you need 3 of the 4 factors to recover (using Shamir Secret Sharing).  The factors are:
1. The device
2. A PIN code
3. Your fingerprint
4. The "Carbon Key" (another piece of hardware)
Because the device itself is one of the factors, this means that loss of the device and the carbon key simultaneously would render your stored funds inaccessible.  They will sell you additional carbon keys (and offer a service to store them for you) to reduce this risk, but the cost is obviously much higher.
Additionally, fingerprints are very insecure authentication methods and so for any sophisticated attacker, this security is realistically reduced to 2 to 3 since the fingerprint is almost a freebie.
With a seed phrase, you can duplicate it and store it in many places in many forms.  It doesn't have to be paper and it doesn't have to be cleartext.  It can even be stored entirely in your head (not recommended for long term storage; but may be helpful - for example - for carrying funds out of a country that doesn't want you to do so).  Shamir secret sharing can also be used for x-of-y access to a simpler "seed phrase" based system.
I actually think this Keevo device looks quite nice and I can imagine it being good for some customer types, but I personally wouldn't use it nor suggest it to people I know personally since I can probably help them craft something both cheaper and more secure that is more suited to their individual knowledge level, personal situation, and needs.
@_date: 2019-09-17 13:10:25


Why do you think that?
I agree that a lot of people that are only speculating short term may jump out because they view all speculative investments in the same light, but I think you're underestimating just [how many]( people are holding long term rather than speculating and [how much influence]( the upcoming halving event will have.


This is essentially impossible.
At a price of $300 USD and a supply of 6.25BTC every 10 minutes, that requires only $270000 per day coming in to keep it stable.  I get paid in Bitcoin.  Calculated out to a daily value then converted to USD, my salary alone is \~$365.  That means, just to keep the price *stable* at $300USD/BTC, it only takes about 740 people in a similar situation to myself.  In the entire world.
Even if we say that most people only put 1/100th the buy pressure on Bitcoin as myself ($3.65 per day), we still only need 74000 of them.  This sub has a million subscribers.  Coinbase claims to have over 30 million user accounts.
The [site with the chart]( that I linked above indicates that over half of all bitcoin in existence hasn't been touched for over 12 months, with somewhere around a quarter of it not having been touched for 3 years.  Assuming not all of those are lost coins, that's a significant amount of people with a firm belief in bitcoin's long term prospects.  Those people would only be incentivised to acquire much more if the value drops to anywhere near $300 USD.
Even with the vast majority of Coinbase user accounts being unused, the vast majority of the subscribers to this sub being fake/duplicates/whatever, and so on, these numbers simply don't allow a realistic scenario where there's a value that low for any sustained period of time.
@_date: 2019-09-24 07:39:20
Umm... you're aware Blue Wallet is only *optionally* custodial for Lightning right?  You can point it at your own lnd instance to have it completely under your own control.
In this instance, it's more like email than WhatsApp.  You can run your own email server (but don't have to and most people don't) just as you can run your own Lightning Node (but don't have to and many people probably won't).
@_date: 2019-09-10 07:18:44
Yep, welcome to the club.  It's great isn't it :)
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:52:17
BitPay criticised by *almost everyone* for being *generally fucking evil*.
@_date: 2019-09-05 15:05:11
I hope you're aware that isn't a single individual with a single opinion on things.
If you see the same person holding two different views, feel free to point it out to them.  Don't assume however that this sub is a hive-mind.
@_date: 2018-07-20 12:49:15
Every month at the end of the month I get paid in euro.  Some of this is earmarked for automatic payments (rent, some bills, etc).  The rest is exchanged to BTC, which I then use for all general purchases and expenses throughout the month.
Most months, I manage to save a bit so I end the month with a little more BTC than I started with.  The last couple of months not so much though since I just changed job and city, so I had to part with quite a lot (&gt;2 BTC) for moving expenses, new furniture in our now bigger house, and so on.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:27:23


That's a big assumption there.  I hold zero fiat.  All of my liquid wealth is in Bitcoin (I also have some non-liquid wealth such as real-estate).
@_date: 2019-09-01 18:25:33
You're only rich if you *can* spend it.  If they can't spend it, they're not the richest.  If they do spend it, they cease being the richest quite quickly.
In a fixed-supply economic system like Bitcoin, those who actually provide goods and services in exchange for money end up getting the money.  Those who do nothing and try to just live off their money slowly but surely end up spending it all.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:03:40
Ouch, I didn't even notice that.  I don't generally look too closely when paying with bitcoin since I mainly use it directly as a way to show "the world" (and specifically vendors that take it) that bitcoin is viable/useful.  I could just as easily use euro (especially since immediately after this transaction, I bought €50 worth of bitcoin to "top up again" as I always do when I spend it).
Checking back now, the amount on the bill for the food plus delivery was €30.50 (I highly recommend Wienerwald for good chicken at good prices; me, my wife and our 2 kids will be well fed from that).  I paid 8.909mBTC, which is about €33.00, so in total I paid a bit under 10% over the price on the bill.  Not terrible, but definitely not ideal.
@_date: 2019-09-15 14:23:21
That was a painful read.
I could be misunderstanding quite a lot since I have a cold right now and my head isn't quite right... but:
**1. Consensus:**
I get the feeling the authors are looking at proof-of-work as only a consensus mechanism and not a security mechanism.  They seem to keep conflating the two as if they're one thing and not being entirely clear on what consensus they're talking about.
Bitcoin really has two different types of consensus: The consensus as to what the current blockchain looks like; and the consensus about what rules are valid.
The first one is generally termed "Nakamoto consensus" and is primarily the job of the miners as long as the second kind of consensus isn't called in to question. It deals with which blocks are actually a part of the chain or not (most work = valid; so disagreements further back are essentially impossible). It's only a very loose kind of consensus since it doesn't actually require *agreeing* with anyone and happens naturally out of building a new block on top of a previous one, showing acceptance that it's valid.
The second one is the network rules.  Every full node can decide what rules it does and doesn't follow and has no ability to force those rules on anyone else.  This means that if I broadcast a transaction, I want to do so according to rules that I choose to follow, but can not expect my transaction to necessarily be spread around the network unless it follows rules that I think are probably accepted by everyone.  This is a kind of social anarchism, whereby consensus on common rules are established up to (and never beyond) the limit of acceptable sacrifice of all participants.
To me, this second one doesn't get nearly enough focus in any discussion about Bitcoin and is far more influential to the network than most people realise.
These two kinds of consensus get muddled together in many other chains.  The worst offenders are those that try to implement democracy on top of a blockchain such as in delegated proof of stake systems like EOS.  It's democracy in the "two wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner" sense of the term.
It seems to me that this paper introduces a similar confusion between the two types of consensus and ignores the manner in which it provides security in the same way that proof of stake ignores it.
**2. Monetary concepts:**
I feel like the paper totally fails to understand monetary concepts.  It essentially argues that you can't replace one money with another and you have to build over it.  This can be seen by countless examples in history to be complete rubbish.
It then continues this argument along the lines of saying that if you don't "inherit the existing money" in the new system, it will not be accepted.  Again, history begs to differ.
**3. Implementation:**
They offer the example of tying this system to the dollar to have a "meta dollar" token.  Under this system, the dollars or tokens can be transferred separately or together.  They then talk in a handwavey kind of way about how this works but don't actually go in to detail on what it actually means from a value perspective.
In this example, they then - quite rightly - point out that there are other fiat currencies in the world.  To solve this problem, they suggest *tying every other currency to the US dollar* by snapshotting their exchange value and assigning tokens according to that snapshot.
They don't discuss (unless my eyes glazed over and I missed it) how to deal with monetary printing (assign new tokens or not?  If so, how is that like digital gold as they discuss? if not, you now have dollars "with tokens" and dollars "without tokens", which are different).
Nor do they discuss who proves you have the money to begin with.  If I have a million dollars in cash and I want my million tokens, do I have to go show someone I've got this money?  Doesn't this seem like a bit of a risk (and a centralisation problem)?
Then lastly, they go in to how to ensure that the ideal token ledger continues to match reality.  I don't see that they actually solve this at all.  They try to do some weird stuff with pre-assigning privileged organisations in the genesis block but at that point I pretty much gave up.  At that point, it's not a decentralised, open, public, borderless ledger; it's a weird token thrown on top of fiat with all of the disadvantages of fiat and a world of additional complexity.
@_date: 2019-09-17 14:34:55
BlueWallet are adding batching in an upcoming release apparently, but it's not there yet.
@_date: 2019-09-08 07:49:25
Yeah.  To be clear, I'm not in favour of them at all.  I'd far prefer proper decentralised approaches where everyone globally has complete access to Bitcoin under their own control and never *need* a middle-man (but I don't see problems with *optional* middle-men providing useful services for a fee).
However, I also recognise that there is going to be a period of time - maybe even as long as a generation or so - where there's a cross-over period from the old way of things to the new.
For that time, businesses like WU will either adapt to fit, or disappear as they're replaced by others that do.
@_date: 2019-09-06 09:45:04
I think about it often!
@_date: 2019-09-29 06:52:57
Bitcoin’s replacement is Bitcoin. That’s the nice thing about protocols that can be constantly improved.
@_date: 2019-09-05 15:01:28
Also known as 100EH/s or 0.1ZH/s.
It's also crazy that we actually have a real use for the word "zettahash" (even if we are only at 1/10th of one).
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:17:52
The median fee tells you "what people have chosen to pay" and not "what is required to make it in a block".  Generally, this is caused by really bad fee estimators, but regardless of the cause, it's a meaningless number to describe the network fee requirements.
@_date: 2019-09-11 06:58:45
Then they were clever.
But unlike the fiat system, Bitcoin doesn't provide monetary control capabilities to those who happen to have a lot of it.  Whether you have enough to buy a small country or barely enough to buy a McDonald's Happy Meal, you're still just one node (or potentially zero) of many.
With fiat money, creating new money costs nothing and those who are closer to the supply of new money have economic advantages over those further away.  Those with large amounts of money can move themselves closer to the supply (for example, by establishing themselves as fractional reserve lenders).
With Bitcoin, supply is algorithmically defined and only provided to those who put in work securing the network through hash rate.  Since it's algorithmically defined and known by all, new supply doesn't provide cheaper money, it simply pays for the service.  No matter how much money you have, you can't use it unfairly benefit yourself economically.
Those who provide no useful services (most parts of government) will definitionally spend more than they earn.  In a fiat system, this can continue indefinitely because of the debt based nature of the system.  With a fixed supply as in Bitcoin, it's not impossible to have debts, but it becomes much easier to understand whether someone is ever going to be able to pay a debt back.
With a fixed supply, those who spend more than they earn will decrease their wealth over time, while those who earn more than they spend will increase their wealth over time.  While this sounds like it *should* be true with fiat as well, it isn't.  If I earned a million dollars over the last ten years and spent $900k over that same timeframe, you could trivially say that I'm "up" $100k. But in reality, it depends on *when* I earned and spent to have any idea of what that $100k actually means.  If the majority of that spending happened earlier and the majority of the earning happened later, there's a high chance that the inflation over those ten years means that I extracted far less than present day $900k value out of it and earned far less than $1 million was worth ten years ago.  The $100k that I've saved doesn't go anywhere near as far as $100k did ten years ago and if I'm stupid enough to keep on holding it for the next ten years, will be worth even less.
@_date: 2019-09-22 13:54:19
I'm fine with the second half of the title, but this:


is what I was responding to.  It's not stupid and I do want to spend my coins (well, I'd prefer not to; but I also like having a roof over my head and food in my belly).
@_date: 2019-09-15 15:30:58
Theft of a mobile device usually doesn’t expose the keys to an unsophisticated thief. You’d have time to restore from backup and move the funds well before a sophisticated thief gained access. 
I strongly disagree on the attack surface. A typical PC is extremely multipurpose with a vast amount of different code that can be exploited. A typical mobile device is used for a much more limited array of tasks and applications are generally much more strictly sandboxed. 
Disclosure: I worked in IT security in the past, designed secure platforms more recently, and now work in the Bitcoin space directly.
@_date: 2019-09-25 12:45:50
Coke dealers were some of the first businessmen to be well known for accepting BTC!
But fair enough.  You have fun, and stay safe.
@_date: 2019-09-14 18:58:31
Will do!
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:24:01
If "your" coins are at Paxful, then you don't actually have any coins.  In reality, Paxful have some coins and you have a promise from them that you'll get them if you ask.  Whether they honour this promise or not is something you don't have much control over.
Get yourself a wallet, learn how to use it, and then get your coins on to it.  THEN you can say you have coins.
^((which type of wallet really depends on how risk averse you are to losing your funds as well as things like convenience factor))
@_date: 2018-02-02 11:41:56


This is completely untrue.  That would be an altcoin, not bitcoin.  Unless everyone agreed it was bitcoin, in which case it was the mass-agreement of everyone that changed it, not "the developers with a single line change".


It has to be *significantly* over 50%.  50% will not guarantee by any stretch you can hold the longest (and therefore valid) chain.  It just means you're now in the realms of actually trying.
And also, you say it like it's trivial to have 50% of the mining power... it *really* isn't.
@_date: 2019-09-15 04:56:02


Ummm... look at the author name and my username. That might explain why I have more than one copy. 


On loan to a friend I think.
@_date: 2017-10-14 09:15:05
There is some variance (although September is more common - Christmas seems to be a bigger thing for conception than Valentines Day), but it's really not all that significant.  For all reasonable intents and purposes, you can treat it as evenly distributed.
@_date: 2019-09-02 08:49:05
Ask yourself this: why do you want that feature?
Is it because you would rather hold bitcoin than fiat over the long term? You don’t want to miss out on the increases in value of the bitcoin you spent?
If so, there are two better alternatives:
1. Spend fiat preferentially to Bitcoin. 
2. Don’t hold any fiat at all. 
I personally do option 2, since holding fiat just for expenses seems like an opportunity cost risk if I guess incorrectly about how much I should hold. 
Bear in mind that holding unspent fiat that you *could* have exchanged for bitcoin is the exact same opportunity cost as spending bitcoin and not replacing it.
@_date: 2019-09-08 08:03:51
What do any of those problems have to do with Bitcoin?
You're having trouble *selling fiat* for Bitcoin.  To me, that sounds like a problem with the regulations controlling the fiat currency.  I can guarantee you that once you've actually got Bitcoin, there is no one on the planet that can stop you transacting it with whoever you want, whenever you want.
@_date: 2019-09-17 12:49:44
Absolutely.  I like my Ledger for the form factor and the user experience, but if they don't make a Bitcoin only version soon, it's the last product of theirs I'll ever buy.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:33:31
Sometimes I feel like I'm one of the few people who does *not* think that it was more than one person.
I honestly don't care all that much either way, but I really don't see any good evidence for the "multiple people" idea.  To me, he seemed like just some really clever guy who happened to have the right idea at the right time.  I kind of feel like if he is still alive (which he might not be), he's probably really surprised how well this whole thing has taken off.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:19:49
Most farmers I know:
1. Earn *way* more than that.
2. Consider the lifestyle to be more important than the money.
I think this advice is probably very specific to where in the world you happen to be a farmer.  Judging from the corn comment and the currency, I'm guessing you're somewhere in the US.  Sorry to hear it's not such a good income there.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:19:21
If you like it, then I suggest [HODL]( instead.  It's basically the same as BRD (uses the same breadwallet core code) but removes the shitcoin support, lets you set custom fees, uses segwit native directly, and has a generally cleaner UI.
@_date: 2019-09-12 09:16:18
It isn't; I was just pointing out that there are two "concerns" I see getting raised a *lot* right now.  One of them is "China can take over bitcoin!" and the other is "Bitcoin can't compete against XRP!".  That's why it was a small side note in parentheses and wasn't mentioned again in the rest of my comment.
@_date: 2019-09-06 07:25:03
Nope.  The TL;DR is "*I'm using a bunch of words incorrectly, trying to sound clever, and stringing a bunch of them together in a way that causes the reader to lose track of the sentence, but fundamentally making no sense at all and failing to understand even the basics of the topic I'm trying to discuss.*"
If you really want a concrete example:


Because of the cost involved.  Working on the chain that the other 'generals' (miners) have worked on and the network as a whole considers valid means that upon finding a block, you get a reward that will pay for the effort you put in.  If you work on your own chain, you get rewards that are worth *nothing at all* because either you don't have the chain with the greatest proof-of-work (and therefore don't have a valid chain) or are effectively the only miner on the whole network, meaning the network has extremely low security and therefore extremely low trustability.  That alternate-history version of Bitcoin is a valueless thing that no one is interested in.
The only reasonable approach for miners in the absence of external force is honest mining because it's the way that brings the most rewards.  With external force (e.g. governments), miners can be persuaded to act against honest mining, but that's why we have a large number of them instead of only a few, so that a single compromise isn't able to significantly influence anything.  (note that this is still a small concern with mining pools; but since Stratum v2 is on the way, this will also soon be a historical problem only).
And as one last side note:


Aside from the word salad, I believe you're saying here that you think Kleiman and Wright are the two people that make up the character of "Satoshi Nakamoto".  If you really do think this, you should probably spend more time examining your own abilities to assess evidence.  I have no idea who Satoshi Nakamoto is, but at this point, the chance of my seventy year old neighbour being Satoshi is higher than the chance of Craig Wright being involved in any way, shape, or form.  No one that should be capable of providing even a small amount of real evidence has any reason to fake as much as he did.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:30:33
Strangely, this isn't the first comment chain I've been in about the "weight" of a bitcoin.
I think last time around, it was agreed that a bitcoin weighs its mass-equivalence of the energy used in its production...  which means that 0.13 metric kilotons is probably more than all of the bitcoin in existence.  Okay, yep, that's a whale!
@_date: 2019-09-17 13:33:19


And if it doesn't?  Do you now hold all the BTC you will ever hold for the rest of your life?
@_date: 2019-09-10 19:07:04
I work as a technically focused manager in a Bitcoin related company.  I can't really say more than that since I don't want to tie my real world identity to this one.
@_date: 2018-07-26 18:56:24
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:55:40
Regarding your third point, I still don't understand the rationale behind this.  It's essentially an "airdrop" of transferable weight based on current fiat holdings.  In the paper, you seem to describe it as being the way to ensure the transition is seamless; but since this is being based on "what the bank says you have" instead of any real value, it goes against the very idea of how sound money should behave.
In the model you describe in section 9.2, I don't see how you get around the ability for central (and commercial) banks to simply *lie* about fiat creation.  By trying to work "side by side" with fiat, you are stuck with the same problems that it has always inherently had - it's a system built on requiring trust in institutions that have proven time and again that they're untrustworthy.
In Bitcoin, you can inherently distrust everyone and assume that everyone else is trying to cheat.  The only source of truth for me is my own node.  If I happen to have some fiat and trade it for Bitcoin, what requires trusting someone is the fiat side of the equation.  It's clear therefore the goal of Bitcoin is to replace the need for fiat, not work along side it.
Your proposal on the other hand seems to assume a future that can't possibly be stable; one in which multiple forms of money continue to exist, with a cryptographic token layer added on top of it.  You can prove the token layer side of things and if banks *let* you audit them can show they're cheating, but they're under no obligation to allow that to happen and perfectly capable of providing fake data should the government want them to in order to appease the masses.
As a last point, you describe - even in the abstract at the start - that Bitcoin has a bootstrapping problem.  I think reality is already proving you wrong as adoption is already well beyond the wildest dreams of those of us who were around ten years ago.
For one final note: You keep on mentioning Satoshi in your replies.  Firstly, I don't care what he would've thought.  He was a brilliant guy with some great ideas, but he was human and flawed just like the rest of us.  He made mistakes.  We've moved on since then.  Secondly, unless you talked in depth to him about these exact topics, you can't possibly know what his thoughts would've been and these comments just make it look like you're trying to give yourself more credit by invoking the idea that this is what he would've done.
@_date: 2019-09-05 15:17:09
I don't mind them doing it, I was just pointing it out since it's useful information for people to weigh up.
Personally, I have no need of this service.  I get paid in Bitcoin and don't hold fiat so the idea of "buying" Bitcoin is something I haven't had to deal with for quite a while.  Even if I did (e.g. someone sent me a bunch of fiat that I wanted to dump) where I live, I could get it faster and for lower fees than this service provides (but I'm well aware that most of the world - including the US - generally can't).
I'm not really sure it's going to help adoption in the slightest though.  I don't think that adoption is being held back by "difficulty in getting Bitcoin" these days.  I suspect the majority still aren't using it because they haven't understood yet why they might want to.  Those who do understand it are willing to take the time to figure out how to get it.  Those who don't understand it wouldn't bother getting it no matter how easy you make it for them to do so.
@_date: 2019-09-10 07:50:14


Then your advice should be that they don't do this, rather than to expect they will and not even mention it.  If they do it anyway against your advice, it's not your problem.  It's also a lesson they'll learn and almost certainly not repeat again.
If they view it as "lost 40% of their investment in a matter of days", then they were going in to it with the wrong mindset as I specifically spelled out in my last two paragraphs. 100k sat is 100k sat, regardless of the current dollar value, and short-term volatility is to be both expected and completely ignored.  Looking at it in terms of how many dollars its worth is missing the point entirely.
@_date: 2019-09-15 13:34:06
The value of gold for non-monetary uses is so low that it should be worth less than copper.
In other words, yes, gold will always have some value, but it's so low as to be essentially meaningless.
@_date: 2019-09-11 06:24:34


No.  They already have it.  Either their own (in the case of an exchange that actively trades) or BTC that belongs to another user but is under their custody.
Different exchanges behave slightly differently, but I'll explain a typical/common case where they are custodians of all currency being exchanged and you're wanting to exchange $100 USD for BTC.
1. You give them $100, generally via some kind of bank transfer.
2. This money goes in to their bank account and is not held "separately" marked as belonging to you.
3. They update their database to say that you have $100 balance.
4. A stranger you don't know - let's call her Alice - wants to exchange some BTC for USD.  She sends them 0.01 BTC via their "deposit" function.
5. (usually, but not strictly necessary) This BTC gets moved in to their general wallets (most exchanges have some hot and some cold wallets for security reasons) and is not held "separately" marked as belonging to Alice.
6. Alice indicates in some way on the exchange UI that she wants to sell all 0.01 BTC and wants to do so at a price of $10000 per BTC (thereby getting $100 minus any fees).
7. You indicate you want to buy $100 worth of BTC at current market rates.
8. Your "buy" is matched with Alice's "sell".
9. The exchange updates their database to say that you now have 0.01 BTC (and $0) and that Alice now has $100 (and 0 BTC).
10. You "withdraw" the BTC to your own wallet by giving them an address to send it to.
11. The exchange updates their database to say that you now have 0 BTC (and $0) and creates a transaction output in one of their batched transactions, sending 0.01 BTC to you.  There is no reason that it would be built from the same UTXO history as the 0.01 BTC that Alice "deposited" (it's technically possible by dumb luck, but extremely unlikely).
The only times the blockchain were touched in this process are steps 4, 5 and 11.  Steps 6 through 9 can happen any number of times between any number of users and is what exchanges mean when they are talking about "volume".  There could be hundreds of thousands of trades, totalling in the millions or billions of USD value, without a single transaction occurring on the blockchain.
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:53:50
That's okay, the next block is always "about ten minutes away" regardless of when the last block was mined.  Ten year window for adoption or bust needn't be any different.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:51:37
Yep, it'll definitely make it there.  The transaction is on the chain and unless the sender (in this case, the market) does do a "replace by fee" transaction to replace it, it'll make it in to a block eventually.
Don't worry about clarifying the details of the "private market"... I'm more than familiar with that (from your username, I assume we have some similar interests).  Just to note, many of the better private markets now provide the ability to send payments directly to the merchant at the market instead of using the market as a middleman.  Some of them even support a multi-sig system as a form of escrow whereby the merchant doesn't get the funds until countersigned.  I suggest you look in to these options since it removes the risk of the market being a custodian of your money should anything happen to them.
@_date: 2019-09-02 10:25:26
So does my way ("don't hold fiat at all").
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:05:44
Not out of thin air, but out of people who want to buy the new coin from him.
@_date: 2019-09-04 12:40:38
You're conflating two totally different meanings of the term "believe in".  One is discussing the belief in the existence of something, and the other is discussing having faith/trust in something.
Do I believe Adolf Hitler was a real person?  Yes.  Therefore I "believe in" Adolf Hitler.
Do I believe that Adolf Hitler's ideas and policies were aligned with me own? (i.e. Do I have faith/trust in Adolf Hitler?)  No, definitely not.  Therefore I "do not believe in" Adolf Hitler.
With Jesus: Some people believe in the existence of Jesus as described in the Bible, some people believe that the stories are based on a real person but that many of the things said about him are untrue, and others believe that there simply was no such person at all.  Some people have faith/trust in Jesus, others do not.
With Satoshi: I don't know of anyone that doubts the existence of the character.  Whether it was a single individual, multiple people, or something else, there is documented evidence of Satoshi's existence.  Some people have blind faith in things he said, others think he was pretty clever but still missed a lot and/or got some things wrong, and yet others think he was shortsighted and/or simply wrong.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:19:16
If you like it, then I suggest [HODL]( instead.  It's basically the same as BRD (uses the same breadwallet core code) but removes the shitcoin support, lets you set custom fees, uses segwit native directly, and has a generally cleaner UI.
@_date: 2018-02-08 10:32:20
No, because people still want and need stuff.
I *know* my bitcoin will be worth more in the future than it is now.  But I *want* cool toys to play with, I *need* to pay my kids' school fees, and my family *needs* to eat food and have a roof over the heads.
For the needs, there's basically no question.  For the wants, it's just a case of weighing up my desire for that want now vs the desire for more spending power in the future.  I won't live forever...
@_date: 2019-09-15 16:04:17
I didn't "dumb it down" at all.  I gave advice appropriate to their knowledge level.
If a mechanic gave me expert advice on how to fix a specific problem with my car that involved disassembling and reassembling some complex component that would be understood by another mechanic, I'd screw it up *really badly* if I tried.  I know next to nothing about cars.  If he told me to simply buy and replace a larger component, I might be more likely to succeed.  I'd prefer he told me to do the latter while still making it clear that the former is an option, which is exactly what I did.
It's no different to the fact that you can use nothing but newtonian mechanics to land a space probe on another planet (and we do) but we know it to be *wrong* in the sense that it doesn't take relativistic effects in to account.  When you're dealing with relative speeds that are very small, you simply don't care.  Relativity doesn't cease to exist, but it also isn't going to make enough of a difference for you to care.
My comment was the "newtonian mechanics" answer.


This is completely and utterly wrong and irresponsible.  If they don't understand it, it isn't good advice.
@_date: 2019-09-16 09:38:44
I often say that UBI is a good thing if you constrain your thinking completely to the current economic system. But really that’s just a sign of how completely broken the current system is. 
It doesn’t actually fix anything but what it does do is move everyone slightly closer to the point of new money creation, slightly reducing the “cheap money” advantage that banks have. 
At the same time of course it just further increases inflation and kills itself and the system it’s in a bit faster, but the system is dying anyway so you can’t hold that against it. 
Of course, for Bitcoin, anything that speeds up the death of fiat isn’t a bad thing at all.
@_date: 2019-09-10 14:38:07
I've been through worse... it's really just a continuation of Eternal September anyway.
@_date: 2019-09-17 13:39:24
What are you on?
I'm not implying that you didn't read my comment; nor do I make any judgement as to why that would be.  Your reply to it had nothing to do with it, so I was asking if maybe there was a misunderstanding.  Did I write something that makes you think I committed or am talking about a sunk cost fallacy? Or that I think the economy is doing great? If so, what was it?
@_date: 2017-10-11 06:26:29
Except that I'd wager $100/BTC valuation is essentially next to impossible.  It may continue to fluctuate quite a bit, but the long term trend is either significantly upwards or as close to zero as to be no different (i.e. well under $1).
This is a fundamental aspect of the limited quantity of bitcoin and the increasing interest/demand.  If interest/demand were to disappear (due to something more interesting to everyone or a fatal flaw in the system itself) it would plummet to near zero.  Otherwise, it will either long term stay well within an order of magnitude of where it is now or increase significantly.
@_date: 2019-09-15 14:28:01
Be careful with the term "wallet".  Websites that look after Bitcoin for you are not wallets - they're custodians (they have wallets of their own; but that's THEIR wallet, not yours).
Any real wallet is fine, since they require no permission.  Bitcoin is a peer to peer protocol.  There is no one who would be in a position to "let" you friend make a transfer or not.
Take a look at [this page]( to find a suitable wallet.  I recommend mobile phone wallets over desktop wallets since they're both more practical as well as more secure (desktops have a lot more exploits than mobile systems).  Of course, even mobile devices can be exploited, so for any reasonable amount of money, hardware wallets (or taking the time to understand the system well enough to generate a good offline wallet of another kind) are a must.
@_date: 2019-09-25 03:25:35
1. You're making up a new definition of "centralised" that no one else uses.
2. Your new definition *still* doesn't apply to Bitcoin.
Honestly, I don't see a point in continuing this discussion.
@_date: 2019-09-09 08:43:13
Just to add to this:
1. There can also be multiple watchtowers.  There is literally no way to know if your channel partner has zero watchtowers, one, or many.
2. Poon-Dryja channels use the "punishment" mechanism you described and are the current most common type of channel on the Lightning Network.  However, the network can be made up of any number of different kinds of channels and not all have the same kinds of systems.  The newer "eltoo" channels for example don't use punishment, but instead use a transaction ordering mechanism to prove newer states.
@_date: 2019-09-17 13:34:49
Ummm... are you replying to my comment?  If so, I think you spectacularly misread/misunderstood it somehow.  I see nothing in your reply that has anything to do with anything I said.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:09:29


I think that's an unfounded assumption, since most people don't rationally choose, instead simply accepting (either by ignorance or lack of choice due to poor software design) what the wallet suggests.


Blocks are essentially *always* full.  There hasn't been a time in years that that wasn't the case.  This is a good thing, because continually empty or non-full blocks would imply that the value of storing a piece of data on the blockchain is zero (which in turn implies that anyone who might want to store data immutably and eternally does not believe that Bitcoin's blockchain provides this).


"relatively quickly" isn't a clearly defined term.  In the last 12 months, there are very few times that a 1sat/byte fee took more than 6 hours to make it in to a block.  Most of the time, it's within an hour.


Here we mostly agree, except that I'd say I don't care what the on-chain fees are at all as long as blocks are consistently full.  I don't believe there is such a thing as "too high", because if they go high, enough people will either move transactions off-chain or stop transacting until it goes down to a level they are willing to pay.  Fees are a self-stabilising system.
What I object to is fees being artificially inflated by poor software that doesn't provide the user with choice, and misunderstandings about how the network behaves.
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:02:18
I don't think it's a valid concern, because:
1. Pools are not the same as miners.  Many of the Chinese pools have large numbers of miners located outside China that simply have no motivation to change away from the default pool.  Any kind of attempted attack by the pool (e.g. 51% attack) would mean temporarily stopping payouts to miners within the pool.  That'd be enough for the majority to switch to other pools.
2. Miners don't do anything other than secure the network and add transactions to blocks.  Even with 51%, there's not really a lot of damage they can do.  They can't steal anyone's Bitcoin and basically would just be a nuisance.  Any attack where they took their hash-power off the main network (e.g. to shadow write a longer chain, thereby undoing all transactions since they did so) would be noticed.  Here you can refer back to point   Even in the case that the individual miners in the pool for some reason went along with it, the Bitcoin that the pool would get would be worthless since no one would be willing to trade other kinds of money for it anymore since it just provably got attacked.
These answers have been given many times over by many different people and you'd find them if you just searched this subreddit history for "China" or google for "Can china take over bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:52:08
The cost of mining bitcoin is proportional to how much hashrate is currently mining bitcoin.  If one BTC were trading for a million USD, the cost to mine one Bitcoin would increase to somewhere around a million USD as new miners joined.  If one BTC were trading for one thousand USD, the cost to mine one Bitcoin would decrease to somewhere around a thousand USD as the miners started turning off their equipment (least efficient first).
@_date: 2019-09-22 14:06:40


I'm tempted to say this is chicken and egg.  But really, most of us that wander around and actually use BTC in our daily lives are also the types that have installed a Lightning Network wallet by now.
I don't think any business that accepts BTC gets a lot of random off-the-street Bitcoin users, but for those that do, I doubt too many wouldn't be able to make a payment with Lightning.
I nevertheless agree that it makes sense for the merchant to accept both.
@_date: 2019-09-01 14:46:26


Try checking history... while there were less people involved in total, there were still a significant number of posts on public forums (including here on 3 years ago about it.
Take a look at articles like [this]( or screengrabs like [this]( to get a feel for how similar it really is.
@_date: 2019-09-20 11:58:47
That depends on definitions.  I hold no fiat, and so some would say I'm living completely on Bitcoin.  Others however would argue that since I:
1. Make payments in fiat (using a credit card that I then pay off with Bitcoin)
2. Have some bills that are debited from a bank account that I will exchange some Bitcoin for fiat immediately before it is taken out
Then I clearly am not "living completely on Bitcoin".
The point to me however is simply one of reducing my exposure to the fiat system a minimum.  It's impossible to avoid completely as long as other people are using it, but as long as I'm not holding it for any length of time beyond the short time between my exchanging some Bitcoin for it and it being transferred to the biller that wants it, I'm fine with that for the moment.
Of course, I prefer dealing with people and businesses that will accept Bitcoin directly and there are a few that I use, but it's definitely not possible to live my life (wife, two kids at a private school, various professional and social responsibilities) only making payments in BTC directly.
@_date: 2019-09-04 15:22:28


It'd be immediately obvious to *everyone*.  There are really two kinds of 51% attack:
1. In a "rewrite history" style attack, they need to direct their hash-power away from creating new blocks and towards rewriting old blocks plus catching up on new ones, so they can release them all at once as the longest chain.
2. In a "secret mining" style attack, they mine from a certain point onwards but don't release the blocks immediately, so even though other people will also find blocks, their larger hash-rate than the rest of the network ensures that when they release them all at once, their chain is the most valid.
In either case, this is very visible in that as soon as the attack starts, blocks take much longer to appear and the network hashrate appears have dropped over 50%.  Anyone paying any attention will see that no new blocks are coming from the well known very large pool(s).  When they then release the blocks, everyone sees that a whole bunch of blocks suddenly got wiped out in a chain re-org.
A "rewrite history" attack is hard to do without significantly over 50% of the hash rate, since you need to do old blocks plus new ones to have the longest chain.  That means you'll be doing it for quite a while and it'll be very visible.  A "secret mining" style attack is easier to do with only just over 50%, but the only way you can get quick economic benefit is by directly defrauding exchanges, which is going to have significant legal/political ramifications if done by a state actor.
Generally, a pool suddenly disappearing would be noticed within a few blocks and pretty certain within a half a day.  Any miners mining to the pool that disappeared would likely switch over to another just for safety's sake with the concern that they might not get paid otherwise.  The pool would need to consider this risk as well, since if enough miners did it, the attack would also fail and all of the energy costs spent on mining would have been completely wasted, plus they would have caused significant mistrust when they come up with a lame excuse as to why the pool suddenly stopped working and didn't pay the miners anything.
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:09:50
I don’t hold fiat. Asking if they take bitcoin saves me having to pay extra by using my credit card and then paying that using BTC.
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:49:19
*Optionally* custodial.  You can also point it at your own lnd node (by running the lndhub software as a wrapper).
@_date: 2019-09-08 10:00:19


No, you're being downvoted for not even trying to understand his reply and being an extremely abrasive person that doesn't seem to know how to have a polite conversation.
@_date: 2019-09-16 15:11:17
He's actually my favourite candidate.  Mostly because I see him as the kind of person who will actually listen to well-reasoned arguments from the people he hires whose job it is to know things that he doesn't.
@_date: 2019-09-04 12:31:57


I can spend it lots of places.  Have you tried asking?


On-chain fees tend to be a few cents per tx.  Off-chain fees tend to be zero or very close to it.


Confirmations are unnecessary for off-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:05:52
My first purchase was LSD from Silk Road.  It cost a bit under 60BTC (which was about €20 at the time).
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:10:10


It's the proof-of-work that *makes* it secure.  There is no security system in existence that we know of that is more secure than a proof-of-work chain.  You can't just "*have a database that is just as secure, by removing the competitive Proof-of-Work aspect*".  If you do figure out how, go apply for your nobel prize now.
The cryptography aspect has nothing to do with security.  The cryptographic keys are actually only really used as a way to really identify 'owners' of coins in a way that others can't pretend to own coins that they don't.  Cryptography has no part in the security of the chain or the coin's immutability.
@_date: 2019-09-17 12:47:42
Even if they do, what advantage does IMFCoin have over Bitcoin?
Even imagining for a moment that they *could* introduce a truly decentralised system (some group of politicians somewhere would be very unhappy about that attempt), you have to ask why Bitcoin remains the only blockchain based system with a significant amount of value in it.  Essentially:
1. Anything that **isn't** Proof-of-Work isn't provably secure (Proof-of-Stake is an interesting consensus mechanism; it's a shitty security mechanism)
2. Anything that **is** Proof-of-Work has less work on it that Bitcoin and thus is definitionally less valuable
So, would IMFCoin be proof of work?  If so, how does it get past the problem of having less work on it that Bitcoin?  Or would it be something like proof of stake, distributed proof of stake, or some other system that doesn't offer real security?  In the case, how does it get past the problem of not being provably secure?
You could potentially argue that in such a situation, the governments will ban Bitcoin and force the use of IMFCoin for international trade.  Even if they did, I wouldn't see that as any different to other Bitcoin ban scenarios, none of which effectively kill Bitcoin - just push it underground until the next swing in political views lets it out in to the light again (even stronger than before).
@_date: 2019-09-16 10:15:09
No can do right now. But when I get a chance later, I’ll do so if I don’t forget.
@_date: 2019-09-19 03:39:18


BitPay is not the only service offering these features.
BTCPayServer can also be hosted by companies offering these features.
@_date: 2019-09-10 07:17:26
(for this post, I'm assuming your local currency is "dollars" - if it's not, just substitute that in your head for the correct word)
I'm going to disagree with most of the posts here in some way.
1. Anyone saying "no" or that it's gambling is simply wrong.
2. Those saying to only buy a bit at a time (dollar cost averaging) are also wrong.
You certainly *can* gamble on the value of Bitcoin.  You can try to time the market so that you sell just before it's about to go down against the dollar and buy just before it's about to go up.  That's gambling, and I don't recommend it.
However, if you have some money lying around doing nothing, it's losing value.  $100 now is worth slightly less than $100 yesterday.  $100 ten years ago could buy noticeably more stuff than it does today and will buy noticeably less ten years from now.
So you have to ask yourself what you want to do.  You could:
1. Spend the money on goods and services.
2. Keep some or all of the money lying around in dollars doing nothing.
3. Exchange all of the dollars for bitcoin.
If you do the first thing, some of the goods you buy might be worth more in the future.  This is investing in assets.  Generally speaking, unless you're buying land, a house, or collectibles, assets don't appreciate much and most depreciate a lot.  Most goods and services you buy are more for your own needs/wants rather than investments.
The second thing is what you've been doing so far with your savings and also what you'd be doing if you used "dollar cost averaging".  It's true that you might exchange all of your dollars for bitcoin now and then the market moves against you, meaning you *could* have gotten more bitcoin for the dollars.  But it's also entirely possible that the market moves in the other direction and you end up getting less bitcoin for your dollars.  Essentially, this is back to gambling.  The idea of DCA is that you end up with an average rate, smoothing out volatility through buying over time.  This only makes sense if you either don't have all the money now (e.g. people getting more bitcoin every time they get paid) or if you intend to exchange it back to dollars again at some point in the relatively near future and want to reduce the risks of volatility.
The final thing is what I recommend.  The long term trend is up, regardless of short-term volatility.  Ten years from now - as said - every dollar you hold will be worth less than it is now.  Ten years from now, every satoshi you hold will be worth more than it is now.  Gambling on the short term volatility is possible, but ultimately a waste of time and irrelevant in the long run.
It's also worth noting that you shouldn't think of it in terms of dollar value.  If you hold 100000 satoshi, then that's your holdings.  It's not "$10.26 in bitcoin" that some time later turns in to "$100 in bitcoin"; it's 100000 satoshi and remains 100000 satoshi, regardless of how many dollars it can be exchanged for.  This is an important mindset because - as I said - dollars aren't always worth the same, so even if it looks like you're comparing it to the same thing, you're actually not.  The plan should be to one day spend those Bitcoin directly on goods and services that you need/want, not exchange it back to dollars.
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:50:27


No.  Next question.


"*What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence****.*****"** \- Christopher Hitchens.


While I don't think China has a monopoly on mining, there certainly is a lot of it happening there, so I'll answer from that perspective: Mining will - as time goes on - become more decentralised.  The rapid growth phase of ASIC development is already over as evidenced by the tapering off of hash rate per watt over the last year.  That means more manufacturers will be able to enter the space effectively and compete on grounds beyond pure hash rate (if two providers have roughly the same hash per watt, but one offers very good service, hardware warranties and so on while the other doesn't, you'll probably pick them).
@_date: 2019-09-16 09:30:29
I think the Stellar protocol has some interesting ideas, but I don’t see the need for the XLM token and I don’t like it’s consensus concept that much. 
As per my comment above, I would rather see these minds building second layer technology on Bitcoin. Some of the ideas from Stellar could actually be useful there instead of dying a forgotten death because of trying to compete (unnecessarily) against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:39:16
I'm sorry for your future loss.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:36:30
Looks okay to me as long as that address (3Htcf747Ahh4p8Qu8zNiii9614k8uxM98n) really is yours.
The fee is still quite low, so it'll take some time to make its way in to a block.  It's about 3MB from the tip at the moment and the mempool has been quite variable over the last couple of days, so give it anywhere between 40 minutes and 4 hours.
You used RBF, when means that if you're in a hurry you can re-broadcast it with a higher fee if the wallet you used to send it provides you the option to do so.
When you say:


Do you mean that you:
1. Had some BTC in one wallet
2. Transferred it to another wallet
3. Are now transferring it back
If so, the previous transaction (step 2) also had nearly half a bitcoin in change that is still in the original wallet (step 1).  However, I'm a little confused what the setup looks like since the address you're now sending to is P2SH (starts with a 3) whereas the change went to a P2WPKH address (starts with bc1).  The "new" wallet that you sent to and are now sending back from however uses a legacy P2PKH address (starts with a 1).  So it looks like you transferred from a good modern wallet to a somewhat out-of-date older one.
If this reply hasn't helped, maybe clarifying more about what the wallets are and what you were doing would be useful for helping you.
Note that if any of the "wallets" involved are web services where someone else controls the private keys rather than wallets where you are in control of your own keys, there is very little anyone can do to help you.  There's a well known saying around these parts: *Not your keys, not your bitcoin*.
@_date: 2019-09-22 18:22:44


I prefer wallets that use the Electrum protocol, pointed at my own node (those that don't let you select the node are definitely a security risk).
Pointed at your own node, the security is comparable to SPV (in some ways better) and you don't have to deal with syncing, which is the thing I dislike most about SPV in general.
@_date: 2019-09-10 13:28:04
Some people do, sure.  But most of us are fine with people who ask questions where:
1. they admit they don't know something and are just trying to figure it out instead of brashly claiming something based on false or incomplete information and then use that as their defence for their stupid position.
2. they have actually tried using Google or the subreddit search function to learn a bit before asking.
3. they are willing to use Google or the subreddit search function to flesh out their knowledge once someone has given them an answer that provides a useful direction for further search.
People who just come in and ask crap questions expecting other people to take up valuable time answering the same thing for the millionth or so time deserve a somewhat harsher response.
@_date: 2019-09-01 14:19:58
**Example 1:**
In this example, Bob has two choices.  He either needs to make an outgoing payment to someone else first (e.g. buy something somewhere) or use a service that opens a channel back to him.  There are some Lightning nodes set up to do this when you open a channel to them (in which case, he needs to turn off autopilot and add a channel manually), and other services that do it for a fee (which is generally an on-chain transaction he'd do from outside of the Lightning wallet).
While the first choice is pretty easy, it's not obvious why this is the case and maybe he doesn't want to make any other payments right now.  Being told he has to in order to receive seems non-sensical and he'll demand to know why "this Lightning thing is so stupid", which brings us back to the demand for technical understanding.
The better solution is obviously to have bidirectional channels established more transparently that he doesn't even need to think about any of this.
**Example 2:**
The only way he can do this currently is to turn off autopilot.  By switching over to manual channel management, and then either closing his existing channel(s) and opening one large one either directly to his destination or to a channel partner with a known good path to his destination, he'll be able to get the transaction to go through.  There's no way he can do this without a deeper technical understanding.
The better solution is to have atomic multipath payments implemented, whereby a single payment can be split through a number of smaller channels (even multiple times!) and reconstituted at the destination.  Then, neither Bob nor his software really need to care about the size of individual channels and can happily make payments without ever having this kind of error.
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:50:50
While I respect and admire libertarian ideals, Ayn Rand was a psychopath that didn't understand humanity.
@_date: 2019-09-11 10:26:01
Humans are a social species and we generally derive pleasure from social action as well as organise ourselves in social structures.  Ayn Rand's philosophy tends to ignore this and be a complete "dog eat dog" worldview that completely ignores prosocial behaviour.
I completely agree that most philosophies take this too far and use prosocial behaviour as an excuse for forced compliance (whether it be fascism or democracy, I don't see a huge difference) but to ignore it completely is also a mistake.  It denies one of the fundamental things that makes us human and - in doing so - eliminates one of our greatest senses of joy.
Ideal communism is also a mistake because it's inherently not implementable.  While we are a social creature, we're also quite capable of exploiting each other for personal gain.  One doesn't preclude the other.  This means that any attempt at ideal communism devolves (before it even really starts) in to a kind of socialist fascism as typified by the USSR but can also be seen elsewhere.
I find the best way to explain this is to point to the very topic of this subreddit: Bitcoin.  How does the decentralised nature of Bitcoin work?  I can make my node follow any rules I want and no one can force their rules on me.  You can do the same.  So can everyone else.  None of us can force rules on each other.  But, we each determine what rules we're generally willing to accept and what we're not.  From that, emerges a consensus of rules that can be canonically considered "the Bitcoin network rules".  Money is a social construct since if we can't use it for the social activity of trading things with each other, it's meaningless/worthless.  We therefore have a social incentive to accept the majority rules, while still retaining the power to reject rules that we find abhorrent.
Essentially, this all boils down to a form of [social anarchism]( whereby each individual has complete sovereignty and autonomy but is incentivised by the desire for social action and inclusion to act for the benefit of others and at own expense weighing up that expense (whether consciously or not) against the social benefits gained.
In 1934, Ayn Rand wrote:


It is because of statements like this that I call her a psychopath lacking in humanity.  No, progress and civilisation are not directed towards making people more individual.  Not at all.  They're expressly directed towards allowing us to cooperate more effectively with one another.  In many forms of civilisation, we've taken it too far and lost sovereignty, which is why I still consider myself a form of libertarian, but it's a mistake to deny or ignore the social aspects of our humanity.
@_date: 2019-09-17 13:58:58
*Sorry for your loss.*
@_date: 2019-09-06 03:15:44
Word salad. Not surprising given where it’s posted.
@_date: 2019-09-11 12:26:16


Then I think we agree, but I also think you misunderstand Ayn Rand... she most certainly did not espouse this.


I completely agree, but if you think I was espousing collectivism in any form, then we probably have different definitions of collectivism.


I'm also not sure you understand what a psychopath is.  A psychopath is someone that does not have empathy.
There are many psychopaths that do good (and even social) things - but they do them purely because of the calculated gain and not because doing it instills positive feelings in them.  There are also many horrible people that have done terrible things but are decidedly *not* psychopaths because they honestly believed that what they were doing was the right thing to help the majority of people.  They were using their empathy, they just got it amazingly wrong.  Not to Godwin the discussion, but Hitler was a good example.  Definitely a fucked up and horrible person, but decidedly not a psychopath.
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:21:27
Just to be pedantic: I live in Europe, no one around me would typically compare the value of anything to USD. 
I prefer not to compare BTC to fiat directly anyway since the value of fiat changes as well, so a $10k BTC today isn’t the same thing as a $10k BTC 10 years from now. I prefer to simply consider it in terms of purchasing power. e.g. “How long could I live my current life only with the BTC reserves that I have?”
@_date: 2019-09-04 12:53:02


No it isn't.  It's fixed supply.  That means during times of market growth, it's deflationary and during times of market decline, it's inflationary.  It provides a stabilising effect against market size changes.  This is a good thing.


John Maynard Keynes has a lot to answer for.  This has been repeated millions of fucking times and is *never* backed up by any evidence at all.
Essentially, the argument that discouraging saving and encouraging spending "stimulates" an economy isn't founded in reality at all.  It's a variant of the broken window fallacy.  It encourages waste, not productive economic activity.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:47:24


I'd love to know how you think they are even capable of something like that.
@_date: 2019-09-08 10:07:59
Just to note: you're right, but I still downvoted you.  Upvotes and downvotes have nothing to do with being right or wrong.  Your comment brought nothing useful, interesting, or even enjoyable to the table.
If you stop insulting everyone in damn near every comment and actually try having a civil conversation with them instead, you may be a bit more successful.
The goal of a conversation where two people disagree is to get your point across as clearly as possible, do your best to understand the other person's point as much as possible, and then either help them understand where they're wrong (teaching opportunity) or understand where you went wrong (learning opportunity).
I don't even think actually disagreed with you.  He said he thinks they perhaps will monetise transaction records at some point, but doesn't see that as their primary business model currently.  If you disagree, how about explaining why rather than just acting like a spoiled child?
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:24:02
It's on [github]( so we can get some ideas from looking at the contributors there.
It appears to be a private effort not associated with any company as far as I can tell.  There are somewhere around 20 different contributors in total (spread across the different subprojects), but only really a couple of really active ones.
@_date: 2019-09-02 11:03:50
Sorry to hear it...
@_date: 2018-07-25 09:48:32
All good advice except that a mobile wallet is usually safer than a desktop computer wallet due to the smaller attack surface and lack of root access to the OS. 
I wouldn’t trust either with significant amounts (that’s where hardware wallets come in), but for general day to day use, a mobile wallet is generally both more secure and practical than a desktop. 
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:01:55


This is an utterly incorrect use of the word "central".
The ledger is not centralised.  Central would imply a single entity or group of entities "looking after" it and providing it on demand.  That's not how it works, so it's not centralised.  It is a single ledger, but each node comes to that conclusion on its own, not at the behest of others.
The code isn't centralised.  You are free to run any code (with any rules) you like.  If your rules are compatible enough with the rest of the network, you'll be considered a part of it.  It doesn't matter where that code comes from or if you have rules that are different but don't cause your transactions to be rejected by your peers.
@_date: 2019-09-30 07:35:57
If you exchanged dollars for bitcoin, you lost one kind of money (dollars) and gained a different kind (bitcoin).  If you later exchange bitcoin for dollars, you'll lose one kind of money (bitcoin) and gain a different kind (dollars).  You may end up with more dollars or less dollars than you started with and can compare your total monetary worth between the two points to say if you gained money or lost money over the total process.
Equally, you may do it the other way around and first exchange some bitcoin for dollars, then later exchange dollars for bitcoin.  You may end up with either more or less bitcoin and comparing those values will tell you if you made money or lost money.
The point is, that both dollars and bitcoin are types of money and you can measure "gains" or "losses" in both when trading/speculating/gambling.  Which kind of money you prefer to have depends on you.  Personally, I see Bitcoin as a much better kind of money than any fiat currency and so prefer to have that.  I don't however consider gambling on the exchange rate between bitcoin and other currencies to be something I am interested in doing.
@_date: 2018-07-24 07:54:03
I've been "dollar cost averaging" by default without intending for that to be a "strategy".
I simply convert all of my unaccounted for fiat (i.e. all of it that isn't earmarked for automatic payments) to bitcoin immediately when I get my paycheque each month.  I then spend it as my day-to-day currency (either directly where possible, or indirectly via a credit card that I pay off using bitcoin).
The result of this is - from a fiat value perspective - somewhat similar to dollar cost averaging since it's a regularly scheduled purchase of bitcoin for almost the same amount each time and is time based rather than exchange rate based.
Overall, I'd say I've been doing very well with this behaviour.  The last few months have seen a bit of a decline in my purchasing power, but since I do still have some BTC that I got when it was significantly sub-$100, my total fiat-in vs total fiat-out is significantly in my favour.
That said, I'm not really interested in how much fiat I can make or have made.  From a financial perspective, I trust BTC more than fiat, so I'm more interested in acquiring more BTC to help give my kids the best life with the most opportunities that I am able to give them.  From a non-financial perspective, I'm more interested in helping bring about a world in which real financial sovereignty for individuals is a practical possibility again.
@_date: 2018-02-27 10:57:36
I've been wanting to do something myself for a long time, but I don't have enough spare time.
The idea is to build a mobile wallet that (in no particular order):
1. Is identical in UI and function on both iOS and Android.
2. Supports segwit (both P2SH and bech32) as standard.
 1. Legacy addresses supported through manual creation, but considered deprecated.
3. Supports Lightning (initially "disabled" or "hidden" but can be enabled by advanced users or in a later update when ready).
 1. Lightning support is to be "transparent" to the user.
 2. No manual channel management required.
 3. Manual channel management supported, but discouraged.
4. Supports setting of custom fees in addition to calculated fees (both as sat/byte as well as absolute figures).
5. Allows selection of UTXOs for inputs as well as address to be used for change.
6. Supports batch payments (multiple output destinations).
7. Does not *require* manually selecting UTXOs or change addresses.
8. Supports selection of provider for exchange rate displays.
9. Either very cheap or free.
 1. No advertising in the UI or other such degradation of user experience.
 2. Wallet provided either at low cost on app stores to recoup development effort or completely free.
 3. I'd consider (but am far from convinced at this stage) about micropayments on Lightning as a monetisation system along the lines of 1 satoshi per transaction being directed to the developer or similar.
10. Can *use* external centralised services (such as exchange rate providers) but never *requires* an external centralised service (such as a user database or "key storage" or similar)
 1. When an external service such as an exchange rate provider is used, failure to access that provider gracefully degrades the usage (for example, showing a statement that exchange rates can not be found right now) but doesn't prevent usage of core application features.
11. Supports a "view only wallet" for both simple addresses and public keys from which multiple addresses are derived.
12. Has the ability to import/sweep wallets using all major/common seed word lists, private key QR codes, and so on.
13. Is purely a BTC wallet and doesn't provide options for dealing with other cryptocurrencies (forks of the project could be made for other cryptos; but the main project should not support anything other than BTC)
Overall, I want something ultimately simple to use for the typical user, where the only obvious UI elements are "My balance", "send BTC", and "Receive BTC"; but through advanced optional features hidden away behind UI elements an advanced user can adjust almost everything they could possibly want to.  No decisions are made unilaterally by the application or connected systems without the ability for the user to change them manually should they so choose.
So, if you want to take my idea, I'll be more than happy and don't ask for anything in return (since ultimately what I really want is for it to exist, no matter who makes it).
Alternatively, if anyone rich and a little bit crazy reading this wants me to do it, just drop me a PM, give me somewhere around 10BTC, and I'll take a year off my job to do this instead (first beta release in about 3 months; full features by 12 months at the latest).
@_date: 2017-10-25 22:49:58
Except anyone sensible won't have the seed words to a fortune written down somewhere that's easy to access.
Mine personally is stored in two separate physical locations, both of which take time and effort to access.
I also haven't memorised them, so couldn't just 'tell someone' even if I wanted to.
@_date: 2019-09-08 15:29:54
And does that make him any more likely to be right?
@_date: 2019-09-15 13:36:21
The vast majority of gold ownership is "paper" gold.  Very few gold owners physically have it themselves.
For those that do, they either have a small amount, or they carry a much larger risk than Bitcoin owners due to the difficulty associated with storing and transporting any reasonable amount of it.  If I had my net worth in gold, I'd have a very hard time crossing a national border in a time of crisis.  With my net worth in Bitcoin, no one is even aware I have it.
@_date: 2019-09-01 09:49:54


I don't think this is the only problem.  I do think there are real problems that need to be solved before it's easy enough - regardless of whether people understand it in depth or not (or think they need to/not).
**Example 1:**
Bob is new to Lightning.  He downloads and installs the Lightning Labs wallet since it's the first one he came across.  It all seems reasonably straightforward but there are a couple of confusing points.  Nevertheless, he lets it use "Autopilot" to open channels for him and it all looks okay after he's transferred some funds to it from an exchange where he bought some BTC.  The app tells him he's got 5 million satoshi, 100% on Lightning.
Bob meets with his friend Alice for coffee later that day.  The coffee shop doesn't take Bitcoin (on-chain or via Lightning).  He knows Alice uses Lightning as well, so suggests he pays with cash and Alice pays him her share via Lightning.  Alice agrees.  When it comes time to do it though, Alice's transaction doesn't go through.  Upon investigation (which Bob would've never done on his own), we realise that he has a lot of outgoing capacity, but no incoming capacity until he spends some.  No one has opened a channel with him and his are all funded in one direction only.
**Example 2:**
Bob later wants to buy some cool t-shirts, hats, and other stuff showing his support for Bitcoin and Lightning.  He finds an online shop that takes Lightning payments and adds about 4 million satoshi worth of goods to his basket.  He's got 5 million, so he knows he can afford it.
He selects to check-out and pay via Lightning.  When he tries to make the payment though, he gets an error that his transaction can't be routed.  Despite the fact that he has enough money, none of his channels are large enough for a payment of that size (or maybe one is, but that channel partner doesn't have any channels that large).
These problems can and will be solved by people working on these technologies (myself included), but we definitely can't pretend they don't exist.  It's a fact that right now, trying to use Lightning when you know nothing about how it works internally can lead to frustration and difficulties.  Use it long enough in enough different scenarios and you will face cryptic error messages and failed payments that you don't expect.
Right now, it works *most* of the time for *most* use cases that someone needs.  For widespread adoption, we need to change "*most*" to "*essentially all*".
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:51:39


So, don't lose your seed.  Keep many backups.  Keep them safe.  Even pay people to keep them safe for you if you want (I keep one copy of my encrypted seed in a bank vault for example).  Your measures taken should be proportional to your value.  The risk will always exist, but equally, the risk of your bank losing all your money is also non-zero.


For larger purchases without immediate delivery, I recommend using escrow.  Chargebacks are not the only way to ensure fair trading.


Address entry is something that needs to be simplified by improved user experience.  In general though, it's not a common problem even now due to the use of QR codes and payment URLs.  There is more room for improvement and that's an area I'm personally actively involved in.
Suffice to say, it's again a risk that needs to be weighed against the risk of problems with your bank (and/or the underlying currency your money is stored in at that bank).
@_date: 2018-04-04 12:03:05
Without a *lot* of clarification, that is simply a ridiculous statement.  I can't argue against it because you've given nothing to argue against.
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:23:00


Nothing can or should be "done" about the loss.






If one satoshi is larger than the amount of value we'd like to have as a minimum value for trade (which it certainly would be at that value; given we'd like to conduct very small microtransactions if possible), then we can subdivide the satoshi.  This is already the case on the Lightning Network, where millisatoshi values are used, and are rounded off to satoshis when settled on-chain (with never a new satoshi created nor lost in the rounding; by virtue of how it's built).
Note that subdividing is not the same as creating more.  There's a big difference between taking six slices of pizza and cutting each in half to have twelve smaller slices than to getting an entirely new pizza cut in to six.  In both cases, there are "twelve slices", but in the first one, no new pizza was added whereas in the second there was.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:48:55
There’s very little I find more annoying than an article stating, “calculations show...” and then not giving any kind of link to those calculations or paper describing it in useful detail. 
Essentially they’re just saying, “hey, sone smart people figured something out. You should trust us and believe them because as we said, they’re smart people”. 
I’m not going to say they’re wrong, but without actually seeing the research itself, it would be foolish to just take their word for it. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 06:43:14
Log charts are the only charts that make sense when talking about change in values over time and are preferred in pretty much every scientific field for this kind of data (including the softer sciences like economics).
If I have *x* amount of bitcoin, and it doubles, then it'll be twice as high on the chart.  If I have *y* amount and it doubles, then it'll be twice as high on the chart.  If I have *z* amount and it halves, then it'll be half the height on the chart.  Log charts show *real* changes in value.
Linear charts on the other hand show some arbitrary figure that can be manipulated at will to show misleading information.  Let's imagine a simple case of 10 satoshi is the same value as 1 McDonalds hamburger.  
If I have 20 satoshi, I can buy 2 hamburgers.  If you have 100 satoshi, you can buy 10 hamburgers.  If the value doubles, then on a logarithmic chart, we can both see that our values (in terms of hamburgers) is twice as much.  My line will be at exactly 4 hamburgers and yours will be at 20 hamburgers.
Compare this to a linear chart.  On the linear chart, your line went up 160 units higher than mine (mine went to 40 and yours went to 200), making you appear to have done 80 times as well out of it than I have.  This can easily shown to be arbitrary manipulation since you can change these apparent values just by introducing different units.  Instead of satoshi, we could measure in µBTC.  In µBTC, I went from 0.2 to 0.4 and you went from 1 to 2.  Looking at it that way, you only did 0.8 better than me.  In reality however, we both did equally as well - doubling our value.   
 If it's still not clear, do the same thought experiment with dollars and cents.  Me going from 200 cents to 400 cents and you going from 1000 cents to 2000 cents.  Whether you choose to call those values $2, $4, $10 and $20 is irrelevant - the meaning is the same.  Simply put: directly convertible units are meaningless and only percentage change can be used for anything meaningful.
^((note: do not spend all your BTC on hamburgers.  If you die young of heart disease and poor due to having no BTC left, you miss out on all the fun of being a curmudgeonly old man like me who can tell people to get off his oversized lawn)^)
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:15:54
Start with any data we can check on the blockchain.  Addresses and Transaction IDs are the best, but even amounts and dates/times can be useful.
@_date: 2018-04-16 11:53:54
It's not the wealth itself that makes them oligarchs.  It's the *control* of the wealth (by control of the monetary system in which that wealth is measured).
Bitcoin changes the story.  No longer can those with wealth simply create more of it out of nothing at all.  They have no more ability to define the rules of the system than any other actor within it.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:31:39
[Not in Germany](
@_date: 2018-04-01 11:55:04
They never will, because I own some coins that I will not sell to them.  And I'm reasonably certain I'm not the only one.
@_date: 2019-09-08 07:52:44
I don't think you're wrong.
I use Bitcoin Core as a node, but not as a wallet.  Its wallet functions are a good reference client for understanding how wallets should interact with the node, but isn't really great from a user perspective at all.
I also generally don't trust desktop client wallets since desktop operating systems are far too complex/multipurpose and so have far too many attack vectors.  I use a mobile phone wallet (talking to my node) for day-to-day transactions and a hardware wallet for longer-term storage.  Both have BIP39 seed words that I have physically secured.
@_date: 2018-04-16 18:15:21
Thanks for the answer!
I wasn't expecting anyone to reply to that after sitting there for a month.  I don't have time to sit and think about your reply deeply right now, but at first blush, it certainly seems to make sense and address my concerns at least to an extent.
@_date: 2018-04-21 06:36:56


Your source doesn't claim he wrote it as a joke.  It claims he wrote it with that viewpoint, but not that the prediction would turn out to be wrong.  So we can assume that he very much meant what he said.
He is quoted in your source:


I disagree very fundamentally with this.  He fails to understand that its economic aspects are predicated on its technology.  It's not like a business that happens to produce technology (which can fail due to any number of non technical reasons such as bad marketing, regulation, and so on).  Bitcoin is instead 100% from-the-ground-up built as a way to store and transfer value in a trustless and decentralised manner.  The "technology" and "whether it works as money" are one-in-the-same thing and most certainly not a "very different kind of question".
@_date: 2018-04-29 07:50:03
I spend bitcoin regularly.  Would I rather not spend it?  Sure... but I also need to eat, pay rent, pay my bills, etc.
Even aside from the 'needs', I spend money on entertainment for myself and my family because otherwise we'd have a pretty miserable life.  I'd rather be happy with less money than unhappy with more money.
Sure, I could hold my money in a fiat currency instead so I'm not spending my "valuable deflationary money", but then the money I don't spend will decrease instead of increase.  Why would I want to do that?
The view of "*don't spend because it'll increase in value!*" implies that you have other types of money to spend instead on the things you need.  It's ignoring the bigger picture entirely.
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:49:40
Demand is high. 
Some of that demand might be because of GPU mining of coins where that’s a realistic possibility, but that’s not bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 09:24:36
Acquiring bitcoin is easy... the hoops you're being asked to jump through to do so are entirely based on the difficulty of spending fiat (e.g. US dollar).
@_date: 2018-04-21 18:38:34
That is not a different question.  You're missing the point in the same way Krugman did.
In the passage I quoted, he specifically said, "*Everyone agrees that it's technically very sweet*", but doesn't seem to realise that if the technology *is* that it works as money, he's already just effectively said that everyone agrees that it works very well as money.
Anyone who admires the technical details of bitcoin must do so in the context of what it is (a mechanism for storing and transferring value).  It's not "technically very sweet" in way other than in how it provides for the capability to do what it does.
To put it as simply as I can, "the technology" is "it works as money".  You can't say one is good and the other is unknown.  You can say, "it's unknown" (or "it's bad"), but then you have to admit you're disagreeing with the people who say "it's good".
@_date: 2018-04-01 11:48:11
If you were the last person HODLing and no one else wanted it, you couldn't cash out at all and the value would be zero.
However, as I'd be happy to buy it from you, you wouldn't be the last and you would be able to cash out.
I honestly can't imagine any reasonable scenario where there are *zero* people interested in it anymore, so I think it should always have some non-zero value.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:37:35
Does fast-food home-delivery count?  
[Netherlands](  
[Belgium](  
[Germany](  
[Poland](  
[Austria](  
[Switzerland](  
Or how about groceries?  
@_date: 2018-04-04 12:47:39
Hundreds of thousands petition, and it fails. 
From this, you conclude that it’s *impossible*. Your logic concerns me...
@_date: 2019-09-06 09:26:48


As measured in what?
It's important to remember that Bitcoin is a currency and has its own value.  If you had 100ksat last week and didn't do anything with it, you'll still have exactly 100ksat today.
It has an exchange rate that fluctuates against other currencies, but how much it fluctuates depends also on what you're measuring it against.  For example, it may go up 5% against the US Dollar while only going up 4% against the Euro (which would imply that the Euro also went up against the US Dollar).  That 100ksat may have been worth $10.00 last week and worth $10.50, but at the same time was worth €9.00 last week and €9.36 now.
If you're making 'numerous transactions' then trying to measure it all in the exchange rate at the time will get very messy.  For example, if you want to calculate everything in USD, you need to know the USD value it was when you got it, the USD value at the time of every transaction, and the USD value of what you have now.  Then you can determine any kind of "win or loss" in terms of USD.
However, I'd advise against trying to do that.  Assuming you're in the US, if you took a holiday to France, changed some USD for EUR, spent some on holiday, and then changed anything left over back to USD when you went home, you could choose to look at the exchange rate at the time of each purchase and figure out how much you "really" spent vs how much you made or lost in the exchange rate difference, but realistically you'd probably just look at how much USD you started with, how much you ended with, and call that the amount that you spent, even though that's not technically 100% true.  Doing the same with your BTC is really the simplest way to get an idea, even though it's not absolutely correct.
Over longer time scales, it gets even more ridiculous to measure, because fiat currencies aren't stable value either.  They lose value over time.  $100.00 now isn't as valuable as $100.00 was ten years ago.  So if your BTC is valued at $100.00 now and $100.00 ten years from now, you've actually lost value, not stayed the same.  If it's $100.00 now and $1000.00 ten years from now, maybe you've gained but also maybe you haven't; if $1000.00 buys the same as $100.00 does now due to some nasty inflation, you've actually only broken even.
All that said, I'd question why you want to even do this in the first place.  Personally, I have no interest in holding fiat money, so all of my liquid money is held in Bitcoin.  I have no idea how much I've made or lost in euro (I live in Germany), and I also don't care.  Bitcoin is my money, not a speculative investment to increase the amount of euro I could have.  So, as you're a "newbie", I suggest you ask yourself why you got yourself Bitcoin to start with.  If the answer is anything other than "*to increase the amount of USD (or other fiat money) that I have*", you probably shouldn't even care about this calculation (and if that is your answer, I suggest you look more in to Bitcoin, as you'll learn that it's *far* more interesting and important than you've realised so far).
@_date: 2018-04-30 04:57:05
This question assumes I also have something *other* than bitcoin to spend.
Why would I hold more fiat than absolutely necessary?  It makes more sense to hold bitcoin and spend that since it's simply a better form of money in every way.
Essentially, you're looking at it the wrong way around and totally ignoring the opportunity cost.  Sure, that $2 coffee might have cost $40 worth of bitcoin at some point.  But equally, that $2 cash you spent on coffee instead *could* have been traded to bitcoin and increased to be worth $40 had you not spent it on coffee.
Either way, you wanted a coffee and made the decision to give up a certain amount of money for it.  That money - whether it be bitcoin, dollars, or something else - will change in value over time and could have been exchanged for another form of money anyway.
If you count every opportunity cost ever, then you're always losing out long term, which is a pretty pointless way to look at the world.
@_date: 2018-04-18 04:57:41
Isn't that the very definition of a "pump and dump"?  In which case, how can you possibly call it a "good alt coin"?
To me, a good alt would be one that is technically better and more interesting/useful than bitcoin.  So far, I have yet to see any despite the many claims.  I am keeping my eye on DAGs in general since I see potential, but so far still not quite enough proof/evidence of the claims.
@_date: 2018-04-20 05:26:41
Can you please define "know"?
I'd say we understand magnetism about as well as we understand most fundamental physics.  There are some base assumptions underlying them that if you question, the answer will be either, "we don't know, but we hope to find out" or "we don't know and are pretty sure it's unknowable"; however this is actually true of *literally everything*.
So unless you're willing to say that we really don't know anything at all (which is a bit of a cop-out in my book), I'd say we do know how magnetism works.
@_date: 2019-09-16 10:40:40


Really, that's just a declaration of what should be considered final, not actual finality.  Because fiat inherently doesn't exist, it simply can't have finality, it can only have agreement of acceptable finality.  There's a significant difference in my eyes.


For much longer than fiat, yes.  For physical things (like real estate), it's an unconditional yes.


Agreed, and I think it can be done as a layer over Bitcoin, not as a separate system.
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:10:22
But if you already have 16 pistons, is it safe to scale to 32?  How about 64? And so on.
If the blocksize were provably small enough that increasing it would cause no significant problems, then I don't think anyone would have argued against it.  However there were significant numbers of very clever people that did see it as a concern.
I do think the blocksize will need to be increased eventually.  But before then, there's a lot of other things we have done and can do.  So far, I personally have not had any concerns or problems caused by the blocksize (both pre-segwit and post-segwit).
@_date: 2018-04-29 08:57:40


It has been argued back and forth here so many times, but the fact is that "most of the world" are actually perfectly comfortable with SI units and find them extremely natural.  It's really only the US and a few other small holdouts that don't use them in daily life.
@_date: 2018-04-21 06:38:47
My daughter was born in 2011 and once when I tried to describe bank accounts to her, her response was "*oh, like bitcoin but someone else is looking after it?*"
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:38:04
What if you don't have fiat to spend, but do have bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:17:56
I find it interesting that most comments so far seem to be against the video as if it's somehow "dissing" bitcoin.  I actually see it as the opposite.
The guy with the gold is 100% right.  Gold is a better currency than chickens for all the reasons he describes.  It's true the merchant doesn't accept it yet, but he's the one living in the past that will find his economic system falling apart (since chickens can be bred and therefore "inflated" as a currency).
Gold on the other hand is a finite resource that requires effort to mine and makes a much more suitable currency.
Bitcoin is *way* better than gold, but the parallels between chickens-&gt;gold and fiat-&gt;bitcoin are pretty damn close.
@_date: 2018-04-21 20:20:14
Off the top of my head: Power bill, groceries, fast food delivery, coffee/cake, beer/wine/spirits.  Plus all the online stuff of course like VPNs, games, etc.
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:32:04
I do believe anyone should be able to (and can) participate in bitcoin, and I'd never even try to push through anything that would limit someone's ability to do so.
But I do really feel that if there were less people that are *only* interested in the fiat exchange value and not the fact that bitcoin provides for the very first time ever a truly peer-to-peer digital currency that actually works (and everything that entails), then progress on its development would actually be faster than it currently is.  I've seen too many smart people who could do great things for bitcoin stay away from it (and not take the steps to understand the technology, which I know would get them excited if they did) purely because of the only thing they ever see about it being how many dollars/euro/yen a bitcoin can be exchanged for and how various political events might influence that figure.  These things are boring to many (dare I say "most") tech people and make them less inclined to take the time to investigate the technology behind it.
I can't prove it, nor can I change it, so I'm not going to run around making a big fuss. However, I stand by my statement that I'm honestly glad to see those "all about the price" people leaving bitcoin (for now).
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:28:59
Why does "replacing the US dollar" have to be a goal?
For me, the goal is "having a decentralised, immutable, uncensorable currency that I can transact with in a near effortless manner".  Plus of course what this then *implies* for those running centralised currencies where people traditionally haven't had any alternative.
Everything else is just icing on the cake.
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:53:24
Despite the clear link in fiat prices of bitcoin and altcoins, the mining market isn’t that fragile. People don’t generally sell mining equipment at any kind of scale. If mining becomes temporarily unprofitable, they’ll turn some equipment off, but selling it makes no sense. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 06:17:46
"*Oh look, something is bad.  Let's not try to fix it.  Let's just ignore it and let the world go to shit around us.  Yes, that makes sense!*" ^/s
When something is broken, you try to fix it.  If you don't, you're just about as much a part of the problem as those people who broke the thing to begin with.
@_date: 2019-09-04 13:16:47
Ummm... yeah, I'm aware of that.
@_date: 2018-04-05 06:06:21
There are different schools of thought on economic theory and most have not been well tested.
What we can say with some certainty is that the current model of unlimited "controlled" inflation used in the last few decades by many western nations appears to have created both an economic boom and crippling debt simultaneously.  Whether this works out okay in the end is yet to be seen, but I'm personally pretty pessimistic about it.
There is no good example of a currency defined to be deflationary in history.  There are examples of economies that have gone through an uncontrolled deflationary action, but there's no evidence that that's an inherent property of deflationary currencies - rather just of other kinds of mismanagement of currencies intended to be inflationary.
So, while I *am not* saying that deflationary currencies are *inherently good*, I *am* saying there is no sufficient evidence that that are *inherently bad* which seems to be a disturbingly common meme around these parts.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:19:48


Any rate at all.


I wouldn't.


I don't understand the question.
@_date: 2019-09-06 13:04:46
Congratulations. You win the “most out of context quote ever” award.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:03:00


Nope.  There's a *lot* of us older hodlers still around.
@_date: 2018-04-03 09:31:58
As a New Zealander, I find it pretty ridiculous that they begin with "*cryptocurrency is property, not currency*" but then shortly after go on to say:


Hmm... something I acquire that on its own doesn't provide value but represents value so that I can exchange it for other things later. Isn't that... *a currency*?
Pretty glad I'm living somewhere with somewhat more sane laws around bitcoin at the moment.  I'll definitely be doing what I can as an NZ citizen to fight against this idiocy though.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:21:11
Nope.  Transactions propagate in seconds at most.  Often well under a second.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:24:43
Every paper bill they print devalues the other paper bills in circulation.
Let's say bitcoin is valued at a million USD.  Printing a million new dollars will not allow you to buy a bitcoin.  Instead, you've just devalued the US dollar and those million you printed will buy less than 1BTC.  If you keep repeating this, you end up in exactly the hyperinflation that was talking about.  Eventually, a loaf of bread costs thousands or millions of dollars, and a bitcoin is worth tens of billions.
@_date: 2018-04-20 05:41:55
Sure anyone can invent a new element, but that doesn't change the amount of gold there is, so it's utterly irrelevant how many other elements there are.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:47:08
You're missing the issue.
There is "Bitcoin".  This is the original.  It is commonly abbreviated as BTC.
There are many forks of Bitcoin.  Many of them use "Bitcoin &lt;xyz&gt;" in their name.  Examples are "Bitcoin Cash" (BCH), "Bitcoin Diamond" (BCD) and so on.
Calling Bitcoin (BTC) "Bitcoin Core" is wrong.  Bitcoin Core is the name of a client that operates on the Bitcoin network.  One amongst many.
This website even then goes a step further and calls BCH "Bitcoin" instead of "Bitcoin Cash".  The only effect of this is to confuse people who are not familiar with it and potentially cause them to acquire some BCH instead of BTC when that is what really wanted.
Most people don't complain about the other forks that have Bitcoin in the name because - so far - none of them have companies associated that are actively spreading this level of confusion.  Companies associated with the other forks tend to use the full fork name only and will only ever say "Bitcoin" alone when referring to the original BTC chain.
I can't speak for anyone else, but if that website would relocate to something like "bitcoincash.com" and consistently refer to BTC as "Bitcoin" and BCH as "Bitcoin Cash", I wouldn't have any negative feelings towards it. (I still wouldn't get any since I have no interest in owning worthless fork coins that don't bring anything useful to the network, but I'd simply not care about it in the same way that I don't care about any of the other forks)
@_date: 2018-04-01 11:45:59
I'm not sure the bottom can be zero within the next 40 to 50 years anyway.  It could be extremely close to zero, but as long as just TWO people worldwide continue to use it, they'll have a value assigned to it between them (somewhere around the sum of their two individual total valuations divided by 21 million).
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:40:27
People don’t mine bitcoin with GPUs. 
Plenty of other cryptocurrencies, but not bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 17:41:05
Agreed, but whether it's "accounted for" or not, when it's in the system it influences it.  Purchasing large amounts of bitcoin with "newly created" fiat is going to devalue the fiat (in relation to bitcoin at the very least; but more generally as well).  Accounting it isn't strictly necessary since it's being used.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:58:11
And as one of those greybeards who remembers the early days of the 'net, let me remind anyone reading that they wouldn't even recognise it if they've only been independently online the last couple of decades or so.  It's such a vastly different user experience that it's the "same thing" in name and underlying technology only.
Every technology tends to evolve the user experience rapidly at some point once there's a good stable base in place.  You shouldn't expect bitcoin to be any different.
@_date: 2018-04-30 04:58:10
You would use fiat... that you could have traded for bitcoin had you not spent it on whatever you just bought.  So your "loss" is the same (if you choose to look at it as a loss).
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:49:32
The statements:




Don't seem very well correlated to me.
Someone in India right now has had no restrictions placed on their use of bitcoin.  They *have* had restrictions placed on their use of their fiat currency, but that's hardly news - it seems to happen daily all over the world at the whim of people who wouldn't have a clue what real money was if they were bludgeoned over the head by a whitepaper describing it.
@_date: 2018-04-29 09:26:39
If you really want to trade bitcoin for AUD at some point in the future (i.e. "sell" your bitcoin), then Australia is really one of the easiest places for it.  You've got [Living Room of Satoshi]( which will let you deposit to any AU bank account or pay any BPAY bill using bitcoin (and several altcoins).
I don't live in Australia, but since I did live there a long time ago and really like the fees/rates on my Qantas American Express card compared to anything I can get here in Germany, I still use it when somewhere accepts American Express but not BTC and then pay it off using Living Room of Satoshi.  It makes it feel almost like having a BTC based credit card, which is nice.
Their exchange rates aren't the best you'll find, but they're reasonable enough.  I assume the difference is how they make their profit, and I'm fine with supporting them in that way.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:15:33
When you're comfortable with it, you don't care what it's for.  If someone says to me "kilo-euro", I'll immediately and without any effort understand exactly what they mean regardless of the fact that it's not generally used nor considered standard.
Here in Germany, "centilitre" is a common measurement.  In New Zealand where I grew up, we really only used millilitre as a common measurement.  So, I grew up saying things like "30ml", where it may often be expressed as "3cl" here in Germany.  There was literally zero transition time to get used to it because my brain was already totally okay with "centi" from things like "centimetre" (and of course "cent" being a hundredth of a dollar, which is something even the US is more than familiar with).
@_date: 2018-04-20 16:33:35
You might not be. And you might not even be able to imagine how others are, but I assure you that these people exist. 
That said, I won’t claim to be one.  While I do care about the technology far more than the exchange rate, I care more about the sociopolitical implications more than either of those. 
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:29:37
This has nothing to do with blockstream.
@_date: 2016-10-10 05:28:09
Silk Road for me.  I bought 70 BTC and spent something like 68 of them on the road in one purchase... oops.
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:28:16
Governments can certainly declare it illegal if they want. It’d probably influence the price a bit if we’re talking a major government. 
But in no way can they *control* bitcoin. Bitcoin will continue to work exactly as it always gas regardless of what regulations or laws are made in different jurisdictions. They can never block a transaction. They can never print more. They can never “confiscate” it. They can never change the rules of how it behaves. They can (and do) do all of these things with fiat. *That* is what we mean when we say that governments can’t control bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 07:29:45
"Regulating something" means making laws that influence what people can and can't do with that thing.
So for example, in most countries there are regulations  (often very different) around who can and can't buy, carry, create, and modify firearms.  Firearms are regulated in those countries.
Note that it doesn't matter what the regulation says.  For example, the US regulation for firearms (and the various states differences) is extremely different from that of the UK.  However in both countries, firearms are regulated.
So, when it comes to blockchains.  Yes, countries can regulate them.  They can make laws that define what you are and are not allowed to do with blockchains.
However this isn't going to have any real effect on the blockchain itself.  It will only mean that for certain people, their government will view their activities as illegal/criminal should they do something forbidden by the regulation.
Cryptocurrencies are already relatively heavily regulated in many places.  New York's "[BitLicense]( being a well known example.
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:05:55
The "tangle" (a specific DAG implementation) is definitely interesting, but also has so many complexities that until it's matured a *lot* and undergone *significant* attacks (by people much smarter than me), I don't think it's safe to say that it's a robust system.
Bitcoin is - so far - the only cryptocurrency implementation that has proven itself in the face of many different kinds of attacks and continued to thrive.
The game theory seems to work; the network seems to work; and the anti-fragility seems to work.  Until another cryptocurrency can say the same, I see no reason to consider them viable alternatives to bitcoin.
Of course there's nothing stopping a massive social campaign from making everyone fall in love with some other coin making it temporarily the "king".  But if that happens and it turns out to be flawed, then those flaws will be exposed and the coin will be destroyed.
I imagine that that scenario would cause a massive distrust in all cryptocurrency for a long time (which would crash the exchange value of them all and decrease the participation quite a lot), but bitcoin would continue to function and function well as it always has.  Over time, people may regain interest in crypto and the only system that anyone could clearly point to as *not* having the potential failure of "that other one was successfully attacked" would be bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-14 18:22:59


I think if it weren't for otherwise clever people wasting energy trying to compete with Bitcoin, we'd be a lot further along as they instead built things on top of Bitcoin.
Then again, competing standards are necessary so that after they all fail, it's clear to everyone that the concept of competing standards doesn't make sense in this case.  Otherwise, we'd just end up with it all happening later, so it's better to just get it out of the way in these early days I guess.
@_date: 2018-04-29 07:36:45
You say this like the courts have the ability to decide what is real and what isn't.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:10:49
You seem to think that bitcoin is a market for trading in order to increase your fiat currency.
This is a very backwards way of looking at it.
I currently have more BTC than I did in December. Therefore I have increased the thing that I care about.
Even if I'd kept the exact same amount of BTC, I wouldn't haven't "lost" anything since December.  I still hold the exact same amount of BTC that I did then.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:28:32
Why would it take longer?  A well set up crypto-payment terminal is really effortless.  You scan the barcode, the other side sees the payment, you take your goods, and leave.
Every coffee, ice-cream, beer, meal, and other in-person purchase I've made with bitcoin has worked this way.
@_date: 2018-04-03 09:04:38


My first acquisition of bitcoin was when it had a theoretical valuation of *lower* than that...
(I say "theoretical valuation" since it's not like there were a lot of exchanges to be generating clear and transparent data back in those days)
@_date: 2017-05-01 07:02:53
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:55:38
There's always 
@_date: 2018-04-22 13:45:07
That’s not how it works. 
Would I pay 20 million US dollars for a bitcoin? Yes, if I had that much fiat and no one were willing to give me one for less. 
Note that second part: *if no one were willing to give me one for less*. I can personally value BTC at much higher than the current trading level but even still, I’d be a fool not to take it as cheap as possible. It’s no different than if I were to offer you 1 BTC for $1. I suspect you would accept that trade but would continue to consider it worth significantly more in fiat terms.  i.e. if someone offered to buy it from you for $2, you’d probably tell them to piss off.  If you did want to trade it back to fiat, I suspect you would do so for the largest amount you could, regardless of “market price”.
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:43:50
Bitcoin’s price dropping won’t make GPU prices drop *because* bitcoin is not mined using GPUs. 
GPU prices will drop if demand for them drops. This has nothing to do with bitcoin in any way. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:57:50
I certainly agree that those are further significant negatives -  and you’re right, more so than inflation - so I will cede that point. 
But inflation shouldn’t be discounted entirely either. The effort required to breed chickens is pretty low, so you’d get to a point pretty quickly that thousands of chickens would be required for even a simple purchase. Given the size and transportation difficulties with chickens, inflation could seriously exacerbate other issues they have as a currency. 
Also, regardless of whether we’re talking inflation, durability, divisibility, or fungibility, the chicken/gold to fiat/bitcoin comparison still stands just as well. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 22:01:18
11th of August.
To be honest, I used the ISO standard date format specifically to try to avoid the confusion.  I guess it didn't work.
@_date: 2017-05-27 15:41:15
I just keep my display balances in mBTC and basically ignore everything less than 0.01mBTC.
So, the balance in my hot wallet (no, I won't tell you how much I have in cold storage other than to say "quite a lot more") currently reads 210.82 mBTC.  It feels like a much more 'natural' number.
This of course will need to change over time should the purchasing power of BTC change dramatically as I expect it to.  When 0.001mBTC actually becomes a value I care about, I'll most likely switch to using µBTC for display instead.
@_date: 2018-04-05 05:09:08
Commonly stated, but until someone can actually prove it with something better than, "*I read it in this here very clever economics book!*" I shall remain sceptical.
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:05:30


True, but we do call them "orphaned blocks of the bitcoin blockchain" and not altcoins.


You're right - I mistyped and I apologise.  Flip "legacy" and "forked" in the first sentence and then it makes sense.
@_date: 2018-04-30 17:37:13
I have fiat, but I don't have *spare* fiat.  Every bit of *disposable* income that I have goes to bitcoin.  I then spend that bitcoin on things I want or need.  I don't see how this is poor financial planning.
@_date: 2018-04-30 17:39:26
Pulling my phone out of my pocket takes about the same amount of time as pulling my wallet out.  And starting my wallet and scanning the code generally takes similar or even less time than it does to count out the right change (always paying with a note and getting change just ends up with pockets full of change).
I am speaking from real world experience here as well, not just hypothetical.
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:11:57
The exchanges require all of that because of AML (anti money laundering) and KYC (know your customer) laws.  It's not a bitcoin problem, it's a government problem.
For small amounts, I'd recommend ignoring the exchanges entirely and using something like [LocalBitcoins]( instead.  For large amounts or trading, it is worth getting properly verified with one or more exchanges.
If you are considering an exchange, two exchanges you didn't mention in your title that are generally well respected and should be readily available to you are [Poloniex]( and [Kraken](
@_date: 2017-05-30 17:50:43
Wow, that's some first class scare-mongering mixed with bullshit there.  Thanks for the laugh!
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:47:34
Everyone is allowed an opinion, however please don't fall in to the trap of thinking that opinion trumps fact.  I'm not saying you did this, but answering my list of facts with a statement about opinion is something that sets off a few alarm bells in my head.
Also please don't forget your own biases.  Working in a rehab facility you see all the negatives of drug use and few to none of the positives.  You don't see people like me, who recreationally use a range of substances responsibly in order to improve their lives. 
When I say "*improve their lives*", I really do mean it, but that can take many forms. It may be real direct self-improvement through self-examination such as my preferred way to take psychedelics; simply the much needed rest and relaxation of a night out (or in) with substances like MDMA; or (as today) amphetamine to keep me sharp and awake on an important business meeting when I'd otherwise be jetlagged to hell from having just returned to Europe from Japan.
Out of interest, why do you think the dark net markets are "not the place" for access to drugs?  If my kids one day choose to try illegal drugs, I would hope that they were obtained in the lowest risk manner possible, which at the moment is likely the dark net markets (and then correctly tested before taking them).  To be blunt, imagining my kids dealing with some hard-arse street dealer scares the crap out of me (especially my son, he's a cocky wee bastard sometimes and there's a chance he'd say the wrong thing at the wrong time).  Not just for the potential violence, but also social pressures such as being pushed in to buying things they weren't originally interested in, being expected to "try it" with/at the dealer before having a chance to test it, and the ever present risk of now being 'associated' with illegal activities by an active law enforcement operation.
@_date: 2017-05-05 09:41:28
Funny, I saw the price drop from around $1.66 to around $1.50.
Doesn't seem so bad when you look at it in mBTC now does it? (plus my mBTC holdings are a thousand times my BTC holdings)
My point being, you shouldn't look at drops in dollar values, but in percentages.  This was around a 10% drop.  Sure, it's not small, but it's not huge either (and it also recovered again surprisingly quickly).
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:15:08




Honestly, when people make statements like these, I'm glad to see  them getting themselves away from bitcoin.  If you view bitcoin as just another way to increase your holdings of fiat you have *totally missed the point* and are probably causing more harm than good to the system anyway.
So, thanks for leaving.  Please feel free to come back if and when you figure out what bitcoin is really all about.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:21:28
I have a similar experience.  When I first starting using bitcoin, I didn't really think about it all that much; but once I really *understood* it, the way that I value fiat totally changed for me.
I have a small holding of fiat in a bank account ("no more than I'm willing to lose") which is enough to keep me and my family going okay in case of disaster such as a clever mathematician proving how to break AES256 and other crypto algorithms at the same time as me losing my job (which actually could happen under that scenario since I work in the crypto space).  Other than that though, all of my money is bitcoin.
I do have a few other cryptocurrencies that I consider potentially interesting, but those are my "investments" and "gambling" (depending on how much I have faith in the crypto vs how much I think other people do) whereas bitcoin is my "real money".  Fiat is just that "other", less-trustworthy money that other people use and thankfully I can exchange my bitcoin for it quite effortlessly in those annoying cases where someone doesn't yet accept bitcoin (slowly but surely becoming less common thankfully).
@_date: 2017-05-05 12:19:33
Segwit *alone* would not help, but that's not the point of it.  Segwit is the stepping-stone that allows us to craft new and better solutions later (including a larger block size at some point).
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:40:16
Yes and no.
If it were aiming for an outcome that I don't agree with but all other things were the same, I'd probably just sell off 90% my bitcoin, oppose it, and "hope for the best" that we could recover (and if we didn't, then at least I'd cashed out and would be far better off in fiat terms than I otherwise would have been).
As it is though, I agree with the desired outcome - SegWit as soon as possible (with existing SegWit code, not some newly mashed together and untested thing like the so-called 'compromise').  I believe that this is needed urgently to cover the new demand and interest that has appeared and keep these newcomers in the bitcoin world.  Without a scaling solution (of which SegWit is a mandatory first step), these newcomers may consider Bitcoin to be far less valuable/interesting that they had thought and either leave or be much more lacklustre about it.  This wouldn't be fatal for Bitcoin by any stretch, but it would delay mass-adoption significantly since those who left might be hesitant to return even once we can scale better.
So yes, my hand is being forced to an extent, but that's no different than many other things in life.  When enough people want something, you sometimes have to pick a side whether you agree 100% with it or not.  I picked the side that I see having the lowest risk to my future prosperity.  The side that I do agree at least 75% with.
To use an analogy, if my country were invaded by another hell-bent on stealing our resources and enslaving the population, my choices would be to fight or not fight. I don't want to fight in a war, and the risks of doing so frighten me, but - except in some ridiculous edge case examples - fight I would, because the alternative of not fighting would lead to a far worse outcome for me and my family.
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:58:29
I find it interesting how you claim to know what **everyone** else thinks about bitcoin.
I don't doubt that many people are interested in bitcoin for the purpose of selling it for a higher fiat value at some point in the future.  But as it only takes a sample size of one to disprove that *everyone* is only interested in it for this reason, I can disprove that immediately by stating that I personally do not intend to do this.  I have seen many other people here claiming the exact same.
You may intend to sell your coins at $10k USD.  If you do, I'll likely be buying some of them.
@_date: 2017-05-29 12:01:14
The consensus amongst the majority of miners was *not* to activate via the existing SegWit signalling mechanism.
The consensus did not contain code or details, and therefore the implementation details could have strings attached.  Most straightforward readings of the consensus in fact immediately imply a lot of very nasty strings attached.
Therefore, COOP is a proposal that fits within the consensus statements (and so should be accepted by them) but does so in a way that is much more acceptable to many other people, such as many of those in favour of UASF BIP148 (like me).
I've only been thinking about it on and off for a few hours so far, so I can't yet say I'm definitely in favour of it, but at first glance and first few thoughts, it does seem like the best approach I've seen yet (I'm quite prepared for someone to prove me wrong on that though, and would thank them for doing so).
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:11:18
From a 'safety' standpoint, I'd also probably consider Coinbase to be more secure than a local wallet with no secure backup, however there are significantly more possibilities than just those.
Personally, I keep almost all my BTC on a Ledger Nano S kept in a moderately secure location within my home and two copies of the seed words stored in separate physical vaults in different parts of the world (it used to just be one copy stored in a physical vault in the same city that I live in, but with the amount I expect my BTC holdings to be worth one day, I decided I'd rather be even more secure).
That however is "most" of my holdings, but not all.  The rest I keep on a mobile wallet on my phone.  The seed words for this mobile wallet are kept in an encrypted file which is stored on my Google Drive.  The encryption passphrase is one that I am confident I won't forget.  It's FAR less secure than the Ledger, but still by far secure enough for the small amount of money that it protects.  This is my 'live' balance of BTC that I use for purchases and so on and is roughly the amount that I spend in a typical month.
I do run two nodes: one at home with zero balance and one at work (as a part of a 'research project') with a (very small) balance that belongs to my employer, but I wouldn't consider using either of these as a real wallet since they neither have the security of a cold-storage hardware/paper wallet nor the practicality/usefulness of a mobile wallet.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:13:11
The only way a price of zero is possible is if literally *no one* wants to buy any.  Since I do, and many others do, this price can *never happen*.
@_date: 2017-05-11 02:14:26
Unlimited ability to print money doesn't mean unlimited buying power. The more they print, the less it's worth. 
Sure, they could try and they'd certainly buy a lot of coins, but as they did, the price would be rising dramatically at the same time as the value of the dollar falling dramatically. Soon, a Big Mac would cost thousands of dollars and my Bitcoin holdings (which I didn't sell to them at any price) would be enough to buy a few small islands. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:10:12
And what makes you think it will?
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:42:09
I don't think you're quite getting what I'm saying though...
Put it this way:
1. I want to buy a car
2. I find a dealership selling the car I want for $57500, and they'll also take BTC.
3. At today's exchange rate, $57500 is 25BTC exactly.
4. If I choose to pay $57500, I simply do so.  Net result is that I'm down $57500, up 1 car, and my BTC holdings remain unaffected.
5. If I choose to pay 25BTC, I instead buy 25BTC (for $57500) first, and immediately give that to the car dealer.  End result is that I'm down $57500, up 1 car, and my BTC holdings remain unaffected.
The end result of the two choices is the same, except in  I've transacted in BTC (twice actually), so there is more activity in the bitcoin economy.  Keep in mind that **either way** I wanted to buy the car, and so those 25BTC changing in value has no meaning.
The only way it could have meaning would be if I were to forgo buying the car in favour of buying more BTC.  If I were to do that, you could say it about ANY purchase I make in my life regardless of what currency I do it in.  "Did I really **need** that new shirt?  I could've put it in BTC", and so on.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:33:10
I'm holding.
Even if this is the start of a large correction, we've seen it before and we'll see it again.  It'll rise well past here in the future.
The main reason I hold rather than sell and then re-buy is simply that it also might NOT be the start of a large correction and then selling would cause some pretty large regrets that I'm not willing to risk.
For you: It's your money though - feel free to gamble it however you like!  You might end up better off than my strategy, or you might end up worse.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:18:58
I don't believe there is a simple unbiased source of information.  The only way to get an unbiased view would be to research in depth:
1. the entire bitcoin codebase and code of the proposals where available (to really appreciate the impacts of each scaling solution on the code)
2. the history of the bitcoin network so far so that you can see how other activities have impacted it and in what ways
2. game theory: especially in terms of the behaviour of the different parties involved such as the miners, nodes, exchanges, and so on in different scenarios
3. economic theory: to temper/adjust the results you get from the game theory analysis
I don't think it's realistic to be an expert in all of these things and even then, there might be knowledge that is necessary but missing (as I'm certainly no expert in these things, quite likely there are unknown unknowns from my side as well).
Instead, I'd suggest reading the biased information on both sides with a critical eye and as much of the above four topics as is reasonable/comfortable/possible for you and trying to make your own mind up from that.
@_date: 2017-05-04 05:14:42
Right now, I use it to:
- Pay my [power bill](
- Order my [nutritionally complete food](
- Get games on Steam from time to time
- Once every so often grab something from the darknet markets
There are a couple of cafes and bars around town that take bitcoin, but to be honest, I don't actually go to cafes and bars that often, so it's been well over a year since I made a transaction at one of those.
I've been considering using it for buying other [groceries online]( but haven't yet done so mostly because Edeka is kind of expensive and there's a different supermarket in between my office and my home that I usually just use to grab stuff on the way home from work.
I'm also hoping that [purse.io]( starts supporting Germany eventually since my wife especially buys a lot of stuff on Amazon, so it'd be good to replace that.
@_date: 2017-05-10 01:43:25
If 1BTC = $1000000, then 1μBTC = $1.00.  A 1% fall is a 1c fall in μBTC.
Basically, stop thinking in terms of units - they're meaningless.
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:44:58
No.  Blockstream is a company that happens to employ some of the 'core' developers, but they by no means have control over the code.
They have even less influence over the network, which ultimately is controlled by the users choosing which code to run (in this case, I mean those who choose to run full nodes or mining; both of which are the types of users who are likely to be making a conscious choice in the matter rather than just grabbing the first full node software they find).
So even if someone were to somehow argue that Blockstream's employees control the code of the core client (which again - emphatically - they don't), it doesn't mean they control what goes on on the network.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:33:56
Whether you agree with it or not, UASF can't be termed an altcoin since it is using the bitcoin blockchain.  The blockchain forks all the time (and almost immediately repairs itself, which is why you don't see it).
Since UASF is a soft-fork, it will remain compatible with the rest of the chain at all times (that is, all transactions on the ~~legacy~~ *forked* chain are valid for the ~~forked chain~~ *legacy nodes*).  Since it has tighter rules than the legacy chain (definition of soft-fork), the legacy chain may contain transactions that are not valid on the forked chain.
This means that even if the two chains diverged significantly for a long time, the legacy chain is *always* at risk of one day being reorganised in to the forked chain with its transactions being lost.  The only way to definitively avoid this risk permanently is hard-forking (at which point, are you sure you wouldn't call *that one* the altcoin?)
Of course, if support/activity on the forked chain is very low, it could be that the risk of the legacy chain being reorganised in to the fork is low enough to ignore.  That's absolutely okay though, since that means that the UASF never had enough support to be something we should have done.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:53:52
I mostly live on soylent-like products (mostly Joylent), so I'll pass on eating the pizza myself, but I do have a plan that when 2BTC can buy 10000 pizzas (i.e. the reverse of 10000BTC for 2 pizzas), I'm giving away 5000 pizzas (approx 1BTC) over at Since pizzas vary in price depending on toppings, region of the world, pizza provider and so on, I'm going for an estimate of $25 USD per pizza, meaning I'll be spending that 1BTC when it hits $125000 USD.  If it happens close enough to the 22nd of May of whatever year it is, I might also wait until that date for extra meaning.
I'd love to hear of others who are willing to do the same - we could make it a coordinated effort and really make headlines.
@_date: 2017-05-02 23:36:19
Not only is it not really possible to count them, it's even pretty hard to define.
I spend quite a lot of BTC, but I also replenish my BTC from fiat whenever I do (usually a little more, and often before the spend).  If I didn't spend the BTC, I would've just spent the fiat directly on the goods/services and wouldn't have used it to buy BTC.  I don't speculate or trade.  I do own some altcoins, but they're pure hodling on the chance that they actually end up being worth something one day, but I neither spend them nor increase my hodlings of them.
So, from one perspective, I'm not a hodler since I do spend my BTC; but from another perspective, I am a hodler since my total BTC hodlings are either constant or increasing, never decreasing.
@_date: 2018-04-18 05:55:28
Almost nothing you say is wrong, however also none of it invalidates a single thing I said.
Yes, some coins appreciate faster and you can trade in and out of them to increase your holdings of currencies you want to have (whether that be BTC, USD, or whatever else).  This is **pumping** (buying in, increasing the price) and **dumping** (selling out again, getting what you really want).  Therefore what you're describing *is the very definition* of pump and dump whether you like that term or not.
Regarding my second comment about the technology.  You're right that there are coins that have some desirable properties that BTC doesn't.  They also have some very undesirable properties that BTC doesn't.  For me, the phrase "the technology must be better" implies not only some new advantages, but that either those advantages significantly outweigh any new disadvantages (at best, no new disadvantages).  Such a alt-coin does not yet exist in my opinion.
I do not believe BTC is only limited to being a store of value.  I use it regularly as my secondary currency (behind EUR) and expect that as Lightning usage continues to increase, I'll use it significantly more, potentially even to the point where it is my primary currency.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:27:47
I paid somewhere around 60BTC for some LSD on Silk Road once upon a time... the 'dust' from that was probably somewhere between 1 and 2 BTC.
But, in the end, the total amount I've spent (in fiat equivalent BTC at time of purchase) on drugs on the DNMs is less than I've gained from the ever increasing value of BTC, so in a way, you could say that all the drugs I've taken over the last 5 or so years have been free...
@_date: 2017-05-29 05:26:13
It was quite simply a "line drawn in the sand".  It has some thought behind it, but essentially it is an arbitrary date collectively agreed on by those interested in going ahead with it.
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:47:00
Sure, but if you tell someone to wait until it goes under 1k and it never does, your advice is essentially screwing them over by giving them an expectation of something that may not happen.
Personally, I don't think this downward trend will continue significantly further.  It will probably keep going down for a little, but I doubt very much we'll go below $1500 or so.  I could be very wrong, so I won't suggest anyone actually make decisions based on this, but it is my own rough estimate.
Meanwhile, I do believe that it will with **near** certainty go well over $5000 at some point within the next couple of years (may be quite soon, may take a little longer) and then to **much** higher values in the longer term.  Therefore regardless of whether someone buys now or waits for further downward movement (which again: might or might not happen), their longer term outlook is very positive (if I'm right).
@_date: 2017-05-21 06:07:28


That depends where in Europe... Both country and language can affect which symbols you use for thousands separators (. , ' and a halfwidth space are common), decimal separators (. and , are common) and currency symbol position (generally before or after the complete value, but I've also seen it used in place of the decimal separator).
@_date: 2017-05-01 07:46:03
Telling someone to "look up his videos" isn't helpful.  There are a lot and no one realistically has the time to watch all of them to find one nugget of information you're referring to.
If you wish to show evidence, point to the video and timestamp.  If you don't have one, you could rephrase your answer as, "*I believe I saw a video where he said this, but I don't have a link*" or similar.
This is the difference between a statement of belief vs a statement of fact.  If I say, "*I believe the moon is made of cheese*" then my statement is about what I believe.  You can present evidence against my belief, but my statement (unless I was lying) was true because my statement was only about my belief, not the substance of the moon.  If however I said, "*The moon is made of cheese*" then my statement is a statement of fact.  You would be right to demand evidence of this if you disagree and may even choose to present evidence to the contrary, but in this instance, the burden of proof is on me if you question it.
Note that the started his statement with "*I don't think*", which is a statement of belief, unlike your statement of fact, so the burden of proof is on you.
@_date: 2017-05-01 06:25:57
Not everyone has political views that are as black and white left wing/right wing as you imply.
I for example consider myself generally left-leaning even towards thinking of ideal socialism as a positive, but am nevertheless strongly in favour of personal liberty and responsibility for all matters unrelated to the collective/society.
I believe strongly that taxes are a necessary thing in order to maintain a civil society where large groups of people can live together in relative peace.  I even absolutely support it in the form of taking money from hard working folks such as myself and distributing it to those who do not work.  It is my view (and experience) that if we didn't, criminality would be much higher and I'd have to deal with a lot more homeless people on the streets begging (having lived in places with both high and low taxes, this distinction is quite clear).  Of course, this needs to be nuanced - if you give too much or make it too easy for those who don't work, it increases the number of people who will 'freeload' and cause economic depression.  It should therefore be "okay", but not "good" to live off the state.
I am also strongly against the idea that as a parent, I have complete control over my children's lives.  I am not qualified or able to educate my children myself in a manner that is suitable for them to be well-rounded, free-thinking, intelligent, capable members of modern society, and for that reason, I do not believe I should be allowed to home-school them (and where I live, I'm not).  Nor should I be allowed to make serious medical decisions such as choosing to not have them vaccinated or to not provide medication when they are seriously ill.  Basically, I am not the "owner" of my kids, I am their father and I have a duty to protect them, help raise them, and love them, but they are their own people with their own rights that trump my own wishes.  Until they are old enough to make decisions for their own lives, we have a set of rules in place as a society as to how best to protect and nurture them.  These rules may at times conflict with my wishes, but since they apply to all kids, I can be secure in the knowledge that they apply just as much to that deadbeat arsehole who would otherwise be raising a new set of deadbeat arseholes for the next generation.
On the other side of the coin though, I am strongly against the idea of the government having any say in what I do when it is none of their business.  I do not like that the country I live in requires that I register my address with the government.  Nor do I like the drug regulation in most of the world.  If I want to drop acid and enjoy altered states of consciousness, it doesn't harm anyone other than me.  If I become a were to become a heroin addict (unlikely, I don't really like opiates), that's a medical issue that should be dealt with by the medical system, not by throwing me in prison.  If I commit crimes to get money for my heroin addiction, then I can be punished for committing those crimes.  We don't legally distinguish between someone who steals to get himself a new TV vs someone who steals to feed his family, so why should we treat people who steal for drugs any differently?
I am a supporter of bitcoin not because I believe I should be exempt from the government taking my money, but because I believe in fairness and individual liberty within the shared society.  Bitcoin can't be manipulated and controlled (note that while in its infancy, the fiat exchange rates for it can be, but that's another story) and no one can suddenly choose to "freeze my accounts" or do things with my money that I don't want them to do.  My money is mine, and yours is yours.  I'll still ask that the government (acting on behalf of the society as a whole) come and demand some of it from you for the betterment of the society that we share, but I want you to have the keys to actually hand it over to them, since that way if they ever overstep their bounds and start acting against the greater will of society, we have the power and ability to say no.
While I support the taking of taxes, I do not always support how they are used.  On the balance, I'd rather they waste some on things the people don't really want than not take any at all, but if they start using tax money for things that everyone is against, we need the ability to stop them from doing so.  We also need the ability to continuously evolve our governments so that waste is reduced and taxes are only put towards those things that truly do benefit us all in a way that we collectively consider to be the best choice for a happy and prosperous life for us and the generations that follow.  When I see governments wasting tax money (which they all do, on massive scales) I don't call for less taxes, I call for political reform.  If the consequence of that political reform is lower taxes, great, but not at the expense of things the tax money needs to be spent on.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:48:45
Honestly, that doesn't matter.  Yes, it'd be nice not to give that little toad any more money, but there is at least a little sweet justice in using his hardware to fight against his monopoly.
I very much doubt he makes even a noticeable amount on the hardware sales compared to his mining profits.
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:37:32
I just buy back the BTC either immediately after I spend it or even before I do.  It's functionally the same as spending the fiat, except that it helps stimulate the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:17:37
$50 move on a price of around $1500 is 3.33%.  The price of a coffee in a typical cafe near me is somewhere around $3.50 (actually, the cafes around me charge in Euro, but that's a reasonable estimated equivalent).  3.33% of $3.50 is around ten and a half cents.  If I were to lose out on that, I wouldn't really mind.
That said, the times I do use bitcoin for such low value purchases (seldom), I tend to just grab another hundred Euro worth in advance and spend out of that.
@_date: 2017-05-01 08:04:31
I think this is one of the (several) strong arguments for greater decentralisation of mining.
Thankfully, UASF is a 'thing' and even if it doesn't get used under the current situation, if - for example - the Chinese government were to (clearly) take over all Chinese mining operations and start acting against the interests of the worldwide Bitcoin network, we've got it up our sleeves and could certainly use it.
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:50:59
It's more a case that you spend in BTC what you would have spent in fiat otherwise (since it's good for the BTC economy) and replace/extend your BTC holdings from the fiat that you now did not spend.  The end result is the same in your pocket/wallet, but you've added activity to the BTC economy that otherwise wouldn't have been there.
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:40:45
There are ways that bolding can be used.  Personally, I use it where I would add stress to a spoken sentence.  That is, the difference between:
**Now** is the time to eat hotdogs.  ^as ^opposed ^to ^some ^other ^time.  
vs  
Now is the time to eat **hotdogs**. ^as ^opposed ^to ^eating ^something ^else.  
vs  
Now is the time to **eat** hotdogs. ^as ^opposed ^to ^doing ^other ^things ^with ^the ^hotdogs.
Bolding for highlighting important sentences is also a valid thing to do, and I have nothing against it, but it reduces the point of having a TL;DR at the end.  Essentially I want someone to either read the whole thing or the TL;DR, not just a few sentences out of the body.  Especially with this topic, it's difficult to say what are the relevant points to different people, so highlighting individual sentences may be counterproductive to some readers as I skip the ones important to them in my attempt to highlight the ones important to others.
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:20:58
If you bought at $26, then your fiat profit is either $1274 when selling at $1300 or $1374 when selling at $1400.  One is a 49.0x increase in your investment and the other is 52.8x times increase.
If it dropped to $13 and you were crazy enough to sell, you lost 50%, and if it went to $14 and you sold, you lost 46%.
Whether you're looking at the "up" or the "down", the difference between the two is minor either way, again showing that $13 to $14 and $1300 to $1400 are basically the same.
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:18:26
I believe quite a few do.
Personally, I've only donated BTC to [MAPS]( but I'm sure with a Google search of whatever kind of charity you want to support plus the words "donate" and "bitcoin", you'll likely find something.
For example, if you were looking for a charity that helps kids in need, [this search]( gave me [this link](
@_date: 2017-05-29 08:06:58
While I consider the 2MB hardfork to be an unnecessary extra, this proposal is definitely one I could accept given my understanding is correct that it incorporates BIP148 to the extent that if the rest of it were to not go ahead, BIP148 would still be in effect. (essentially my objection to 2MB hardfork proposals thus far has been that they could stall or block proper SegWit activation unnecessarily)
It's worth noting though that this is a proposal to fulfil the compromise and is not (yet) accepted by those who signed the compromise agreement (or anyone else either) to the best of my knowledge.  If my reading/understanding of it is correct, I would certainly hope that it does get accepted though.
What I'm not so sure about - entirely through my own lack of a very deep understanding of the code/network behaviour - is the interplay between the two different bits being signalled and how it looks at different points in time (e.g. how an existing bit 1 signalling SegWit implementation that knows nothing of bit 4 and this would "play together" now, after 'go' but before November, and after November).
At first glance, it seems like it should be fine, but I would love to hear from anyone with a deeper technical understanding about their thoughts on the pros and cons of this.  Hopefully there will be some responses to and discussions about the proposal on the mailing list over the coming days.  I'll definitely be watching.
@_date: 2017-05-09 10:47:24
Good to know, but since I have plenty of yen and plenty of BTC, I don't see any need to exchange any in either direction at this point.  More interested in actually *using* it.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:02:07
Your definition of 'substantial' might be different to mine.  I would say there has been a total of ONE substantial crash in bitcoin history and it was caused by MtGox.  There's been a few downticks in the otherwise near constant rise since then (with the longest being periods of around 1 month or so), but nothing that I'd consider substantial.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:10:44
You are under the mistaken impression that there is a "current developer team" that is in control of bitcoin.  By design, there is **no one** in control of bitcoin, because if there were, we'd be at their mercy, and we couldn't trust the value of the currency.  They'd be able to change anything they like.
Anyone can write any code they like that communicates with the bitcoin network in any way they like.  If however that communication breaks the rules that exist in the code that everyone else is running, they will ignore/stop your communication from having an influence on the rest of the network.  The only way to change these rules is to get the majority of people to run code that changes these rules.  Who writes that code is totally irrelevant and could be anyone - what matters is whether the majority run it or not.
@_date: 2018-04-01 06:21:00
I wholeheartedly agree that if you care about something you should take action on that thing.  However I don't think it's necessarily true that taking no action means you don't care.  It could simply be that you aren't able to take action at this point in time, or that conflicting things you care about (possibly more) are taking priority of your limited resources.
That said, it *is* possible to take action in the bitcoin world with neither financial investment nor code.  Simply clearing up misconceptions about the system (like when someone says "it's just a file, so anyone can copy it and make more money") does a great deal positive for it.
Action is a result of caring, not a vice-versa.  If you only said you "care" about things you're taking action on, then why did you choose to take action on that thing to begin with?
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:35:25
Completely agree on all counts.
@_date: 2017-05-04 06:17:41
Personally I'd say that until you've got enough that you don't mind the cost of a hardware wallet, you probably don't have enough to consider your phone to be too insecure.  A mobile wallet like Breadwallet, Mycelium, AirBitz or similar (disclaimer: I personally only have significant experience with Breadwallet) with a recovery phrase written down on paper and stored somewhere safe is generally fine for securing small-ish amounts of coins.
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:06:06
That's totally your choice, but my advice is never to trust someone else when its not necessary to do so.
Do I think they'd do their best to do right by you and their other customers?  Yes, it's good business sense to keep customers happy.  But do I think there is at least a chance that they won't (regardless of the cause)?  Also yes: there are many possible situations that "outside of their control" they could lose your money or otherwise do things that are against your best interests.
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:38:53
I don't know blockchain wallets enough to answer that, I've never used them.  Assuming their wallet is just like any other online wallet where you don't have full control over the keys, then my advice still stands to get them off the wallet and store them somewhere safe instead.
@_date: 2017-07-14 09:47:30
First for Austria, sure. 
I've been paying my power bill in Hannover, Germany using bitcoin for around a half a year now. 
@_date: 2017-05-05 09:02:07
$70 a month?  Where on earth do you get that figure?  
It's at least 5 times that in most developed countries and significantly more if you're doing things like paying extra for a good education, entertainment, and so on.
But anyone who decides not to have kids because "they cost too much" (note that that's different to "I can't afford to give them a good life") shouldn't be having kids anyway and made the right choice.  If I could make some kind of magical wish to trade my kids for any life of my choosing with any amount of money but not have kids, I wouldn't take it.
@_date: 2017-05-28 18:02:56
Before asking the same question that someone else asked an hour ago, please check the comments.
[Here]( is my answer.
@_date: 2017-05-02 17:50:20
Sure we did, and they sucked... but if that's the only thing you read in my reasonably long comment, there's probably not much point repeating myself or trying to explain further. 
@_date: 2018-04-22 12:19:03
This looks like a good use case for an upgrade to “ifpaytt”. 
Despite being around longer than 3 years, I somehow missed any earlier posts about this. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 09:43:44
While its true that currently the dark net markets mostly use bitcoin and there's also not insignificant use of bitcoin in other black market trades, I wouldn't rely on those too much.  Essentially, all they need is some way to conduct trade in a peer-to-peer manner over the internet with little to no traceability.  There are other cryptocurrencies that can also fill this need and arguably some are even better at it than bitcoin (whether or not they have any of the other properties that make bitcoin what it is).
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:37:18
Given the caveats cited above, no, you don't need to do anything.
If a hardfork occurs in the future, you will have a decision to make about what software to run and therefore which chain you'll be on, but until people start talking about that, you only need to keep on hodling.
@_date: 2017-05-29 08:41:29
I like the idea.  I do share the same concerns that mentioned about frauds/scams to an extent, but unlike his comment, I don't think it's an insurmountable problem that would doom the project to failure.
I don't see anything yet on the page (or maybe I just missed it) about returning of funds for projects that don't meet their funding goals.  I imagine acting as an escrow with multisig should allow this kind of thing easily as long as the appropriate thought/security is put in to the implementation.
Somewhat related to this (but not helped by the above multisig) is how anyone can know you're actually not just going to take their bitcoin donated to this first project and run away with it.  I tend to have faith in people, so I'm working on the assumption that you won't do so, but the fact is that it would be extremely easy for you to do so and you'll probably get much more funding if you can somehow reduce this concern for potential contributors.
@_date: 2017-05-08 21:56:40
@_date: 2017-05-08 22:08:29
Well, thank you kind sir :)
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:20:18
My wife knows how to access my bitcoins should anything unexpected happen to me.  The seed words for regenerating my private key are stored in a physical safe that she has access to.
If both my wife and I were to die simultaneously (such as a fatal car crash or similar), I imagine the safe would be cracked eventually and I hope that the instructions inside saying that I leave my bitcoins to my children or other nearest living relative would be honoured.
If the safe were to remain closed or otherwise have its contents destroyed without being opened, the bitcoin would be lost forever, making every other bitcoin in existence just a tiny bit more valuable.
I do not believe that there should be a technical solution for this beyond the existing possibilities such as multisignature addresses and so on.  If I choose to lose/"destroy" my bitcoin forever, that should be my right to do so.  Any attempt to allow for "recovery" of "lost" coins would introduce a security flaw to the system far too large to ignore.
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:25:38
At £2 per mBTC?  Definitely still a bargain.
Throw a few bob at it and when it hits £2000/mBTC, you'll be laughing.
@_date: 2017-05-29 16:24:17
The only reason it's volatile is the low number of users.  When a few tens of million dollars being bought or sold is visible in the price charts, it's only natural that its volatile.  If a large number of people were to start using it (scaling issues put to the side for the moment), the volatility would decrease drastically.
As for "*no one over 45 understands*", believe me when I say that most of the greybeard software developers and greybeard economists have a better grasp on it than the vast majority of young hipsters that are in to bitcoin because it's 'cool'.
It won't just be a case of one day to the next a bunch of old banksters suddenly decide to start using it, but instead a slow growth right up until 'critical mass' at which point mass adoption becomes inevitable.
There is an alternative scenario in which the entire ecosystem slowly disappears and it becomes an obscure bit of weird history that only a few people are still in to; but that honestly seems far less likely to me given how far it has come now.
The only way I see bitcoin disappearing entirely without making big waves is a critical issue on the network or protocol itself.  I'm reasonably confident the protocol is fine at the moment, but I do see serious risks ahead if some actors involved are able to engineer their way in to centralising control to the point that they can attack the network and change things at will (at which point, the coin is no longer trustable and becomes worthless).  If this were to happen though, I'd start looking towards altcoins.  Right now, I consider them interesting side projects and a potential "get rich quick" gamble for some people (not my game though), but if bitcoin were to fail, I would still have faith in the general concept of cryptocurrency and would try to find one with properties that I believe would be resilient to whatever it was that brought bitcoin down.
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:56:12
The core developers have code that they believe solves the issue.  Not everyone wants to run it.  There are also other groups of developers who have code that they believe solves the issue.  Not everyone wants to run that either.  Until there is sufficient agreement about which way to solve the issue, nothing changes.
There is an active movement right now to create a "user activated soft fork" (UASF) which essentially forks off a part of the network in a way that it can be very risky for others not to follow along if there is sufficient size/power in the split.  This would force "agreement" about how to solve the issue by getting people who might not have 'agreed' to the situation in principle to do so anyway or risk economic harm.
It's a bold and scary move, and I am not without my reservations about it, but I believe it's the best way forward out of the stalemate we're in and therefore am throwing my economic and moral support behind it.  It will happen on the 1st of August and shortly afterwards, we should see either that everyone has adopted the fix, or we've got a new chain with the fix and another one that doesn't.  Your coins will exist on both chains, so you can choose whether you use the chain that continues to have issues, or the chain that doesn't.  If enough people make the rational choice here and use the chain without the issues, the old chain that doesn't would eventually be reorganised in to the new one, essentially making it the new "only" chain.
For more details, see  and [this post]( I just wrote earlier today.
@_date: 2017-05-14 06:09:35
Sure, what do you want on them?
@_date: 2017-05-29 08:58:16
Even if all the whales cashed-out at once, it wouldn't kill bitcoin.  It would *severely* drop the price and there'd probably be a long period of extreme scepticism that would keep it low for a long time.  But since it wouldn't change anything about the fundamental system itself, I would expect it to come up again after a couple of years with that wealth redistributed amongst the people who stuck with it (and quite a lot lost forever by those who bought the sale and then left thinking bitcoin was 'dead').
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:10:46
Your guess is correct.  They will remain on the paper wallet until used.
During any period of uncertainty about the results of UASF (may be hours; may be days), it might be wise not to perform any transactions if you aren't completely sure about the implications of doing so (of course, if you are aware, then please do so, and support UASF to resolve it faster).
@_date: 2017-05-05 13:45:08
If segwit **only** provided an increase in effective size, there'd be little to no point to it.  Simple increases in blocksize (whether through increased capacity or just making bigger blocks) are not sufficient.
What segwit does it that it enables other technologies to be built more easily/effectively/safely that will allow for a larger number of transactions to take place without filling blocks up.
The most notable of these (but far from the only) is Lightning, which is a technology for 'off-chain' transactions, effectively allowing bitcoins transactions to happen without being written to the main blockchain until the 'channel' is closed.  This means that a very large number of transactions can take place for the 'cost' (on the blockchain) of only a few.
One of the best things about this is that it hugely increases the value of then increasing the blocksize later.  With the current blocksize and Lightning, we still can't scale to the level of transactions that would take place if bitcoin were common currency, but every blocksize increase after that will allow for enormous numbers of additional transactions rather than only 'some' more.
So, the long term roadmap should be something like:
1. Segwit
2. Lightning
3. Increases in blocksize as needed
Of course, there'd also likely be other steps between these as there are a lot of other interesting technologies (already-developed, conceived-but-not-yet-developed, and not-yet-conceived) that may even further improve things.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:52:17
And that's one of the dumbest mistakes I see: bitcoin is **not a stock**.
If you're going to treat it like anything that currently exists, it's most like a precious metal or a foreign currency; but even those are only approximations.
The problem with your reasoning is that you seem to consider your local fiat value to be the defacto standard.  That is, if you use USD and bitcoin's exchange rate goes down by $100 USD per BTC, you'll view it as BTC losing value.  For a stock, this makes sense, since stocks ARE denominated in a currency.  Other currencies however are trickier.  While you can certainly compare how they relate to each other and definitely see things going up and down, there is no single standard you can pin it all against as a base.  To me, 1 BTC is valued at 1 BTC.  The exchange rates fluctuate pretty wildly right now, but to consider the exchange rate to your local currency to be its absolute value is just misguided.
(and before you say that a lot of people treat all foreign currencies this way; yes, they do, and it's equally as wrong then as well)
@_date: 2017-05-26 05:08:47
"Large" is difficult to define though.
This is definitely the **longest** (number of consecutive days), but to me, the run of 41% in 6 days is somewhat "larger" than this 41% in 11 days; and the run of 70% in 9 days even more so.
@_date: 2017-05-01 06:55:07
But **HAVE** people missed the bitcoin boom?
It's possible it won't go any higher than it currently is, but I personally don't see any reasonable outcomes of this kind of technology other than $0 or $verylargenumber.
I agree with those saying that it's still *very* cheap right now.  The vast majority of people haven't even heard of bitcoin and the majority of those who have have never looked in to it enough to consider getting some but may be open to doing so once they start hearing more about it and their interest gets piqued.
Less than $1.50 for one mBTC? Grab yourself a hundred mBTC for under $150, and maybe one day a single mBTC will be enough to buy a nice house.  Maybe not as well, but if it's a gamble you can afford to lose, it's definitely a gamble I'd recommend taking.
@_date: 2017-05-29 09:27:05
There are those of us however who don't see it as gambling *or* investing.  Those of us for whom 'profit' isn't the primary goal or motivation of putting our time, energy, and finances in to this.
I am not holding bitcoin with the plan of selling them one day for a large amount of fiat.  I am holding bitcoin with the hope/dream that it is a system that will fundamentally redefine the way the world treats money and allows everyone to truly be in control of their own finances rather than having it manipulated by governments and central banks.
Should that ever happen, then my bitcoin holdings do of course make me extraordinarily wealthy and I can't say I don't care about that, but it really is secondary.  There is definitely no price/exchange rate at which I'll sell off *all* my bitcoin for fiat currency.
To be fair however, there are price points (much much higher than the current) and time points where I may sell off a little to give a big boost to the quality of life that my family experiences; as I want them to have the best life I can give them and this may mean sacrificing greater future value for earlier improvements.  Education being one of these - if bitcoin takes over 12 more years to get where I'd like it to be, then I may want/need to sell off a little of my holdings to get my eldest child a better post-secondary education (and 3 years after that, my second child).  Even for this though, I wouldn't sacrifice my complete holdings.
The way I see it, the coins will either be worth near zero due to bitcoin having failed, or be worth *vastly* more than today.  If they're near zero, then selling them for fiat isn't going to help, so there's no reason not to keep holding them.  If they're worth huge amounts, then selling off one or two (I have a lot more than that) to give my kids a world class education is a sacrifice I'm happy to make regardless of what happens after that.
@_date: 2017-05-09 05:49:22
Directly, none.  But by using bitcoin, it encourages people to see it as a viable and useful thing, and it's "doing my part" - however small - to increase adoption and therefore value.
@_date: 2017-05-05 09:12:14
You can only know that looking back.  There is no way to know if the current "surge" is over or not.  It may keep going up and then go down to some value higher than the current value.
There was a small downwards movement less than 1 day ago.  Maybe that was the only fall it's going to do before the next surge.  Or maybe this current upwards trend again is going to be followed by a larger fall.
Quite simply you **do not know**.  Choosing to wait is just as much a gamble as buying it right now.
If someone believes that the long term trend is to go up, then I'd say they should buy at any price.  If it falls for a bit, then yes, they could've got them cheaper than they did, but they couldn't have known and either way their long term prospects are positive (assuming they're right in the belief that the long-term trend is upwards).
@_date: 2017-05-04 06:12:09
From your username, are you German?  If so, don't you immediately think "moins" sounds a bit wrong/silly for a currency unit?
@_date: 2017-05-05 10:01:36
Honestly, I think if it's not easy for them to understand that you can buy fractions of a bitcoin, my advice to them would be not to invest in it (or anything else) at all.  It's such a fundamental basic of the system that not being able to grasp this easily would imply to me that they're not going to understand basics of anything else around the investment either and will most likely end up worse off if they try.
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:56:01
I don't see how the volatility makes a difference if I'm replenishing my bitcoin either before or at the same time as I'm making the purchase with it.  Sure, if I waited some time before doing so it'd be an issue, but I explicitly do *not* do that.
As for British Pounds, that was probably a bad example.  I live in Germany and regularly travel to London, so am pretty familiar with the changing exchange rate between EUR&lt;&gt;GBP over time, and especially last year it felt crazier than bitcoin for a while!
@_date: 2017-05-28 16:35:22
That is one side of the story.  [There are others](
I personally do not feel I have enough knowledge to back either side of the story without more evidence.
The only thing I can say for certain is that I believe his punishment to be extraordinarily excessive for whatever crimes he may have committed and most definitely for the crimes he was actually convicted of.
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:47:55
The physical uses of gold do exist yes, but they nowhere near justify the price that we pay for it.
In the same way, there are 'direct' uses of bitcoin as well, such as timestamping things on an immutable ledger to prove authenticity/originality.
I don't think bitcoin's value should be tied to this use, just as gold isn't tied to its uses.  Both have 'direct value' in their uses, but both also have 'rareness value' due to their limited nature.  You can't just go and create more gold out of something else (or at least, not easily/realistically) nor can you go and create more bitcoin on a whim.  This limited supply makes them ideal for a token that *represents* value, giving them an inherent value external to their more obvious direct uses.
@_date: 2017-05-29 08:47:19
And as a user (who is running a UASF node right now), I'm very interested in this "COOP" proposal.  I want to see some good technical discussion on it to figure out if there are any hidden traps, but right now it looks like it's a **real** compromise.
It is compatible with the existing UASF, so SegWit **will** activate (and with an even lower risk than before), and meets the demands of those pushing for a 2MB hard-fork without sacrificing many of the properties that other big-block proposals have sacrificed.
I'm not willing to stand behind this until I understand it better, but it's *definitely* worth investigating and reading more about rather than dismissing it out of hand.
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:33:49
By "*committee*" you of course mean "*a small group of fairly random people that have no special authority*".  And by "*resist it and do something different*" you of course mean "*believe that the proposal is both dangerous and stupid on all levels*".
It's important to note that the BIP148 UASF was planned **before** this 'consensus' and is not a reaction to it, but rather a reaction to the ongoing stalemate and inability to get SegWit activated through normal means.
It's equally important to note that if the agreement by that 'committee' had included activating SegWit **as is**, it would likely have significantly more support.  However the proposal they made is a different implementation of SegWit that would require significant amounts of code to be newly created (and not enough time to be tested) and then have users upgrade their software accordingly.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:03:19
The problem here is that you say "something so simple" when in reality is isn't.  It's a core property of bitcoin itself and most people involved expected it would have been handled by various possible solutions by now, but - as I said in my other reply to you - there is a lot of somewhat unexpected disagreement about the best solution to solve it, leading us to a stalemate where the rules of the network don't change and therefore this issue appears now that there is a much larger level of adoption than 2 years ago (when you didn't pay such high fees).
Also as I said in my other reply, the UASF is an attempt to break this stalemate and is going ahead on the 1st of August.  Whether it succeeds or fails, you can't say we didn't try.
@_date: 2018-04-26 08:46:40
Why do you think ASICs make bitcoin more centralised?
I agree that ASICs *did* reduce bitcoin's decentralisation for a while, but I don't see any reason why that trend would even continue let alone increase.
I expect that by the mid 2020s, there'll be no single miner with more than 10% of the world's hash rate.
@_date: 2017-07-30 15:34:31
Nor does being a woman...
@_date: 2017-05-02 01:17:53
I'm not sure that's necessarily true, since that would imply bitcoin as the **only** currency.
I think there is a higher chance that bitcoin to be very successful, but still stabilise at a point where it's sharing the space with other currencies (e.g. altcoins acting as sidechains).  In that case $verylargenumber is less than one twenty-one-millionth of the world currency, but is still nevertheless very very large.
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:40:50
Can you define "compatible" and clarify for me?  I don't see how SegWit activation on bit4 can possibly be compatible with SegWit activation on bit1.
I'm happy to edit my post accordingly though if you can provide some information to enlighten me.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:24:47
No, that's a different argument.  That's what the situation would be had he NOT bought yesterday.
The situation you raised was how it would be if he **did** buy yesterday, so that is what I responded to.  The two possible actions I posited were "sell" and "not sell".  "Sell" puts him in a worse position than he was in.  "Not sell" leaves him exactly where he was.  (there's also of course various "sell some, but not all" possibilities, but I'm leaving them out for simplicity's sake; suffice to say, they're not that different to "sell")
@_date: 2018-04-18 12:46:36
Nope, it's about Verge (a scammy alt-coin) spending a huge amount of time talking about an upcoming partnership that would be "huge".  Then it turned out to be that they just paid a whole lot of money to pornhub to accept them as a payment option (in a very round-about, non-directly-integrated kind of way), after which the price tanked (as seen in this candlestick).
Nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-28 15:24:11
That strategy might work... or it might just mean a bunch of other people grab your coins, the price doesn't crash, and you're left in a worse situation than you started.
If that's a risk you're willing to take, go for it.  You might win, you might lose.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:16:38


No, but I estimate it's far lower than the number of people who OD from street drugs.  When there are customer reviews on a product that buyers can read without the vendor even knowing, it's in the vendor's interest to sell quality.
Most ODs are because of adulterated product (e.g. the current Fentanyl problem in many parts of the world) or mistaking one substance for another entirely.
Drugs from Silk Road were of a consistently higher quality than those found on the street, and this continues with the many dark net markets that followed and are active today.
I would even say that the dark net markets are a significant force in reducing the number of drug related deaths in the world.
@_date: 2017-07-15 10:34:00
Regardless of the cause (you're possibly right, possibly wrong; but either way I think the effect will be the same), I've been holding on to a little spare fiat that I was going to buy more BTC with.  The plan is to time it to get an even better deal than if I were to buy right now.
The interesting thing is that if there's enough people doing the same as me right now (seems likely), that reduces the buy pressure pushing the price down and once we do all jump in, it should rise again with a decent strength/speed.  Some will then sell off for their 'quick profits', but there's enough hodlers out there (me included) that it won't just keep yo-yoing up and down.
Even if I don't get the 'best' exchange rate (miss the bottom and buy half way back up for example) I'm not going to be unhappy about it; I already have significant BTC holdings that dwarf whatever purchase I'm about to make.  This is just the fun side of the nothing-to-lose minor gamble.
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:33:39
I didn't say that they would hold the same fiat value exchange rate.  I expect a significant drop in price to occur (I can foresee scenarios where it won't happen, but I think they're unfortunately not as likely).
The phrase "hold value" that you quoted specifically means that they will still exist and will still hold a value (i.e. 1BTC still equals 1BTC).
@_date: 2017-07-20 10:23:37
Yeah, power bills are a bit unique... ;)
@_date: 2017-05-28 14:48:15
I don't know the Coinbase wallet, nor Coinbase in general, so I don't know much about how it works.  Looking at the wording of their "wallet" app though, it sounds like it only gives access to your online wallet that they control rather than being a real wallet itself (if anyone wants to correct me on this though, please do - I don't *know* this, just basing it off the description they give on their website).
As for mining, just don't.  You can not mine on a normal PC at all anymore.  I assume the things you read are extremely out of date now.  It used to be possible (I mined for a while myself), however - by design - mining gets harder the more computing power that is put in to it.  Now, all the mining is done with dedicated mining hardware (i.e. hardware that can only do ONE task but do it thousands of times faster than non-dedicated hardware).  Trying to do it with your home PC generate such a tiny amount of bitcoin (tiny fractions of a cent worth over extraordinarily long time periods) and would cost you significant money in electricity and wear on your computer(s).
This is of course unless you happen to have access to significant amounts of 'free' energy such as an existing large solar array or geothermal energy that you're allowed to use, and are willing to sink a few hundred thousand dollars (minimum; preferably a few million) in the initial investment of setting it all up.  If so, I'd be happy to consult (for a fee) to get it all set up for you.
@_date: 2017-07-31 11:08:37
That's not how it really works.
It will start with the value it has at the moment based on futures trading (around $300 to $400 I think) since that's what people currently value it at.  Once more people are trading it, a nice price will be established based on buy/sell interest.  If there are more people wanting to get it than get rid of it, the price will (generally) rise.  Vice-versa, the price will (generally) fall.
I expect it to fall dramatically.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:13:49


I'm not quite sure whose plans you're referring to... I personally use mBTC for most displays such as in my wallet and so on.
There is no centralised group who "decides" these things, so if you want to use mBTC, please go ahead and do so.  No one will stop you just as no one is stopping me.
@_date: 2017-05-28 16:22:00
Yep, I did mean that.  I mistyped.  Sorry for any confusion.
@_date: 2017-07-31 19:44:16
I'll use the BCH support in my Ledger hardware wallet to split the BCH off, send it to an exchange that supports it (probably Kraken since I am already verified for large/high values), and then simply sell it for whatever the going rate is at the time I've got them there.
This is of course somewhat slower than simply keeping my coins on Kraken and then selling immediately when available to do so, but I care more about the safety of my coins being under my own control than I do about any potential advantages of selling off some shitcoin just a little faster before it plummets to zero.
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:15:23
I completely agree with you, although in some ways I wish I didn't.
Essentially, I'm one of those 'moderate majority' (but not apathetic) you speak of, and I came to essentially the same conclusions.  If I could wave a magic wand and make no-one interested in BIP148, I would probably do so since I do see risks that could (in the worst case) destroy bitcoin making it just a footnote in the history of failed good ideas.  On the other side of the coin, I also do strongly believe that SegWit is desperately needed as soon as possible.  If I had that magic wand, BIP148 wouldn't be necessary because we'd all be happily signalling SegWit right now and it'd activate.
However, I don't have a magic wand and I see that come August, this is happening whether I'm with it or not.  The more people that are with it, the lower the risk of long-term or permanent damage to Bitcoin itself.  That's why my full nodes are UASF and I implore all other 'moderates' to do the same.
@_date: 2017-05-04 06:10:18
I never really got in to tonal, but to add my case to the teaching of number systems outside of societies norms to kids: I taught my kids to count in and do basic maths in binary on their fingers before they learned any other significant ways (I assume they 'naturally' learned basic finger counting around the same time they learned basic item counting as babies/toddlers, but I've never used it in front of them and they seem to find the utility of binary far more compelling).
My son is only 3, so beyond counting and basic addition, he doesn't really do much with it yet, but my daughter is 6 and now that she's being more formally introduced to concepts like multiplication and division is finding the ability to use her hands to help hold state outside of her head to be really helpful.
This is a little different though to case in that everything around them in daily life is still decimal (also like most of the world, we use the metric system, so base 10 is compelling for many things) and we don't really do anything that helps the kids to think in a different base as growing up with tonal alongside decimal would; however I do feel that just giving them binary in this way right from the start has changed how they think about numbers which I think is an invaluable starting point at least.
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:27:15
Do a few quick searches and you'll find this topic discussed *many* times already here...
But - to repeat myself - I live in Germany, and with bitcoin I:
- pay my [power bill](
- buy [nutritionally complete food shakes](
- renew my VPN access once a year
- occasionally get games on Steam
- occasionally use the darknet markets
- very occasionally buy coffee or drinks at a couple of places that take it
And I'm considering using it for [groceries]( as well, but for a variety of reasons don't do so yet.
@_date: 2017-07-20 04:36:59
Mostly as a store of value, but I do have a few things I spend it on (but always replenish from fiat either before or immediately after spending it).  Those include:
- Paying my [power bill](
- Ordering my [nutritionally complete food](
- Getting games on Steam
- My yearly VPN renewal
- Illegal drugs from the darknet markets
- And just recently, [fast food]( orders
There are more options to me as well including grocery delivery, a couple of cafes and bars near to where I live, and so on; but right now I don't use those for various different (non bitcoin related) reasons.
@_date: 2017-05-27 15:35:36
In theory, yes... but given the amount of money involved now, I don't doubt that some VERY clever people have spent significant effort thinking about how to do it and (as far as we know) haven't succeeded yet.  That - along with a reasonable understanding of the technology, general cryptography, and systems security - makes this risk a very small one in my view.
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:29:49
If you're neither sending nor receiving during that period, yes.
@_date: 2017-07-31 07:50:49
I'll try the open market first I think... ;)
@_date: 2017-05-25 12:40:22
Can you explain that?  To me, it seems fundamentally incompatible, but perhaps I'm missing something...
I can see at least two issues immediately from a compatibility standpoint, but there's almost certainly more:
1. The 'compromise' concept requires a hard-fork, whereas the BIP148 UASF is a soft-fork (UA**SF**).  This means a certainty of a chain split rather than the 'chance' of one under a contentious soft-fork like BIP148.  This is because hard-forks (by definition) loosen the rules where soft-forks tighten them (the looser chain risks being reorganised in to the tighter one, but never vice-versa; it can only avoid it by a further hard-fork).
2. By signalling on a different bit, existing SegWit compatible software (i.e. almost everything currently running everywhere) would be unaware of this and would need to be changed/upgraded, otherwise they'd assume that SegWit has not been activated and would not consider SegWit activity to be valid.
Both of these mean a vast rollout of new software versions from many different people in a very short space of time would be required to 'meet' the compromise.
Just to be clear, I'm not necessarily against the very basic premise of the compromise in as far as it describes SegWit plus an idea to increase the base block size.  What I am against is the implementation choices made and the **requirement** of a base block size increase at a **predetermined point in time** without first evaluating how the network looks/behaves after SegWit activation.
Also to be clear, when I start with "perhaps I'm missing something", I really do mean it.  I'm by no means a bitcoin or blockchain expert.  I'm a software guy (former developer, currently systems architect), but in a totally different field for the most part.  We recently started a new research project around blockchain technology and I've got a node active at the office, but I'm definitely still just learning.  If I say anything incorrect, I'm always open to someone pointing it out (constructively and preferably with links to further reading; just saying "*you're wrong*" isn't so helpful).
@_date: 2017-05-05 09:31:07
Do you think the risk is higher now than before?
Investing $1000 at $1/BTC is fundamentally no different than investing $1000 at $1500/BTC.  In the first case, if it falls to $0.50/BTC, you've wiped out half your value and your BTC holdings are now worth $500.  In the second case, if it falls to $750/BTC, you've wiped out half your value and your BTC holdings are now worth $500.
In both cases, the fall is an equivalent amount (50%).  This is because markets move by percentages not arbitrary values.  To illustrate this, imagine everyone suddenly decided to start using mBTC as the standard unit instead of BTC.  Doing so, we've only changed our terminology but looking at market movements, we'd see only tens of cents worth of change vs hundreds of dollars (1mBTC rising 50c is equal to 1BTC rising $500).  This is obviously meaningless and potentially deceptive, so we instead talk about the value rising or falling by x%, which remains the same no matter how we denominate it.
I'd even argue that for completely different reasons, it's *safer* to invest now than earlier.  When it was at $1/BTC, the number of people involved was much lower, so individuals had a lot more influence on the market.  Now that there are more people involved, it's harder for individuals to significantly influence things.  This adds stability.  Of course, right now the total number of people is still very low, so there is still significant volatility, but it is much lower than it used to be.  This is also the reason that getting in now still has the potential for massive rewards in the future.
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:17:10
OP mentioned it already in the title (along with CoinBase, Circle, and CoinMama).  I only wanted to give two more that he didn't already list.
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:48:39
The copay wallet should be fine as far as I know, it appears to be a typical local wallet where you control your own keys.
A paper wallet will definitely be fine.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:07:12
You're right, we're not understanding each other somehow.  Even after reading this reply, I feel like I get exactly what you're saying, but somehow my understanding of what you're saying doesn't match with what I've said (which is that at no point am I decreasing my holdings of BTC).
Sorry about the communication issue.  I feel like we either agree or if not, have important lessons to teach each other, but somehow are just talking past each other instead.
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:40:53
@_date: 2017-07-07 17:39:56
Just to add to the voices that have now tried it: yep, worked flawlessly.
Payments are done with BitPay, and it was handled smoothly and "idiot proof" from a UI perspective (as in, I can imagine someone with no technical knowledge using it easily).
@_date: 2017-05-08 22:35:36
I'm in Osaka right now and haven't seen a single place to spend BTC yet (although admittedly, I'm not actively looking and I am on a business trip, so there's not time between work and sleep).  I will be in Tokyo next week, so I'm kind of hoping to at least stumble across something there.
@_date: 2017-07-30 11:14:39
There are a lot of different wallets and you should never assume compatibility between data formats.  I don't even know which desktop and android wallets you have (there are several of each).
There are two possible things you could do with two wallets.
1. You could have the same keys on both, then you'll see transactions reflected on both no matter where they were originated (basically, both wallets are pointing at the same 'account' (technically wrong, but easiest to imagine for a newbie))
2. You could have them separate, and then you need to send bitcoins from one to the other rather than them being identical.  This is somewhat more secure since it means if one wallet is lost or your computer or phone are compromised, you don't lose everything.  It does mean you pay transaction fees to send between them though.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:47:26
Essentially it just means "small change".
More correctly, it's the leftover amount from a larger transaction that is now probably too small to do anything useful with since by using it, the transaction fee on that input would be higher than the value of the input itself.
But in my lazy usage, I really just meant it as "a very small amount of bitcoin".
@_date: 2018-04-29 09:20:40
Article is a month old.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:15:33
Hah.  It honestly freaked me out for a moment until I read it.  My brain jumped through my post history as best I could remember it and I couldn't for the life of me think of anything ban-worthy.
Nice one :)
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:03:48
As a father, I teach my kids about the dangers of drugs.
This includes understanding things such as dosage and effects.
It includes the fact that the most dangerous aspect of most illegal drug use is the possibility of getting caught by the authorities, because they'll ruin your life far quicker and harder than the substances will.
It includes the fact that alcohol is one of the most dangerous drugs of abuse, especially due to how easy it is to get.
It includes the fact that street drugs are often not what they're labelled and therefore the importance of test kits and their proper usage.
It includes the fact that they know I've used a lot of substances in my time, but I've always been careful and enjoy myself responsibly with the hope that they will learn to do this too, and know they can ask me if they have any questions without fear of negative repercussions.
So, as one parent to another - go fuck yourself and your medieval view of drugs.
@_date: 2017-05-12 04:31:38
My basic policy for my phone wallet is that it has the amount in it that I generally use in the course of a month.
As a general rule, whenever I spend BTC, I also top it up again immediately by trading away fiat (sometimes before, and usually slightly more than I just spent).  Over time, as the exchange rate goes more in BTC's favour, my phone wallet ends up with more than I would need for a month, at which point I "top up" my hardware wallet instead of my phone until such time that the phone wallet is down to 'one month of usage' again.
@_date: 2017-05-29 09:48:13
I personally switched to mBTC many months back.  Feel free to do the same.
@_date: 2019-05-02 04:58:14
I would even argue that not only does gold have utility, but in fact that that makes it *less* useful as a currency.
If something has utility, then those who want it for its utility will value it higher than those who don't.  That is, an electronics manufacturer is likely to place a slightly higher value on gold than those who don't manufacture electronics.
However, when that thing starts being used as a currency as well, its value becomes distorted by its use in trade.  This means that those who want it for its utility value will either pay more than they value it at in terms of utility (as is the case with gold right now) or will influence the market unevenly when trying to get it for its utility.
A "perfect" currency has no utility other than as currency so that the value can't be distorted by other uses.
To note: Bitcoin isn't quite perfect in this regard.  The Bitcoin blockchain has utility as a very strong timestamping mechanism.  Thankfully, the market for that is extremely small and so the potential distortion is extremely low, unlike gold and other precious metals.
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:53:48
Also exactly because of the number of people that feel the same way you do (myself included), bitcoin will never drop to zero unless it is truly broken (i.e. a fatal flaw is found in the protocol/system itself).
Essentially, it could drop very far and stay there, but as long as WE are still interested in it and willing to buy it from each other, it will always have some kind of non-zero figure attached to it.
I think this scenario is extremely unlikely though simply because of the amount that has been invested in to it (not just monetary, but time and effort as well) so far.  The number of people that want it to succeed -whether ideologically or not - is simply too high for it to languish at a low value for very long.
@_date: 2019-05-04 07:54:29


Often repeated, not yet proven.  Provide evidence for this tired claim or GTFO.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:07:51
Given that paypal is neither cheap nor instant for all transactions, any downvotes you get are well deserved.  It may be cheap and very fast for some transactions, but so is bitcoin - just for a different set of transactions.
@_date: 2017-07-30 07:14:14
To everyone saying this is sexist:
The particular woman in this meme is portrayed as being unable to figure out bitcoin, but I see nothing implying a generalised statement that all women are bad with bitcoin.
If that were the case, then this meme is also biased against people who wear red.  It's well known that those stupid red-wearers are all too dumb to figure out bitcoin, and this meme is promoting that view.
It's only sexist if you already assume that a meme featuring a picture of a woman being incompetent at something automatically implies all women are incompetent at that thing.  It says far more about **your** view of the world than it does the view of the meme creator.
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:44:21
I'm like that for almost everything that happens in the bitcoin world.  But in the case of BCH, I'm confident enough to take the minuscule risk of selling off my BCH for some quick additional gains (all going back in to BTC of course, not fiat).
I could be wrong, and then I've lost out, but I truly don't believe there is any chance at all of BCH maintaining value even over the mid-term let alone the long term.
Even if BCH did win out, while I'd regret the loss of the money, I'd at least be comfortable that I stuck with the side that I view as morally correct.  Decentralisation and freedom to control my own money is far more important to me than being filthy rich (the goal is to end up with both though!).
@_date: 2017-07-30 08:41:47
Thanks for the well thought out reply.
I also see rampant sexism in modern society and as a father of a young girl, have a personal stake in improving things as much as I can so that my daughter can hopefully live in a world that treats her better than the world treats many women today.  That is however why I'm always cautious not to see sexism where there isn't any.  If you see sexism where it doesn't exist, it only makes it that much harder to fight against it where it does.
The subject of the meme is a woman.  The subject of the meme is a person wearing red.  Both of these are equally as true.  It is the case that women are sometimes portrayed as technically incompetent whereas it is not generally considered that people wearing red are technically incompetent and this can be used as the basis for assuming sexist intent from the image creator.  I totally agree that that is where my example breaks down.  But to start from the position that this is the creator's intent is starting from a position of assumed malintent.  if we were instead to assume that the creator just wanted to show a technically incompetent person, then there's an approximately 50% chance that a person chosen at random would be a woman.  So, I find it discourteous to assume malice when given another reasonable scenario, the same image could result with no malice intended.  To me, deliberately *avoiding* the use of the image of a woman in this instance would in fact be more sexist since it would show a clear bias towards the gender choice rather than it being chance.
I don't rule out that the image could have been created with sexist intent but I also don't find the image itself to be inherently sexist without further context establishing it as so.
@_date: 2017-05-01 09:50:41
In the aspect of nearly anything that counts it is.
Had I traded $100 for BTC at the time it was trading at $13/BTC, then traded back to $ when it reached $14/BTC, I'd have $107.69.
Had I traded $100 for BTC at the time it was trading at $1300/BTC, then traded back to $ when it reached $1400/BTC, I'd have $107.69.
It may seem that it's "$100 more", but the units you choose are arbitrary, so you could also say that it's "$0.10 more" talking about milliBTC or "$100000 more" talking about kiloBTC.
Consider 3 different use cases of Bitcoin:
Case 1: You're treating it as a vehicle to invest and eventually re-sell as fiat.  The percentage change is what matter since that's what you'll get when you trade back to fiat as per the above example.  
Case 2: You're treating it as a currency to be used in its own right and valued 'in itself' (or purchasing power).  The value in fiat is irrelevant to you and only the percentage change from "my purchasing power before" to "my purchasing power now" matters.  
Case 3: You're treating it as a currency for purchase, but the items you're purchasing have their price fixed against fiat (realistically the current situation for most people aiming for case 2).  Despite your philosophical choice being closer to case 2, the practical upside is the same as case 1, since the purchasing power fluctuates with the exchange rate.  However, since in BOTH case 1 and case 2, you see only the percentage has any real meaning, this continues to be true for case 3 as well.
I'm actually having a hard time imagining any case where $13/BTC to $14/BTC isn't the same as $1300/BTC to $1400/BTC.  You could say that if I already hold 1 BTC and plan to trade it for fiat, it's a difference of getting $1 compared to getting $100, but that's ignoring where/how I got that 1BTC to begin with (i.e. what it cost me).
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:04:50
That's totally up to how people use it.  It's generally expected that LN will deal with typical "day to day" transactions and the blockchain will be used for both settlement of LN periodically plus large transactions.
There is however nothing technically stopping you transacting huge amounts on LN and small amounts on the blockchain.  It might not be the most sensible approach economically though.
@_date: 2017-07-31 08:03:18
I believe you're right (which is why I want to dump them as quick as possible), but I'm still hoping to get 'something' for them on their way down to zero.
If not, I've still lost nothing since I'm not touching my real BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-26 04:14:33
Look, it should be clear that I don't think that.  So rather than just repeating it, could you please explain why you think that?  Maybe you'll teach me something I hadn't considered and will change my political view.
You can't convince anyone that "x leads to y" without explaining how and why.
@_date: 2017-07-30 15:18:47
Why would that be any different at all?
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:38:12
That is a possibility.  But before anyone reads this and assumes that selling now and buying back cheaper is a "safe bet", please remember that it's also possible (and my personal expectation) that the lack of anything happening will cause a bull run as a bunch of people realise the "scary part" is past without any problems, so "it's all upwards from here on out".
@_date: 2017-07-03 18:43:27
What I find crazy about that argument is how little people understand the internet and our reliance on it in this day and age.  They make a statement along the lines of the government having the ability to shut down the internet, but don't stop to consider what that would actually mean.
Truly stopping all internet traffic within a modern western country today is tantamount to stopping a significant part of all trade and infrastructure.  Supermarkets would run empty in days without their deliveries being organised; banks would cease large parts of their core operations; even things like traffic lights in many places would be affected.
Just because a government can 'theoretically' shut down internet traffic, it isn't an argument that they would reasonably do so to stop bitcoin.  They could try a more intelligent effort and block specific traffic to try to reduce the usage of bitcoin, but as long as some traffic is permitted somewhere, bitcoin transactions will make it through as well.
@_date: 2019-05-05 06:16:10
Your first sentence and second seem to directly contradict each other.
Which is it: the economy can grow forever, or it does have a peak at some point in the future?
@_date: 2019-05-05 08:01:02
The fastest way is meeting someone that is willing to exchange cash for bitcoin directly.  You'll likely get a terrible exchange rate and carry the risk of that person being dangerous or dishonest, but it's certainly the fastest.
The problem isn't so much Bitcoin, but that the fiat currency (I assume USD) that you're trying to exchange for it.  Bank transfers can be reversed, credit cards and PayPal can have chargebacks, and so on.  Plus governments don't really like it when you're moving away from their currency towards something better, so they place strict legal regulations on companies that provide these kinds of services, effectively hamstringing their ability to serve their customers as they'd like.
All of these things combined mean that it's harder than it should be to move away from fiat and in to real money.
I've bypassed all this by getting my employer to pay me in bitcoin directly, but I'm aware that's unfortunately not an option for everyone just yet.
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:37:49


Not if I don't have cash.  Or if they don't accept the cash I do have.
Seriously, more people in the world have access to mobile phones than clean water.  I'm trying to imagine any scenario where there's no access of any kind (even temporary/limited) to the blockchain but there is a merchant wanting to trade with me in a currency that I happen to have on hand.  It's just such a ridiculous scenario, it makes me think you're not really aware of the state of the world.
Since you're still talking about methods of payment though, and I've repeatedly said that that is a separate discussion to the properties of a currency, how about we either switch to actually discussing that, or just agree that you weren't honest about wanting your mind changed and are really just here trolling?
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:53:15
I really am now wondering if you and I have different definitions of socialism.
I just don't see how "It's really not possible to administer socialism over a rapidly changing free market." or that "Stability, predictability, and countability are needed for the socialist infrastructure to function."
This seems true of authoritarian socialism, but more so because of the *authoritarian* aspect, not the *socialism* aspect.  I'd say it's equally true of fascism, which is the polar opposite of socialism.
@_date: 2019-05-19 07:04:47
Agreed, but I'd actually put it above CRISPR/Cas9 in terms of world-changing potential.
Don't get me wrong, CRISPR/Cas9 is great, but since it's not suitable for homologous recombination over larger regions and requires significant monitoring of target areas for additional unwanted mutations even when dealing with the appropriate target size/area, it's never going to give us the "rewriting DNA as easily as computer code" capability that it was often presented in mainstream media as.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:12:55
Unfortunately, yes.  That's my story from early 2010, but I have no way to prove it (if I still had the private key, I could sign a message with it as proof... but then, I'd still have 200BTC and certainly wouldn't want to publicly prove that!).
I then bought Bitcoin on MtGox in 2011 in order to make purchases on Silk Road, but still didn't really pay all that much attention to the value - at that point, it was just "a way of making a payment" for me and I was still thinking purely in terms of the fiat value.
It was another couple of years before I really understood the gravity of my mistake.  Still, 2013/2014 wasn't a terrible time to get back in to it, and since late 2016, Bitcoin has been my primary form of money.  I don't hold fiat anymore at all.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:03:20
I was also in Tokyo last week.
I also didn't meet with Roger.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:25:08
@_date: 2017-07-21 16:43:11
Coming from a little boy, that did strike me as pretty creepy/icky sounding.
@_date: 2017-07-31 10:40:33
The word "teller" has its roots in an old English/Germanic word and simply means "one who counts".  So, if there's counting (or calculating, in a broader view) going on, it's a "teller".
@_date: 2019-05-22 04:30:43
Bitcoin is a global, social consensus system used to transfer value between participants that participate in the consensus.  It is *implemented* in software for practicality's sake.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:46:46


Completely agreed.  He designed the system extraordinarily well.


Um, no? Not at all...  I'm not critiquing the design of the system at all here.  I think it was incredible (further developments since then make it even better, but I hardly fault Satoshi for not having been able to see those in advance).  Leaving out Turing-completeness is to me a good design decision and not a poor one.  I doubt however that he made it intentionally, because it's not really core to the system, so it's not there "because it's not necessary for the system" rather than "because he chose to leave it out".
All of that is design.  What I said he did well, but not especially brilliantly, is write the code.  That is, things like: the choice of abstraction levels in object oriented design; the readability of the code; where separations are (and are not) made between functional units; and so on.  These things don't change the behaviour of the application at all, but do influence things like how hard the code is to maintain, extend, understand, and debug.  These are the things that I'm talking about when I say it wasn't great code but merely good code.
Satoshi designed one of the most brilliant systems I've ever seen.  His reference client for it though simply wasn't anything to write home about.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:13:34
It didn't read like a joke, it read like misinformation.
And if by "trigger", you mean "make me write a correction" then yes, it was easy.  I prefer that anyone else coming to the thread later is able to see the correct information rebutting the misinformation.  But if you think it upset me in any way, then I'm sorry to disappoint, but you're just not worth getting upset over.
@_date: 2019-05-11 20:23:49
Mostly my feelings on levels of and importance of centralisation and utility. I won’t deny the ranking was pretty arbitrary but what I found problematic was the statement that it’s “apples and oranges” (implying they’re too different kinds of things and therefore not directly comparable).
@_date: 2019-05-14 18:38:51
My general thought is that fees should be more around the equivalent of several hundred or possibly thousand of today’s USD by the time that miners are living solely off (or near enough to solely) transaction fees. 
Individual normal users will never pay these fees directly of course. Governments and other huge financial institutions might, but even that shouldn’t be all that common. 
Instead, each on-chain transaction will be the opening, closing and management of many different off-chain channels in one. The large costs will be shared across the many users involved in off-chain transactions through these channels, making each transaction from the user’s perspective reasonably priced. 
Note that I agree that the current amount of on-chain transactions necessary for second layers (e.g. Lightning Network) is not scalable to that level. Technology evolves however, and we should be focused as much as possible on solving today’s problems without crippling our future solutions or blocking them entirely. But we definitely don’t need to solve everything for the future right now.
@_date: 2019-05-17 14:34:52
Sorry, it seems no one is giving you very good answers.
Yes, you can and should have a multiple input transaction.  Every transaction draws from one or more UTXOs (Unspent Transaction Outputs) and creates one or more new UTXOs.  The only kind of transaction that doesn't have any UTXOs as inputs is the miner reward on a new block.
For implementing a wallet yourself, the "how to do it" part is a bit more difficult to answer without knowing what your current code looks like.  In general though, you should look in to resources like [this]( which will help you get an idea of the transaction structure (and you can clearly see the ability for more than one input and output) as well as examining the way that different open source implementations have done it.  Of course, the best example is probably [Bitcoin Core]( itself, but you might want to look at mobile wallets as well, like [Hodl]( (based on Breadwallet, but you'll probably find looking at the Breadwallet core easier in Hodl than in BRD, which is what Breadwallet evolved in to).
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:44:46


And also less secure, which is why they're worth less (I'm tempted to write that as "worthless").
It's important not to confuse the currency with the payment methodology.  Bitcoin isn't comparable to "credit cards" or "paypal", it's comparable to "dollar" or "euro".  This is what most of the other "crypto" developers get wrong when trying to solve what they think are the problem with Bitcoin.
Because Bitcoin is still very young, it doesn't have a lot of advanced payment networks built around it yet.  They are coming however, and Lightning is one good example (but not the only!).
@_date: 2019-05-10 09:13:15


In short, no.


That would depend on the reason why that were happening.
If it were because there were a global financial crisis that was affecting the US less than the rest of the world, I'd expect BTC value to go up as people use it as a hedge against their falling currency.
If it were happening because the US were shrinking the money supply through destruction, writing off debt, and so on (increasing the value of the USD that remains), I wouldn't expect much influence on BTC value at all.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:11:52
This post has nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:52:09
To everyone reading this, and I discussed my concerns in private chat and they agreed to plan some changes and additions to their website that will make them appear more transparent and less like a scam. 
I’m therefore reasonably sure they’re not a scam and do intend to offer a good service for people that need/want it. 
As with any service though from any company, please exercise general caution and don’t do things like giving your private keys or seed words to a third party. If in doubt, ask something publicly before taking an action.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:48:57
Always nice to see more options, especially those that are specifically "no middle man" and in the correct spirit of the system.
Do you have plans to add support for payments via Lightning?
Web shops really need to consider this and plugin providers should be prioritising it, since on-chain transactions simple aren't scalable in the long term and if we don't start making it more common to consider better payment methods than on-chain transactions, merchants that implement the plugin are going to find themselves losing bitcoin business once on-chain fees are higher again.
Of course, being open source, I'd hope someone else helps you out and adds it if you choose not to, but it'd be nice to know if it's already on your roadmap or even your radar in general.
@_date: 2017-07-31 11:38:32
I realise the possibility exists.  I consider it an acceptable risk since from my perspective, the likelihood is extraordinarily low, and if it did happen, it's not a currency I'm interested in being involved with.
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:23:17


Australia has great services for Bitcoin.... have you ever looked at [Living Room of Satoshi]( for example?  Pay any BPAY bill, or just straight to your (or any other) bank account.


That seems kinda foolish sorry.  Why would you just trust some random webshop, especially one that looks like that?
You could've just bought it direct from the [manufacturer](  They don't accept Bitcoin, but you could've used PayPal, used an Australian credit card, and then paid that off using a service like LROS that I mentioned above.
@_date: 2017-07-30 07:31:09
But how is it more easily assumed as a generalisation about women than a generalisation about anything else shown (such as people wearing red, as per my example)?
@_date: 2019-05-19 14:08:30
To be fair, it's a bit hard to buy BTC if you don't have anything to buy it with.
Also, getting it off the exchange after acquiring it is probably a good idea.
You may then also want to spend a little on a nice car once you've got more than you need to live in luxury for the next hundred years.
So, all that in mind, how's this look? :
    void CostAvgBtcPurchaseAdvisor() {
        while (true) {
            if (myFiatHoldings &gt; 0) {
                BtcAddress myExchangeAddress = BuyBTC(myFiatValue);
                TransferBTC(myExchangeAddress, MyHardwareWallet.GetNewAddress());
            }
            if (myHardwareWallet.GetTotalFunds() &gt; CostOfLivingPerYearCalculator(100, LifeStyleType.LUXURY)) {
                BuyLambo();
            }
        }
        throw new LogicException("Universe is broken; sorry for the inconvenience.");
    }
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:45:26
When in 2018?
By the start of 2018, probably somewhere around $16k (I think the bear market will reverse, but slowly and cautiously and we won't hit another big bull run for a while).  By the end of 2018, probably somewhere around $100k as widespread adoption has really started to take hold.
However, all of this is basically pulled straight out of my arse.  I do have some vague reasons for having rough ideas of these values, but in actuality, there are so many other factors involved, it's about as accurate as reading tea leaves.
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:16:40
It makes perfect sense, because it's not "free money".  The money I make from selling my BCH comes directly from those people who believe that BCH is worth buying.  I only hope there's enough of them that the value doesn't tank immediately and I can extract as much as possible from them before the BCH is worth essentially zero.
Of course, there's always a chance that my opinions are wrong and my BTC holdings will be worth essentially zero while the BCH I sold off turn out to be worth a fortune in a couple of years.  That's a risk I'm willing to take though since I believe the chances of that are vanishingly small.
@_date: 2019-05-11 10:22:17
Gemini is - just like every other online service - a custodial account.  If they disappear, you lose your bitcoin.  If they are asked by the government to deny you access, you lose your bitcoin.  If they choose to be evil and steal from you, you lose your bitcoin.
The fact that they have an offline cold storage feature means simply that someone else can't get at those particular coins without Gemini's permission (and you're relying on Gemini to ensure the security of the private keys to that offline cold storage).  It doesn't stop any of the above risks that I mentioned.  Just for reference, pretty much every major exchange has offline cold storage for the majority of their bitcoin.  They'd be crazy not to.
So to answer your question: "safe" is a relative term.  How much do you trust that the above scenarios won't happen?  Would you trust the value of a hamburger?  What about the value of a laptop?  A car?  A house?  A mansion on a hill?  You decide your risk tolerance and act accordingly.
@_date: 2019-05-22 09:48:05
I'm also not Satoshi.
^((Is it now more or less clear?))
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:50:51


Why do you assume this is all still the case in an economy with a fixed monetary supply?  You can't just assume that behaviours that exist in our current system would still exist in a different system.
I'd argue that credit would be:
* *far* less common than under our current system since items' prices will more closely reflect their costs.
* *far* more competitive than under our current system (due to being far less common) meaning that credit providers would compete for even tiny margins.
* *only* taken by those who expect they'll be using it to make significantly more money, since credit is more expensive and more of a burden to take under a fixed money supply.  This will have positive knock-on effects on the total economy since credit will be viewed primarily as an investment in total economic growth.
Just as one example for the first point: A house only costs 20 to 30 years of income right now because that's what people are able to charge in an environment where money is created out of thin air in order to pay for it (and then get "paid back" over time).  In reality, there's no good reason for houses to be priced like this.  Under a sensible economy, They'd find their true market value at a much lower point and the idea of saving up to buy it outright wouldn't seem nearly as "crazy" as it does today.
@_date: 2017-05-01 08:10:26
I don't really spend too much time actively worrying about things I have little control over other than to hope for the best and prepare (within reason) for the worst.
However in a more general sense, I worry about the global economy in general.  I think Bitcoin could be a major disruptive factor that will cause quite a bit of change (and the chaos associated with change), but there are also so many other disruptive factors at this point in time, I suspect there'll be significant chaos regardless of whether bitcoin has significant influence or not.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:16:40
I'd say he's still around.
* I have a picture of him in my office.
* He's also on the cover of [this book](
@_date: 2019-05-02 15:12:16


Or, the value of Bitcoin increases such that 6.25 Bitcoin + fees covers the expense of running the mining hardware.
Personally, I expect somewhere in-between at first; a small drop in global hash rate and a significant increase in value ( = exchange rate with fiat that electricity is priced in).
However, even if hash power decreases, all that does is somewhat weaken the network security.  It doesn't influence your ability to send transactions.  That's why u/e3ee3 said you're measuring the wrong thing.  Hash power, block reward, and number of transactions are not directly related metrics and so the only thing you can derive from them is "interesting but useless" numbers like average miner revenue per transaction.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:05:14
Personally, I prefer the Ledger because I feel the entire UX (both on the device and the standard software) is more intuitive and easier to do the tasks I want quickly while minimising error.
However both are really great, so it comes down to personal preference more than anything.  There are many who will argue back and forth about security, but realistically, you aren't going to lose funds because of the inherent security in either of these; you're far more likely lose it through human error (so regardless of which one you get, read up on good practices for storing your seed words and learn how to operate the device and what kinds of scams/tricks/etc to look out for).
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:30:55


Question for you.  If you are "*completely convinced*" that you will see the "*death of fiat currency*" in your lifetime, why do you have fiat money in your bank account?
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:31:16
As soon as you see people talking about things like ".382 fib level from the last top" and similar such nonsense, you should consider them to be no different than tea leaf readers.
The only way these patterns have any meaning is in self-fulfilling prophecy.  That is, if enough people believe it'll drop at level X because some pattern they believe in told them it would, they'll sell and make it drop.  The more complex the pattern, the less likely it has mass belief since most people are really lazy.  So I'd say the chance of this wild-ass guess being anywhere near right are similar to the roll of a very-many-sided die.
@_date: 2019-05-31 13:38:18


Or they convert their entire paycheque to BTC every payday... (e.g. me before I started getting paid in BTC directly)


You're aware that there are a lot of places in the world that aren't the US right?
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:22:23


I do.  I have kids.


That's their problem, not mine.
@_date: 2019-05-19 06:59:16
Yes it does have flaws.  So does the Declaration of Independence.  That doesn't make it any less impressive.  OP didn't say anything about comparing it to religion or it being perfect, just genius and amazing.  I agree with them completely.
I'd also argue against the "it's code" statement.  It's a lot more than code.  What the code implements is what's interesting, not the code itself.  Satoshi was a good coder, but he had plenty of bugs and bad design decisions, so it's not even "great code".  What it is, is a great idea.  A deep understanding of this idea requires knowledge that spans across the fields of economics, philosophy, formal game theory, sociology, computer science, and physics.
@_date: 2019-05-12 18:18:42
Parts of Ledger are closed source.  Trezor is open source.  However, both have verifiable behaviour, so from a security perspective, you only need to trust Ledger in terms of their updates not being evil - after you've verified its behaviour, it makes no significant difference.
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:03:31
That wasn't intended as a positive statement from me, and you shouldn't post that kind of thing to The rules in the sidebar clearly state that 'begging' for coins (which is what that instagram post is, no matter how you dress it up) is not allowed.
This subreddit is for discussion about bitcoin.  If that person has something more than an instagram feed full of pictures and that place actually has interesting/useful discussion about bitcoin, then absolutely it would be good to post links to those discussions.  What you posted (more than once) brings nothing of value to the community here.
@_date: 2019-05-04 13:07:38


Only if the total size of the economy actually grows.  Economic Inflation/Deflation is defined by a relationship between the growth of the economy and the monetary supply:
* Fixed supply and a stable size = Steady-state economy.
* Fixed supply and growth = Deflationary economy.
* Fixed supply and shrinkage = Inflationary economy.
* Supply increasing at same rate as growth = Steady-state economy.
* Supply increasing at slower rate than growth = Deflationary economy.
* Supply increasing at faster rate than growth (current model in most of the world) = Inflationary economy.
* Supply decreasing at same rate as shrinkage = Steady-state economy.
* Supply decreasing at slower rate than shrinkage = Inflationary economy.
* Supply decreasing at faster rate than shrinkage = Deflationary economy.
Just that most people ignore this and *assume* an ever-growing economy, which is *exactly* the flaw I described in my reply and you seemed to ignore.
@_date: 2019-05-10 09:42:58
Think of the bluetooth as being the same as the USB cable.  You inherently *don't* trust it by default.  You still need to confirm any transactions on the device itself and should always check the address and amounts.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:21:37


Are they?  Why is BTC an appreciating asset?
With a fixed supply, the value goes up (it appreciates) when the total size of the economy grows (each BTC is now worth the same percentage of the total value of the economy, which has grown).  However, economies don't grow forever, and they especially don't grow if the population is sitting around thinking they're getting richer without doing anything.  If the economy shrinks, BTC's value goes down by the same amount.  This incentivises action.
Essentially, as I see it, the economy should grow/shrink to the "correct size" for the work that goes it in to it when it is free from the manipulative effects of fiat.
Fiat based systems by contrast do very poorly in times of shrinking economy, and often you end up with problems like hyperinflation rendering everyone that doesn't have hard assets equally as broke.
While you can argue that BTC supply continues to decrease from dust, lost coins, etc, these will become vanishingly small over time and shouldn't influence the economy significantly.  In such a world where BTC is the only currency, "lost coins" might be a few millisatoshi per person per lifetime or less.  This isn't enough to significantly impact people's decisions on economic behaviour (certainly not things like "we can all retire early").
The rest of your post is based on this false assumption that BTC is always an appreciating asset, so it doesn't follow.
@_date: 2019-05-18 16:24:36
I don't see how that's "faith", but I'm not going to get in to an argument over semantics.  The word faith is already way too loaded with different meanings.
@_date: 2019-05-25 06:26:17
As others have said:
1. There are no checkpoints since 2014.
2. It wouldn't identify malicious miners, because "longest chain wins".  If this weren't the case, then a 51% wouldn't even be a theoretical possibility.
However neither of these are relevant to the concept of a "51% government attack", so I don't really get why you're asking about them in that context.
The reason that such an attack isn't going to happen is that there is no realistic way for the government to produce that kind of hashing hardware in secret.  If they did it in the open, or if we caught them doing it in secret (which we would if they tried), we'd take the (admittedly drastic) measure of moving to a different PoW algorithm, rendering all of their effort pointless.  People working in governments aren't all idiots and if they considered this kind of plan, they'd realise this and would scrap the idea.
What do I mean when I say it's unrealistic to do it in secret?  Well, there aren't actually a lot of chip fabs in the world, and none that have the capability to ramp up a significant production run without negatively affecting other planned work.  The amount of chips the government in question would need to produce to have the same hash power as the rest of the world combined - even with the best ASIC technology we have today - would be a run that takes months.  It'd then take many more months to build these chips on to boards and in to mining servers.  They'd then need to set these up somewhere where they have a reliable and large amount of power (or distribute them around multiple sites).  This logistical challenge would also take time, money, and resources.
The world would notice if a major chip fab suddenly went dark for a month, all the employees were sworn to secrecy, and a sufficient power generation plant was either brought online for apparently no reason or an existing one was suddenly repurposed away from general supply.
@_date: 2019-05-14 03:22:21
I interpreted it as "*Trezor are representing self-sovereignty by supporting individuals in Venezuela and Ledger are representing the status quo by providing something for financial institutions*".
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:52:06


Oh no!  My collection of rare angora socks, lovingly knitted by eastern European grandmothers over the last 4 centuries... are you telling me they'll soon be worthless?
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:50:28


You’re equating “left” with “economic authoritarianism”. You’ll need to justify this since I roundly reject that equivocation. 


In what way are the metrics flawed?


I believe in having as much personal liberty as possible except where that interferes with the interests of the individuals in the society in which one is. Primarily because I believe that social interests actually increase personal wellbeing in the aggregate. I support policies that further this worldview. 


“Personal issues score: 100, economic issues score: 40”. 


My results on that scale put me in “Left (Liberal)” but very close to the “Libertarian” border. 
However I find that system to be far too simplistic. My beliefs are quite starkly different to those of someone closer to the “Statist” box, but if we’re both in that left box, we’re lumped together as the same. I’d sooner vote a libertarian candidate than a strongly statist liberal.
@_date: 2017-07-30 10:36:38
Yes, you can now receive coins.  I just sent you some 'dust'.
There are transactions fees, which are not always really cheap, so it generally doesn't make sense to use bitcoin directly for a lot of small purchases.  I just paid about 50c in fees for the transaction to you for example, so this isn't something I'd do regularly.  But the amount of bitcoin being sent doesn't matter for the transaction, so paying 50c to send a couple of grand somewhere doesn't really seem as bad.
The good news is that soon, a new technology will be available on the bitcoin network allowing for bitcoin transactions "off chain" (meaning, not recorded on the main distributed ledger) which then get "settled" later on the chain.  The transaction fees are associated with putting things on the chain, so by aggregating a lot of smaller off chain transactions to a single on chain settlement means that the fees will be much much lower for those transactions (likely a cent or less on a coffee purchase).
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:19:22
I'd take an Antminer S9 off someone's hands for $300, sure.
(in other words, no, I don't think it's a good deal to buy it for that price)
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:21:33
You wrote your post with the subject line "Change my mind".  I assumed you'd actually be open to a discussion, but so far, your replies seem to indicate that you're only interested in propping up your incorrect view that bitcoin is somehow fundamentally flawed as a concept.  Either you start actually addressing the points I make in my replies, or I'm not going to bother any more.


Yes, that's what I wrote it and even linked it.


Those requirements are based on your level of trust in the transaction, but generally to be highly trustworthy, those are indeed requirements.
I don't see how you think this is a problem with Bitcoin however.  If I'm somewhere with no electricity or internet access, I can't use my Visa card either.  And if I write someone a cheque (because I either travelled 30 years back in time, or the USA), they can't verify it without asking my bank, again requiring some kind of communication device.
As I've repeatedly pointed out, you're mixing up "method of payment" and "currency".  These are two separate things.  Bitcoin is a currency.  Any payment method that exists for fiat currencies could also exist for Bitcoin (I'd argue that many aren't needed, but that's another unrelated discussion).  If you want to have a bank that insures people's funds and uses Bitcoin instead of USD, such a thing can exist.  If you want a Visa, Mastercard, Amex or other credit card that has Bitcoin on the bank-end instead of USD, there's nothing (technical) stopping these credit card companies from implementing it.


Yep, there's a lack of good UI, and many features that are really important for greater adoption (channel factories, trustless watchtowers, atomic multipath payments, and more) are either only implemented in very limited ways or not implemented at all yet.
Just because *right now* usage is small, it doesn't mean it always will be.  Your argument was that Bitcoin will *never* become a currency.  I'd argue that it already is a currency, but even if I were to accept that being a currency somehow means having a significantly larger level of usage than right now (which I don't), any arguments about the current state of things doesn't hold water since you never specified a timeframe on "*never*".  You'd need to provide an argument that it is not *possible* for these things to be implemented or show that these things being implemented wouldn't be helpful in reaching mass adoption.
@_date: 2019-05-10 12:08:29
So, when you say "officially", you quite literally mean "not officially"?
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:05:44


Do you have anything to back that doubt up other than your general feeling/preference?


I'm guessing most of them.  Possibly not Luke because of his strong religious convictions, but I don't actually know that for sure either; I don't know what his beliefs have say about that, if anything.
@_date: 2019-05-20 07:16:24
I should rephrase/clarify to say that I don’t *hold* fiat and I preferentially use merchants that accept bitcoin directly. 
Gasoline (actually, diesel for my car) is one of the few things I can’t get with bitcoin directly that I also need to pay for relatively regularly. For that, I use a credit card that I pay off using BTC. The gas station charges me in euro, the credit card provider gives them euro and charges me in AUD, and then I pay LRoS in BTC for them to give AUD to the credit card provider. 
It’s more complicated than it needs to be, but it takes less than 2 minutes once per month, so until I can convince a gas station somewhere near my home to take BTC, it’s the only real option I have (other than also holding fiat, but that’s far less preferable).
@_date: 2017-07-31 19:14:13
I could do it myself tomorrow if I wanted... my altcoin would be worth nothing, but you'd own just as many of them as you do BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-31 12:43:03
You store a hash.  That way, if the "original" is changed to say something else, the hash no longer matches.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:05:25
As above: Germany.
@_date: 2019-05-08 10:41:20
According to your username: Fulfil your life goal.
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:25:50
Whether I'd use it or not depends on a lot of things you haven't said.
For example: If it's non-custodial and you pay the mining fees, what do you get out of it as a company?
This may sound like it isn't relevant to me as a customer, but it absolutely is.  People don't take on potentially large costs without some kind of benefit to themselves, and as a customer I need to know how your benefit might negatively influence me.  For example, I may be giving up some kind of privacy or information in exchange for the service.
That doesn't necessarily mean I wouldn't use it.  I do for example have a facebook account as well.  I'm knowingly giving up some privacy for the benefit of having that.  But I do want to know in advance what my "cost" (even non-financial) is in advance before I'm willing to make a decision like that.
@_date: 2019-05-19 20:45:31
I stopped using fiat.  That way, every time I purchase something, I ask myself if I really want that thing more than I want the bitcoin I'm spending on it.
I still buy nice stuff for myself and my family, but I definitely don't waste money on crap anywhere near as much as I used to.
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:11:35
No, if he had done it yesterday and SOLD today, he'd have lost $1750.  If he'd bought yesterday and NOT sold, he'd be in the exact same position.
Now, is it possible it will never again go higher than yesterday's price?  Yes, it is possible.  Does it seem likely?  Not according to rational line of thought that I can currently see.
@_date: 2019-05-26 05:20:03






I agree with that, but I would say that is *how* a large exploitative firm is *able* to exist under socialism.  It doesn't necessary demonstrate that socialism *leads to* lead exploitative firms.


Again, I have to disagree here.  If the government regulations and spending is directly on things that favour larger firms then yes, this favours larger firms.  But there's nothing inherent in the concept of taxes, regulations, and government spending that favours large firms.  You could just as easily imagine a socialist government that is against large firms under the concept that it doesn't want competition... (that would also be authoritarian and I'd be against it; but I'd be against it because of the authoritarianism, not the socialism)
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:00:01
Why is that "your one issue with BTC" rather than "your one issue with USD"?
Bitcoin transactions don't take long at all.  They're propagated to the network in seconds and taken in to a block based on the relative miner fee you pay compared to everyone else.
@_date: 2018-12-14 12:48:13


Is it?  How can loss of something that doesn't exist be a real loss?
The only way that it could have come in to the system to begin with is if the exchange is actively trading on their own platform, since no one else would have the power to create those "fake" bitcoin.
At that point, it's just revealing a theft *that has already taken place* and isn't actually a new loss.  Don't get me wrong; it certainly is pretty crappy for the people who thought they had money but don't, but it's the exchange they should be complaining to/about for selling them one thing (imaginary bitcoin) and claiming it as another (real bitcoin).


Slight "FTFY" there...
@_date: 2018-12-07 19:07:05
Money, no.  Purchasing power, yes.
I already explained it in [this answer here](
@_date: 2018-12-12 20:59:42
I argued with this guy on his last article... I wouldn't bother.  Essentially he's just a troll trying to pretend to be a "helpful developer pointing out valid concerns" when his concerns are - in reality - utter nonsense.
One common tactic he has is to say "technology x has a problem" and when you point out that it's not the technology he backs off to "application that implements technology x has a problem" but once you try to actually get him to understand that, he ignores it and shifts back to "I already proved that technology x has a problem" while jumping in with personal attacks and so on.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:18:11
You missed one type of owner:
* Users who consider it a currency and use it for some or all of their daily use of currency.
I'll admit, we're a small bunch at the moment, but we do exist and we're growing in numbers.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:03:17
When bitcoin reaches those kind of valuations, there will be (or will need to be in order for it to stay that way) two distinct aspects that make it different:
1. People will be paid in bitcoin more often than now, reducing the need for centralised exchanges with their own fees and control over what those fees are.
2. Almost all "real world" transactions will happen off-chain with a single on-chain transaction representing a very large number of off-chain transactions.  Any exchange that doesn't implement the ability to withdraw via the Lightning Network or other second layer system will fall in to obscurity as people move to those that do.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:36:42
Or we realise the others don’t have valid use cases and are not better in any scenario.
@_date: 2019-05-29 04:08:44
That very much depends on where in the world you are.
My 8 year old gets half her pocket money in BTC and knows exactly how and where to spend it (including the ice-cream shop about 2 minutes walk away from her school).
Don't make the mistake of thinking because you don't see local adoption in your area that there isn't local adoption elsewhere.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:39:12
Any method other than downloading blocks from the date you want onwards will almost definitionally be more work. 
What would you even do with such a giant CSV file???
@_date: 2019-05-09 12:57:31
I don't see any highly heated emotions anywhere in those twitter discussions.
Some people are calling it as they see it without pulling punches.  For people with opposing opinions, this may seem "emotional", but I'd just call it open and honest.
I'll also happily say that  gave some pretty stupid advice and did it in a pretty stupid way.  If he - or anyone else - finds that statement offensive, I honestly don't care.  Offence only exists if you choose to be offended.  I'd much rather have discussions about the actual merits and problems with ideas than whether someone is emotionally influenced by the way those ideas are expressed.
Also: My opinions about this particular instance of what he did also has no bearing on my opinions about anything else he's said or done.  I don't somehow view his many talents and achievements as any lesser just because of this.  I don't think I can point to a single developer that contributes to Bitcoin core who hasn't said or done something monumentally stupid at least once.
@_date: 2019-05-08 09:51:50
Talking *about* something and trying to talk someone *in to* something are very different.
You shouldn't assume the latter just because they said they do the former.
@_date: 2019-05-13 11:54:38
You're still very young.  Try asking someone over 40 (or 50) how long 3 years is.
Take advantage of that, since you've got way more time ahead of you than us old people and therefore more time to enjoy the value you derive from 3 (or 5, or 10, or more) years than we have.
(and regarding the timeframe, never forget [this meme]( it's almost certainly truer than most people realise)
@_date: 2019-05-04 16:43:19
Far more real than fiat.
Bitcoin is provably created, provably owned, and provably transferred.  It's hard money.
Fiat is just numbers in a database, made up on a whim by a small bunch of people with no oversight.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:42:03
I still don’t see why it’s an issue. 
You accept BTC for something you sell. If you choose to value it at x at the time of making a sale to a customer for an item you price in USD, then you accept any risks of changing value (in either direction) in the meantime. 
I’m also confused what the USD Exchange rate difference has to do with it anyway unless you’re immediately exchanging the received BTC for USD, in which case we’re back to the original problem being with USD, not BTC. Just keep the BTC and you won’t have this problem.
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:39:13
But you bought socks with that fiat, so clearly it wasn’t there earmarked for bills.
Fair enough though... I am aware not everyone can go 100% BTC yet, so let me rephrase slightly: why keep any more money than necessary in fiat?
@_date: 2018-12-08 17:52:32
For me, it's "forever".  Why would I exchange a good form of money for a bad one?
Although it does depend how you define "hold"... as in, I don't ever 'sell' it for fiat and never intend to, but I certainly do spend it on goods and services that I want/need.
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:31:16
Just because you say your question is honest, that doesn't automatically make it so (even if it's not intended to be dishonest, it most definitely is).
There are a large number of possible reasons for the answer to the second half of your question without having anything to do with whether "bitcoin is legitimate" or not.  An **honest** question would be to ask the same thing with the first four words removed.
My answer to that question is: I think there isn't a $330 premium.  Bitfinex list their price in Tether (USDT) and other exchanges list their price in dollars (USD).  The difference between USDT and USD accounts for the apparent premium.
@_date: 2019-05-05 21:33:55


No it wouldn't, it'd be less secure.
Bitcoin is valuable because of a combination of properties.  If any of these properties disappear, it becomes valueless.  One of these properties is that it's secure.  The way that PoW makes it secure is by provably doing work (hence the name).  You can't cheat that, because "work" is a fundamental function of the universe.
Unless you can come up with a security mechanism that uses a different fundamental function of the universe, it'll be inherently less secure than PoW, making Bitcoin less valuable.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:35:03
Show me how some “crypto” has use that outweighs its downsides and I’ll be fine to agree to that. So far, all I see are attempts at fixing nonexistent problems in Bitcoin that leave the result broken in fairly fundamental ways.
@_date: 2019-05-29 04:16:43


I do use my BTC (since I don't hold fiat and do still need to eat, look after my family, and all those normal "life" things) but I also try to save as much as I can.
I do have a similar goal of buying some nice income generating property at some stage as well.  I definitely wouldn't spend all my savings on it, but once it gets to the point that around half to two-thirds of my BTC can buy me a fresh-built apartment complex (or get one built), I'll probably go for it.
Right now I technically already own "income generating property" but it's more of a traditional retirement plan in that every cent it earns right now goes straight to the property manager that looks after it for me, so it's not actually earning me anything immediately visible.  That's my main fallback: if everything else somehow falls apart, either I sell it, or I go live there.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:02:24
It's a side effect of the way bitcoin works.  So yes, fees can be higher than the value you're sending.  However fees don't scale with value, so it can cost the same to send the value of a 40 foot yacht as it costs to send the value of a cheeseburger.
This obviously makes the bitcoin blockchain much more useful/valuable for larger transactions than small ones.  That's why new technologies like Lightning Networks are being implemented in order to handle the smaller transactions.
@_date: 2018-12-07 20:52:40
Being an immutable, global, peer to peer ledger of a limited supply currency with significant energy provable expended on it to ensure the immutability.
@_date: 2019-05-05 07:53:54
Depends on your tolerance for fees and your definition of "large amounts".  Doing it through someone like [ would be very easy, but you definitely won't get the best possible exchange rate since that's how they make money as a business.
Personally I quite like them and use them for paying off my credit card.  That allowed me to finally hold zero fiat.  I use BTC directly when and where possible; when not, I use my credit card, which I then pay off using BTC.  I find the small premium they take on their side to be well worth it and something I'm happy to pay in order to have access to this useful service.
@_date: 2019-05-25 03:18:34


Just for reference, saying this kind of thing makes you sound like an asshole.
If you want to convince someone, you need to provide actual evidence, not just talk down to them like you're superior.


I disagree.  Proof of stake is built on the human construct of ownership.  Proof of work is built on the physical property of energy.  Human constructs can be faked, bribed, or otherwise cheated.  Physical properties of the universe can't be.  Therefore - definitionally - proof of work is more secure than proof of stake.
You could argue that proof of stake is "secure enough for our needs" and then we'd need to really go in to details, but there is no reasonable way to claim it is anywhere near the ballpark of security that proof of work provides.
@_date: 2019-05-13 08:33:14
When you have a business model based on the success of bitcoin and one of your employees asks to be paid in bitcoin, it’d look pretty bad if you didn’t make the effort!
@_date: 2019-05-29 03:52:30
What I would personally do is irrelevant because I don't own a small restaurant.
What I can say is that in my experience of eating and drinking at multiple places that accept BTC in different locations around the world, they all accept zero-conf, with a smaller percentage of those only accepting it if RBF is disabled for that transaction (the staff themselves don't understand this of course, but their payment terminal software is designed that way).
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:07:35
I don't know what extra fees you're talking about; my transactions are essentially instant; and why would I want to dispute a transaction, since I am the only one capable of making it in the first place? (unlike credit card where essentially anyone who has ever had my details can use it as much as they want and a dispute process is therefore required).
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:45:36


This is an annoying one, but it's small and once per month for me, so I deal with it for the moment.  Once my employer pays me directly in bitcoin, I get to avoid this one as well.


Tiny and worth it.


No merchant has ever charged me an extra fee for using bitcoin (the BitPay payment processor does, but I avoid them because they do a lot of pretty shady stuff that I strongly disagree with).
I also take exception to the term "back in to currency".  It already is a currency.  I think you mean, "in to a different currency"


I don't understand what the volatility of the exchange rate has to do with the prices.  A merchant's price in bitcoin may change as the exchange rate fluctuates if they're pricing it in the fiat currency (which well over 99% of them do), but volatility works in both directions, so it evens itself out either way (and looking at it from that perspective, coins that I exchanged for under $10 worth of fiat and spent on things worth thousands of dollars have got to put me pretty far "in the green"... I just don't usually look at it from that perspective)


I've literally never had this issue in my life.  And if I did, then how would it be any different than if I'd paid with cash?   And if I paid with a credit card and did a "charge back", the vendor could of course dispute that.  At some point, there'd need to be a legal process involved and this is true regardless of the payment method isn't it?


Currently, it's not for everyone.  I never said it was.  I'd dispute that you need to be computer literate, but you do need to be bitcoin literate (it's not the same thing at all).  That will get better as the technology grows and matures and applications with better user experience are built around it.  We're still in the *very* early days of this technology.
@_date: 2018-12-08 09:57:10
Five reasons:
1. The closer you spend it to the time that you get it, the less important the volatility is.  Sure, it costs a lot more BTC now to buy groceries than it did a year ago, but I also make more BTC every paycheque, because my pay (just like the price of groceries) is denominated in euro, not bitcoin.
2. Look at the dates... I got back in to bitcoin in 2011.  Coins I acquired then are still thousands of times more valuable at the moment than when I got them.  What used to be "leftover change" of "a few BTC" is now a serious amount of money.
3. I have never engaged in speculation, trying to trade my BTC back and forth with different currencies in the hope of increasing how much I have.  I know that it's possible to make money that way, but it's also possible to lose a lot, and I suspect I wouldn't be very good at it, so would likely lose far more than I make, so I simply don't do it.
4. Although I don't see Bitcoin as an investment (but rather a currency), that doesn't mean that I don't have investments.  I own a house (no mortgage) in another country and have a portfolio of traditional stocks in companies that I both agree with morally/politically as well as see as being likely to increase in value over time (on average, they absolutely have).  If I ever find myself having a lot of money lying around (note that for me, that means BTC), I'll generally funnel it in to either these existing investments or make a new investment.
5. I have a good job (six figures p.a. in euro/dollar terms).
@_date: 2019-05-09 09:54:39


To answer that, I'd have to ask what you mean by "Bitcoin".  To me personally, the supply algorithm is fundamental to what Bitcoin is, therefore anything that doesn't have this algorithm (and therefore this limit of 21 million coins) is definitionally *not* Bitcoin.


Then they'd have more than 21 million of their shitcoin fork, and we'd each still have our share of the 21 million *real* Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-13 03:37:42


An ignorant what?  Ignorant is an adjective, not a noun.


Bloated: This word means "made larger than necessary", this would seem to be the opposite of the intended effect.
Obfuscated: Yes, I do expect malware code to be obfuscated whenever possible.  This tends to make it larger though, so on embedded devices it is something the malware author will have to consider carefully.
Compressed: Sure, but if you compress code on an embedded device, you often end up with the opposite effect of what you intended since you also need the code to decompress it again.  This of course depends on the difference in the size of the executable code compressed vs uncompressed in comparison to the size of the part that decompresses it.  It's certainly possible to fit code in to some smaller space with this, but only if you were being pretty inefficient to begin with.  For the kind of code on a device like a Ledger, it's pretty unlikely.  It's not a general purpose computer and the code is likely already written to be as "direct use of the hardware" as possible rather than running through some kind of interpreter or having been compiled around a specific OS.


No, I'm not.  I'm making educated assumptions about known realities.  This isn't a case of "a good dev can make it fit", it's a case of "there is no way in hell that kind of program can run on that kind of hardware".  No matter how good of a dev someone is, they can't port Doom to your cheap bedside alarm clock, because the hardware simply doesn't allow it.  This is the same kind of thing.


It's one of the several measures I used in my response to you, not the only one.  And yes, security professionals most certainly *do* consider the capabilities of a piece of hardware in determining whether it's going to be able to pull off certain kinds of attacks.
A good friend of mine is one such security professional.  He recently found a "weird USB device" connected to a client's server and ruled out a keylogger/network spy device (the first obvious concerns) based on the fact that it had neither communication nor writable memory hardware.  It turned out to be a USB hardware dongle for activation of a piece of software the company had never used according to everyone that worked there.  How it got there, no idea, but that's beside the point; the security assessment most certainly did take the hardware's capabilities in to account when determining what threat the device may pose.
@_date: 2019-05-10 11:13:05
Quite a lot through.... we're over €5600 right now.
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:21:57


The value in bitcoin is an inefficient data storage mechanism?
If that were true, it really would be sad.  Thankfully, the value in bitcoin is in the combination of the technical aspects of proof-of-work, public key cryptography, blockchain, merkle trees, and the economic aspects of limited supply, reward based distribution, and the methodology of fees taking over for new coin generation to ensure the system remains secure once new coin distribution is no longer sufficient.  (plus probably a few things I missed)


Some things remain on chain... mostly channel management of off-chain systems.


How are fees high if nothing is happening on chain?  This contradicts the last thing you said.


No one is voluntarily paying higher fees to incentivise miners.  You pay higher fees to get priority inclusion in a block over those who pay lower.  The only way to have fees be anything but the minimum allowable by code is to limit block space.  If blocks were unlimited, everyone would pay the minimum and the amount of mining would drop significantly due to the cost of mining vs the reward received.
Thankfully, block space is limited, so there is competition for fees and miners are and will continue to be incentivised by the fees that this brings them.
@_date: 2019-05-13 15:59:05
Also very true. 
The only way it’d be “less traumatic” (and what I hope to see) is if the reason for the hyperinflation is flight in to bitcoin and the fiat currencies are dying their natural death.
@_date: 2018-12-19 07:37:29
I'm aware of (and thankful for) that.  My main concern is that it seems the balance is shifting in the wrong direction over the last few years.  I'm hoping it's just a cyclical thing and will shift back, but it's honestly hard to say.  Having been watching it from outside for nearly 40 years now, it does feel worse now than even during the days of the "red scare".
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:12:38
So then, why email and not a website? 
Providing a web address with the information is easier for everyone, in every way, than an email autoresponder.
@_date: 2017-05-28 19:12:26
Should be just the same.
@_date: 2019-05-10 12:07:52
Their reliability is irrelevant.  Any coin issued by a centralised authority (be it a company, government, or whatever else) is automatically suspect since it's almost certainly going to have some level of centralised control which defeats the entire point.
If they can release a truly public coin which they have no control over (and no one else does either), then I'd applaud their ethics, but question their business sense (since it's extremely likely they could've just used Bitcoin and it'd be better in every single way, including their own profits if they want to be a money transmitter through their platform and take a cut).  If they release a private coin where they and/or other parties have control, then I'd understand the business decision but consider it ultimately worthless since it won't be able to compete with open systems and will fall prey to overregulation from governments exerting their control.
@_date: 2018-12-09 07:31:49
And still up 300% from two years ago.
What's your point?  It's got a very volatile exchange rate against fiat currencies.  Yep, I think pretty much everyone is aware of that at this point.
That doesn't change a single thing about what makes bitcoin interesting or useful for me.
@_date: 2018-12-04 08:51:19
Okay, good to know.
I'm sure if any of that work could be helpful and doesn't disrupt other important aspects (I've not gone far enough in to the code to really say for sure), someone will submit a pull request to Bitcoin Core with the same changes in due time and then after appropriate review, it'll get merged.
@_date: 2018-12-20 10:06:19
As an important addition that often isn't stated: don't use mobile wallets on phones that have been "rooted".  The same thing that gives you more freedom to do what you want also gives more freedom to malicious software to do what it wants.  It makes it similar in risk to using a desktop wallet (with no malware protection).
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:04:11
Why would I willingly hold on to any fiat any longer than necessary?  If my fiat account isn't sitting at zero, there's something wrong.
@_date: 2019-05-03 09:40:50
The "best way" will depend a lot on when you do it.
I'd hope that the best way for you when you decide to is simply "not to need to" because it's already liquid enough for you to use directly or indirectly for all goods and services that you need.
Right now, that is the case for me, but I'm well aware it's not the case for everyone.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:45:22
I'd rather not go in to details on my finances on the internet.
Suffice to say: I only own one house (mortgage free) and I drive a late model Ford Focus.  My two kids are in a private school, and I don't have any outstanding debt.  So yes, I'm definitely doing better than the average, but most of that is through having a good job and being paid well for it rather than from appreciation of my savings.  I do own some expensive toys that I paid for with BTC though that I am quite certain I wouldn't have bought if it weren't for BTC's appreciation over the year.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:44:05


Out of interest, why?
@_date: 2018-12-09 19:21:47


False.  The *current proof of work implementation* uses known algorithms on current microchips and current microcode.
Although this might sound like nitpicking, it is an important distinction because of the next answer.


Of course computing power keeps increasing.  Whether Moore's law holds or not is actually pretty debatable, but even if it does and even if we move to completely different kinds of computing, all that means is that the possible hash rate going in to a proof of work system will be much greater than currently.  It doesn't fundamentally alter the concept of what proof of work is doing at all.


Firstly: I am "some sort of autist".  I was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome around 30 years ago.  Using it as an insult is demeaning and I recommend you don't do so anymore.
Secondly: The talk about the physical world is extremely important and relevant because computers run in the physical world.  They are not magic.
I'll try to explain.  The universe can be described in terms of information theory.  For example, the "speed of light" isn't actually really all that specific to light.  Nor is it the fastest that "something can go" in the universe.  It is however the fastest that **information** can be transmitted from one part of the universe to another.
Similarly, energy expenditure is best described in terms of increasing entropy.  Locally decreasing entropy through power usage will have *at least* an equivalent amount of entropy increase elsewhere to balance it out.  By all our methods of using power, the increase in entropy is much larger than the local decrease in entropy that we're achieving with our task.  This - in the language of physics - is the basics of the concept called **work**.  As it happens, entropy can actually also be best described in terms of information as well.  Entropy is the decrease in the uniformity of information within the universe.  That is, as entropy increases, information becomes less uniform (more chaotic).
All of this sounds pretty unrelated to bitcoin, until you notice again that we're talking about **work**.  Proof of work is talking about this kind of work.  You are providing mathematical evidence (a hash that matches a particular difficult to match pattern) that you have performed the work that must be necessary to generate that.  It doesn't matter how powerful or complex computers become, "work" is a fundamental property of the universe and if you can prove you've done it, someone has to put in the same effort (do the same work) to provide an equivalent proof that theirs is right instead.
The amount of work doesn't matter, as long as it's a high enough percentage of the total work that could be done.  So, if a new computing paradigm is created that can perform work a billion times better than current ASICs, all it means is that the difficulty of the network will quickly rise a billion times.  If the distribution of access to this new computing paradigm is roughly equal to the distribution of access to current computing systems, the relative hash rate of each mining operation would also stay roughly the same as would the risk of any kind of attack.
What gets quite interesting from a theoretical standpoint is that one day this has to run out.  We know that work is a fundamental property of the universe and it appears to be very likely that the universe is fundamentally quantum (not a buzzword: simply means "made up of discrete packets of information" in that there is a "smallest amount of energy" and "a smallest size" and so on; you can't just keep getting smaller forever).  These two facts together must mean there is a "most efficient" way of doing proof of work.  Once you hit this limit, it's impossible to create anything more efficient - the universe simply doesn't allow it in the same way that it doesn't allow you to travel faster than light (because "you" are information).  That limit is so far off though, it's more of a theoretical 'goal' that you're aiming towards but never actually reach.  There'll always be small further improvements that move us closer to the goal likely without ever reaching it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 11:22:46


Again, no you don't, nor does anyone else.
Also, that - nor anything else in your reply - fails to answer the point I made that you do not know whether it's going to go up, go down, or stay level at any point.  If you had sold at $1800, thinking it was the top, you'd have been wrong and may never get more BTC at that dollar value.


I neither know, nor care, nor see how it's relevant to anything I've said.


I have no interest in investing in Bitcoin nor in any kind of speculative trading at all.  I have good investments in other things, which are long term stable investments.  I don't gamble or buy/sell things looking to make quick profit.
Bitcoin is a currency and I use it as a currency, not a speculative investment market.
@_date: 2019-05-11 08:13:01
"A blockchain" can be, but that's as uninteresting as saying that a database can be.  A blockchain is just a particular way of storing data that happens to be extremely useful for Bitcoin but hasn't been shown to have many (if any) practical applications elsewhere.
The question needs to be about Bitcoin, and for that already gave you a good answer.
@_date: 2019-05-06 13:12:23
Don't trust. Verify.
@_date: 2019-05-17 14:24:38
That is far from guaranteed.
@_date: 2018-12-15 12:33:51
!lntip 666
@_date: 2019-05-27 04:11:46
This is why I said I was wondering if we have different definitions of socialism.  It appears we do.
You appear to be thinking of one particular narrow view of socialism, whereas I consider socialism to be any system whereby there is social ownership of significant aspects of the civilisation.  For example, this may be social ownership of commons such as roads, or it may extend right through to "no private ownership of any kind".
I prefer as much social ownership as possible within a society, but not at the expense of personal freedoms except where that is for the greater good of all members of the society.  Since "complete social ownership" is essentially impossible without an authoritarian leadership that will reduce personal freedoms to an extent that I can not agree to, I am generally against that.
It's also important to consider the distinction between "central planning" and "planning".  I think Bitcoin proves very well that you can have strict rules, planning, and enforcement within a system without needing a centralised body of any kind at all.  I agree that socialism requires planning, but I reject that it requires *central* planning.  So I would even argue that Bitcoin is *highly compatible* with socialism and even acts to improve it (from the perspective of a non-authoritarian socialist).
@_date: 2019-05-05 06:25:48
Eventually, the universe will end.  Be it via entropy increasing to a maximum, a dark-energy "big rip", or some other means, it will be gone.  There will be no way to meaningfully describe time or energy, even if there were someone around to do so (which there wouldn't be, by definition).
Up until that point though, yep, I'm with you.
@_date: 2019-05-04 13:18:17
Technology definitely allows for more efficiency in energy use, but even that must have a limit.  At absolute best, it's defined by limits such as Planck length, time, and energy but realistically for humans it's probably at a much, much higher level.
@_date: 2018-12-29 06:34:26
I'll agree that it's a current weak point, compared to how it could be but there are many ways to get bitcoin without buying it from an exchange.  Work for it; sell things for it; exchange fiat for it peer-to-peer; etc.  So, the original point still stands.
@_date: 2019-05-17 07:04:32
Almost exclusively...
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:29:07
Other than Bitcoin, there are somewhere between zero and "very few" sensible/useful use cases for a blockchain.
NIST summed it up quite nicely: [ (figure 6 on page 42 is enough if you don't want to read the whole thing; but if you disagree with the chart, the rest of the document will help you understand why)
@_date: 2019-05-11 06:23:04
To me, $ is worse than €, but it's pretty close.
Suffice to say, neither is something I'd consider a long term viable currency of any kind.  They're both somewhere above BCH and somewhere below ETH, but it's a rounding error when compared to how far away they all are from BTC.
@_date: 2018-12-08 08:11:51


Show me a single coin that has advantages over bitcoin and **doesn't sacrifice a fundamental property** such as decentralisation, security, or immutability.
@_date: 2018-12-29 05:23:13
Whether that's true or not, it's a separate discussion and beside the point.
Your bank can stop you sending any amount to any other person entirely at their discretion and you'll have to argue to be allowed to send "your money" somewhere.  There isn't an institution on earth that can stop me making a bitcoin transaction of any amount that I have to any other address I'm aware of.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:27:17
I don't think a large percentage of coins are stored on desktop wallets, and even fewer of those on Windows.
@_date: 2019-05-10 05:10:30
That’s much easier to argue against by pointing out that scammers exist in all ecosystems and Bitcoin’s advantages are far more significant in comparison. 
That usually then requires a detailed explanation of the real advantages, since most people really still don’t get it and consider only small corners of the whole depending on how they first became aware of it.
@_date: 2018-12-13 08:48:04


I am politically "left" aligned for the most part, and I disagree with this completely.
1. Bitcoin's monetary policy is democratic.  If you disagree with the current rules, run code with your own.  If at least one other person agrees with you, then congratulations you have a currency network chosen by you and your peers.  However don't expect anybody else to use it or call it bitcoin if you're a small minority.  If you're the majority, it will naturally get called bitcoin and used as bitcoin.  This is inherently democratic.
2. I don't want people (whether democratically chosen or not) having the power the decide my monetary policy at will.  Many democratic institutions involve democratically electing someone to have near ultimate power.  This is not what I want from my democracy but it's what exists in most of the democratic world when it comes to money.
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:14:38


If you ever want to trade your "dirty" coins for "clean" ones (at - let's say 1.25:1 ratio), I'd be happy to do so with you.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:15:31
But since it's not just "any" random string, getting a letter wrong won't mean you lose your coins - it just won't leave the exchange.  Accidentally entering an incorrect but valid address would be a very rare occurrence.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:42:47
Who said anything about going broke?
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:35:28


I disagree entirely.  A log chart is the only chart that shows percentage changes accurately.  It's a linear chart that makes it appear different than it really is.
That is, a log chart will show a 100% gain from $1 to $2 with the same distance as a 100% gain from $10000 to $20000.  It will also show a 50% loss from $20000 to $10000 with the same distance as a 50% loss from $2 to $1.
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:18:39
Because you open a few channels in advance of your actual need to transact.  This shouldn't be time critical for you, so you pay low fees.
You then continuously use these channels for transactions over a long time period.
It is not necessary to open a channel with each person you intend to transact with.  That would defeat the point (and would be "a bunch of independent payment channels" rather than a *network*).
@_date: 2019-05-31 12:26:37
"Confirmations" aren't actually a thing.  It's just a shorthand way of saying, "how many new blocks are on top of the block that holds this transaction?" since in order to undo or change your transaction, you'd need to be able to recreate all of the blocks on top since then, which is a lot of work (that you "prove" through mathematics; hence "proof of work").
The only time any software even looks at your old transactions is when you tell it to, or when it's checking through the copy of the blockchain that it has to ensure that it's all valid and correct.
@_date: 2019-05-06 17:27:29
I agree with wanting that.  Just because you want something though it doesn't mean you can make false statements that further that agenda without someone calling you out on it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 10:24:35


No it isn't.  You can talk about the exchange rate of course (and many do), but that's as meaningful as saying that US Dollars are priced in Venezuelan Bolivars just because you can also talk about that exchange rate.


No it isn't.  It just isn't.


How? I never gave that info to them.  I'll agree that if I gave them this info, they'd have it, but that's kind of obvious isn't it?


Not pay it?  Vote 'them' out?
What's your point here exactly though?  If they wanted to put an 80% tax on buying chewing gum, they could do that too.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:58:12
Nope, no speech.  Just that I fundamentally disagree with everything you said and that I think you're an idiot who can't stay on topic and just switches to something else when someone gives him something he's unable to answer.
So, have a nice day, fuckhead.
@_date: 2018-12-05 09:22:27
Not at all.  Either they'd scrap the equipment, in which case the global hash rate would go down, but so would any opportunity for an attack; or (more likely) they'd sell them, in which case the global hash rate would stay the same, just with other people running the equipment.
Edit: To clarify, the hash rate itself isn't relevant to the security of the network.  What is relevant is the hash rate being used compared to the hash rate that could theoretically be used.  So, a risk is when there's a large amount of hashing capability doing something else (or nothing else).  This is the risk that BCH faces for example, as if a large number of BTC miners suddenly decided to 'attack' that chain, they could do so.
Under normal circumstances, it's still not actually worth attacking anything though, since it's more profitable for the owner of the equipment to just use it as intended.  For Bitcoin to face a real risk, the equipment would need to be taken and used by an actor that has incentive to cause problems for Bitcoin that outweigh the economic value of using that equipment for legitimate mining (this actor would also need to have additional equipment as well, since I don't believe that Bitmain actually has anywhere near 50% of the global hash power despite what some people claim; many participants to their pool are private individuals and small businesses who would switch to another pool if Bitmain's pool suddenly stopped accepting connections).
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:42:25


No... it isn't.  In fact, the exchange rate between bitcoin and USD is at best a secondary indicator of how well it's doing, but even that is being extremely generous and it's probably better to say it's essentially irrelevant.


So, it's bad for increasing your wealth.  Okay.  I'm not sure I agree, but even if that were true, it's irrelevant since it's not the point of it.  That's like saying Ford has failed because when I tried to drive to Hawaii, my car just sank.


I'll agree that adoption as a currency isn't where many may like it to be at this point, but it's still reasonably good and is constantly increasing/improving.  So, rather than calling it "failed", wouldn't "slower to take off than I would like" be more accurate?
@_date: 2019-05-12 18:43:00
Wow, that was polite...
You don't need to read code to have an idea of its properties.  For example, a full blown modern word processor is "much larger" than a recreation of the original PacMan.  While you can't be precise about the exact size of it, you can have a reasonable idea of the scale you're talking about.
Code that communicates data (of any size or kind) from the Ledger hardware to the outside world, via the USB cable, without being detectable by typical USB analysis, only under specific circumstances, and is able to interface to a network interface on at least the 3 most common operating systems (Windows, MacOS, Linux) is significantly larger than the hardware of the Ledger is capable of storing and executing.
Note that I'm not just pulling this from my arse.  I have a background in software architecture for embedded systems (although these days I'm in management).  I know how this kind of thing works.  I'm not saying that to try and say that I'm right by authority/experience, but just that if you don't believe me, please go read a few things and come back with actual counterarguments instead of just swearing and insulting me.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:35:46
Fees in sat/bytes will probably rise, but it'll likely never be so high that 0.01 BTC isn't "worth it" for an on-chain transaction.  Fees tend to balance out against use, so before it reached that point, the pressure to do transactions off-chain would be high enough to start pushing the fees in the other direction.
In general, it should always be the case that 1 sat/byte transactions will eventually clear, but you might be waiting a while.
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:59:57
Yes... as per what I already wrote, I'd estimate it somewhere over 99.5%.
@_date: 2018-12-12 10:05:21
Mine go to my wife and kids.  The plan is in place and my daughter and wife know exactly what to do (my son not so much, but he's 4 years old).
Because of the lack of a good technical solution currently, I have a non-technical solution that should be pretty much foolproof (my 7 year old daughter is totally fine with how it goes).  Unfortunately a part of the solution involves secrecy since if I said what I've got set up, it would become less secure.  This is by far the least satisfactory part of it.   
 I'm hoping to migrate the entire thing to a proper technical solution once one becomes available/feasible.
@_date: 2018-12-20 10:51:45


I'm sorry, do what now?
I don't ever exchange my bitcoin for fiat.  That seems backwards and stupid to me.


Do you honestly think any civilised nation would let that happen without some kind of citizen's uprising?


You think governments can just trample the will of the people with no reprisals?  Don't forget that military and police are people too.


This is one of the most ridiculous theories I've heard yet.
@_date: 2018-12-05 08:01:48
Absolutely. I tend to be moderately left-leaning but still consider financial sovereignty to be critical to personal liberty and protection from the risks inherent in organised society (which I nevertheless consider worth it to strive for, for the greater good of all). 
The problem from my perspective is extreme political views on either side. Those who equate personal liberty with the extreme right are generally extreme-left and give those of us with moderate left-leaning views much more headaches than anyone on the “other side” of the political spectrum ever does. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 21:00:43
6 month roadmap looks good.
A few questions:
1. When do you think you will have international support?  I see it on the roadmap, but since I'm not in the US, there's no way I can even begin to try things until this is available.
2. If I send to a phone number, does the recipient have a choice of using an existing/alternative wallet, or do they have to use DropBit?
3. Relatedly, is there any way to assign an address to a contact, so that sending to a contact simply sends to that address instead of using the phone number system?
4. Do you plan to support multisig within the wallet? (I'm looking for something whereby I can let my kids have their own wallet, and I have to "approve" it from mine by signing their partially signed transaction)
5. Does or will the wallet support batching?  I currently batch a lot of transactions since most vendors I deal with don't do Lightning yet.
6. You mention Bech32 send... what about receive?
7. You mention "12 recovery words"... do you also support 24 word seed phrases?  Can you clarify more about what standards you support?
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:31:22
Your website doesn’t appear to offer any of the advice you claim can be received by email. It just offers your services. 
I understand you want to run a business and make money. That’s fine and I even think that this is a good business and something that people would be interested in having and paying for. But so far, I find your post and responses to my comments to be dishonest by omission (you haven’t lied, but you have avoided uncomfortable truths such as that this is a direct advertisement for a service that you make money from rather than the generous free service you initially portrayed it as).
@_date: 2018-12-06 21:01:53
Sounds good to me.
Just to be clear, I'm not frustrated with you because I believe you're just "badmouthing bitcoin" or anything like that.  I'm frustrated because it seems you're failing to understand what I'm trying to explain to you.  Every reply I've made to you, I've tried my best to explain where I see that you're wrong, and then in your reply there's not a single line even addressing any of the new information I raised, instead either going off on another tangent or repeating what was already said.  It really is extremely frustrating, since it does seem to me that you still fundamentally misunderstand how bitcoin works under the hood.
I'll take a look at your demo server either tomorrow or over the weekend when I've got some time.  If I can, I'll even try to provide you some constructive feedback about it.  For now, I've got to get to bed since it's getting late-ish here (10pm) and I've got to be up early to take my daughter to piano practice before school.
@_date: 2018-12-06 13:38:51










Okay... apparently when you use the word "scaling" you mean something different to pretty much everyone else.  But fine, going with your definition:
1. Why do you expect a typical merchant to store the entire blockchain?
2. When a full node is required, isn't pruning okay?
3. What do cumulative writes have to do with anything?  The whole point of putting transactions in blocks is that you're not dealing with each transaction individually.  And if you mean incoming transactions in the mempool: again, by keeping blocks reasonably small and using second layers, the number of on-chain transactions won't reach scales where cumulative write request performance becomes an issue (essentially because they'd never get processed).


Correct.  Bitcoin is easier by *not having any decimal places at all*.  I already said in my last reply that the base unit is the satoshi.  If you're dumb enough to write your code to consider the base unit being the bitcoin (100000000 satoshi) then that's your own damned fault.


The dollar and cent numbers, yes.  The same ones that you have to round for every other foreign currency.  You never round the number of satoshis anywhere because it's a whole number.


I completely agree and I also even said that we need applications with better UX.  But - to say it again as clearly as I can - this is *not* a problem with Bitcoin, this is a problem with the current application ecosystem using Bitcoin.  We can (and should) make new applications that are better than the existing ones.  There are no fundamental problems with Bitcoin itself causing these issues, which is what you have been claiming.
@_date: 2017-07-30 18:09:47
The problem is that if you interpret this meme as meaning that, then you're likely to also interpret many others as being similar despite them also not being the case.  It becomes a self reinforcing belief.
I also believe your generalisation about "most men" is a gross exaggeration to the point of being sexist itself.  I'm not saying we don't have a problem with sexism in today's society - as we absolutely do - but I firmly believe it's a loud and noticeable minority of men causing the most visible issues rather than being anywhere near a majority.
As for the 'reverse', can you not interpret every "scumbag Steve" meme as implying that all men are self-centred assholes?  If not, why not?  Or even on a more general note, what about the constant complaints from that small but vocal minority of women that are constantly saying how bad *all* men are for their sexist behaviour?  I'd be willing to take that side of your bet if it weren't for the effort it would take to actually prove it.
In short: do women have to bear a lot of shit that men don't? Yes.  Is it unfair?  Yes.  Do I wish it were otherwise?  A resounding fucking yes.  But I implore you to pick your battles correctly and don't just go after things that *could* be sexist in the right context when that context isn't there.
@_date: 2018-12-22 03:25:54
So get your BTC elsewhere. Bitcoin is completely pseudonymous. Your transactions can only be linked to you if YOU gave that information out in the first place. 
@_date: 2018-12-23 05:01:51
No they wouldn’t. The miners would be, because they’d be expending energy on Proof of Work for invalid blocks. The nodes would still have exactly the same number of bitcoin (and it essentially costs nothing to do so). 
Sure, it’d cause transaction lag, but not for long since the economic pressure on the miners would mean that they would very quickly return to mining valid blocks again (and even: which ever miner does so first, wins most. That’s a very strong incentive). 
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:01:07


Sorry, that's simply ridiculous.
Taking the amount of energy used by the network (I'm not even going to argue about the validity of their number for this; I think it's wrong but even if it's right, it doesn't matter) and dividing it by the number of transactions being done would ONLY be valid if transactions were the thing by which bitcoin increased its energy usage.  That is, you'd then expect half as many transactions would use half as much energy and twice as many transactions would use twice as much energy.  But the fact is that the energy usage is almost entirely unrelated to the number of transactions.
I honestly don't care if the methodology underlying that index "has been anchored in peer-reviewed academic literature", it's simply wrong and stupid because it doesn't tell anyone anything useful.


If you really need a source, try [the source code]( of the most popular/reference network client.  It's simply how the network functions.
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:11:13
I'd consider myself 'mostly' left aligned and I don't see Proof of Stake as having a future (for technical reasons; not political, moral, or anything like that).  However, I also don't see Bitcoin's Proof of Work as wasteful.  In fact, I see it as the best possible use of energy almost by definition.
To explain: You only mine bitcoin if it's more valuable to do so than to use that energy on something else (otherwise, you'd rationally do that other thing).  This means that energy never need be wasted again (producing more than using) AND that it will find a natural equilibrium at the point of bitcoin's eventual true value (which will likely only fluctuate with the productive output of the world as a whole).  Bitcoin mining *eliminates* energy waste in the best case, not increases it.
@_date: 2018-12-28 19:28:59
@_date: 2018-12-19 16:21:08


What kind of timeframe is necessary to say I've "stopped" from your perspective?  Currently, I use mind-altering substances (to the extent that I'm clearly 'under the influence') around 3 to 4 times per year.  When my wife was pregnant (both times), I didn't use anything from 6 months before birth to 6 months after, so that I was always in a fit state of mind in case of any emergency.  From my perspective, that's enough to say that I'm not addicted.


Sorry to say, but you have a very naïve and pop-culture view of drugs and addiction.  Psychological addiction is a thing and can be to anything enjoyable.  Physical dependence is a thing and is a property of several (but certainly not all) recreational drugs.  Psychological addiction is generally classed as such when - and only when - it begins to be a detriment to the wellbeing of the individual or those in the individual's surroundings.
To be clear: I have formally studied the appropriate neuroscience involved in physical dependence and am well aware of the "reward feedback loop" you're talking about.  There are very few drugs that hijack or interfere with this system directly (notable ones that do are specific stimulants like amphetamine, methamphetamine, and cocaine).  Even most other highly addictive drugs are actually primarily addictive in that the withdrawals are very unpleasant, which is an effect of physical dependence rather than having anything to do with this reward system.


This is simply wrong and unless you can provide evidence to back it up, I don't see how you can claim it.


True, people drink alcohol because they enjoy it.  However that is not *addiction* for the majority (although I freely admit that alcohol is a highly addictive and highly dangerous drug; even compared to most of the "hard drugs" that you're taught to be scared of).  Also, responsible moderate alcohol use is not "at the expense of their long term happiness".  You're more likely to have increased long term happiness if you are well socialised, which in most societies means moderate consumption of alcohol (I'd prefer it if other psychoactives were more accepted, but I don't mind the occasional drink; I do avoid drinking too much though as I don't enjoy it).


In the short term, probably, but not in the long term.  Interesting statistic: Germany has a higher per-capita use of cannabis than the Netherlands.  In Germany it's strictly illegal and the laws are enforced.  In the Netherlands it's "tolerated" and sold over-the-counter to anyone over the age of 18.
Personally I don't use cannabis, for similar reasons to avoiding too much alcohol - I don't like being "out of control".  The drugs I do like are those where I am able to remain rational, even if I'm experiencing artificially altered emotions or perceptions.
The "beneficial use" argument is one that always annoys me.  Yes, if something has beneficial uses, it should be used for that (MDMA is great in combination with therapy for PTSD for example).  However, this should have no bearing on whether or not it is legal or illegal for personal recreational use.  The only thing that is relevant there is the question of unintended and uncontrollable harm.  We don't make skydiving illegal just because it's potentially dangerous and doesn't have "beneficial use" (and if you claim that the recreation aspect of it is beneficial, then I'll make the exact same claim for recreational drugs).
Everything in life has risks, but do those risks (when clearly and objectively analysed) both outweigh the positives of recreational use (including basic cognitive liberty) as well as the negative effects of keeping it illegal (e.g. dangers of black market impure drugs; black market secondary crime including murder and slavery; lack of education about responsible use; etc)?  If the answer is yes, then it should be illegal.  If the answer is no - which I truly believe it is for pretty much any substance you can name - the only responsible path is clear and careful legalisation.
@_date: 2018-12-05 08:54:17
I was similarly bored with it for a while.  Maybe it's just because I'm getting old and cranky, but recently I've actually been getting a bit annoyed.  Not with the exchange rate of fiat to bitcoin (because that's something I don't really care all that much about in the short term (unless it causes problems for my employer, since I work for a company in the bitcoin industry)) but with the decrease in the signal to noise ratio of most discussion.
I feel like there's a lot more "inane crap" in every discussion these days.  It doesn't even seem to matter all that much what the discussion is about: even discussions about "price" used to at least have more people weighing in with reasoned opinions (whether right or wrong is also irrelevant) than happens now.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:50:26
I  solo-mined 4 blocks on my computer at home, then deleted the client (along with the private key to the 200 BTC I'd mined) because it seemed less interesting than SETI and was just wasting my hardware.
@_date: 2018-12-07 08:58:14
That does sound like a real pain, but to be honest I'd say it's the fault of whoever let the software get to that state to begin with.
If I were managing that project (and again, that kind of thing is my day job), I'd be planning a large code refactoring for separating out "how we store data" vs "how we display data".  Essentially, I'd expect every instance of a currency to have an appropriate method/interface for getting a display value.  There is really no good excuse for storing any currency value in anything other than its base unit (even USD for example should be internally stored as a number of cents).  Also - to be frank - I'd never have let it get to that state to begin with, anything that doesn't have a separate concept for data storage and data display is fundamentally poorly designed.
As for the "preferred format" for a bitcoin display, I think you'll find it varies significantly across users and use cases.  I bought my car a few months back for 1.1BTC, but I bought a cup of coffee on Wednesday for 1.21mBTC (writing that as 0.00121BTC is of course possible, but would be annoying and prone to human error since we suck at numbers with significant leading zeroes).
Out of interest, how do you handle Indian numbering preferences in your system?  Without being able to show lakh values, you're probably unintentionally annoying a lot of customers (assuming you have customers in India or other regions that use that system and you have prices extending in to the lakh range).
@_date: 2019-05-03 10:19:46
A source of randomness to go along with them would be good too.
@_date: 2018-12-25 17:28:02
Favourite story (in a bittersweet way): I mined 4 blocks, with CPU, on my own, some time in 2010. Then I deleted it since it just seemed to be killing my hardware “for nothing”. 
While I wish I had known better, it’s also possible I wouldn’t have been as quick to start with Bitcoin properly (late 2011) had I not had that earlier experience. 
@_date: 2018-12-24 15:11:00
Number of subscribers to one or more subs on reddit is a very poor indicator of global adoption/interest.  There are far too many other factors involved such as crossover between early adopters and reddit usage (possibly "quite high" for bitcoin and "quite low" for iphone; but I don't have stats and - chances are - neither do you, so it's just guesswork).
Try comparing "number of people who have used an iphone" to "number of people who have used bitcoin" and you might start seeing how early we are.
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:17:31


Possibly less.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:57:57
What a surprisingly racist statement...
And I'd disagree that "no one's interested in them".  Germany is Europe's largest and most powerful economy.  Further than that, the page I linked in German actually initially talks about an EU decision rather than just a German one.
And just in case you were trying to wind me up: I'm not German, I just live here.
@_date: 2018-12-19 13:45:19
The incentive doesn't stop.
Every block, miners get fresh bitcoins (currently 12.5 BTC) as well as transaction fees from the transactions they included in the block.  The freshly minted coins halve every 210000 blocks (approx 4 years; started at 50BTC, then 25, now 12.5, next 6.25).
This means that even at the same amount of transaction fees per block, the transaction fees become a larger and larger percentage of the miners reward over time.  Once the number of freshly minted hits zero (too small to halve -&gt; zero), the miners will be living 100% off transaction fees.  However, that said, there are two important things to note:
1. Because it's a slow "halving" process, it takes a very long time to reach zero.  It will happen sometime around the year 2140.
2. Transaction fees are hovering around 0.1 to 0.2 BTC per block right now.  It could increase with increased demand for block space (like late last year), but even if it stayed exactly as is, that would mean that miners would be living 50% from transaction fees only 6 halvings from now (about 2041) and 90% from fees 10 halvings from now (around 2077).  So, transaction fees are relevant and important to miners much, much sooner than the point that no new bitcoin are created.  Once we get past \~95% of a miners income being fees, they will barely even notice a halving event since it's going to be less of a difference than the normal fluctuations in their income from "busy" and "quiet" times of the week/month/year in terms of transaction fees.
@_date: 2019-05-27 07:55:14
I think it is, it’s just a crappy font.
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:15:32
Honestly, I never actually checked and their website doesn't say.  They use a 3rd party payment provider (pey.de) to handle the transaction.  I assume it's the rate at the time of payment, since the bill itself is still denominated in euro rather than bitcoin.
Essentially, I just log in to the web portal, select to pay with bitcoin, and scan the QR code for destination and amount.  I've never actually taken the time to check what the exchange rate is between what I'm paying in BTC vs what my bill says in euro; only that it's "about right" at a glance (i.e. if I had a bill now, and it looked to be somewhat over 2mBTC/EUR but less than 2.5mBTC/EUR, I'd accept it as right).
I'll take a closer look next time I get a bill.  I expect that they're taking a bit extra to cover both the payment processor and any associated hassle of dealing with a reasonably uncommon payment method, but I don't think it's excessive given that every bill payment has looked "about right" (by the above top of the head estimate method) so far.
@_date: 2019-05-16 07:05:25
Other than the math error, I think you're also missing the point of what they just said... if there's USD hyperinflation, then $1,000,000,000 USD might only be worth what $1,000 USD to be worth.  In that case, I don't want a $1,000,000,000 BTC valuation because that'd be a big drop from where we are right now.
It's important to remember that fiat currencies aren't "stable".  They change value constantly (but with an overall direction of "down" by design).  Talking about BTC value in dollars and comparing it to dollar values at other points in time is disingenuous since the dollar wasn't stable over that period either.  It's one of the many reasons that I think "price" talk is worse than useless and is in fact a bad thing most of the time.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:46:52
Absolutely.  In my reference frame, I'm whizzing along at 1 second per second.
I can't guarantee my time-velocity in your reference frame though, although I estimate it's probably pretty close to 1s/s most of the time.
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:47:11
What an odd measurement... I understand what they’re saying but not whether they think there’s anything meaningful behind that value (in short: there isn’t). 
I think most major exchanges already trade significantly more than 12.5BTC every 10 minutes. After the next halving, it’ll be even easier to do higher rates than mining at 6.25BTC/10min. 
But it’s a totally useless number unless they think that Square is getting all its coins for sale directly from mining, which makes no sense to anyone who is familiar with Bitcoin at all. 
Their extrapolation about it skyrocketing the value is only valid if they can be sure all of two things that are both ridiculous:
1. ALL bitcoin being bought on Square are being held, not sold or spent. 
2. The demand is for specific amounts of BTC rather than value of that BTC (i.e. when the value increases, people will still buy the same amount of bitcoin rather than the same value in bitcoin.)
I don’t see how either of these could be remotely true.
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:06:26
Actually, I was meaning the "it was made to replace cash" part, not the "cash is untraceable" part.
Sure, I'll agree that cash is reasonable untraceable (theoretically you might be able to do some basic big picture tracking by recording serial numbers as it moves through institutions under your control; but since you have no way of tracking anything between that, it's not useful for detailed tracking).
However, creating something like Bitcoin as a replacement would be just about the stupidest thing that a government could do.  It's *far* easier for them to simply discourage cash through a number of means and encourage digital fiat alternatives.  This is already the case in many places like the Scandinavian countries, New Zealand, and many cities in England, where cash is almost never seen/used.
Bitcoin can be more traceable than cash, but since it's also possible to use it in untraceable ways, it's significantly less traceable than digital fiat.  Examples would be things like: transactions within the Lightning Network; paper wallets being physical handed around; reasonable doubt/complexity through mixing/coinjoin/etc.  If a government created it to be a "traceable replacement for cash", they did a *really* crappy job in designing it to fulfil this purpose.
@_date: 2018-12-08 08:28:10
Honestly, that's why I deleted it... I thought that if I'm going to 'destroy my hardware' I might as well do it for a 'good cause'.
It was 2011 when I realised what bitcoin *really* is, but I didn't get back in to mining.  I just starting buying and using it.  In 2016, I started switching as much as possible to bitcoin as a currency and I've now only got a few things left that I need to hold fiat to pay and I'm actively working on fixing those.
(to note: I do pay for quite a lot of things with fiat out of necessity, but for the vast majority of it, it's using a credit card that I then pay off in bitcoin, so I don't actually have to *hold* fiat to do so.  When and where possible, I do *prefer* to pay bitcoin directly to someone accepting it though, so I do my best to encourage adoption.  My landlord takes it for rent, and a small market in the village I live in takes it for groceries.)
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:36:10
Yes, everything I do with bitcoin you can do with fiat... except:
1. Send any amount of it instantly to anyone, anywhere in the world with no middleman
2. Be the only person with direct access to it without needing to have a single physical thing with me (with fiat, the closest thing is "carrying cash", but that's a physical thing)
3. Store it electronically, with no middleman
4. Prove beyond a doubt that I am the owner of it (a middleman such as a bank "saying so" is not 'beyond a doubt')
So yes, most of these use cases are related to middlemen.  If you don't mind having them, then sure, go ahead and use your fiat.  But don't come crying to me when suddenly they don't let you have access to 'your' money anymore.
@_date: 2018-12-10 10:07:06
If used properly, they absolutely do.
When I connect to my VPN, the traffic looks exactly like HTTPS.  There is no way anyone watching the traffic can even guess that it's VPN other than the amount of traffic being 'high' (so it could easily also be a low-def streaming video or any number of other things).
If they knew the destination address is a VPN provider, your ISP could block that (if requested by government for example), but if you have multiple potential connection points that continually get updated, they're really just playing whack-a-mole and you'll always win.
Regardless of whether they know you're connecting to a VPN or not, they absolutely can't see what you're doing inside the connection if it's established as intended.
However, they can:
* Do a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack where they pretend to be the VPN provider.  In the general case, you know the MITM is happening because they don't have a valid certificate, but if you're talking serious government intervention, they could apply pressure to the certificate providers and actually get a 'valid' certificate.  To avoid this, your VPN provider should have some way to verify themselves to you, so after connecting you perform the 'check' and if it comes back okay, you know you're really on that VPN, otherwise you're actually connected to a spy in the middle.  For myself, I don't have anything like this with my regular VPN provider, but for the VPN I run at home (not used for anonymity, just convenience), I'd know I wasn't really connected when I didn't see my usual home network topology after connecting.  Of course, this could be faked as well, but that's a whole further level and would have to be a targeted attack, not a general solution.
* Force the VPN to provide logs.  Simple solution here is to use a VPN provider that logs nothing (google and you'll find a few of them).
TOR provides an excellent level of security, but you should be careful only to send the traffic you want over it.  It's actually a bad idea to set up a general purpose router with TOR if you also use personal "normal" services over it.  This is because a government can (and does) run tor exit nodes, so they can monitor the data going over it.  If all they see is a bunch of bitcoin transactions, there's not really much they can do about it.  But if they see bitcoin transactions and you logging in to facebook, that's an entirely different story!
I regularly use TOR for various services that are only available as .onion sites.  On these systems, there is no relation to my 'real' self.  All usernames, passwords, etc are totally different to anything I use outside of those sites.  Some of these sites are eBay-like systems where I may want something physically sent to me by someone that is selling something there (generally things that are not legal to be sold, and thus a crime is being committed by performing the transaction).
On the site, the seller will provide a public key with which I can encrypt my private data (e.g. mailing address) BEFORE sending it over the network.  Many of these sites also allow you to put the private data in plaintext and have the site encrypt it, but in that case the exit node can see the cleartext being sent, so this is never a good idea.
The only real risk I run is at the seller side.  If the seller has low operational security and does something stupid like store my private data longer than they need it for, it may be compromised at a future point.  There's honestly not much I can really do about that unfortunately, so I tend to look for sellers who are actively aware of this and clearly state their processes around how they handle their customer data.  An alternative risk is that the seller is in fact a government agency pretending to be a seller, so I'm simply "giving" them my details.  This risk is lowered by the sites including "vendor ratings" so that I can see that there have been many successful purchases with that seller over a long time period from a range of different users each with their own diverse set of ratings on different vendors, which is much harder to fake (unless you are essentially pretending to be over half the users on the site for a long time-span, in which case it should become quite obvious to the site operator as well).
@_date: 2018-12-14 13:14:43
Not sure how up to date/accurate it is, but I see some hits on [CoinMap](
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:53:57
I think the chances of that are close to zero (as in, less than the chance of a global financial catastrophe causing everyone to turn to bitcoin as a true safe haven; and to be honest, I don't think that's very likely either).
However even if it did happen, it wouldn't affect me financially very much.  I'd just have to stop using bitcoin and instead go back to using euro (or something else).  That's kind of the point of "use it as a currency, not an investment".
I believe it's a far better form of money (both "as money" as well as "for the world in which we live") and therefore I want to use it and encourage others to do so, but the sudden inability to use it wouldn't cause me any particular hardships - only a mix of sadness that such a wonderful thing has failed and annoyance at myself that it did so against all my expectations (which would mean I'd somehow failed to see/understand something, since right now, I don't see any realistic way for that to happen).
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:27:55
Then to me, it sounds like you trust that that "cash cushion" of fiat will hold its value better than bitcoin will.
@_date: 2018-12-15 12:31:54


Because there is literally no way that any individual, company or government on earth has sufficient capability to:
1. rewrite Bitcoin's blockchain far back enough to erase the transactions where the bitcoin was sent to me;
2. figure out my private key(s) from publicly known addresses;
3. determine which addresses (other than a small number of empty ones associated with having sent myself BTC from an exchange) are ones that I have private keys for.
That's kind of the point of it.
@_date: 2018-12-11 13:13:15


If they were all equally meaningless and built on nothing but dreams and hopium, that'd be true.  However, they're "real things" and have properties that can be measured and compared.
When I compare the properties of them, I see "Bitcoin", "a few things with interesting ideas, but serious flaws", and "a bunch of totally useless crap".
I therefore divide my finances as:
* Bitcoin: 100%
* Interesting projects with serious flaws: 0%
* Useless crap: 0%
And my research/study/investigation as:
* Bitcoin: 90%
* Interesting projects with serious flaws: 9.9%
* Useless crap: 0.1% (just enough to check that I haven't missed something important)


Why do you assume this to be the case?  If bitcoin falls, they all fall.  If something is held up for a while through marketing or whatever, it may appear to be "doing okay" but will ultimately also fall since - as per my list above, it's either something with a serious flaw, or just useless crap.
@_date: 2018-12-05 09:12:51
If Bitmain does go out of business, you don't even need competition that's "decent", it just needs to be capable of doing the job.
If every ASIC miner on the planet suddenly stopped working, then after the next difficulty adjustment (which honestly might need to be managed by a hard-fork in such an extreme hypothetical), the network would carry on just fine with people doing GPU mining like the old days.
If Bitmain goes out of business, the equipment they sold will continue to be used and competitors will come along to fill their place in the market.  Global hash rate doesn't need to keep going up - or even stay level - it just needs to exist.
@_date: 2019-05-14 08:46:46
Technically, miners don't actually "charge" anything.  They simply (generally speaking) fill blocks with the highest satoshi per byte transactions that have appeared in their mempool (i.e. they try to maximise their profit).  Therefore, those who pay higher fees are more likely to have their transaction picked up by a miner.
If the exchange doesn't let you choose this fee manually, then they are indeed setting the fee for you and their statement/disclaimer (as you relayed it at least) is a direct lie.
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:58:36
I'm 39 years old... not exactly a kid.
I understand the technology very well, having written my own applications that interact with the Bitcoin blockchain, and I understand the concept of doublespending and how Bitcoin is designed to solve this.
If you think that entries to the Bitcoin blockchain (probably better called "ledger entries" than "transactions", but I'm not going to fight on what I think terminology should be) are the only way that real-world transactions can/should be conducted with Bitcoin, then I'm sorry to say that you're living in a fantasy world.
Blockchains can not scale to global commerce with everything on-chain, they're simply too inefficient.  They can however be used as a base layer for off-chain transactions.  These may be online (e.g. Lightning) or may be offline.  There are different challenges to solve with each different type of off-chain transaction, but assuming that they're inherently able to be double-spent is definitely incorrect and fallacious thinking.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:32:09
Why not buy 0.1666 BTC every week instead?
To answer your question more directly: I wouldn't trust Coinbase or any other 3rd party to store my money - in any currency - for any significant period of time.
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:56:06


Agreed.  We'll get them to adopt something with a much nicer UX built around the same fundamental core.
Or, alternatively, we'll just wait until our generation dies out and the next generations come along who have technology more embedded in their daily lives.  My 7 year old daughter can send BTC from her phone to her cold storage, and my 4 year old son at least knows the difference between a website and something local on the computer.  By the time I have grandkids, their world will be one where the idea of ensuring the safety of your private keys is as obvious to them as it is to us that you need to plug larger electric items in to an outlet if you want them to work.
@_date: 2018-12-01 09:52:27
Moving it isn't required, just signing a message with the private key is sufficient.
@_date: 2018-12-19 13:11:28


But I didn't "buy €500 worth of bitcoin to spend on Christmas gifts".  I "sold all my euro for bitcoin to spend on everything that I want/need to spend money on".
It's true that between earning it and spending it, the volatility can mean I lose out a bit of purchasing power.  That has indeed happened throughout most of 2018.  But since most of 2017 involved having more purchasing power later in the month, it pretty much evens out (and looks quite positive over the longer timescale).


I use bitcoin to buy everything that I can.  I use a fiat based credit card for everything else, and then pay that off using bitcoin so that I never had to hold fiat.
@_date: 2019-05-15 10:14:12
Yep, I had the same just yesterday.  Password was an autogenerated one, so it didn't come from anywhere else.  I also only ever used them once (I think for dumping bcash after the fork, but I don't recall exactly) and had no value of any kind sitting there, so there was no real risk for me.  I nevertheless changed the password (to a new autogenerated one) and added 2FA, just for the principle of it.
It's of course still worth bringing to people's attention though, as others might not be practicing good bitcoin management and have them lying there ready to be stolen.
@_date: 2019-05-09 11:13:12
When looking at any story like this, you have to ask not only, "does the evidence make it possible?" but also, "does the evidence make it likely?" and "does the evidence make it more likely than not?"
Looking at this story from that perspective, I'd rate it like this:  
Possible: Yes.  
Likely: Not really.  
More likely than not: Definitely not.
There are many stories you could tell about many different people that are equally as "possible" for them to be Satoshi Nakamoto, but without evidence that points to it actually being probable (i.e. more likely than not), it's nothing more than a nice story.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:13:57
Sure, I don't disagree.
The important word in your last sentence there is "*yet*".  I don't see any realistic way however that it won't get there in the long term.  The timeframe is almost impossible to judge though, since there are so many other factors (it could come much quicker in the case of a massive and sudden collapse of traditional economies for example; but I actually hope that doesn't happen, since it'd likely bring a lot of suffering to a lot of people).
@_date: 2018-12-09 11:16:34
I was about to buy it, but then I saw there's no option to pay with BTC.
For things I *need*, I'll use fiat if I have to (but prefer BTC).  For things I *want*, I'd rather go without than use fiat to pay for it.
@_date: 2018-12-14 11:39:10
I'm also comforted by my bank account reading zero.  It's much more comforting knowing that my liquid money is all BTC instead of fiat.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:06:19


My thoughts are.
(and therefore also the bitcoin that are only spendable by a private key that is stored only in my head... whether or not I actually do that is another question; and not one I'll answer here)
@_date: 2019-05-12 18:31:52
You can verify all data it sends across the cable to the computer. There is no opportunity for it to do something else without you seeing it. 
Also, we know what kind of hardware it’s built from and what capacity/capabilities that hardware has. We also know how big that kind of hidden code would need to be. The two don’t match up. Unless they’re doing things far beyond the knowledge and capabilities of the many bright people that have looked in to it, we can be reasonably certain there’s nothing hidden in there that we’re not aware of. 
This is also about the same level of surety we have for any device - Trezor included - since unless you’re willing to investigate everything every component of the hardware does in fine detail, the fact that the software is open source and the hardware specs appear to match what you see, you can’t actually know/prove it doesn’t contain hidden behaviour. It’s just so unlikely that it’s not a reasonable risk to be concerned about.
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:37:00
The primary one is financial sovereignty, but without going in to detail, that just sounds like a buzzword.
Financial sovereignty means that you have 100% control over and responsibility for your own money.  This means that:
1. No one can stop you making a transaction that you choose to make
2. No one can make a transaction on your behalf without your consent
These may seem uninteresting to most people who have spent their lives in financially stable western countries with little persecution, but to those who have had access to their bank accounts blocked due to having differing beliefs, their sexual orientation, or their political affiliation, these are extremely relevant.  For those who haven't had it happen, I'd say it hasn't happened *yet*.  Just because you live somewhere stable now, it doesn't mean it'll always be that way.
Aside from financial sovereignty, the second most important advantage in my view is that Bitcoin is inherently neutral to economic growth or shrinkage.  Fiat systems like the dollar are based on the concept of money creation through debt.  This requires both that the economy continues to grow and that the money supply increases at a rate faster than the economy's growth in order to produce inflation.  This is something that quite logically can't continue forever.  If the economy shrinks, corrective action has to be taken, otherwise hyperinflation occurs.  If the economic growth outpaces the money supply growth, deflation occurs, which causes debt based economies to rapidly fall apart.
An economy based on bitcoin - with a fixed supply (see note below) - will naturally experience inflation during economic shrinkage and deflation during economic growth.  Neither of these will negatively affect things though, since instead of being based on debt, it's based on a real asset.  People simply see the prices of things changing and alter their behaviour accordingly.  This behavioural alteration acts as a natural rebalancing to bring the economic activity in line with the real size of the economy.
There are of course many other advantages, but just getting people to truly understand these first two is usually enough in my experience.
@_date: 2019-05-07 03:55:31
I learned to type in the 80s (with a computer, not a typewriter) and it was always described as "correct" to put two spaces after the period at the end of a sentence.  It's such a force of habit now, I don't believe I could force myself to do otherwise on a consistent basis.
This is really not uncommon.
@_date: 2019-05-22 08:04:58
What if that piece of paper has a partially signed transaction on it that the receiver can use - in combination with a key that they control - to initiate a transfer of funds from a UTXO that was created using multi-sig and a smart contract that would return it to me after some amount of time if they don't claim it?
That piece of paper is worth - to them and them alone - the value of those funds in the UTXO.  I can't double-spend it because it requires their private key as well.  In any meaningful way (including the point of view of the law in almost any nation on Earth), by handing them that piece of paper, I have performed a transaction of that value to them from me.
I'm not saying that handing someone a piece of paper is a *good* way to transact Bitcoin, but it's definitely a *possible* way that doesn't involve the internet.  The possibilities are more or less endless and each has its own upsides and downsides.
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:15:26
I don't have/use a tablet device, so I wasn't aware of the wallet app complaint.
As for rattling, I just shook my X around a bit and there was no sound at all.  Have you asked Ledger about it?
@_date: 2018-12-19 04:38:43
If you don't see the stupidity of that statement about two different things somehow "adding" to each other's supply, you can't be helped.
(did the dramatic increase in the number of Venezuelan Bolivars influence the US Dollar or the Euro?  If not, why would new alts influence Bitcoin?)
@_date: 2019-05-13 09:32:59
I pay some of them in BTC directly, some others I pay with credit card (as mentioned).
For the few things like power, water, gas and so on that normally want direct debit, I made a large prepayment in euro that should be good for another 6 to 12 months (after which, I'll exchange some BTC for euro and do the same again).  They don't really care since their systems are designed for both under- and over-payments due to having to come read meters to get the real values anyway.
If I don't pay attention to the prepayment running out, they'll try to direct debit my bank account which is essentially permanently empty, so it'd fail, but that's a minor annoyance I'm willing to accept at this point until they start accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:39:05


So, you either didn't read or didn't understand what I said.  I very clearly spelled out how proof of work ensures both fundamental value and why bitcoin can't simply be replaced by another coin.  You ignored it entirely.
You were the one talking about how you're an economist.  I never claimed any special credentials or qualifications (I have them, but I didn't bring it up, because it's not relevant or important).


No, I'm really not.  You're projecting.


I already said I am emotionally invested in it.  Again, you failed to read that apparently.  I believe strongly in the project and I would indeed be unhappy if it failed.  I'm also emotionally invested in my family, hot sauces, cognitive liberty, and many other topics.  That's called "being human" and is generally viewed as a good thing.


All I'm asking is for you to provide some actual evidence of (or even solid arguments in favour of) this position.  I disagree, but I'd like to be proven wrong.  If I'm wasting my time and energy on something stupid, I want to know it.  But note: I want to ***know*** it, not just have some random guy online tell me so and me run off believing him.  And that means I need good evidence and arguments, not unsubstantiated opinion.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:35:17
As long as at least two people continue to use it, it continues to exist and is not dead.
I personally don't believe it will ever come to anywhere near that scenario, but the "worst case" is that it lives on only by a few people who consider the fundamental properties to be worth it and ignored by basically everyone else.  I would be one of those few people.
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:45:19
Here's a list of what I would like to see in a centralised exchange in general.  Overall, I'd always offer preference to decentralised exchanges instead, but I do recognise that since fiat currencies are the main thing people want to exchange and due to limitations with fiat, the process is less than ideal in a decentralised exchange, that centralised exchanges do have a place for the time being.
I also fully recognise that some of these wishes will conflict with laws and regulations and so you won't be able to do them.  They should be considered "best case scenario targets" and therefore the closer you get to them, the better, even if you can't reach them.
1. No KYC or user identification of any kind.  Users could (for example) sign up with just an email address (free privacy respecting webmail clients explicitly allowed and encouraged) and set up their login credentials (e.g. password and 2FA) from there.
2. Offer both clearnet and TOR access.
3. Offer a full-featured set of trading features.  For details, ask a trader, not me.
4. Offer a full-featured API for trading.  For details, ask a trader, not me.
5. Major fiat currencies supported for deposit and withdrawal via as many onramps as possible.  Since "good support for fiat" is your main value proposition over a decentralised exchange, you should prioritise this aspect as much as possible.  Some examples for onramps that give a competitive advantage over many competitors:
   1. Direct draw from bank account where possible.
   2. PayPal
   3. Credit Card
   4. SOFORT Banking
   5. SEPA Transfers
6. Offer "customer to customer" trades where you don't touch the currencies (crypto or fiat) at all; informing the customer of potential risks (especially around fiat chargebacks) and why they may choose to use your centralised service instead.
7. Be *very* clear about what fees you charge, where, and when.
8. All supported currencies (fiat and crypto) can either be withdrawn "on demand" or "in the next batch" according to user preference, and not just "when the exchange feels like it".
9. Bitcoin network fees can be determined by the user for on-demand withdrawals and are fairly shared for batched withdrawals from a clearly stated planned fee (if each user is paying the equivalent of an on-demand withdrawal to be included in a batch, you're ripping them off).
10. Charge customers for all forms of custodianship.  This will both show them that they're buying a service from you as well as ensure that they don't treat you as a free web-wallet, as this just increases both your risk and theirs (this is one of the biggest problems with current exchanges).
11. Support and prefer Bitcoin bech32 addresses.  Support other address formats as fallback options.
12. Be open about processes and systems.  This includes (but is not limited to) being fully auditable on all blockchains where this possible (e.g. all your Bitcoin holdings are clearly visible on the chain and provably under your control; you don't practice security through obscurity).
@_date: 2019-05-12 07:19:57
"Make your own hardware wallet" is nearly guaranteed to be *significantly* less secure than any commercial hardware wallet like Ledger, Trezor, and so on.
These devices aren't just a USB key that stores private keys; they perform the "signing" part of creating a transaction, so you never need to rely on software running on your computer to do so.  That greatly reduces the attack surface, since a computer (being general purpose) is much easier to compromise than a dedicated device.  They also take a range of specific security considerations in to account to reduce the attack surface even further.
The most important aspect for a hardware wallet is that it has its own user interface (even if extremely simple).  There are hardware wallets that don't, and therefore even though the device may be doing the signing and keeping the private key safe, it's much simpler for the software that's interfacing with it to lie to you about what's going on.  On my Ledger for example (and I know Trezor is extremely similar in this regard), I see the address(es) and amount(s) on the software that's communicating with it.  However in order to actually make this transaction, I'll also see the address(es) and amount(s) on my Ledger's screen.  I can check that they are indeed the same before confirming the transaction (again, on the device, not on the computer software).  Since there is (by design) no way to push things to the Ledger's screen from the computer, I can be sure that - unless the firmware has been compromised (and there's other checks for that) - those addresses and values are indeed the ones that I'm signing the transaction for.
So, if you think you can build a self-made hardware wallet that's more secure than that, I'd love to hear how.
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:50:39


That sounds.... uncomfortable.
@_date: 2018-12-19 10:02:43


Sure.  I don't hold any fiat, so the options for me are either:
1. Pay with BTC
2. Pay with credit card that I then pay off using BTC
I prefer  but  is my fallback when I have to (which unfortunately is still quite often).  Any service that lets me skip the extra steps of using a credit card, I'm happy to use.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:41:18


I read it.  And it didn't prove anything.  It was a statement; not an argument, not a reasoned argument, just a statement.  Statements prove nothing and writing it all in caps doesn't make that any more the case.


I don't have a bitcoin investment.  Again, you failed to read.


That would be... none at all.
@_date: 2019-05-05 07:31:26
You should definitely get a different wallet app for your computer/mobile whether or not you buy a hardware wallet.
Bitcoin(.)com is run by a scammer who tries to pretend that a different cryptocurrency he promotes (called "Bitcoin Cash" but commonly shortened to "bcash") is in fact the real bitcoin.  It's not.  It won't be accepted by the majority of merchants that accept bitcoin and due to a shortsighted approach to the technology, you can't expect it to have a long term or viable future where it holds significant value.  Both the website and the associated wallet are a part of this scam.
The wallet app you have there does support both bcash as well as actual Bitcoin, so it's hard to say which one you have.  Hopefully the real thing for your sake.
With a mobile wallet (from anyone at all), there is a risk that the provider makes an "evil update" that steals coins.  Even though the keys for mobile wallets are under your control, they're accessible to the wallet software (of course) and so an update could be created that steals the coins held in it.  Since most mobile devices will happily update you to new versions of software without your permission, this is a risk that needs to be considered.
With the one you're using, because the creator is a known scammer, the risk is higher.  It could even be that one day they choose to stop supporting the real bitcoin and instead only support the bcash scam.  In this case, they may "helpfully" exchange all your real bitcoin for bcash against your will and you'd have no choice in the matter.
With a hardware wallet - as you're considering - this risk doesn't exist, since even if the software you use to access it is compromised and programmed to do evil things, you still need to confirm it on the device itself.  So, if the device is asking you to confirm a transaction that you didn't initiate, you can simply deny it.
Personally, I do continue to use a mobile wallet alongside my hardware wallet.  The mobile wallet is more convenient for day-to-day spending, but I never store more in it than I'd previously carry on me in cash back when I used fiat money.  And I'd definitely never use a wallet made by a company/group/person who clearly has motives that don't align with what I consider to be right.
A good place to start for choosing the right wallet is [
I'd be happy to give my personal suggestions as well, but in the spirit of things, I'd also say you shouldn't trust me 100% either; I'm just a guy on the internet and could easily also be trying to rip you off.  Do your own research on anything anyone suggests to you.
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:07:13
Although I often sound like a libertarian when talking about money and bitcoin, I'm actually not.  I tend to lean more liberal than anything because my life experience shows me that the tragedy of the commons is a serious issue that completely unregulated free markets don't seem to resolve.
I'm also not sure whether a totally free market would tend towards monopolies or not.
I'm not *necessarily* against regulatory controls that disallow certain activities, including antitrust laws.  I am definitely against controlling the fundamental behaviour of money in order to do so though.  I think that *if* there need to be these kinds of controls (again, I'm in the "I don't know" camp on that), then they need to be done by more direct and simple means.
@_date: 2019-05-13 08:14:19
That's not good to hear.
My father-in-law is also a Sparkasse customer and so far has not had any problems.  He's sent euro to Kraken and directly to various bank accounts from trades made on bitcoin.de.
I'll definitely keep an eye on the situation in case any issues come up for him.
@_date: 2018-12-17 10:22:31
If you mean, "doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results", why do you think anyone expects different results?  The results of every crash so far have been:
1. People freak out
2. The exchange rate against USD goes down to some point higher than the previous "peak"
3. Things keep developing anyway
4. People get interested again
5. The exchange rate to fiat goes back up again
As long as  carries on (which it is), I don't see any reason to even want different results, let alone expect them.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:07:55
Not the OP, but yes. I did.  And they accepted it. (the dealership doesn't officially take bitcoin, but one salesman certainly did)
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:52:45


Which is why I gave a better real-world example immediately after it that you chose to ignore in your reply.  Was that accidental, or are you being deliberately dishonest in your communication style?


I explained this very clearly.  There is a difference between "people transacting" and "a transaction in the blockchain".  The second can represent the first directly, but it has many downsides (that you've pointed out).  It's therefore better when it represents it indirectly.  The Lightning Network is one such example of how a very large number of transactions with extremely low (or zero) fees can be represented by a single entry written to the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-12-09 12:01:03
My case is perhaps special in that I use LROS to pay off my credit card that I got when I lived in Australia, but I no longer live there.  I don't have a bank account or similar there, so other than LROS, I actually don't have any easy way to pay off that credit card at all.
However, even if I did, my choices would be:
1. Enter billing data to LROS
2. Hit the button to generate a QR of what I should pay
3. Scan the QR with the wallet app on my phone and pay it
4. Wait for confirmations and then see that it has been paid
OR (guessing a few steps, since I've never actually done this (never exchanged BTC for fiat or sent BTC to an exchange, only the reverse))
1. Select to "deposit" some BTC on an exchange
2. Hit a button to generate a QR for the destination
3. Open the bitcoin wallet on my phone
4. Scan the QR, enter the amount to send, then send it
5. Wait for confirmations (however many the exchange wants)
6. Exchange the bitcoin for Australian dollars
7. Withdraw those dollars to my bank account
8. Wait for the bank transfer
9. Use my bank's web portal to enter the billing data and send it.
Essentially, the "sell bitcoin and pay bills that way" process is much longer and more complex, as well as involves me interacting with two middlemen (exchange and bank) instead of only one (LROS).  It would also mean that I would be holding fiat currency for a short time, and - by preference - I prefer to limit my exposure to fiat as much as possible.  So even though LROS are almost certainly going to sell my bitcoin for fiat in order to pay that bill for me and therefore from a "big picture" perspective it's about the same, I don't personally have to touch fiat at all, so it's very different for me personally.
@_date: 2018-12-11 14:55:17


So, no kids then?
Becoming a dad taught me many important lessons, but one major one was "*How to deal with having someone else's faecal matter on you while they simultaneously try to kick you and play with it*".
@_date: 2018-12-08 11:06:16
No, it's for people who can't see the future.  When it was 15k, you did not KNOW it would continue going down.  You could guess, you could assume, you could show a bunch of fancy charts to back up your ideas, but you did not KNOW.  Hindsight is easy, but if you could predict the future, you'd already be a billionaire and not posting here on reddit.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:26:56


Nothing significant.
It can be used as a kind of timestamping system, but despite being somewhat valuable, there's not enough value in that to support anywhere near the level of mining that's going on at the moment.
That's a good thing though.  Currencies that have alternative uses are diluted in their value as a currency.  That gold is usable in electronics and so on is actually a *failing* of gold as a currency.


It doesn't happen "every 4 years".  It happens every 210000 blocks.  Every 2016 blocks, the difficulty adjusts with the intention of making the next 2016 blocks take an average of 10 minutes each.  This means that if hash rate keeps rising, the average block time stays slightly below 10 minutes.  If it levels off, average block time stays around 10 minutes.  If it falls off over time, average block time will be slightly over 10 minutes.
210000 blocks multiplied by 10 minutes is about 2.6 days shy of 4 years.  Since hash rate has been increasing on average throughout all halving periods, previous halvenings have happened slightly ahead of this 10 minute-based estimate.  It's not significantly different though, so saying "every 4 years" is good enough short-hand and there's really no way to change it significantly.
@_date: 2018-12-13 09:44:43
Just no.
Some email service providers may require a phone number, but that doesn't mean that email addresses require a phone number.
Your idea demonstrates an incredible misunderstanding of the technology and the network.  There is no way it will be "harder in the future" to generate addresses.  It's a process that can be done entirely offline.  It can be done with a pen and paper if you've got time and basic mathematical ability.  There is no way this can ever *not* be the case and still call it bitcoin.
Even if it somehow made sense, why would anyone buy a private key that you clearly already know?  That's not exactly private anymore.
@_date: 2018-12-04 04:40:03
Have they actually done any work around scaling other than tweaking the variable for block size?  I was aware that their "stress test" showed some problems with very large blocks and there was talk about how to fix it that could (in theory) be of some limited interest to the Bitcoin Core client, but I'm not aware that anything has actually been done.
Suffice to say, they're open source projects and are extremely closely related, so yes, if someone actually writes something useful in one of the BCH node implementations that also makes sense for BTC, it could be ported over.
If all you meant was, "could the block size variable be tweaked in the same way?" then yes, but the vast majority of people (including me) would reject that as an undesirable hard fork.
@_date: 2019-05-08 10:02:36
That's no excuse for a near unreadable mess of text.  I speak 6 languages and if I think I'm being unclear writing in any of them (or if someone points out that I'm unclear), I'll take the time to fix it.
You wrote something because you wanted to communicate one or more ideas.  You're failing to do that.  So either you fix it, or you accept that your ideas aren't reaching the audience you intended.
@_date: 2019-05-25 06:37:50


When you ask a question about facts within the universe, then there *are* right or wrong answers, whether you know them or not (and even whether you can know them or not).  You didn't ask about opinions, you asked a direct yes/no question and then gave your opinion.
So, "did anyone find out?": I don't know.  It's definitely not public knowledge.  There may be one or more people alive who know.  There may also not be.  Satoshi may be alive, Satoshi may be dead, Satoshi may be multiple people some of which are alive and some of which are dead.  Whether Satoshi is alive or dead (or multiple people with differing states), whether anyone else living knows it or not is also not public knowledge.  The default position is to assume "no" unless evidence appears to the contrary.
My opinion: I don't care who Satoshi was.  I thank him, her, or them for what they created and also for disappearing.
Another of my opinions: I think Craig Wright is one of the least likely people to be Satoshi purely *because* he claims to be.  This would be the antithesis of what we know about Satoshi from our interactions with him/her/them in the days when he/she/they were still active.  However even if he is, I don't care.  The good thing with Bitcoin is that the creator has no special power, capabilities or privilege over the system.  Bitcoin exists and will continue to exist as long as there are people willing to use it and a copy of its chain exists somewhere.
@_date: 2018-12-09 07:35:25
Yay, free money.  Thank you :)
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:57:35
Great to hear :)
@_date: 2019-05-03 19:01:15


Which doesn't reduce scarcity, because the forks aren't fungible with the original.


Who is "they"?  Bitcoin is what the **users** of bitcoin agree for it to be.  If a bunch of people create a new fork with permanent inflation, I am under no obligation to run a node that agrees with that.  From the point of view of my node (and all the nodes that agree with me), they're a shitcoin fork and we'll treat them as such.  My Bitcoin doesn't have permanent inflation.
@_date: 2018-12-13 08:03:49
And none of that should ever be in the description of how to *use* it.  Acquiring bitcoin and using bitcoin are two completely separate processes, so all the OP is doing in this article is making it out to be more complex than it really is.
He claims to be "just trying to be helpful", but his overall message is one of "I had problems making stuff work, so these are obviously fatal flaws and the whole technology is crap, so don't bother trying".
Some of the problems he points out are real, but they're minor things that any reasonable development team would work around during implementation (and hopefully submit fixes/improvements back as open source to make it easier for others in the future).  Others aren't even real problems and are totally down to his incompetence as a developer and/or failure to understand the technology.
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:57:44


While you can *in theory* call your service anything you like, it is not what any reasonable person would understand by the term "wallet".
My (physical, fiat) wallet is a thing I have in my pocket.  It holds money that is in my possession.
What you offer is a custodial service.  This is money that is *not* in the user's possession.  The closest thing I can think of from outside of the bitcoin space is "*bank account*".
So, from my perspective, "wallet" is extremely misleading for the service you offer.  You offer a *bitcoin bank account*.
Offering this service is fine, and if some people want that, I don't see a problem with them using it.  Personally, I don't want it and would encourage others away from it, but they can do what they want with their money.  What's not fine is misleading people by calling it something that it isn't.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:50:07
That sounds an awful lot like trading... which to me is essentially another word for gambling.
I just ignore the exchange rate between fiat and bitcoin and simply *use* bitcoin.  I'm aware things around me are priced in euro, but since I also get paid in euro, it doesn't make a huge difference to my income vs expenses, only the number of bitcoin I'm getting and spending.
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:28:38
Given that I only have bitcoin and no other currency, yes.  It would be much easier than using Amazon right now (which I do by using a fiat denominated credit card and then paying that off with bitcoin; two steps instead of just one if I could pay with bitcoin directly).
@_date: 2019-05-27 07:11:00


It isn't and I didn't say it was.  I specifically said, "*I agree that ownership of a UTXO is not shared.*".  I'm not sure how you'd interpret that any other way.


Where?  You didn't mention it in this thread of the discussion with me, and two pages of your post/comment history don't reveal it at a glance.  I'd rather not go treasure hunting for information that you want to present to me.
@_date: 2019-05-13 08:25:47
Makes sense.  Can I ask where your friend is located?  My father-in-law is in Hannover.
@_date: 2019-05-11 06:09:32
I will buy bitcoin in the dark.  I will buy bitcoin in the park.
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:44:00
Why do you think the Ledger Vault represent the "status quo"?  I think it's great for a business to have more financial sovereignty instead of being entirely beholden on banks.
I think both of these companies are doing really amazing stuff and both of them deserve a lot of respect.
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:02:31
Technically, whether it's a bear or a bull market doesn't matter how much it trades for in terms of local currency.  Consider it in terms of goods instead.
If 1 BTC trades for $10k today and $100k next month, but a hamburger costs $10 today and $200 next month, then BTC has actually lost value over that month.  The dollar lost more, but it's still a "bear market".
That said, it's not likely to ever actually happen that way.  If all major fiat currencies are undergoing hyperinflation, people need to move their value in to something.  The only way it wouldn't cause Bitcoin to skyrocket in value is if there were something more liquid for them to move their value to.  Traditional things like gold just don't scale to the modern world, so I don't see a lot of options other than bitcoin (there'd be a lot of hard asset purchases as well of course; but people do still need something more liquid than that).
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:32:37
No problem.  I'm a manager, in charge of software development.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:56:06


While I can't talk too much about my employer, let me just say that I can speak from direct experience that this is not the case.


These depend a lot on where in the world you and your customers are, and are general problems that apply to all financial applications.  I don't see anything particular about bitcoin that makes it harder or easier than other types of financial systems that have different behaviours.


I don't see any valid concerns in your post about user experience.  I see some invalid ones, but again - just google a few keywords from your own post and you'll find plenty of discussions refuting your points.  I don't want to have to explain it all yet again.


If that's your intention, fine, but I don't think it comes across that way in the slightest.  I'd also disagree that your concerns are "technical aspects" at all.
@_date: 2019-05-09 03:34:19
1. Lightning Network ***is*** peer to peer.  It's a collection of peer to peer channels.  Your transaction may take many hops to reach its destination, but each one of those is a peer to peer connection.  There is no server/client distinction.
2. I don't understand the question.  A person in Cuba can use the Lightning Network just as easily as a person anywhere else.  The incentive to use Lightning is that by keeping the majority of transactions off-chain, you reduce the total cost per transaction (i.e. per real-world transaction fee) while still allowing miners to collect good fees for on-chain transactions (e.g. channel management or high-value transactions) for their work in securing the network.
3. Satoshi added a block size limit in the early days to stop the problem of "free" spam.  Whether he would have realised the economic value of it or not at a later date is unclear.  I also don't care what he would have done; arguments need to stand on their own merits, not who said them.
4. Empty blocks aren't a big problem.  In some cases they might be a symptom of a problem.  If all blocks from all miners are empty all the time, maybe it's because no one is broadcasting any transactions, meaning the currency is failing to be used.  I have no idea how this is supposed to be related to a 51% attack or what VTC is.
5. I don't treat BTC as a stock.  I use it as my daily currency.  BTC has had many improvements for scaling the number of transactions both on-chain and off-chain.  More are planned and will be implemented over time.  If you're trying to ask about another increase in block-size, this is generally rejected as all but a last-resort scaling method since it only brings small linear improvements and comes with downsides.  I'm not against a block size increase once we've exhausted all other methods and still see a need for getting more transactions written on chain, but I don't see that we are anywhere near that point now given the number of other improvements that still have yet to be implemented.
@_date: 2019-05-08 10:43:13
Interesting toying around with numbers, but I'm not really sure how useful it actually is.
It seems to me that this isn't actually quantifying "immutability", but rather "mutation".  That is to say, it measures whether something *has* changed rather than the *ability* for something to be changed.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:24:11
Sure, extra profit would be nice, but I'm of the opinion that the increase in value of my bitcoins over time will dwarf whatever I make by selling off BCH whether it's at $500 or 5c per token.
@_date: 2019-05-13 03:56:43
It's also objectively false in the context he's saying it.
A euro will only continue to hold its relative value if they don't print more of them than the increase in economic activity demands.  Since they - by intention - do exactly that, there is inflation and the euro doesn't hold its relative value.
It also doesn't holds its absolute value either, since printing more of them makes each euro be worth less as a percentage of the total number of euro in existence.
There is no way that "a euro is a euro and will be a euro" makes any sense in the way he's trying to use it.
What seems to be lost on him is that this argument is *much* stronger for Bitcoin because of the limited supply.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:07:10
Because anyone who calls themselves a "truther" has a very weak grasp on reality.
@_date: 2019-05-29 06:44:52
Excellent news. 
Hopefully next up, AMP will be given some more love and attention, then I’ll actually be willing to switch almost all my daily economic activity over to LN instead of on-chain (and push for it with all the people I transact with). 
Exciting times ahead as LN grows and matures!
@_date: 2019-05-09 03:38:13
I'd agree with them.  The ecosystem as a whole ***is*** full of scams, price manipulation, misinformation, and theft.
This doesn't change anything about Bitcoin itself though, so why should I entertain it as an argument against Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-12-07 05:20:04
Actually **this** is a fallacy.  You lost all of *one type of money* and gained *a different type of money* when you 'bought'.
@_date: 2018-12-11 21:04:26
Fair enough.  "You do you" as the saying goes.
To me, the price is irrelevant, so I really don't care what it does.  It has no bearing on the usefulness of the system to me.  I don't expect it will get overtaken by another coin at any point, because the price should follow the utility over the long term, but I don't hold that as a strong belief, just a general expectation.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:47:52
Both my 6 year old daughter and 3 year old son have 1BTC each. 
To be fair, I hold the keys on their behalf which strictly means I have the coins and they have IOUs from me, but only because I don't trust them to actually look after the keys properly yet. Once they can, they will. 
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:19:10
"First mover advantage"
But - before you get the wrong impression - this doesn't just mean popularity.
Bitcoin is based on something called "Proof of Work".  It means you can prove that you spent energy on it and this provides the fundamental security for transactions since to undo/redo/fake an old transaction, you have to - on average - put in the same amount of energy as the entire world has done since that point in time.  This makes bitcoin something you can trust, and therefore a good store of value, which is what gives it value.
A new coin has zero proof of work in it by definition.  No matter what any new coin does, it doesn't have this history and therefore doesn't have this value.  Many try to get around it by replacing the trust model with another one.  Proof-of-stake systems try to say that rich people are incentivised by their money not to cheat since cheating takes their money away.  Proof-of-authority systems say, "hey trust me, I'm a trustworthy person/company/organisation/government".  And so on.  They are fundamentally flawed since "economic incentive" and "trust me, I'm good" are not fundamental properties of the universe.  Energy and entropy are.  Therefore you can cheat those other systems and can't cheat proof of work.
Therefore, a new coin either has proof of work, and fails to bitcoin because it doesn't have 10 years of global energy expenditure already put in to it; or it doesn't have proof of work and is fundamentally flawed and breakable because of it.
@_date: 2018-12-04 05:04:35
The exchange rate to fiat may be gameable, but if you stop caring about how much monopoly money your bitcoin can be traded for then this gameability is pretty much irrelevant.
If you can find a way to game ***the system itself***, then it deserves to die.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that game theory (selfish actors acting only in their own best interests) dictates the success of the system.  If this is somehow wrong, then it's fundamentally broken.
@_date: 2019-05-24 10:34:56
Do you believe it's impossible to be on the political left and still be in favour of Bitcoin?
I personally fit in the lower left box ("Libertarian Left") of [the political compass](  I consider Bitcoin to be a powerful positive force because it removes the ability for money to be used as a form of control.  I also believe that (amongst other things) taxes and social programmes are required for any modern large society to function correctly due to the tragedy of the commons.  These statements are not in conflict with each other.
@_date: 2017-07-31 11:44:45
Sure, and if that happens, then I get only pennies for my BCH.  C'est la vie! It's not like I'm losing anything I care about...
@_date: 2018-12-14 11:36:37


Out of interest, how do you define that?
Is someone with multiple millions of dollars worth of assets (cars, houses, etc) a millionaire if they have less than a million dollars worth of liquid assets/currency?
What about someone who currently holds 5000 Bitcoin (around 16 million USD at current exchange rate)?
What about someone who currently holds 500 Bitcoin (around 1.6 million USD at current exchange rate)?
What about someone with a couple of million dollars in the bank but several more million in debt and no significant assets?
Depending on how you answer those, I may or may not be a millionaire, and that's probably true of many people here as well as many random suburbanites in most "first world" cities.
@_date: 2019-05-19 20:43:44
I don't see that a blockchain is all that necessary for coordinating people or building "belief" in the idea.
It is a very important technology in Bitcoin, but I'd argue that compared to Bitcoin's security technology (proof-of-work, merkle trees, the concept of the difficulty adjustment, and how all these pieces play together) or Bitcoin's ledger/transaction system (PKI extended with hashes as addresses, the UTXO concept, scripting/multisig (including "pay to script hash" as a concept), hierarchical deterministic wallets, and so on), "blockchain" is really not all that interesting.
I see "blockchain" more as being "*the right choice for the data structure to use underneath the interesting parts*" than the interesting part itself.
@_date: 2018-12-11 09:50:09
There is no "hi" except in Latin script.
In either of the phonetic Japanese scripts (Hiragana and Katakana) it's "sa - to - shi - na - ka - mo - to".
Hiragana: さとし なかもと
Katakana: サトシ ナカモト
You could also write it with Kanji (Chinese characters used in Japanese), and there are various forms for both [Satoshi]( and Nakamoto (中本 being by far the most common).
@_date: 2018-12-07 14:29:43
Just one more bit of feedback for you: My daughter did take the book to school and read it to her class on Wednesday as a part of their current class topic of "Technology: Past and Future".
According to my daughter, her whole class (including the teacher) loved the story and had a lot of questions about bitcoin that she was proud to answer and some questions about AR that she wasn't able to answer.  Apparently the biggest surprise for most of them was that both of these technologies are in fact real and not just made up things that the story is imagining for the future.
Since they enjoyed it so much, yesterday (Thursday) the teacher gave the kids an exercise to go through the story again and (using the help of internet searches) figure out which parts are really possible with today's technology and which parts might come in the future.
Next time I see the teacher, I'll also ask her for any details and her perspective on the story (since feedback filtered through a seven year old may not always be the most accurate!).
@_date: 2018-12-20 04:27:22


While I do find that a bit annoying and saddening, I don't see that it's a problem specifically.


Which one?  There are many in the world.


They'll certainly want to, sure.  Figuring out how to do so is the job of someone who works there, not me.


If a government chooses to take legal action preventing the use of Bitcoin, they'll find themselves economically disadvantaged compared to countries that don't.  This isn't a situation any leading nation would willingly put itself in unless they're idiots (i.e. if your government does this, I recommend finding a new place to live).


It's not really all that much for the value it brings; most of it is either from renewable energy or encourages switching to renewable energy; most of it is "otherwise unused" extra energy (energy produced but not demanded locally); and it isn't required to scale with network growth (i.e. we could have a hundred times as much usage as now with exactly the same amount of mining).
You should probably read [this](
@_date: 2018-12-01 09:40:37
My car (Ford Focus) was around 1.1BTC, and my main desktop (2017 iMac Pro, 3.2GHz Xeon W, 128GB RAM, 4TB SSD) was also approximately 1BTC.  Meanwhile, I've got a coffee mug that was around 3BTC and spent 7BTC on a family holiday to Tokyo once.
I always find it's one of the 'oddities' of using BTC as your main currency while most things are still priced in fiat that you end up with a bunch of stuff that have relative costs that don't really seem to match up as they should.
Of course, I'm sure anyone experiencing hyperinflation feels similar, just really negative instead of just 'odd'... a loaf of bread costing more Venezuelan Bolivars than a car did a short time earlier can't be a great feeling.
@_date: 2018-12-13 10:42:10
1. a
2. d (but very close to e)
3. b &amp; c (I live primarily on BTC)
4. b
5. a? (I don't actively check it or care that much about it, but I have it on my Mac's menu bar, so I see it at a glance multiple times per day.  I find it an interesting 'side note' and it gives me a quick reference to figure out how much BTC I'm probably going to pay for something)
6. a (please don't ask negative questions; they're easy for people to say the opposite of what they mean.  To clarify: I am **not** concerned about the 'price' of BTC right now (I also hate the word 'price' for an exchange rate))
7. a ("replace" is a tricky word, and you didn't give a timeframe... I believe that fiat currencies will continue to exist for a very long time, but at some point, they'll lose relevance and meaning and be superseded in all ways that really matter.  This could be several generations from now though, so probably not in my lifetime)
@_date: 2018-12-25 17:48:51
Wow! Thanks! I’ll be sure to put it to good use. 
@_date: 2018-12-05 08:37:12


Can you clarify one such point?  I didn't hear any real points being argued, just statements without backing.


If you think this, then you probably don't understand wealth.  Or possibly you're making the same implicit mistake that the video made, that "how things are now" is "how things will always be".  This isn't true for fiat, bitcoin, or anything else.  Bitcoin absolutely does give me control over my own wealth right now, but what it doesn't (yet) do is provide a system where that wealth is valued (roughly) equally by the majority of society.  That is, in terms of bitcoin, a loaf of bread today could cost a vastly different amount from a loaf of bread tomorrow.  However, this is not an argument against bitcoin providing control.  Those are two distinct and separate things.
@_date: 2018-12-15 10:32:59


Or you only see what fits your narrative.  I see plenty of people here who quite clearly state that the current exchange rate to fiat is pretty much irrelevant.
Even for me, spending BTC, I consider the exchange rate mostly irrelevant.  Because if it goes down, then I earn more BTC that month (being paid in euro) as well as having to pay more for goods and services (priced in euro).
There are plenty of "investor" types here who spam up the subreddit with "price" posts (and TA and all that other crap), but don't make the mistake of thinking those people are "the whole BTC community".
@_date: 2018-12-05 09:50:00
I don't see how these things are supposed to be related.  When you increase the rate of oil extraction, you increase the new supply of oil.  When you decrease the rate of extraction, you decrease the new supply.
This isn't the case with bitcoin.  Increasing the hash rate doesn't increase the supply and decreasing the rate doesn't decrease the supply.
While almost everything else stated is true, the comparison to oil just seems "wrong" for this reason and would be coincidental at best for the charts.  Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2019-05-14 03:18:06
1. My accountant would deal with the income statements.
2. Here in Germany, tax declarations aren't all that complicated anyway.
3. Here in Germany, spending Bitcoin as currency (rather than speculating on it for profit) is not a taxable event (according to my accountant; but to be honest it's not as clear as it should be).  Suffice to say, I've never declared it and never yet had a problem even though it's clear that that's what I'm doing.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:08:46
I'm confused by exactly what you mean here.  Every merchant I've ever dealt with will charge a specific amount of BTC based on an exchange rate that they determine.  If it changes between me sending the payment and them being able to access it, that's their concern, not mine.  I sent what they asked for.
Are you saying you know a merchant that doesn't behave that way?
@_date: 2018-12-05 08:29:37
You're absolutely right there.  Often there's an automatic assumption that "left" is authoritarian and (to a much lesser extent) "right" is libertarian, but hippies and nazis are both reasonably good counterexamples to that assumption.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:25:41
The cost of doing so is very small (somewhere around 0.5%).  The time taken is very small (about 3 or 4 minutes).  There is some hassle involved, but I consider it for a good reason.  Also note that it's not "immediate" spending or investment - the cycle I described is a monthly one.
The reason I do it is because I have 100% control over my BTC, unlike fiat.  No one can confiscate it from me, no one can block a transaction, and no one can authorise a transaction without my consent.  Bitcoin is honest money.  Euro, dollars, pounds, yen, and so on are dishonest money.  I prefer honest money and am willing to put up with a bit of 'early adopter' hassle for the privilege.
Also note that I only put money in to my investments if I have a significant amount left over.  I'll quite often carry a BTC balance forward without investing it because it was a month where I didn't save enough of my paycheque for it to be worth it (like November: Christmas holiday spending in advance like hotel bookings for my family and presents and so on).
@_date: 2018-12-08 07:43:09
Thankfully, unlike what you've heard on the news, bitcoin isn't just a speculative asset for making money.  It's a silent revolution to switch to a *better kind of money*.
@_date: 2018-12-31 07:52:39
You know it's not necessarily the same people?
There are people who said that and ARE getting all they can at these exchange rates.  There are also people who aren't, and will be bitching about how they wish they would have bought now.  This is not necessarily an indication that the people who said *before* that they'd do so are the same ones who will be bitching later.
It's important to realise that online forums consist of a large and diverse number of people, who are not all in agreement of opinion.
Personally, I'm one of those "don't care about the exchange rate to fiat and just get on with the business of actually using BTC in my daily life" people, who are definitely in the minority of posters here.
@_date: 2019-05-04 13:14:29
You're welcome to disagree, but I'd like to ask what justification you have for assuming the economy can keep growing indefinitely.
As far as I can see, the "size of the economy" is the sum of all value within it.  Value is more or less a proxy for energy expended and/or human desire.  A loss of people (through war, famine, natural disasters, or ageing and lower birth rates) will shrink the economy.  An energy crisis will shrink the economy.  At some point even *without* a shrinkage event, every economy will be "full" of people and have reached its peak ability to extract and use energy.  That is to say: economies can *never* grow indefinitely and *must* eventually either reach equilibrium or shrink.
If you disagree with that, what am I missing?
@_date: 2018-12-13 10:11:56


Yes, we did.


No you didn't.  You ignored nearly everything I said and continued just making nonsensical statements in a shotgun style approach so that it was impossible to highlight them all effectively without wasting a huge amount of time, so I eventually just gave up and stopped answering you.


I didn't call you any names (anyone else reading can go check the thread if they really like) and I'm not planning on doing so here either.
That said, I'm also not planning on answering you anymore in this thread either because honestly I feel it'd be a waste of my time and yours.
@_date: 2017-07-31 11:26:34
Absolutely it could... but that is a fall, not a starting point.  That's exactly what I mean when I say, "*I expect it to fall dramatically*" and the main reason I intend to dump them as quickly as possible.
I don't personally expect much of a rise from it after its fall.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:33:45


No it isn't.  Just because someone can create other cryptocurrencies, it doesn't affect the supply of bitcoin.
Does the quantity of silver available on the market affect the price of gold?
Does the quantity of Euro available on the market affect the price of the USD?


That is often the case currently, but there is a small non-zero amount of people holding it for longer without spending it anticipating future purchases.  This includes some merchants, so not all bitcoin purchases are expected to immediately be converted back to fiat.
I and my landlord are two examples.  Most of my bitcoin are held between 1 day and 1 month since I get paid once a month.  A smaller amount get held longer (assuming I spend less than I earn in a typical month).  My landlord (according to what he tells me) keeps about half the bitcoin I pay him and exchanges the other half for euro.


Where did you get those numbers?  To me, they look far too small.  Even a back-of-the-envelope calculation needs to have some justification for the numbers, otherwise you could plug anything in to it and get any result you want.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:52:57
It's a social consensus as well as a technical one.
Essentially, the miners are the ones who "decide" what is valid when mining it in to blocks.  They can set what rules they mine under, however if every other node on the network refuses to relay transactions with those rules, they'll never even see it, and if they broadcast blocks that are invalid according to those nodes, they'll also not be considered a part of the chain by anyone other than those miners.
So, the miners *could* all start doing something different against the wishes of the rest of the network, but they'd just be forking themselves off the network in doing so.  They'd be mining a coin that no one wants and would therefore be value-less.  It's in their economic best interests to only mine blocks that are consistent with the rules that the majority accept.
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:11:15
Right... try taking a look at my post history.
Yes, I'm a dad.  And I don't use fiat.  I live on bitcoin.  I pay my rent in bitcoin.  I bought my car with bitcoin.  I give my daughter half her pocket money in bitcoin (my wife gives her the other half in fiat).  My bank balance is ZERO and my bitcoin balance is pretty healthy.
So no, not every dad thinks bitcoin is a scam and not every dad is a "dumb fuck".
@_date: 2019-05-18 03:45:57
I don't see how that's "faith", but I'm not going to get in to an argument over semantics.  The word faith is already way too loaded with different meanings.
@_date: 2019-05-05 20:38:55
I won't rule it out entirely, but it seems pretty unlikely.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:33:51
I have no idea what you mean. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 20:09:25
I get what you're saying (I think) but as far as I can see you're missing quite a lot.


Over any kind of mid to long term time scale, no, it really doesn't and that's the point.  
Short term: The number of miners increases.  
Mid term: This increase in the number of miners decreases the profits of each until such time as the least profitable miners are required to disconnect.
Long term: All but the most profitable miners (the same ones as before the price increase) have been priced out.  Those "most profitable miners" are actually only making just enough money for it to be "worth it" to continue since otherwise the slightly less profitable miners wouldn't've dropped out.


Not all that much.  These comparisons to countries are pretty silly to be honest.
Is it a lot of power? Sure.  
Is it a significant percentage of what the earth is using? No way.  
Would large amounts of that energy have been wasted (on purpose) due to being locally unusable at the time it was produced? Definitely.  
Is a lot of it in newly created renewable energy? Yes.


I think you missed my point there.  The limits we place on our energy production are our own based on the cost of that energy. No one will mine bitcoin with energy that costs more than you get from mining.  This circles back to my answer above about the mid and long term effects on an increase of the value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:02:13
Again, if you're totally fine with the fact that it *can* *happen at all* then sure, Bitcoin's not for you.
Personally, the idea that other people have the ability to cause serious harm to me and my loved ones by blocking access to our ability to access our money is one that doesn't sit well with me, so even if it never *does* happen, the simple fact that it *can* is enough for me to avoid that system when a better one presents itself. (I also wouldn't be so sure that it will just be "twice a decade"... the one thing you can be sure of is that things change, and if your country enters a serious economic crisis access to your 'own' money is one of the first things you'll find restricted)
@_date: 2019-05-29 05:14:01
To be fair, where I am - Germany - is also way behind compared to a lot of places I’ve travelled, but it does seem ahead of the US. 
In my experience so far, wherever “traditional payments” have had innovation in the last decade seems to be slower at adopting BTC. Places that were further behind have been able to switch to BTC more easily because there’s not a lot of infrastructure needing to be replaced at the merchant and customer sides (and it just skips all the traditional middleman infrastructure). 
I’m not saying BTC should be seen as a payment network (I often strongly argue against that viewpoint; it’s a currency with a variety of different payment network technology options). It’s more that without complex and infrastructure heavy fiat payment networks in the way, there’s less adoption friction for the two main end-user sides.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:00:09
I agree.
@_date: 2019-05-04 16:55:08
Various options:
1. You want to gamble: Buy one or more really cheap altcoins, hope they go up, and then sell for profit.
2. You want to invest in something with some risk but very strong likelihood of high return over a long time period: Put it in Bitcoin.
3. You want a safe investment: Put it in land in a country that's short on space and not likely to be involved in a major war in the near future.
4. You want to change the world for the better: Put it in Bitcoin with the intention of using it rather than just selling it for profit.
Obviously, some combination of the above is possible and probably not stupid.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:32:33
She's got [about €20 so far]( on that address since the pic was posted.  I would honestly have expected more from the nature of some people (i.e. see not unattractive girl, go temporarily crazy).
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:52:54
By never holding fiat. I can’t regret selling more fiat if I didn’t have any more fiat to sell.
@_date: 2018-12-07 20:45:38
With that frame of reference, how do you talk about the changes in value of the fiat currency?
One US dollar had significantly more purchasing power 50 years ago than it does today.  Its value has decreased.  But if you only ever measure value in terms of US dollars, this is impossible.
So there must be an external metric for value that is distinct from the monetary valuation.  While it's hard to measure directly and always requires some kind of proxy, the most 'correct' definition is "how much people want to have it vs having something else".
@_date: 2019-05-16 22:16:18
You're not having trouble getting bitcoin, you're having trouble getting rid of euro.  They'd generally prefer that you don't...
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:32:25


You're getting the "currency" and the "method of payment" mixed up.
Saying "Bitcoin is slow" is like saying "Euro is slow" or "Dollars are slow".  It's meaningless unless you talk about the method in which they're transferred.
Sticking a bunch of dollar bills in an envelope and sending it around the world is very slow (and quite insecure).  Sending the same amount of dollars via PayPal can be quite fast.
Relatedly, sending Bitcoin to someone by writing an onchain transaction can indeed be quite slow and potentially expensive.  However sending Bitcoin to someone via other means (e.g. the Lightning Network) can be much faster and cheaper.


Agreed.  I'd extend it to "only one PoW coin can have long term value" for essentially the same reason.


Proof of Stake doesn't provide security.  It's a consensus mechanism pretending to be a security mechanism.  It's also not even particularly cheaper or more efficient, despite appearances.
* [
* [ 
* [
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:02:23
No, it doesn't.  If you're reading it that way, then **you** are the one that's biased, not the meme.
The meme shows a woman, wearing red, who is too stupid to figure out how to use bitcoin.  Any further that you read in to it from there (such as assuming the implication that all women are too stupid to use bitcoin) is entirely on you.
@_date: 2018-12-17 14:05:32


I agree you need to understand the rules of the current system, but I wouldn't say that we're trying to play on the same field.  We're rejecting the field entirely and suggesting people go play in the garden instead.
"Playing on the same field" is what people are doing when they treat bitcoin as an investment or set up payment processors or that sort of thing.  It's a necessary first step (unfortunately) but it's definitely not the end goal.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:45:59
What's this "sell" thing you're talking about?
@_date: 2018-12-06 09:57:20
Short feedback: most of your points are wrong, misinformed, or not well thought out.  They're also extremely old and tired arguments that have been made a thousand times, so I'm surprised you didn't come across them (and a better understanding of the counterarguments) during any google searching you did during the struggles you had during development.
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:18:04
Or they just don't recognise the threat?  Or perhaps don't consider it a threat?  Or perhaps do recognise it, but can't organise things effectively to ban it (making a law isn't as easy as you seem to think)?
One thing I notice with conspiracy theorists: You seem to attribute a lot more capability to "the government" than I ever would.  Governments tend to be bureaucratic, complex systems full of people that generally disagree with other and don't have the necessary skills to effectively maintain a complex conspiracy of any kind.  Just look how long it takes them to implement things they all *do* agree on and now imagine how difficult it is when they *don't* agree.
In short: [Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity](
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:06:30
If you'd like to mail it to me, I'd be happy to take a look.  PM me for an address to send it to.
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:53:06
Honestly, I know that, and I'm sorry for my snark; but I've found it's often raised as a complaint by Americans that it's not 'intuitive'.
I really do think that there's a big difference between seeing it often and really "feeling" it.  From what I've seen, it seems that for many Americans, the level of exposure to these prefixes is low enough that even if they're aware of them and understand them, it's not intuitive enough (yet) to be comfortable with switching between different prefixes without doing some mental calculation.
For example, if someone is talking to me about going for a 10km run, and someone else tells me that being horribly unfit, they're totally winded at only 100m, the fact that "10km" is 100 times "100m" is completely intuitive and automatic to me.  I don't at any point need to convert between them in my head consciously.
@_date: 2018-12-11 16:34:11


If you want to convince me of something, you don't have to tell me anything about how clever or knowledgeable you are... you have to *provide valid evidence* for what you're trying to convince me about.






These are exactly what I mean.  You can talk about what you think as long as you like.  I don't care what you *think*, prove it.


I don't view Bitcoin as an investment.  I view it - and use it daily - as a currency.  I'm invested in it in terms of time and energy, sure, because I believe it's a valuable project that has the potential for profound and wide reaching positive effects on the world.
I'm not becoming emotional at all.  If you're referring to my usage of the word "fuck" in my previous reply, it's a matter of emphasis that is necessary when dealing with people who either stubbornly refuse to read what is written, or are too dimwitted to understand it.  For now, I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt and assuming you just didn't bother reading anything I wrote, but if you claim you did, then - until I get evidence to the contrary - I'll have to assume you're a dimwit.


No... just no.


I probably have a lot more experience in academia than you do, and one thing I can say about it is that ivory towers are definitely a phenomenon.  Economics is a field where this is especially true.  Many economists spend so long learning about "how things work" that they don't take a step back to think about "how things could work".  There are economists with years of study behind them who can barely explain the concepts of any economic model outside of the currently popular Keynesian debt-based system.
I also highly doubt that "all of academia" disagrees with me given how much disagreement exists within academia itself.  I wouldn't doubt that the majority within a narrow field of study disagree with me, but again - see above regarding ivory towers.  Go find some physicists and have a conversation with them about how Bitcoin's proof-of-work function works.  Get really deep in to the technical aspects of how it works.  I've never met a physicist who didn't become convinced of Bitcoin's value after having that conversation.


Why?  What will stop bitcoin from adopting the new useful technology from the other coin (assuming it really is useful) and by virtue of having greater historical work invested in the chain, being a more secure system with the same technology on top?


Hold on, didn't you say earlier than you're an economist?  And you actually believe that the *Market Cap* of a *Currency* is a meaningful thing to talk about?!


Blockchain is a boring linked list.  Bitcoin is a collection of technologies (including a blockchain) that provides a global immutable ledger.  A blockchain alone provides nothing of any interest to anyone and you certainly can't "make a fortune" off it other than by being a scammer.


No.  Bitcoin has a first mover advantage in both **technical** as well as social terms.  The social advantage of being a first mover is good, but bitcoin is *provably better* by having had more work put in to the generation of its blocks than any other chain.  This isn't just "it was first so it must be best", it's "this is mathematically more secure than that, so it is better".  As already said, if any other coin adds a real feature of interest/value, bitcoin can simply adopt that feature and remain not just equal, but provably better than the newer coin.
This isn't just hopium and wishful thinking, it's fundamentally true as described by all our understandings of the properties and behaviours of the universe.  So, unless you want to argue against the concept of entropy and/or the arrow of time (refutations of which would be sufficient to show that proof of work doesn't provide value), I'm not sure how you can even begin to argue against this.
Economics; physics; computer science; sociology.  If you don't understand a decent amount of *at least* these four fields, you're working with incomplete information when talking about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:36:51
Did I say I couldn't be wrong?  Of course I could be.  I could also be wrong that stars are giant fusion reactions, or that gravity is the curvature of space caused by mass.
Yes, I could be wrong and I *welcome* people proving me wrong.  Really.  I *want* people to prove me wrong as often as possible, because that's how I learn and improve as a human being.  But that doesn't mean I'll just accept some random statement from a stranger online.  I want evidence and logical arguments.  Give me those, and I'll modify my view in a heartbeat.  I will never hold a belief contrary to what the evidence at hand suggests.
And yet - for now - I am absolutely still a "bitcoin maximalist" because that's what the evidence at hand suggests is correct.
@_date: 2017-06-18 19:30:49
Hannover, Germany.
Here is my power company's page about [paying with bitcoin](  Unfortunately, none of the other utilities accept it yet.
I do however also use bitcoin to pay for:
- my VPN service (renewal once per year)
- food shakes (JimmyJoy/Joylent (Soylent clone), around once per month)
- games on Steam (not so often, maybe a couple of times per year)
- stuff from the darknet markets (also maybe only once or twice a year)
- a couple of cafes and bars that I visit from time to time (maybe once every couple of months)
- and I've been thinking of using Edeka's grocery delivery service since they started taking bitcoin (but I'm still looking in to it because of concerns about delivery scheduling).
Basically, I try to use it as much as possible where it makes sense, but also due to my strong belief in the future of bitcoin, I always replenish from fiat before or directly after my BTC spend.
@_date: 2019-05-19 20:31:52
Fiat currencies are controlled by a central authority who is generally tasked with "keeping a stable level of inflation" with the idea that this stimulates useful economic activity (actually an unproven assertion).  They will take more drastic measures with monetary supply and interest rates in order to try to "correct" what they see as undesirable changes when external factors apply different pressures to the market.
This is the manipulation that I'm referring to, as it masks and distorts the actual size and behaviour of the economy, changing incentives away from what they might otherwise have been.  Since the market would naturally self-stabilise (assuming generally selfish rational actors with varying levels of knowledge), this kind of manipulation may have what appears to be a generally stabilising/calming effect, but is akin to sweeping the problems under the rug.  This is why since moving to purely fiat money, the world has experienced greater and greater market problems each time they appear and we're headed for the mother of all financial crises at some unknown point in the future (I won't even guess when... could be this year, could be in a century or two...).
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:21:25
I'd probably pay around 1.0005 for it... just for the novelty factor and that it looks kinda cool.
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:11:33
You and I have discussed this whole "closed source" thing before, I'm not going in to it again.
For anyone else looking for an answer to that, look at either my post history or post history and you'll find the conversations.
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:01:14
Month rather than week and I don’t call it “investing”, but yes. I get paid in bitcoin, so you could certainly look at it as a regular “investment”.
@_date: 2019-05-13 07:11:48
Given OP’s username, probably Germany. 
So far, German banks seem kind of standoffish, but I haven’t heard of them shutting off people’s access to accounts or closing them for bitcoin related activity. 
I could be wrong on that though. Even though I am in Germany and have a German bank account, it’s specifically with a bank that’s bitcoin friendly (Fidor). I don’t use them much at all though since my employer started paying me bitcoin directly instead of euro.
@_date: 2018-12-15 20:23:21
I don't think those two things are at all equivalent though.
Seizing bank accounts is "easy" for them and they know exactly how much each person has.  They can target individuals directly and with no physical involvement.
Grabbing someone and detaining them until they give up "some amount of bitcoin" is both more difficult and more error prone.  They don't know to target me vs any other random person.  They don't know if the 1BTC I gave up was my life savings or 1/1000 of my life savings.
"Dystopian authoritarian state" isn't a binary, it's a scale.  The US is already far further along that scale than it was 30 years ago and "seizing bank accounts" comes much earlier on the scale than "abducting innocent people off the streets for their money".
@_date: 2018-12-05 09:06:20
Oh, I'm sure one BTC be worth a million dollars one day.  The real question is whether that million dollars will buy a small house or only a small car at that point in time.
@_date: 2018-12-14 13:06:13


I will not answer that and I really hope no one else (other than throwaway accounts using secure VPNs or similar) does either.


The same as I always do regardless of the exchange rate between bitcoin and fiat: convert my entire unallocated monthly salary in to bitcoin and then do my best to spend less than I've earned.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:09:21
I don't know of any such tool, but a decent programmer should be able to throw something like that together reasonably quickly.
It should go without saying, but just to be safe: don't give this partial key to anyone.  If they want to "test" their software on a real key, they can create them themselves.  Anyone who can write the software to do so can also test it properly without access to your key.  You also shouldn't run it with a live internet connection.  Once you've found the key, transfer the bitcoin to a different key under your control immediately before allowing the computer that ran the software to reconnect to the internet.
If no one else offers something, I could create the appropriate software for you for a small fee (25mBTC seems reasonable).  Just drop me a private message with platform information (e.g. Windows, Mac, Linux, etc) if you're interested.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:57:04
Look, I am a bit frustrated with you, but I am remaining civil and have not resorted to name calling as far as I can see.  I apologise if you think I have.
Neither of those articles address what you claim.  They are talking about the amount of time it takes for a transaction to be included in a block.  This is due to the limited space within a block meaning that when the number of transactions coming in is greater than the amount that will fit in a block, they will begin to 'back up' and the memory pool (mempool) will grow larger.  The transactions that were sent with higher fees will (generally) be prioritised by miners, leaving the lower fee transactions in the backlog.  This can cause fees to spike if poor methods are used to calculate what a 'good' fee to pay is to get your transaction in within the next x number of blocks.
What neither of those articles talk about is how long it takes to propagate a transaction across the network to be seen by the majority of nodes, including your destination (again, several seconds at most, usually much less).  Nor do they describe anything about write performance of the transactions causing any additional delays or issues.
@_date: 2018-12-02 16:44:20
Seven to eight percent of the people they surveyed in a limited selection of countries.  The report does not indicate what your title suggests.
I would also say that 7 to 8 percent wouldn't be surprisingly low (if accurate) for the world, but surprisingly high.  I'd honestly be surprised if it were even 1% at this stage.
@_date: 2019-05-10 09:09:29


Citation needed.
@_date: 2018-12-07 13:19:34
Actually, I completely agree with you, *except* that bitcoin is implemented in software and therefore gets the advantages of it unlike other forms of money.
One of these advantages is the ability to be improved and enhanced.  Second layer network technology can bring significant amounts of traffic off-chain, meaning we can continue with either the current block size, a small increase, or even (if we're really lucky/good) a decrease even while increasing the real-world usage to cover every monetary transaction on the planet.  This would mean that the growth of the chain should stay within reasonable limits for the ability of the "everyman" to continue to run a node essentially forever.
Side note: my first HDD was on my third personal computer: it was ten megabytes.  My first modem was 300 bits per second.  My first real 'internet connection' was via a modem that was 9600 bits per second.  The blockchain growth size doesn't worry me as long as we keep blocks small enough to grow at a slower rate than our storage, processing, and network capacity growth rates.
I totally agree that as a global money it would fail miserably if every transaction everyone ever made were to be permanently recorded on the chain.  The way the technology scales just isn't capable of that.
I think most people who understand the technology are well aware of this.  There are a small crowd who appear to understand the technology but disagree with the assessment.  They mostly focus on bcash (BCH and BSV) these days though, since those forks are focused on on-chain scaling as a primary means to to handle more transactions.  I just think they're wrong.
@_date: 2019-05-04 12:58:15
Those are not examples at all of how a deflationary currency would behave.  Those are examples of how an economy fails when it's built around principles that expect inflation but instead have to deal with deflation.
If you have an economy built around principles that are neutral to whether it's inflationary or deflationary, you can be much more stable.
It's important to note that bitcoin isn't inherently deflationary.  The money itself is disinflationary, but once the supply inflation is negligible, whether an economy built around it is inflationary or deflationary depends entirely on the growth or shrinkage of the total economy (growth = deflationary; shrinkage = inflationary).
This is a good thing, because our current economic models with permanent inflation being forced through an ever increasing money supply are inherently unstable.  They require constant and ever-increasing corrections, which ultimately won't be able to correct things once the swings get too large.  Even worse, they assume the impossible: constant growth of the economy.  They're completely unable to deal with situations where the economy shrinks through loss of productive members of society (problems seen everywhere where there are "ageing populations").
A monetary model that is neutral to net economic growth allows for more natural market behaviours and avoids catastrophic failures caused by putting band-aids on things a thousand times over until they just don't hold anymore.
@_date: 2017-06-03 07:45:17


This is entirely possible yes, and I don't think anyone would immediately disagree.  However, I think almost everyone would disagree that that's what we need *right now*.
Therefore the argument is essentially between people who view the best approach as being increasing the blocksize first vs adding segwit (and thus allowing second layer networks more easily) first.
Most people seem to agree that longer term, both solutions are required (unless someone very clever comes up with a nicer solution in the interim).
@_date: 2017-06-02 16:20:26
Ummm... you're aware the internet wasn't created in 1995 right?
@_date: 2017-06-11 10:50:42
But this is wrong...
Essentially OP was saying it's the difference between going from 300c/hour to 6c/hour and going from $3/hr to $6/hr.  It's the exact same move.
While going from $3/BTC to $6/BTC is indeed not the same market-wise as $3000/BTC to $6000/BTC (although it's more similar than most people think), that's a totally different thing than what OP was talking about.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:55:20
A governance mechanism that breaks the security model by removing Proof of Work. Try again.
@_date: 2019-05-13 07:37:36
Directly.  I work for a company in the bitcoin space, so it's normal for the company to own some BTC at any given time.  It took a bit to sort out the paperwork side of things in our finance office since they hadn't previously had BTC as "money" in the system and had it as "assets" (similar to chairs, tables, computers, printers, and so on) instead.  There's no legal barrier, but paying any employee in assets rather than money is tricky from a paperwork perspective.
After a bit of checking with various government offices what is and is not allowed, they switched over to treating the company's BTC as a financial device that fulfils the role of money rather than as an asset.  The government doesn't consider it money, so this is the closest that would work.  After doing that, paying me in it is just a case of defining the monetary value of it on payday (we have an agreed date/time, exchange rate provider, and miner fee estimate method) and then transferring that directly to the Bitcoin address that I provide to them (minus miner fees; that's my responsibility and hence the agreed method for what it should be).
We're actually talking now about changing my pay schedule from monthly to daily and doing it over Lightning, but that's actually even more complex because of how it influences things like the (legally mandated) employer side of  insurance and retirement pension payments.
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:57:55
I think maybe 1000x is still a possibility, although certainly not in a short timeframe and possibly not ever.  However a few hundred times is still quite realistic and should be expected over the next 3 to 5 decades.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:04:51
No, I don't hold fiat any longer than necessary.
1. I get paid (in fiat unfortunately, but that might change in the near future)
2. I convert the majority of this to BTC (everything except the amount needed for the automatic payments that I can't settle in BTC)
3. I use either that BTC or my credit card over the month for normal day to day expenses
4. Just before next payday, I pay off my credit card using BTC
5. If I have significant amounts left over, I put it in to one of my various long-term investments (which are quite traditional investments and not crypto related at all)
6. Go to step 1
@_date: 2019-05-15 09:46:55


More than that... these kind of calculations assume the ability to take over chip fabs at will.  There actually aren't that many chip fabs in the world, and getting them to halt production of everything else just to make chips for the government would hardly go unnoticed.  And if it's noticed, steps can be taken to protect the chain from the hostile government (some potentially quite drastic steps like an algorithm change, but it'd render the attempt useless and the government would have wasted all that money/effort for nothing; so even the threat of this is enough for the attempt to not be worth it).
So the only way a government could do so would be "bit by bit" getting their chips produced at a normal rate along with everyone else's.  If they put the hash rate on the network to try to recover some costs, they're actually contributing to the security and encouraging growth of competition, meaning they'll never catch up.  But if they *don't* put the hash rate on the network (i.e. they have a plan to switching on all 51% at once to "surprise" the network) they'll have enormous additional costs in storing all of the devices, dealing with them ageing (and being less energy efficient and thus more expensive than the competition) while they wait for more, and setting up the power generation infrastructure to run it all.  The costs would be enormously higher than $2B.
Basically, I don't see any realistic scenario where it's even possible for a government to pull off this kind of attack.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:17:45


What?! No.  Delays in transaction processing at that time had nothing to do with write performance somewhere.  It had everything to do with more transactions than could fit in a block.  No one anywhere describes bitcoin transaction time in seconds.  Transactions at that time would be in the mempool of the majority of miners (and importantly, visible at the target site) within seconds of being sent exactly as they are today.
I'm sorry, but for a developer you seem to have a very poor understanding of the technology you were working with.


This is completely correct and still completely missing the point of what I was saying.  This is true whether you're working with bitcoin or not, so **there is no additional burden on development to do so**.
If you have to add a 17% sales tax to a $5.32 purchase, it will be $6.2244.  This will need to be rounded.  If you add a 17% sales tax to a 532111 satoshi purchase, it will be 622569.87 satoshi.  Both of these values need to be rounded if settled in those currencies.  You will have rules for rounding according to the regulations that describe the sales tax.  If the BTC purchase is to be settled in dollar values in the books, you first convert 622569.87 satoshi to dollars and then round that.  You do not round the satoshi, then convert, then round again.
Again, **none of this is specific to bitcoin** and **all of it is stuff that the system already has to do**.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:25:40


This is absolutely and completely incorrect.
@_date: 2019-05-30 07:10:58
You just need to keep in mind that we live in an age of information overload.  Learning one thing means missing out on learning another.  And there are more things coming in to existence every day than you can learn in a day, so it's a simple fact that there will always be more things that you don't know than things that you do.
So, people divide their time up in to learning things they see value in from their very brief interactions.  In order for people to take the time to learn what Bitcoin is and what it could mean for the world, they first need to have their interest in it piqued enough to take those next steps.  If all they've ever heard is that it's "magic internet money, used for buying drugs, and based on nothing but speculation", they're probably not going to take any additional time to find out more.
@_date: 2018-12-07 13:03:44
Look, I said I understand it already.  Yes, Bitcoin now has less purchasing power than it did at any point earlier this year and thus the purchasing power of someone holding bitcoin that they traded for (most kinds of) fiat earlier this year has decreased.  I am not disputing any of that.
What I am disputing is that **money** has been lost.  Not value, not purchasing power, money.
Let's go through a hypothetical example.
1. I have $1000 and 0.00BTC.  
The exchange rate is currently $5000/1.0BTC.
2. I trade $500 for 0.10BTC.  
I now have $500 and 0.10BTC.  
I have lost $500.  I have gained 0.10BTC.  
My purchasing power (not money) is $1000 equivalent.
3. The exchange rate changes to $500/1.0BTC.  
I still have $500 and 0.10BTC.  
I have still only lost $500 and still only gained 0.10BTC.  
My purchasing power (not money) is down to $550 equivalent.  
I have therefore lost purchasing power, not money.
@_date: 2018-12-08 08:10:08
Why?  Bitcoin hasn't been mined with GPUs for many years now.  If you want to complain to someone about graphics card prices, complain to people pumping all those "ASIC-resistant" shitcoins.
@_date: 2018-12-12 10:59:52


Haha... to be honest, I don't let my 7 year old have access to all "her" BTC either.  She does have a mobile wallet, but it only has a bit of spending money on it (she gets half her pocket money in euro and half in BTC; all BTC isn't as practical for a 7 year old as it is for me, since I also have a credit card).
Her \~1.008BTC (and her little brother's 1BTC) is on my Nano S along with my small savings (as separate accounts, so using Ledger Live on her computer, she can see I'm not spending her money!).  The \~8mBTC was actually a transfer from her mobile wallet that she decided to do herself because she didn't think it was good to have that much money on her phone anymore (her words, not mine).  She did it directly herself from her phone to the QR code generated by Ledger Live, no involvement from me at all (the first I knew of it was when I saw the transaction on my Ledger Live when I opened it).
My son will start getting pocket money after his birthday next year (family rule: pocket money first from 5 years old), so we'll do the same for him.  As it was with my daughter though, I'll be the sole custodian of it until he gets a mobile device (two years later, when he's 7).
I've been thinking about creating a custom "kid's wallet" to have rules like multi-sig with "approval", so the kids could make a transaction and I'd get a notification on my phone asking me to "approve" it if it's above a certain limit, which then signs it on my side to complete the transaction (auto-sign if under my defined limit, so they're not left hanging when wanting to buy something small), but I never have enough time for coding these days (I used to write software as my day job, but for the last half decade or so, I've been in management and my skills are getting rusty).
I'll give both of them full and sole control over their own BTC either when they're 20 or when they move out of home, whichever comes first.  There'll definitely be a big speech to go along with it though, especially if it's worth what I expect it'll be worth by then.


I don't think my son really gets yet that it's any different to euro.  It's just another kind of money to him.  He's totally fine with the concept that some places take euro, other (fewer) places take bitcoin, and with bitcoin there are no physical notes/coins like with euro, but both of them can be used digitally either in person or online.
For my daughter, it's different.  She also grew up with bitcoin just like my son, but she's old enough to really get that there is a difference and that bitcoin is something 'special' that we and a few other people use but isn't really very widespread yet.  We've talked a lot about how money works, and she's fully on board with the concept that perpetually inflationary money is essentially just a stupid concept and that letting other people have control over your money is less than ideal (as in: acceptable when necessary, but it shouldn't always be necessary, and much preferred not to to do when not necessary).
Just last week, she took the book "[99 Bitcoins and an Elephant]( by to school to read to her class.  She spent a lot of time afterwards happily explaining Bitcoin to the entire second grade.  I caught up with her teacher yesterday before class and after confirming the explanation from my daughter was indeed correct (and filling in a few blanks/misunderstandings of course) helped her set up a wallet on her phone!
@_date: 2018-12-07 19:09:02
1. USD, EUR, etc do not have a stable value.
2. I use Bitcoin more than any fiat currency.
3. Bitcoin is not "*fucking dying*".
4. Even if all of the above three points weren't true and your assessment were, it wouldn't make my previous statement any less correct.
@_date: 2018-12-07 12:28:45
I understand value very well, but since that word never appeared anywhere in the text you're replying to nor the one I replied to, I'm not really sure what the fuck you're talking about.
Also, please don't type all in caps, it's annoying and reminds me too much of those hulking mainframes and terminals from when I was a much younger man with far more patience than I have now.
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:31:10


Sure... but they're not really issues.


Bitcoin is a currency, not a method of payment.  Speed isn't an issue for a currency.  Speed is an issue for payment methods.  Therefore speed isn't an issue for Bitcoin.
Does Bitcoin need more ways to pay?  Yes.  Should these be fast? Generally, yes.  Is it a fundamental failing of Bitcoin that they're not there yet? No, absolutely not.  Not any more than it's a failing of the USD when PayPal's servers go down.


Bitcoin is a currency, not a method of payment.  Transaction fees aren't an issue for a currency.  Transaction fees are an issue for payment methods.  Therefore transaction fees aren't an issue for Bitcoin.
Does Bitcoin need more ways to pay?  Yes.  Should these have low transaction fees? Generally, yes.  Is it a fundamental failing of Bitcoin that they're not there yet? No, absolutely not.  Not any more than it's a failing of the USD when PayPal's servers go down.


I don't see anyone who actually works on things being cultish.  I see quite a lot of tribalism in general (especially on reddit) but that's just an expected side effect of any social movement.


How can it be any easier than being a completely permissionless system?  Downloading a wallet and having someone send you some BTC is trivial.  Convincing someone to send you money isn't always easy, but that's got nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-03 10:19:03
The tech is cool, and getting richer is definitely a bonus, but I'm personally not in it for either of those things.  I'm in it to help build a better world (if not for me, then perhaps for my kids; and if not for them, perhaps for their kids).
@_date: 2018-12-08 21:20:59
The food shakes are by choice. I prefer not to have to think about what I'm going to eat, the time it takes, and so on.
I still do eat regular food from time to time, but usually only "special occasions" or when I really feel like experiencing the enjoyment of it.  By not doing it all the time, it makes it much better and also avoids problems of food experiences that are less pleasurable; unhealthy eating over long time frames (which I used to be prone to); and so on.
@_date: 2018-12-06 15:22:34
Yep.  My last big fiat expenses are:
* Kids' private school (working on that at the moment... might have luck next school year)
* Diesel
* Power/Gas bill
Basically everything else, I've got covered with BTC these days.  I used to have power covered as well, but I moved city a half year or so ago and in the new area, there's no power company that'll take it.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:45:58
When I "buy" bitcoin, most of my money goes on to my hardware wallet and a small amount on to my phone.
What happens to the fiat that someone accepted in exchange for my money, I don't really care about.
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:24:19
You really are a nutjob conspiracy theorist aren't you?
Wow, I thought you were just a troll and I was having fun playing, but it seems like you might *really* actually believe this crap.  It's extremely entertaining.
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:36:35
I do unfortunately *use* fiat, I just don't *hold* fiat.
That is:
* I have a euro denominated bank account.  It sits at zero almost all the time.
* I get paid in Bitcoin by my employer, but calculated from a set euro value.
* I pay as many bills as possible in Bitcoin directly, including my rent and most groceries/food.
* I have an Australian Dollar denominated credit card.
* I use my credit card for purchases of things where I can't pay in euro, including filling my car with diesel and the few grocery/food items I can't get with Bitcoin directly.
* I pay off my credit card using Bitcoin via [Living Room of Satoshi](
* I prepaid my electricity, water, and gas bills by about a year.  When that runs out, I'll buy some euro and put it in my bank account, which I'll then use for another large prepayment, ensuring I have a non-zero euro balance for the shortest possible amount of time.
@_date: 2017-06-04 15:01:15
I think that's what the OP means though... the idea of a hodler is that you don't try to "get out more than you put in" because that implies a belief that it won't continue to rise in value.
If I sold all my BTC now, I'd have vastly more fiat than I ever spent on buying BTC (including every purchase I've ever made with BTC; so I could even view it as those purchases having been 'free'), but I have absolutely no intention of doing so.  This is because I believe that long-term, any fiat I hold will only continue to decrease in both value and freedom of use, whereas bitcoin will increase in value and remain freely usable.
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:48:53
Where's your CMDB in that?  It's exactly the CMDB's job to take care of this configuration issue.  The options I see are:
1. You have one already and are conveniently forgetting it when talking about lnd
2. You have one but don't know how to use it properly
3. You don't have one and all of your services are so insanely simplistic that they don't require configuration (in which case, you've got no place to be talking about complex systems)
4. You don't have one and are already hacking around stuff for configuration
@_date: 2018-12-19 13:20:25
Ummm... why won't that matter?
If it's centralised then:
1. You have zero expectation of privacy
2. You have zero expectation of the currency rules not changing
3. You have zero expectation of control over your own money
"Everyone" is using fiat right now and Bitcoin is carving a hole out of that *because* it's better.  If "everyone" started using Facebook Coin, it'd be the same story.  It'd be just another fiat currency with no real underlying value.
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:50:30
As a parent, fuck you.
My kids understand and use bitcoin.  They're growing up in a different world than I did, just as I grew up in a different world than my parents.  They need to understand what this new world is about, not be protected from it and have their parents push outdated modes of thinking on them.
Even if Bitcoin somehow fails in the long term (which I find difficult to imagine), learning about it and understanding it still teaches them valuable lessons about how money works, trust, game theory, and technology.
@_date: 2019-05-11 07:56:27


If you think it's "blind" faith, then I'd contest that you don't understand it.  Because it's not blind.  I don't have blind faith in anything.  I base my beliefs on the best available evidence to me at any point.  If someone presents evidence to the contrary, I will adjust or change my beliefs.


Of course not, but that has nothing to do with Bitcoin as a currency (nor even fiat as a currency actually).  An exchange is a service on top of Bitcoin and comes with its own set of problems and concerns.  Credit cards are a service on top of fiat currencies, and come with their own set of problems and concerns.  Neither is a fundamental aspect of the underlying currency.
Another thing that makes it even more of a meaningless point is that exchanges are not required to use Bitcoin just as credit cards are not required to use fiat.  I personally haven't used an exchange in months now, ever since I got my employer to pay me in Bitcoin directly instead. (perhaps humorously, I do still have a fiat denominated credit card; because as I no longer hold fiat and am able to pay off the credit card using Bitcoin, it is my "payment method of last resort" when I'm unable to use Bitcoin directly).
@_date: 2019-05-03 03:55:49


I didn't say it would double "from one day to the other".  Actually, I didn't even say I expect it to double at all as a result - I expect both a reduction in hash rate and an increase in value to find a new (very temporary) equilibrium somewhere in the middle.
However an increase in value won't happen "from one day to the other".  Halving events are known and expected, so there'll be people buying more beforehand in expectation of the value rising (which becomes self-fulfilling).
Generally when the value increases, hash rate increases since there's more opportunity for miners to make money adding more hash power to the network, however this isn't something they can do instantly.  Miners don't have vast swaths of hardware sitting around waiting to be turned on, so there's generally a delay.  Even with extra profitability shortly before the halving, I expect miners to be cautious and not turn on that much additional hashing.
When the halving then hits, the mining profitability is such that the reduction in reward doesn't require a significant decrease in hash rate since the profitability was already higher than the network was sharing.


Miners can choose whatever transactions they want.  They generally just include the highest-value transactions they've seen though since it makes no sense to do otherwise.


And why is that a problem?  Reduction of hash power on the network is something that happens from time to time and isn't a bad thing at all.  It's only bad if something happens to cause a very large percentage of all miners to all drop off at once and that's not going to happen just because of a period of lower fees.
Essentially, hash rate adjusts to the total reward measured in the currency paid for electricity (not reward measured in BTC unless they're paying for power in BTC) and you are right that total reward will be based more on the transactions in the future; however this only means that if there's not enough reward to pay for all of the hashing happening, the least energy efficient miners will drop off the network and the more efficient ones that remain will pick up their share of the reward.  Mining will always aim towards a break-even point globally speaking (it just does so slowly, which is how energy efficient miners can make a lot of money).
@_date: 2018-12-11 14:52:41
Try taking a look at people's posting history and the historical threads.  I think you'll find people are actually pretty consistent - it's only WHO writes in each thread that changes, making it seem like "the people here" are changing their stance/statements.
@_date: 2017-06-04 15:29:55
That's good advice, but it's really not all that different to "*don't put in more than you're willing to lose*".
I've spent €X on buying bitcoin.  I've spent €Y worth of bitcoin (at the time of spending it) on purchases that I would otherwise have made in fiat.  X-Y is therefore the amount of euro that I've spent on bitcoin only to hold it.
If I were to sell bitcoin for fiat, we could call that value Z.  I believe what you're advocating is ensuring that X-Y+Z &lt; 0, ensuring that my 'investment' in bitcoin carries no real risk in terms of fiat (only opportunity cost).
Again, I have nothing against this in principle since it's sound advice from an investment standpoint.  Any bitcoin one holds beyond that is basically 'free money' gained through clever investments.
However should X-Y+Z = -Q, then the worst case scenario is no different than losing €Q.  Let's imagine for a moment that Q = 1000.  For some people, this might be unacceptably high, whereas for others it's something that may barely register a second thought.  Whatever value you assign to Q is in effect just the more analytical way of describing "*don't put in more than you're willing to lose*".
It's worth noting that my simpler X-Y is functionally equivalent to X-Y+Z when Z is zero as in my personal case.  It's also worth noting that taking Y out of the equation isn't really possible, as it vastly changes the 'meaning' of it when Y is non-zero due to artificially inflating X.
Overall, while I understand it, I don't generally bother with this line of thinking, since it's still entirely based in the idea of the fiat being the 'true value' and the bitcoin being the thing you're valuing using it.  While that is an unfortunate fact of reality right now since every vendor I want to interact with is pricing things in fiat (and so even if they accept BTC, they'll charge me based on the current exchange rate to their preferred fiat money), the long term goal is that this will not always be the case and BTC will be the representation of 'true value' instead.
@_date: 2018-12-05 15:04:39
I did use the phrase "may be".  I'm not saying it's necessarily likely, but it is well within their power and capability.  Whether the nation is "developed" or not has very little to do with it, it's a fundamental feature of the system design.
With regards to the likelihood, I agree that unless I do something 'bad' or my country suddenly has a massive political upheaval or gets involved in a serious war or similar, the chance is close to zero.  However, "zero risk" is better than "close to zero risk", so why take on a risk that I don't have to, even if it's a tiny one?
@_date: 2018-12-08 11:04:23
**You can not see the future and no one else can either.**
How do you know that the next low won't be higher than the current high, or where the next high will be?
This last time, it went from \~$900 to \~$20000 and now down to \~$3500.  That means, at some point, it was going up and had reached $1800.  You could have thought that's the "high" and exchanged your BTC away for dollars, essentially doubling your initial investment (assuming you bought at the aforementioned $900).  You then wait for it to "dump" for a "cheaper buying opportunity", but you'd still be waiting now.  It's still higher than that point and might never go that low again.  It also might, but since - as above - neither of us, nor anyone else is able to see the future, you are essentially just gambling.  If you understand that, then fine, but don't pretend foresight that you don't have.
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:40:00
The number of lost coins is completely irrelevant.
Let's say there are 5000 globblecoins (GBC).  They get used as a currency and are eventually roughly evenly distributed amongst the world population of 50000 people (each person has around 0.1 GBC).
Now let's imagine that half of the GBC suddenly disappear.  What's the effect on the economy?  **Absolutely nothing**.  Each person now has around 0.05GBC, but their purchasing power is absolutely identical to before.  They still have somewhere around 1/50000 of the total monetary supply.
Of course, in the real world money isn't evenly distributed and losses of money are things that individuals suffer, not everyone at once losing the same amount.  This means that someone losing access to all their BTC has decreased the total supply but their own loss is 100%.  This sucks for them, but for the rest of the economy it's like a tiny donation.
So, let's go back to globblecoins.
Peter has 100GBC.  Paul also has 100GBC.  Everyone else in the world has the rest of them.
Paul has all his globblecoin on a paper wallet and no backups.  His cat gets hungry, and since Paul used a meat-scented ink in his printer when printing the paper wallet, his cat eats it and the 100GBC are irrevocably lost.
There are now only 4900 GBC in the world.  Paul is broke.  Peter's 100GBC used to be 1/50^(th) of the total amount of money, but it's now 2/99^(th).  Everyone else in the world had an equivalent (percentage) increase in their fraction of the total amount.
No matter how much is lost, there is no influence on the ability for it to work as money.  It just makes each 'unit' worth more.
Now of course you might reasonably ask about how we divide it.  That's one of the great things about digital currency:
Suddenly, there's a baby boom.  The world population expands quickly from 50000 to 50000000000.  The money that exists is distributed amongst the people, but it hardly makes sense to talk about whole globblecoins anymore.  1 GBC is far more than any normal person could ever own.  But what's stopping someone having 0.000001GBC?  Nothing at all - it's digital!  You can divide it infinitely if you so choose (back to the real world: bitcoin's smallest on-chain unit is the satoshi, but this can be subdivided in 2nd layers and - with a hardfork - could be subdivided on chain if we deem it necessary (which we probably won't)).  It gets annoying to talk about tiny numbers like 0.000001GBC of course, so everyone agrees to call a particular fraction of a GBC a "Stuntz-X" instead.  As in, "I have five and a half Stuntz-X" instead of "I have 0.0000055 GBC".  Life goes on as normal.
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:01:29
Sure... I've probably personally convinced 5 or 6 places to take bitcoin over the last few years.
It's more or less just a matter of asking at every single place I buy things if they'll take bitcoin instead of fiat.  Most of them just give a flat no, but for some of them, it starts a conversation.  In a small number of those where a conversation starts, they then take the steps to actually do so.
In the end, it's just a numbers game really.
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:35:59
Which is fine... if you trust the insurance company, the currency they deal in, and all the various middle-men who are involved in moving that money around (their bank, your bank, etc). 
Personally I think they’re reasonably trustworthy with moderate to small amounts right now, but I don’t trust that that will always be the case. Why take a risk that you don’t have to?
@_date: 2018-12-22 02:55:40
As I read/understood it, BaFin says if you use it as as unit of exchange, not selling for fiat (within 1 year), it’s also untaxed. 
Basically, “buy and use” isn’t taxed; nor is “invest for long term”. Only short term traders need care. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:17:04
I agree with almost everything you said... except the value.
How did you calculate $1.20? Or did you just pull it out of the air?
To me, even just those use cases should mean a much, much higher value just thinking about the number of people and times that these use cases would present themselves compared to the total final supply of all BTC.  I also however see many other use cases, so I'd want to add those to any real calculation as well.  I wouldn't want to even hazard a guess as to the number without doing at least some back-of-the-envelope calculations, but it'd be way higher than $1.20 and quite likely much higher than the last ATH.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:26:12
Funnily enough, that would be a more effective way of killing fiat than bitcoin.
That said, it'd also kill global logistics, which includes the food supply of most major cities... so yeah... money probably wouldn't be our major concern at that point.
@_date: 2019-05-31 12:23:29


No it isn't.
Proof-of-work is the heart; censorship-resistance through pseudonymity is the soul.
Blockchain is a kind of database structure that is very useful for Bitcoin and damn near useless for anything else.


No it isn't.  Nowhere.  Not at all.  The only scholarly reference I could find that even comes close talks about the idea of using a blockchain as a decentralised distribution mechanism for genomic data (and I'd argue they could find more efficient ways to get the same effect).  Again, just a database structure.
@_date: 2018-12-07 12:52:00


Personally, I think your post is one of the better/more interesting ones for those who care about trading bitcoin and trying to use it to make more money (whether they then keep it in bitcoin or in fiat is an entirely different matter).
What is important to keep in mind though is that there are those of us who don't see bitcoin that way.  We are well aware that there are plenty of people who do, but we really do get bored/annoyed when we see nothing but posts about the exchange rate to fiat currencies and who is doing what with it in speculative financial markets.
We see bitcoin as a better form of money.  The topics that interest us are diverse and we won't always agree either, but the one thing that's clear is that the 'price' is by far one of the least interesting aspects (at best, it just serves as a *very* loose indicator of interest/adoption/public knowledge; but not much else).
Personally, I want to see more posts about ideas for technical enhancements to the network; new/clever approaches in decentralising various features of the ecosystem (compared to shoving decentralised money in to centralised systems like exchanges and payment gateway providers); merchant acceptance/services that I might find useful; new versions/applications of important ecosystem components (like wallets); discussions of game theory and actor behaviour in edge cases that might not have been discussed or fully explored before; and so on.
Some people here - like [SAT0SHl]( \- just tend to be a bit more direct in their approach towards showing disapproval than I am.  I may use more words for the same point and I may not necessarily agree with every other post they make, but in this instance I can't help but echo their sentiment, "*Yawwwwnnnn!!!!*".
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:00:31
I'm well aware of different rules in different languages; I speak several.
As for "overthinking", I honestly hate it when people say "don't overthink".  It's never a bad thing to use reasoned thought, and *you* were the one who said "grammar as it means to be" when clearly the OP was talking about his usage in English.  I would hazard a guess that my answer was more useful to OP than yours in absolutely every respect imaginable.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:58:56


**^(\[citation needed\])**
@_date: 2018-12-05 13:57:27
"Shouldn't", but most certainly is.  Just as I accept that any fiat I keep in my bank account may be stolen by the bank account or a government with influence over that bank (which is why I generally keep the balance at non-zero for as short-as-possible timeframes).
@_date: 2018-12-06 13:46:25
Not a real chain anymore, no.  There used to be, but not anymore (Edeka here in Germany used to accept it for online orders, but not in store).
I just convinced a small market near me to accept it and I do the vast majority of my shopping there.  For anything they don't sell, I do go to the supermarket, but I then pay with my credit card which I can pay off via bitcoin, so I don't have to handle fiat directly.
@_date: 2018-12-07 19:12:36
Yeah... it kinda goes through a curve... when you're a kid, you have no patience.  When you're in your late 20s to late 30s, you're the *king* of patience.  After that, you slowly but surely become more and more crotchety.  You've spent enough years tolerating other people being incompetent arseholes and just end up saying enough is enough.
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:43:22
There is mining equipment produced outside of China and also many mining operations run outside of China.
The largest mining operations appear to currently be in China as well as the owners of the largest mining pools and the majority of ASIC manufacture.  This is however all completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-06-18 15:31:33
Percentages are all that matter.  It's the same as holding any other currency.
For example, let's assume you're in the US and use US dollars as your day to day currency.  If you buy €100 for $110, and then it drops 1% tomorrow, your euro holdings are now worth $108.90, and you've "lost" around $1.10.  However, if you buy €100000 for $110000 and it drops 1% tomorrow, you've "lost" around $1100.
Now, let's imagine a hypothetical world where the exchange rate of dollars to euro is vastly differently.  Instead of 1.1:1, it's more like 10000:1.  However lets also imagine the same 1% drop over a day and the same amounts being bought/sold.  In the first example, you buy €0.011 using your $110, and then after the 1% drop, that €0.011 is worth $108.90 giving an equivalent $1.10 loss.  In the second example, you buy €1.10 for your $110000, and after the 1% drop, your holdings have lost $1100.
As you can see, in both cases it's exactly the same as before.  The absolute value numbers themselves are irrelevant if you're just using it as an investment vehicle to be valued in your home currency - only the percentage change has an impact.
@_date: 2018-12-19 13:30:06
While I like the sentiment, I do have to ask why you hedge with "*regardless of political affiliation*" before "*long live bitcoin*", but don't make a similar "*regardless of religious belief*" hedge prior to your god statements?
@_date: 2018-12-19 04:41:02
Not sure if you realise, but for many of us outside of the US, we see the US turning more and more in to a totalitarian state as every year passes.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:19:13
Forking is not "exactly the same thing" at all.
When more USD are printed they are:
* Indistinguishable in every way to USD that already exist
* Equivalent in every way to USD that already exist
* Able to be transacted in the same way as USD that already exist
* Able to be transacted with USD that already exist
Essentially, they're the exact same thing, just more of them.
When a fork happens (or another new coin is just created), they are:
* Distinguishable (by definition) from existing bitcoin
* Not equivalent in value or functionality to existing bitcoin
* Require differences in how they're transacted (the bitcoin network would reject them as invalid)
* Not able to be transacted at the same time as Bitcoin (requires two separate transactions on two separate networks)
The equivalent in fiat terms is the printing of notes promising USD, without actually being USD, as happens in a few places with failed economies (Zimbabwe being a good example).  These start out as parity with the USD but quickly devalue since they're "not the real thing".  They'd be utterly worthless in any US store and have no influence on the value of the USD itself since they're - by definition - not USD.  In *exactly* the same way, a fork of Bitcoin or a different coin are *not* Bitcoin and therefore do not increase the supply.
@_date: 2018-12-06 09:08:17




What on earth are you talking about?
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:37:59
I assume he either sold some of the BTC for € to give his boss the right amount (sales price minus his commission etc.) or just did so out of his own money and then kept the rest of the BTC.  I didn't ask, because honestly it's none of my business what other people do with their money.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:26:45
Sorry, I really can't tie my "real world" identity to this one, so I can't say.
I can say however that there are plenty of Bitcoin related startups in Berlin, a few interesting ones in Frankfurt, a couple more in Munich that have more of a "tech" focus (compared to the economic/market or user/merchant focus of Frankfurt and Berlin respectively) and the rest scattered around in different cities.  I'd imagine many of them would be willing to pay in Bitcoin if an employee or potential candidate asked.
@_date: 2019-05-13 08:25:11


My salary is - from a legal standpoint - paid in euro.  All of the various payments for taxes, healthcare and so on are deducted from my gross (euro) salary as normal.  Simply instead of then sending me the remaining net salary as euro via a bank transfer, they send me the equivalent in bitcoin as per our agreement.


That's still not decided and why it's a bigger problem than paying me in bitcoin in general.  They may choose to "officially" pay me once per month from a paperwork perspective but spread the net payments out over the month in bitcoin over Lightning, or they may come up with a real daily payment concept that keeps all the various government departments happy.


Kind of, but not really.  Before - as I said - BTC was an asset on the books, but now it's treated somewhat more like money on the books (just can't be called "money" when dealing with people like the tax office).  So it's more like having a company that deals with two different currencies (actually about 5 since we already deal with a few international fiat currencies in our daily business).  The "type of accounting" is still exactly the same, it's just a different set of things being accounted and a few different general rules (which also exist with different fiat currencies, so isn't actually that big of a deal).
@_date: 2019-05-24 12:02:16
I switched from being paid my national currency to being paid in BTC directly because it saves me from paying additional fees, saves me from having to "trust" an exchange with my money and personal details, and saves me from the requirement that banks have to report on my monetary usage when asked.
@_date: 2019-05-11 08:23:20


That in itself seems to be based on a false assumption.  Unless you're willing to count "dying, hopefully very old, surrounded by my children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren" as an exit point.


This is where the false assumption is shown.  "Take profit" implies that you've put aside some of your value (generally in the form of money) in to something that has no utility of its own and are hoping to extract a greater value (generally, but not exclusively in the form of money) out of it at a later point in time.  In other words: an investment.
Bitcoin is money.  I absolutely plan on spending it on goods and services throughout my life (I already do) and also leaving as much as possible to my kids while balancing that against having been able to enjoy my life to the greatest extent possible.  I have no intention of ever purposefully shedding all my money (Bitcoin) at once in exchange for any particular goal (and definitely not exchanging it in to an inflationary currency!)
Sure, I might buy a really nice car with Bitcoin one day; but as the sole breadwinner for my wife and kids, spending all of our savings on a car would be extraordinarily irresponsible.
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:25:43
Nice.  Hope you enjoy it.
I just got the Nano X and retired my old Nano S to my safe.
I got a free Nano S along with the X as well because of manufacturing delays/problems, so I'm thinking of gifting that to a family member (I got one for my father-in-law last Christmas, and that was very well accepted/received; so thinking maybe my wife's cousin next).
@_date: 2018-12-11 15:38:59
I'd disagree that it needs to be a stable store of value to be a store of value.  However, I also don't think that matters for your argument.
Your argument is that: it **has** failed because it **currently** is not stable.  I would argue that it **will** be more stable in the future.  Does that mean that if I'm right, it will "become" a currency at that point?  And if so, then it clearly hasn't failed, it just "hasn't yet succeeded".
Or do you believe that it absolutely has failed and therefore *can not* become stable in the future?  If so, I think you need to argue/clarify that point, because I don't see why that would be the case.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:24:31


Where would they get these devices built and where would they operate?  It's not a small operation fabricating that many mining chips and building the equipment/infrastructure as well as organising the power for them.  I honestly think someone would notice...
@_date: 2018-12-07 20:48:37
Limited supply is a required property of a hard currency, but not the *only* property.  There's a limited supply of many things that are undesirable.  But if something is desirable, then an unlimited supply destroys its per unit value.  If something is both desirable and limited, its value can be directly derived from how desired it is and how limited it is.
@_date: 2019-05-22 04:19:56


I'm not.  I'm pointing out that there's a difference between what the vast majority of the world means when they say "transaction" (transacting with someone; i.e. trading one thing for another thing, where one of those things is often money) and the technical term "transaction" within Bitcoin.
Both of these terms are valid uses of the word, but they're different and it's very important to realise that they are not the same and should not be conflated with each other.  That is, one "real world" transaction is not the same as one "bitcoin transaction".  A "bitcoin transaction" may represent a large number of "real world" transactions.


I'm doing neither.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:59:54
I run a full node and use it as the node for verifying things and connecting my mobile wallets to, but I don't use it as a wallet directly.  Counting full nodes tells you next to nothing about how many people run desktop wallets.
@_date: 2019-05-25 03:22:14


I don't think those are the only options.
I feel you're lumping a lot of things together with socialism that aren't actually a part of it.  For example, "elites" and "mega corps" are not inherently socialist - they can exist in some socialist systems and can exist in some non-socialist systems.  Importantly however, there can be both socialist systems and non-socialist systems that don't have these things.  It's even technically possible to have a socialist system without taxes, but I've never seen a reasonable one proposed at a large scale (at a very small scale "everyone chips in to the commune and there is no money" kind of works; but that of course doesn't scale up at all).
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:12:14


Compared to 2015?  Really?  You should probably double-check that.
@_date: 2018-12-18 09:13:59


Umm... bitcoin *is* the asset.


Yes, as it should be for a currency.


No, that's not right.
Bitcoin is a virtual currency, but it's governed by mathematics, not by computer code.  That is, the thing "saying" I have bitcoin is the fact that I have private keys that can mathematically sign a transaction that others can verify and consider valid in order to write the transaction in the globally distributed immutable ledger.
The fact that this is accomplished using computer software is secondary.  I'll agree it wouldn't be feasible to do it any other way, but it's still not inherent to the system.
@_date: 2018-12-15 08:04:52


You're right that this is currently very low.  That doesn't mean however that it will necessarily stay this way.


With this argument, I feel like you're making a false equivalency.  I don't disagree that people do this, but taking your exact analogy, do you believe *houses* are a scam because people flip empty houses for money?  Bitcoin is the same sort of thing - there's rampant speculation and people flipping it around trying to increase their wealth, but that doesn't mean there isn't also an underlying value to it.  Bitcoin isn't a scam, but there are plenty of scams conducted on and around it (just like nearly every other currency and valuable asset you can think of).
@_date: 2018-12-07 04:13:01
Not everyone lives in a third world nation with insane tax laws.
@_date: 2018-12-13 12:32:59
I was thinking about making an little TOR (.onion) site for fun, whereby you'd complete sign-up by signing a randomly generated message using your private key and you'd only have access to forums of "your level" and lower... but then I realised that I have a wife and 2 kids, so my spare time for fun little projects like that is essentially zero :'(
It would however be pretty easy and there'd be no need to ever associate any kind of real identity with it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:37:22
I can't withdraw bitcoin from an exchange because I don't have any bitcoin on an exchange.
The idea of letting anyone else have control over my money is the reason I escaped fiat to begin with.  Why would I go back to that when I don't have to?
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:34:00
Yes, but I also 'risk' having my paycheque double overnight.
Because of the reasons I outlined (especially numbers 2 and 5), I could lose all of a couple of paycheques in a row and still be totally fine, so I'm okay with that risk.
Since 2011, it's gone up a lot more than it's gone down, so while this year has been a "low income" year for me compared to some previous years, it certainly hasn't been devastating.  In fact, the total value of all assets I hold now is still larger now than the total value of all assets I held in January 2018, it's just that the amount of that increase is been much less than the previous year (January to December 2017) was.
@_date: 2018-12-15 10:16:35
I don't have an investment in Bitcoin.  So I have no clue what you think you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-06-11 10:52:28
"Bit" was used for money long before information...
Not that it matters though, since most languages have homonyms, and English more so than most.
@_date: 2018-12-11 21:11:11
It's a network, not one to one channels.
In the most simplistic of terms, this means that if you have a channel open to your grocery store, and they have a channel open to one of their employees (to pay them) and they have a channel open to Netflix, you don't need a channel to Netflix because it'll be routed all the way through.
The reality is of course more complex since channels can be monodirectional or bidirectional; channels must be funded appropriately for routing; payments can (soon) be split up across multiple channels (called "atomic multipath routing") to reach a destination helping avoid channel fund limits and helping with rebalancing; and you should never be "choosing" to open a channel with your grocery store (instead it should all be handled behind the scenes by your wallet).
Despite all this, the basic concept is there: you have "a few" channels, actively maintained by your wallet software without your intervention, and it provides the best connectivity to all other LN users, so you just need to make payments without considering the channel management at all.  If your wallet can't find a path, it should open a channel.  As the network grows and more clever features (like the aforementioned atomic multipath routing), this should become less and less common.
@_date: 2019-05-11 06:00:07


Other than:
1. Not having anyone "in charge".
2. The largest proof of work behind it.
3. The most widely accepted for payments globally.
4. The largest ecosystem of developers working on products on top of it.
5. The most skilled cryptographers analysing every proposed change before it goes live.
You're right... other than these trivialities, there's nothing special at all... ^(/s)
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:34:58


I think you misunderstand what a currency is, so my answer will be focused in that direction.


This is not true.
Bitcoin can be transacted in many ways, including (although certainly not recommended) human speech.  I could grant access to Bitcoin to you by reading a private key that contains funds and then destroying the paper in front of you, or by handing you the paper I read it off  (highly insecure, because of the chance I kept a copy).
For a more realistic and usable example, take a look at [OpenDime](


Not true, for the same reasons.


Not true.  Bitcoin's blockchain has an average of 10 minute block time, and transactions may not make it in to the next block.  However, transacting in bitcoin does *not* mean the same thing as writing a transaction in to a block on the blockchain.  It must ultimately be recorded there is some form, but that's the underlying security layer, not the transaction itself.
Transactions can be made via any number of means, such as the aforementioned piece of paper and OpenDime, but assuming an internet connection is available, the Lightning Network is probably the best existing payment network (despite still being in early alpha/beta quality at this stage).


Again, not true.  You're conflating writing a transaction in to a block on the blockchain with a person transacting.  They are not the same thing.  It's an unfortunate confusion caused by the term "transaction" on the blockchain.  It might better be called "ledger entry" or similar, but the name is already pretty well defined, so it's probably too late to change it now.


True, but this is also true for Bitcoin.
"Cash" is not a currency.  "Cash" is one of the many ways you perform transactions with a currency such as USD and Euro.
Bitcoin doesn't compete with payment networks or methods of performing transactions.  It competes with currencies.  There does indeed need to be more ways to use it in the future, just as we have many different ways of using most fiat currencies, but that's something that will come with time.  The technology is still extremely young.


People who have a large amount of BTC are encouraged to store it in ways other than in a "hot wallet", and especially not one that's running on a consumer PC.  The user experience of this needs to improve, but again, it's a new technology, these things take time and it certainly will improve.






Again, this is an issue with the payment and storage method, not the currency.  If you want to trust a bank with your BTC, you certainly can.  I wouldn't, but there's nothing stopping this from being a business model if there are enough customers for it.
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:52:06
You're right.  I don't own any *bitcoim* and have no interest in owning any *bitcoim*.
**Bitcoin** on the other hand... well, that's worth it because it's a decentralised purely digital commodity money, and the only real contender to bring financial sovereignty back to individuals.
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:07:22
Because that chart isn't viewed with a logarithmic y axis, meaning equivalent percentage changes aren't reflected evenly.  Fix your chart display and it looks much less bubbly.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:52:19
See my edit: most of my food/grocery items are bought using bitcoin.
There's a small store in the village I live in who accept bitcoin and so the majority of my groceries come from there.  None of the major supermarkets do though, so if the store doesn't have something I really want/need, I will go to the supermarket and use credit card (which I then pay off using bitcoin).  I also mostly live off food shakes that I buy online, using bitcoin.  If I want home delivered fast food for me and my family, I use [Lieferando]( since I can pay with bitcoin on that too.
So no, I don't really need cash for groceries.
@_date: 2018-12-11 20:29:56
I get what you mean, but there are two important points:
1. I don't have an investment in bitcoin.  That means I don't plan on "selling" at any price.  It's therefore meaningless and irrelevant to me what the price does.
2. I want to know how I could be wrong.  I really do.  This applies to everything in my life.  I'm a huge fan of the quote from Matt Dillahunty, "*I want to believe as many true things as possible and as few false things*".  So far, I have not yet found a 'simple' way that I could be wrong about bitcoin.  
I really do invite you - or anyone else reading this - to present one or more such ways to me (as reasoned arguments, not just statements without any backing... to use another quote I like, "*that which can be stated without evidence can be dismissed without evidence*").
@_date: 2018-12-06 19:49:16
Will you think of them when the card terminal says "declined", the ATM says "talk to a customer service representative", and the cashier in the bank (open only on weekdays during business hours) tells you that you need to make an appointment with the manager?
@_date: 2017-06-19 10:30:43
I've lived here 10 years now, but have lived in 4 other countries before this.  I still find it amazing when something is "new and cool" here that I remember from over 10 years ago elsewhere!
@_date: 2017-06-02 16:17:50
I agree with what you're saying about bitcoin, but your analogy is terrible:
- MS Windows wasn't the first easy to use mass market GUI
- Bill Gates didn't create it
- The timing of the first release of Windows has no obvious correlation to the timing of mass adoption of the personal computer
@_date: 2019-05-11 10:26:52


Honestly, that's a pretty useless definition.
If bitcoin didn't exist, and I said I might buy a nice car using dollars one day, would you call than my "exit strategy" from dollars?  If so, then I'll agree that I have an "exit strategy" by your definition, but I still think your definition is so generic as to be meaningless and also not what most people would expect from the term.
@_date: 2018-12-13 10:04:30


This is quite simply completely and absolutely false.
A single transaction takes almost no energy at all.  In fact, ALL transactions take next to no energy at all.
**Securing the network** uses quite a lot of energy.  But that's an entirely different topic and also not really a problem as several others have already pointed out to you.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:42:55
I didn't say nor imply that I did.  You're essentially either moving the goalposts or building a strawman, both of which are tactics used by trolls deliberately and by idiots by mistake.  So, are you a troll or an idiot?
**Edit for clarity and expansion**: Although I do actually tend to keep my bank balance at zero as much as possible and almost never use cash.  I have a few automatically recurring bills that I pay in euro and so leave that amount exactly in my account for the bills to be paid.  I keep a small amount of fiat in my pocket "just in case", but haven't used it much and haven't needed to replenish it in about 3 months now.  Other than that, I sell all my fiat for bitcoin.  I then use it directly where ever possible, and where not possible, I use my credit card which I pay off using LivingRoomOfSatoshi.  Most of my food, all of my rent, and much of my electronics and internet services are paid directly in bitcoin, most other things are credit card.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:36:09
Just because two things are possible, it doesn't mean they're equally as likely.
I'm not in my bedroom right now.  It's *possible* that there's a horse in there.  After all, my wife could've gone out, found a horse, brought it home, got it up the stairs, and left in the bedroom.  This isn't out of the realm of possibility; it's just extraordinarily unlikely.  Accordingly, I currently live my life under the assumption that there is no horse in my bedroom.  I will change that view if significant enough evidence presents itself to the contrary (some evidence may be a trail of dirt and horse shit leading up the stairs; better evidence would be seeing the horse standing uncomfortably near my bed).
Similarly, I currently live my life under the assumption that bitcoin will become a dominant currency in the world.  A part of this would be that the exchange rate to USD will at some point equal (and significantly surpass) $500k USD for 1 BTC.
So, while you're right that both of these are possibilities and that no one knows for sure, a more constructive post would be to explain what you think the *possibilities* of each are (if you have any opinion on that at all) and *why* you think that.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:31:19
What does that article have to do with "all countries require tax on purchases"?  Nowhere does it even mention countries other than the US (and even then, only by referring to the IRS).
Unless you think the IRS has jurisdiction outside of US borders now?
@_date: 2018-12-19 10:13:38
As said, "compared to what?".
Generally the chart you see for Bitcoin is its exchange rate in USD over time.  Obviously, for USD, the exchange rate to USD remains at 1:1, so it'll be a flat line regardless of the type of chart.
It might be more interesting to see **both** BTC and USD on a purchasing power chart.  I don't know of any shown on a log chart, but the BTC one would look very similar to the USD comparison (since the declining purchasing power of the USD is - percentage-wise - tiny compared to the increase in value of BTC) and the USD one would look like a nearly continuous downward slope.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:49:03


Some possible ones off the top of my head:
* Mathematical proof that all kinds of hashes are reversible.
* Physical proof that entropy is reversible (or that reverse time travel is possible, which is essentially the same thing at a subatomic level).
* Proof (mathematical, physical, or otherwise; as long as its scientific) that another cryptocurrency has a method of securing the historical state that is fundamentally more secure than proof-of-work.
There's probably more, but that's all I could think of straight away.
@_date: 2019-05-18 18:40:40
Trezor do indeed make an excellent product, but I disagree that it's "better" than Ledger.  Both are great and each have their own unique up-sides and down-sides.
As with anything that's designed to be securing your money though, don't take my word for it or any other stranger's.  Do your own research on the arguments if you're at all concerned.
@_date: 2018-12-09 16:40:44
And... do you have a point to make? Or are you just going to keep on making random statements that have nothing to do with the comment you're replying to?
@_date: 2019-05-13 06:46:32
It happens at specific block numbers, not specific dates. However we can make a good estimate based on block times (targeted at 10 minutes but on average slightly shorter due to ever increasing hash power from miners). 
The next halving should happen around late May (likely around the 23rd) next year. You can see more information/details here: 
@_date: 2019-05-16 13:47:48
About 384 trillion micrometres.
@_date: 2019-05-11 07:38:19


Not very often.  Once that I can recall for the first one and about 10 or so times for the second.
However, given that I've spent most of my life in modern first world countries that haven't suffered severe financial crises during my 40 years on this planet, that's to be expected.  I know a very large number of people personally for whom these have been serious issue at some point in their lives.


If by "tokens" you mean Bitcoin, then no.  If you mean "cryptocurrencies" then also no, but only because I don't use them.  I have no interest in speculative investments and I've yet to see a convincing argument from any other project why it should take my attention away from Bitcoin.


Then I would suggest that you don't understand nearly enough about the politics of money nor about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:44:11
As a dad, just let me say, "fuck you kid".
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:53:11
Absolutely.  My power company accepts bitcoin, so I pay that bill in BTC.  It'd be great to be able to pay others the same way.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:02:32
You realise that some of us pay our rent in bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-12-15 09:35:50


Technically yes, but only indirectly.  I'll admit that was a bad example.


No, I didn't.  Just because one of my points wasn't as salient as it should have been, it doesn't make my argument automatically invalid.  Feel free to read my post with that single sentence omitted.
If however you just respond with a two line pithy troll response, don't expect me to bother answering again.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:14:12
I find it amazing how people can read my comments like that and assume a bunch of stuff that absolutely isn't the case.
I am not "all in" on bitcoin, I just prefer it over fiat currency as my money.  That doesn't mean that I don't have significant investments and other safety nets outside of currency.  Even if bitcoin had never existed, I also wouldn't hold significant amounts of fiat because holding large amounts of money isn't generally wise - it's better to invest in something and make the money work for you instead of just lying around.  I don't even view bitcoin as an investment at all - it's my money.  My investments are in things like stocks and property and I have a good job that pays me significantly more each month than I have to give out in expenses.
If there were a fatal flaw found in bitcoin and it crashed to zero tomorrow, I'd still be financially far better off than the average person in the country I live in - or even the average person in the world's wealthiest nations.
@_date: 2017-06-12 20:11:59
I do think the imperial/American system has some merits (such as the base 12 aspect you mention), but I also believe the metric system has more merits (notably conversions between units and the prefixes as already mentioned).  To my mind, the few advantages of imperial over metric aren't really worth missing out on the many advantages of metric over imperial.
However I'm also aware that it's mostly a matter of what you're used to.  If you've spent 30 years talking about height in feet and inches, then even if you're completely comfortable in understanding the metric system but haven't used it regularly, you'll still find that when I tell you I'm 177cm tall, you don't have an immediate impression of what that looks like and therefore will naturally more easily come up with reasons why feet and inches are 'superior' to centimetres.  Someone with a metric background being told a height in feet and inches tends to have exactly the same reaction the other way around.
@_date: 2019-05-17 14:50:36
1. It's not a religion (religion requires **faith**; Bitcoin is based around **proof**).
2. Blockchain is one of the many technologies Bitcoin is built on.  It's far from being the most interesting.
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:27:20
It doesn't need it.  Using mass/energy equivalence, a single bitcoin can be determined to weigh subatomic amounts at most.
@_date: 2018-12-06 09:54:42
If that's what you really want to do, then yes, that's pretty much it other than a couple of steps for transferring bitcoin to the exchange and transferring the million dollars from the exchange to your account (although the wait might be a long time; and also "a million dollars" might not be worth much at some point in the future).  It's generally a very easy process.
However: I'd strongly advise against this.  Bitcoin *is* money.  It's intended to be used as money.  So, get yourself some bitcoin (either by selling your dollars for it, or by working for it) and then spend it directly on stuff you need and/or want.  This frees you from the risks inherent in fiat currencies and gives you back control over your own money instead of always having to rely on the 'good will' of those who almost certainly don't have your best interests at heart.
If you want to speculate on something to try and get rich, Bitcoin might be something that could do that but so could a lot of other things, and you should probably go talk to stock market traders or similar for advice on that because it's really got nothing to do with bitcoin itself (and as a general word of warning: it's also a good way to get even poorer instead of richer).
@_date: 2018-12-13 12:19:03
Not the guy you're replying to, but:
1. Please don't use Asperger's as an insult.  It's pretty insensitive to those of us who actually have it.
2. Please don't assume all native English speakers are arrogant people who don't want to learn other languages.   
 I'm a native English speaker and can speak 6 languages (with varying degrees of success).
@_date: 2018-12-07 13:55:05


People have talked about these things, a lot.  I'm actually quite surprised you haven't seen it!


Thankfully this is incorrect.  Take a read through [The Lightning Network Whitepaper]( and you'll see a description of an off-chain system (that relies on the existence of the chain, so it's not totally separate) that doesn't centralise anything.  I actually just read a reasonably nice description of it from a more 'accountancy' styled viewpoint as well in case you prefer that to the technical one.  [Here it is](


That was my second.  My first was a 1979 [Apple \]\[ Europlus](


The *required* electricity (or better stated: energy) for mining is next to zero (but not absolutely zero).  However that'd be a very insecure chain.  Mining provides chain security and (for a time) generation of new coins.  It does not provide transactions per second.  So, whether there's 1 transaction per day or a million per second, the energy used for mining isn't affected.  If every miner switched off and let you solo-mine on your laptop then (assuming we get around having to wait for the difficulty adjustment), your laptop would happily handle the entire world's mining requirements on its own and generate a new block every 10 minutes on average (giving you the full 12.5BTC per block reward for each block you find).  Of course, then if someone else turns on two or more other laptops, you'd be at risk of them using their greater calculation power to rewrite the chain and undo any blocks you created.  That's how the high power usage creates security - it's not economically feasible to outcompete it like it is to outcompete your laptop.
What does influence the amount of energy used for mining is the economic desire of miners to do so compared to using the energy for other things.  If it's more valuable to mine bitcoin instead of doing something else with that energy, people will mine bitcoin.  If it's more valuable to do something else, they'll do that instead.  Essentially this means that bitcoin mining only uses up as much energy as is "left over" once everything they perceive as more valuable is done.
It gets more complex when you bring in energy production and so on, but I highly recommend reading a few articles like [this]( [this]( and [this]( to get a better idea of why it's incorrect to assume that bitcoin mining energy usage is 'wasteful' or 'problematic' in any way. (I actually disagree when some people suggest we could move away from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake as mentioned in that last one; but that's a whole different discussion)
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:27:52
@_date: 2017-06-19 10:29:36
If I have an idea of how much I'll be paying, I sometimes top it up before I spend it; otherwise as soon as possible afterwards.
Generally when I top up, I'll also go a bit over, just to increase my holdings a bit.  So if I've just spent €86 for example, I might top up my BTC by €100 worth.
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:57:06
What a ridiculous article...


Ummm... since that's just one small use case of bitcoin, I doubt it would have that much of an impact on bitcoin at all one way or the other.
Sending money via facebook: great for facebook users who trust the company... but is it a currency/new financial ecosystem, or just a way to transfer money via a private organisation?  It's good competition for Western Union Money Transfer and similar, but it's not competition for Bitcoin in any real way at all.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:26:42
But that's the point.  It *is* better.  Sorry if it bothers you that some things in this universe are better than other things, but it's reality.
Just because it's "politically correct" these days to say that everyone's opinion is equal and everyone has their own point of view, that's just bullshit.  Some opinions are more correct than others.  No matter how much I think my Ford Focus is cool, it's not going to be better than A Class Mercedes in any sensible measure of cars.
Religion isn't a good comparison, because all religions are wrong.  They posit ridiculous claims and have zero evidence backing them up.  Cryptocurrencies are real things that you can examine, test, and compare.  You can figure out what's good, what's bad, and so on.  And once you've done that, you can objectively - not subjectively - say that Bitcoin is better than all the others.
@_date: 2018-12-11 16:46:29


Does it need to be cheaper or faster?  What if it's the exact same cost and speed?  And what about ordering things online, where you can't use cash?


I currently use it regularly or semi-regularly for:
* Most of my groceries
* Rent
* Electronic goods / Kids toys
* Fast food delivery
* VPN access
* All of my clothing and probably about 50% of my wife and 2 kids' clothing
* Coffee / Beer
* Restaurants
* Illegal drugs from the DNMs
* Paying off my credit card each month
I have also used it in the past for:
* Electricity bill (I moved, and my new local provider doesn't accept it)
* All groceries (the supermarket that took it for online orders stopped doing so)
* Games on Steam (Steam stopped accepting it)
* My current car (one off deal with the guy at the car dealership; they don't officially accept bitcoin)


Are you sure you've got your timeframe right?  If so, can you provide a link?  The first time bitcoin was used for a "real" purchase was when Laszlo Hanyecz asked if someone could buy him two pizzas in exchange for 10000BTC.  That was in May 2010.  If you were trying to *sell a car* for BTC in 2009/2010 it'd be both an extraordinarily large number of BTC and an incredible risk for you.
So, I'm not saying you're a liar, but I'd like to see evidence before I take your word for it and for the moment, I'm going to assume you've misremembered the year (by quite a lot).
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:24:00
Also: In what way is the shop "giving away money" just because the exchange rate of bitcoin is lower?  The prices are charged in euro, so the price I pay in bitcoin will change depending on the current exchange rate.  That is to say, I pay them around twice as much bitcoin for a loaf of bread today as I did 3 months ago.  However since I also make twice as much bitcoin each month in my salary (which is also denominated in euro), it evens out.  The exchange rate of bitcoin to euro is actually pretty unimportant when you use it as money instead of as an investment (changes between the time of earning and the time of spending do matter; but since it's been more "up" than "down" since I started doing it, it's not really such a big deal, even if the last year has been quite negative).
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:30:06


And the centralisation problem... and if it survives switching to proof of stake (if it ever does) without losing all security... and the dangers of the gas implementation (paying for things that you can't predetermine the cost of)... and so on and so on and so on.
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:55:06


No, it isn't.
The problem is in the wording.  Specifically, the term "transaction".
I can **transact** bitcoin by handing someone a piece of paper.  The internet is not required for this kind of transaction.
Broadcasting a bitcoin transaction (consisting of one or more input and output UTXOs) in a way that will make it to a sufficient number of nodes in a timely manner more or less does require the internet (although to be fair; it doesn't require that the sender has internet access... they might - for example - do it via radio link to someone else that does).
@_date: 2018-12-19 17:22:19
I read the book years ago, but don't remember it that well... did I miss a reference somewhere?
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:53:47


I think they'll be unrecognisable in a few decades/centuries to the point that you may as well say they died.  However I think the OP is far too optimistic with 15 years.


Only as long as we live in a debt based society.  In a society where all money is "real" (created by work instead of by decree), the price of things is more closely reflected to their actual value instead of "what someone thinks they can get for it" (it's still that in reality, but what they think they can get for it is forced to be much closer to the actual value instead of being inflatable through the acquisition of newly created money through debt).


Sure, and that's a service that these future banks will probably offer, but many jewellery stores and post offices in some countries offer the same service.
@_date: 2018-12-08 23:24:17
This reply has demonstrated that there are three fields you're pretty clueless about:
1. Physics
2. Computer Science
3. How Bitcoin Mining works
I'm not even sure it's worth trying to explain it to you at this point.  As a quick hint though, please stop for a moment to think about how ASICs actually work and the physical limitations of the universe setting an upper bound to even the theoretical (let alone practical) limits that they have.
If you really disagree with my assessment, please do be aware that I have formally studied the first of the above, over 20 years professional experience with the second, and work directly with the third; so feel free to actually add *substance* to any answer you may give so that it's actually worth having a discussion.
@_date: 2019-05-29 14:48:49
I don't think you get what I mean...
1. I can altruistically be a watchtower for someone else.  I can't charge people for this, but as long as it's not negatively influencing me in any significant way, I might (actually: "definitely will") do it as a general principle to make the network safer.
2. I can run more than one node on different systems that have different connections, most of which containing no funds and acting as watchtowers for the funded node.  If my funded node loses connection and a channel partner tries to cheat, my watchtower(s) can do their job.
3. Even if I don't do either of these things, the very fact that I *could* do it should be enough to deter opportunistic attempts at cheating from channel partners.
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:56:34
I don't have a price.
I may sell some if I end up in a situation where I am unable to use BTC to get something that I really need and is time dependent (my standard example being providing better higher education options for my kids once they reach that age); but other than those situations, I will either hold until I can spend it directly on everything I want/need to buy or I die (then my kids have control and if it's worthless, they will probably forget it and it'll be gone forever).
I already use bitcoin where ever I can (within reason), so in that sense, I'm not a 'hardcore' hodler.  I do however always replenish my BTC from the fiat that I would have otherwise spent on whatever I'm spending the BTC on, so I never have to look back and regret spending BTC once it has risen in value.
@_date: 2018-12-11 07:40:25


I'm not sure I understand what this even means...
The only good reason to consider a cryptocurrency valuable are the fundamental properties of decentralisation, immutability through mathematically provable security, and limited supply.  Any currencies that don't have these properties can not possibly hold any real value over a longer timeframe.  They certainly can be pumped and dumped; or can fool people for a longer time period; but they aren't fundamentally able to survive as without all three of these properties, they contain a fundamental attack vector that *will* be exploited at some point.
Bitcoin has all of these properties and is growing in relevance almost daily.  Other than the exchange rate to fiat taking a nosedive over the last year (after a huge run up the other way), there are basically no metrics you can point to that look negative at all.  It's all either neutral or positive.  So, in what way has bitcoin "faded away"?
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:19:40
I don't talk about my height in kilometres or the distance to another town in centimetres.  I use the appropriate prefix for the appropriate situation, so for your example, I'd just say "let's put in 200µBTC" or "let's put in 0.2 mBTC".
These prefixes exist for a reason and are both perfectly usable and intuitively understood through frequent daily usage by the majority of the world (sorry to those of you who live in places that don't, but it's high time you caught up).  I even have the wallet on my phone set to µBTC, so I don't even need to think about the trivial conversion when typing it in.
@_date: 2017-06-12 20:39:38
Imperial (UK and former British Empire before they all switched to metric) and American (US) weights are the same, but the volumes differ.
- One American pint is 1.04375 pounds.
- One Imperial pint is 1.25 pounds.
- One American gallon is 8.34 pounds.
- One Imperial gallon is 10 pounds.
Sure... easy...
^(And sorry, it's been fun, but I've got to be up very early in the morning for a flight and it's already 22:40 here in Germany so I've got to get to bed.)
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:53:53
Again, if they were all technically equivalent and just a matter of "choice" then yes, you'd be right.  But they're not all equivalent.  They are mathematically provable to not be equivalent.  And this same proof also proves that Bitcoin is the most valuable.  It's not a matter of "perspective" or "opinion", it's a cold hard fact of reality.
@_date: 2018-12-10 05:02:50


In which country?  Or do you expect nations that can barely agree on mutually beneficial actions to coordinate to do it all simultaneously?


That sounds like a police state, which would - in any civilised nation - cause an uprising against the government.  In the most extreme case, it would lead to a violent revolution/civil war.  Even in the non-extreme case, there'd be mass protests.  Just imagine how you'd feel about the police turning up to an area and carting off around one in every hundred or so people, including whole families together.


This would be annoying, but since you can get software other ways, wouldn't be such a big deal...


Again, this is bordering on police state level tactics.  It's nowhere near as extreme as the jailing of a significant proportion of the population, but if done on top of it (as in your scenario), it'd lead to mass use of VPNs and internet on-ramps that get around the law.


Get the fuck out of the country and ask for asylum somewhere that doesn't want to throw me, my wife, and my two kids in jail for two years...
@_date: 2017-06-18 19:44:36
Bitcoin has never been hacked.  Ever.
Bitcoin exchanges have been hacked; personal wallets have been accessed without permission (not sure I'd call any known examples as hacks, but they're certainly hackable); and people have just straight up fallen for scams and sent their bitcoins off to other people without verifying anything to confirm their safety.
But, Bitcoin itself has **never** been hacked.
On a personal level for a typical individual, the best way to get bitcoin is to buy it.  Attempting to steal it - whether by hacking, social engineering or whatever other means - is theft and punishable if you get caught.  Mining requires significant resources to get started (if you have less than a million dollars to invest in it, I'd say don't even bother) if you want any kind of meaningful return.  So, just buy it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:26:24
I'll fly over to where ever you are and personally make and cook pizzas of any kind you like for you for a year if you send me 10000BTC.
This offer is open to anyone at any point between now and 2030 (promise is invalid until &gt;6 on-chain confirmations to an address that I specified in advance when discussing the contract; pizza ingredients and cooking implements are not included in the deal and are at your expense; contract void if I die or lose the use of any part of my arms, eyes, or legs before or during the contract period).
@_date: 2018-12-11 17:50:42
Okay, so you're just a troll.
I probably shouldn't have fed you, but oh well, maybe someone else will benefit from reading it.
@_date: 2017-06-03 06:18:25
They're not visually deceptive, but rather visualise a different thing.  Instead of showing "dollar value growth over time", this shows "percentage growth over time".
That is: the distance between 1 and 2 is the same as the distance between 100 and 200, which is the same as the distance between 1000 and 2000.
This is more meaningful since if you put $100 in at a cost of $1/BTC and sold at $2/BTC, you get $200 out in exactly the same way that if you put $100 in at a cost of $1000/BTC and sold at $2000/BTC, you get $200 out.  Both were the same percentage rise, regardless of the dollar value being a thousand times higher.
@_date: 2018-12-14 13:12:22
Another alternative: Don't just buy bitcoin before you need it.  Get some, and then use it as you need it.
Personally, when I get paid at the end of each month, I leave just enough in my bank to cover my automatic payments and then convert the entire rest in to bitcoin which I then use for daily spending as well as a few specific larger bills (e.g. I pay my landlord rent in bitcoin).  My bank account sits at zero as much as I can.
You certainly don't need to do that (I'm well aware it's not practical for many people, depending on where they live) but getting at least some in advance for "when you need it" is a much simpler process than finding ways to get it quickly/instantly without some other possible downsides.
@_date: 2017-06-13 13:16:27
Hah, wow.  Congrats :)
@_date: 2019-05-14 03:38:06
Senior management (but not CxO level) in a bitcoin related business; and author/speaker on rational scientific approaches to psychedelic substances (primarily, but not exclusively, I talk/write about LSD).
First touched Bitcoin in 2010 and deleted the keys to 200BTC.
Next touched Bitcoin in 2011 for use on Silk Road.
Next touched Bitcoin in 2013 when I *finally* realised what it actually means for the world.
Living exclusively on Bitcoin since mid to late 2017.
@_date: 2019-05-19 09:53:27
Yes, I have.
It's pretty good, but I've seen better.  Satoshi was a really smart guy and definitely brilliant when it comes to the concept and decentralised architectural design, but it doesn't help anyone to make claims that aren't true.  The truth is that the code - in terms of quality and style - was "good, but not great".
As a former developer and now manager of developers, I'd be happy enough if my team wrote code to that quality on average, but certainly wouldn't be giving out extra bonuses for it.  Now, if one of my data/system architects came up with the concept of Bitcoin (assuming that's something that our company wanted to build) and described it with that whitepaper and the first client as a reference example, I'd be extraordinarily impressed and there'd definitely be a bonus there.  I'd probably complain a little about the lack of documentation around some core features that aren't even described in the whitepaper and are only visible when looking at the reference code, but that's easy enough to solve after the fact.
@_date: 2019-05-29 14:13:43
I think the most important thing about watchtowers is that they "might be there".  Since you don't know if your channel partner has one or more watchtowers watching or not, the risk of trying to cheat with an old channel state is dramatically increased.
@_date: 2018-12-11 14:49:43
"No regard for the law" and "psychopath" are not related.  He may well be a psychopath and may have no regard for the law, but if so, these are not necessarily related.
I have no regard for the law either.  I do have regard for what I view as morally correct and for my own safety/liberty as well as that of my friends and family.  I don't perform random murder not because it's illegal but because I view it as an abhorrent thing to do.  If I disagree with a law, I'll weigh up my desire to do it with the risk to my safety/liberty (e.g. getting thrown in jail) and decide based on that consideration.  The law itself is irrelevant to me, but the fact that there is law enforcement of course isn't.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:12:47
To me, it's a clear no.  Gold is *less* useful as currency *because* it has other uses.  It's not useless as currency, just less useful than it would otherwise be if it had no other uses.
This is actually also slightly true of Bitcoin (since the network can be used for things like timestamping, expensive permanent file storage, and so on), but with some differences.  The most important being that these "other uses" of the bitcoin network don't use it up like with gold.  You don't have to actually use up any amount of bitcoin for these purposes - you just need to transfer them.
@_date: 2018-12-09 11:08:32
Wake me up when that actually happens.  It still looks to be working fine to me.
Blocks are being produced at an average rate of once every 10 minutes; transactions can be broadcast at will; mathematics still functions as it always did allowing my private keys to generate public keys (and thereby addresses) to receive on that I can then provably show are mine and further transact from... basically, everything is still working exactly as it's supposed to.
So, where's that catastrophic collapse you're talking about? (or do you mean the exchange rate between bitcoin and dollars?  Because that's got to be one of the least important parts of the whole thing.)
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:49:20
No, you don't.
That software you have there is commonly called a "full node".  That's the software that volunteers all over the world run in order for the bitcoin network to at all.
While running a full node does offer some advantages over a simpler wallet, none of them are particularly relevant to someone just getting in to it for the typical reasons.
If all you want to do is buy bitcoin (and maybe sell it or use it), you'll be fine with a simpler wallet.  Ultimately, the only thing you need to know about these simpler wallets is that instead of downloading the whole blockchain, it 'trusts' that it is getting a valid representation of the blockchain from the full nodes that it talks to.
Electrum is a good wallet for PCs.
If you're only dealing with small amounts and want to use it 'on the go', a mobile wallet on your smartphone might also be of interest to you.
If you're dealing with larger amounts and want to avoid the risk of theft or accidental loss, you should consider a hardware wallet like the Ledger Nano S or Trezor.  Both of these come with excellent instructions on how to use them and keep your bitcoin safe.
To clarify: Theft can occur through your computer or smartphone being accessed against your knowledge.  Accidental loss can occur if the device storing your bitcoin is damaged or destroyed or has its storage erased.
Protecting against theft without a hardware wallet generally involves additional security measures on the device you use.  None is perfect though.
Protecting against accidental loss (with or without a hardware wallet) generally involves writing down a 'seed' (set of words) that allows you to recover your wallet elsewhere.  If your wallet doesn't provide this option, it's not a good wallet.  You do of course need to keep this seed safe since anyone who has it can access your bitcoin.
It's important to realise that even though we talk about a wallet containing bitcoin, in reality a wallet actually just holds private keys.  These are a kind of secret that mathematically proves you to be the owner of the bitcoin.  The bitcoin itself is on the blockchain and so can be said to be 'everywhere'.  Therefore multiple wallets can have the same private keys and therefore be accessing the same bitcoin.  This is both why someone can steal your bitcoin if they get access to your private key even though you still have control over the wallet as well, as well as why you are able to restore a wallet from a seed even though your old wallet was 'lost' or 'destroyed' in some way.
@_date: 2017-06-04 17:42:05
Just out of interest, now that it's 5 months later and knowing what has happened to the price over those last 5 months, how do you feel about $1000 coins?
Do you feel that it is likely to drop down to that again?  Do you feel like it was a bubble given that there was a downwards movement not longer after this?  Or does it - in hindsight - feel more like normal movements/variance?
Just to make it clear: I'm not picking on you specifically nor stating anything about your comment as being somehow right, wrong, clever, stupid, or anything else.  I just happened to be going through my own comment history, clicked on this when I saw an interesting post title, randomly saw your comment as I scrolled through, and thought it would be interesting to see what your thoughts are now.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:37:43
Yes, dominance is higher than it's been all year... but that doesn't affect whether or not it's a meaningless metric.
I could create a new coin called "DaleCoin" right now.  It has a total supply of a billion coins.  I'm really good at bullshitting people and manage to sell one coin for $10 to a gullible mark.  The "market cap" of DaleCoin is now ten billion dollars.
That's why market cap is meaningless.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:39:17


Okay, since I live in Germany: here's something from a [German tax consultant](  They even have a helpful [single-pager in English](
@_date: 2018-12-14 10:57:13


Well, if you ask my son where I work, his answer would probably be "*Bitcoin!*".  Then again, he's 4 and hasn't quite understood the concept of companies yet (he is still annoyed that McDonalds' Happy Meals aren't available at the small boutique café near our house).  He's at least right that my work is bitcoin related.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:42:42
I get payslips that describe my income in euro.  Just at the bottom where it used to say something like "*paid to bank account &lt;account&gt; on &lt;date&gt;*" it now says something like, "*payment settled via Bitcoin transfer to address &lt;address&gt; on &lt;date&gt; in transaction ID &lt;txid&gt;*"
I don't actually do things like take out large loans (I own a house in another country, but that's already paid off; my last new car I bought without a loan - just a second hand Ford Focus, but I paid 1.1BTC directly to the sales guy), and I already had a credit card (actually two) since a decade or so before Bitcoin even existed, so I don't need to prove it to the bank.
I may not need it for the bank, but the German tax office certainly does care, so it is important that it's all in order and described correctly.  Thankfully it is, since other than the payment method/destination described for the net income (the "Auszahlungsinformationen"), it's all exactly the same as any normal payslip.
@_date: 2019-05-06 10:42:04
Hey look, a whole article written as a strawman.  First, it fails to define "Store of Value" correctly and then explains why BTC doesn't meet its fictional definition.
Rubbish article.  Not worth the 30 seconds it takes to read it (and definitely not worth the advertising revenue it gives to the site its hosted on).
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:32:57
Your math may or may not be correct (I didn't bother checking), but based on faulty assumptions.  Adoption curves are never linear.
@_date: 2018-12-12 08:18:23


Send it to other people anywhere in the world in a matter of seconds at most, peer-to-peer (no middlemen), provably, globally verifiably, and securely.


Does any other currency "produce new value" on its own?  Currencies are the things we use to convey value to others.  The value that it's conveying is real value (e.g. food, craftsmanship, access to limited resources, etc), but the currency itself is just a representation of this value (true whether you're talking dollars, euro, bitcoin, monero, or anything else).
It can (in some ways, but please don't take this analogy too far) be viewed as similar to the concept of potential energy in physics.  Potential energy is equivalent in every way to kinetic energy, it just "isn't yet doing it".  Even the equations we use for it describe it in the same way as the real thing.  So, one naïve way of looking at it would be to say that it's not real and just "can become" energy so we describe it like that; but another (far more correct from a physicists viewpoint) way is to say that it's simply another kind of energy, regardless of the fact that it isn't as immediately obvious from the naïve view of typical human experience.
So, if we can establish that bitcoin is a currency and currencies are "potential value" in an analogous concept with "potential energy", we can say that by being "potential value", they are simply another kind of "real value".
The brings up the next question of *how much* value.  That is determined by supply/demand like any other currency.  The supply of bitcoin is determined by its properties (written in the software and enforced by consensus protocol) so is extremely well known and deterministic.  Demand depends on how much people want/need it, which also depends on its properties as well as the political climate of the world at the time.
Note that *why* people want it doesn't actually matter, but the properties it has can and will influence it.  No one wants bitcoin because "it looks pretty"; that's simply not one of its properties.  Some people want it so they can use it as a speculative vehicle to sell later and make more money.  Other people (like me) want it because it provides financial sovereignty without all the downsides of physical objects (like precious metals).  But as long as "people want it".
It's true that if no one wants it, it has no value, regardless of the energy spent on creating it.  That would simply lead to people not spending energy on creating it any more.  However it's clear that people do want it (and again, it's not really relevant why they do), so it has value.
The obvious argument that usually comes after I explain this is that it might have value now, but since that value isn't based on anything (i.e. all speculative), it can't hold or maintain a value long term.  I'd agree that if that were the *only* value it had to anyone at all, then that would be true.  However, it's not the only value it has to anyone.  Many different people have many different reasons for valuing it.  In places undergoing hyperinflation of the local currency, it's an excellent store of value.  For some others (like me), it's a matter of financial sovereignty which acts as a risk minimisation technique against the potential actions of others.  For others still, it's about being able to use money pseudonymously over distance for illegal activities.
Regardless of the use case (and regardless of what you or I think of those use cases), it's clear there's a non-zero value to bitcoin for a number of reasons.  Exactly what that non-zero value is will - by necessity - change over time as the use cases of it change in the ever-changing sociopolitical landscape of the world.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:39:44
No, I think they're very happy with it.  Perhaps my "FTFY" was based on a false reading of the original.  From the context, I assumed it meant that it was a "happy thing" (for everyone in general) that they were doing so when the only people that really benefit (and even then, likely only for the short term) are the bankers.
@_date: 2018-12-23 05:12:26


What flaws? 
Other than energy spent on information organisation (i.e. finding a hash that meets a certain pattern with mathematically certain known difficulty), what fundamental aspect of the universe can be provably done in an irreversible manner? Or do you believe true security is possible without relying on fundamental physical principles? Or, do you perhaps believe this level of provable security is somehow unnecessary?
@_date: 2018-12-20 10:09:22
Please send them an email.  I did so a few months back and they responded that if there's enough customer demand, they'll consider moving away from bitpay.  For the moment, they said I was the only one that complained, so it wasn't worth their time doing anything about it.
@_date: 2018-12-19 14:45:49
Larger mining operations have things contracts with the power company, staff to be paid, and so on.  You can't just "turn off the miners" and suddenly have zero mining costs.  If your costs are lower than the difference in exchange rate, it might make sense, but at that point, you're bleeding money pretty badly anyway and hope you have some good reserves from before to tide you through.
For a smaller "home" miner with just a few antminers or whatever, yes, it makes perfect sense to just switch them off and buy BTC instead.
@_date: 2018-12-19 04:33:49


Hi, my name is Dale and I use occasionally illegal recreational drugs for a variety of reasons - including just "having fun".  I'm not addicted to any of them.
The fact that some drugs are addictive has very little to do with the overall demand for illegal drugs.  While there are some drugs that have a strong "addict" customer base (e.g. heroin, cocaine, and meth), there are many others that are popular, sell very well, and the majority of the customers are not addicts (LSD, MDMA, 2CB, etc).


This argument is very tired and very wrong.  Gold's market value has nothing to do with its potential non-monetary uses.  If it did, it'd be dirt cheap compared to what it is now since we can use many things other than gold for those same purposes.  It - at absolute best - sets a minimum market value, but beyond that has nearly no influence.
@_date: 2018-12-09 07:34:22
Nothing, I was giving you an opportunity to actually *explain* your points while pointing out that you don't need to dumb it down because I've got the necessary background to understand a complex explanation if necessary.
So, please go ahead.  Explain how advances in computer science will make proof of work non-viable in the future.  I still don't see it.
@_date: 2018-12-09 00:30:39
In order to conduct a bitcoin transaction, you need to craft a valid transaction and submit it to the network (i.e. one or more other nodes).  How you do this is up to you, but since it can be complex and error prone, it's generally 'easiest' to use an off the shelf wallet.  There is definitely nothing stopping you generating the transaction any other way though.  C++ and Python are both possibilities, as is pen and paper for calculations followed by typing it in by hand and manually crafting a connection to another node to broadcast it (note that the pen and paper calculations will take a while).
Of course, to be a valid transaction in the first place, it needs to have funds (in the technical lingo: UTXOs - Unspent Transaction Outputs) that you're allowed to send.  This means you must have already received something in the past before you can spend it (obviously).  So, first up, you'd actually want to generate yourself a valid address and get someone else to send money to it.  Again, this could be done with pen and paper entirely, but will take a very long time (it's equivalent to generating a private/public keypair and then a few steps on top).
If you're a developer, writing a wallet is a great way to get a good understanding of what's going on under the hood.  I'd recommend starting by reading Mastering Bitcoin by Andreas Antonopoulos and then follow it up with seeing what others have done in open source projects on GitHub.
@_date: 2018-12-18 08:46:29
What's all that about "selling" bitcoin for USD?
No.  I **spend** my bitcoin on goods and services.  I see no point in trading away my good money for bad money.
@_date: 2018-12-01 10:32:09
I'm guessing it's probably that the first 4 letters are the same as "bitch" and they do partial word matches to (try to (and probably fail to)) avoid people getting around the rule.
@_date: 2018-12-09 00:41:15
True... it wouldn't have a be a developer though; just anyone running a node where they can broadcast it to other nodes.
Really fun would be making it an [RFC1149]( transmission.
@_date: 2019-05-02 05:01:31
Got mine in the post a couple of days ago.  My daughter read it and loved it immediately.
@_date: 2019-05-06 10:48:54


No they didn't.  Cash is less commonly used than pretty much anywhere else, but it still exists.


How do you know?
What is the current rate of BTC use in Sweden?  What would it be if cash were more commonly used?
@_date: 2017-07-21 16:54:26
Segwit already includes a larger block size (exact value is 'fuzzy' since it becomes 'weight' based instead of a fixed size).  So yes, we will have 2MB blocks.  The concern with Segwit2x isn't "2MB blocks" but rather "up to 8MB blocks" which is just far too large for safety at this point in time.
If segwit had never been conceived, I probably would've supported a proposal for a plain 2MB blocksize increase until a better solution for scaling were developed.  I'd never have supported an 8MB block though.  That situation remains true now other than that the "plain" 2MB blocksize increase is no longer needed because segwit effectively provides it along with its improvements.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:35:44
You were probably reading the thread where I was arguing with the OP you linked to, so let me try to chime in here.


So, this is absolutely possible but I don't know of any current implementations.  Imagining as an "offline Lightning-channel-like contract", I could propose that it'd work something like this:
1. Some kind of multisig transaction to begin with, where the participants each locked up some funds to the offline channel while they were online.
2. They then use their offline mobile phones with NFC to transact with each other while offline.
3. Each NFC transaction is similar to a Lightning-like exchange, where both participants sign with their private keys that they've made the transaction along with a hash or similar that shows the previous state (to avoid old states being valid).
4. Once they are back where there's internet access, they broadcast their latest known states, of which the results are fed back to the initial contract on the chain, and everyone's on-chain balances are updated accordingly.
I'm sure there are problems or details that need to be sorted out with this (I just wrote it in a few minutes and my 8 year old daughter came to talk to me about other stuff at the same time (and is reading this reply as well, because Bitcoin interests her a lot too)) but I don't think there are any insurmountable problems with the concept.
My main argument with that person was that they were confusing the idea of a currency and payment system.  Bitcoin is a currency and can be transmitted via any number of imaginable payment systems.  Writing transactions to the blockchain is one such method, but certainly can't scale to global daily commerce, can be a bit slow and expensive (for small value transactions), and certainly can't be used when offline, so it makes sense to also consider other payment methods that are more suited to other scenarios.
@_date: 2019-05-11 06:19:25
Technically possible, but vanishingly unlikely.
Let's go through each point:
1. Not having anyone "in charge".  This isn't too difficult.  For a new coin to achieve this, it'd have to be released in a similar manner to bitcoin - pseudonymously with code that shows no one can take advantage of being the creator.
2. The largest proof of work behind it.  This is very difficult because it's mostly a matter of energy expended over time.  You'd need to have properties of this coin that make it significantly better than bitcoin for the miners to switch over to it.  So far, no coin has been able to satisfy this since every coin that touts "improvements" comes with severe tradeoffs that destroy the fundamental value that bitcoin brings.
3. The most widely accepted for payments globally.  This is also very hard, but not quite as hard as   There's a lot of network effect happening already, so to oust bitcoin, you'd have to have new merchants accepting this coin while *not* accepting Bitcoin.  That is extraordinarily rare.
4. The largest ecosystem of developers working on products on top of it.  Similar to  this is largely network effect.  If I'm going to write a new application that - for example - interfaces enterprise ERP systems to cryptocurrency at a 'deep' level, I'll choose to first (and potentially only) work with the system that has the most users.  So until  is somehow beaten, this will stay as well.
5. The most skilled cryptographers analysing every proposed change before it goes live.  Similar to both  and  but more focused on the technology.  Cryptographers love fun mathematical puzzles and that tends to make them congregate together in online communities so they can discuss them.  Many will also have a passion for Bitcoin or some other project, but as long as the fun puzzle is there, at a fundamental level as cryptographers, they don't care much about what coin it gets implemented in, they just want to work on these fun maths tricks and see it implemented somewhere.  So as long as a majority are working on Bitcoin, almost all will be.
@_date: 2019-05-13 03:49:29


While I agree each halving is less important to miners than the previous one, I think it's far less of a drop than "half as important".
The miners don't really care how much BTC they're getting - they care about how much BTC they're getting in comparison to how much they spend for it and how much this BTC is worth.  A half in reward is is equivalent to a doubling of cost if all other things stay equal.  This is true no matter what the numbers involved are.
However as the reward of new coins decreases, the miner fees make a larger and larger percentage of the total reward that miners get.  Since this doesn't halve (and in fact will likely increase), the halving becomes less influential to miners.  So, it's not actually that the halving of the reward is less BTC each time that makes halvings have lesser impact each time, but actually that it's a lesser amount of the total reward when fees are also considered.
Also - less relevant, but still a part of the complete picture - since each halving tends to increase the value of bitcoin (due to the economic pressure of a reduction in new supply), the miners also don't generally experience a sudden hit of being unable to pay for their electricity.  In general, they experience increasing profits up to the halving (as value increases with anticipation of the event, but total hashrate doesn't, for the same reasons) that then disappear to bring them back to normal profits afterwards.  If the price doesn't increase, then the most inefficient will drop off (due to their costs in comparison to the new rewards), levelling the profits out again for the more efficient miners.
@_date: 2019-05-20 15:00:27
Yep, as an AirVPN customer as well, I can only add my full support for this.  They're simple, straightforward, reliable, trustworthy, have servers in every corner of the globe that I've wanted to use, have good server status reporting on their website, and accept bitcoin without asking anything about who you are.
@_date: 2018-12-08 17:59:51
How?  They just sold their money...
@_date: 2018-12-25 08:23:00
Without line breaks or punctuation, it's hard to see what your concerns actually are.  But making some guesses where they should be:


This isn't an issue.  Bitcoin uses exactly as much energy as is economically useful for miners to do.  If the energy can be better spent elsewhere, it will be.


I don't understand this issue.  Can you explain?
PoW is extremely scalable.  I don't see any issues here.


There is very little barrier to entry.  Anyone can join a mining pool.


Mining pools don't cause centralisation as long as the barrier to change pool is low (which it is).  There are active efforts to improve this further (e.g. BetterHash protocol)


I don't understand what this is supposed to mean.  Can you explain?






I still don't see any significant barrier to entry.


Backdoors that do what?  And given the number of customers of specialised custom hardware that's "worth it" to exploit, wouldn't any significant/meaningful backdoor/exploit be noticeable?


I still don't know what this is supposed to mean.
@_date: 2019-05-27 04:37:37
I'm not really interested in arguing semantics.  That you mean one thing by a word and I mean a different thing isn't relevant if we can figure out what the other is talking about.  I'm interested in whether the ideas make sense or not rather than what we call them.
I disagree fundamentally that:
1. "Social ownership means government ownership"
2. "There is an inbuilt contradiction in the concept of social ownership and rejection of authority. The two are incompatible."
3. "Thus, there is no form of socialsm without government by definition."
4. "Capitalism is in nature decentralised and anarchic. Socialism is in nature centralised and authoritarian."
You are projecting ideas on to socialism that are not inherent within the concept.
I enjoy this kind of discussion, but either argue against what I believe rather than what you think I believe, or we're just going to have to leave the discussion as it is.  It's not productive to watch you build up and shoot down strawmen.


I agree that ownership of a UTXO is not shared.  I disagree that ownership of Bitcoin (the system) is not shared.  Bitcoin is decentralised, meaning there is no central ownership of the system.  And yet, the system wouldn't exist without the participants within it.  This **is** socialism.  The Bitcoin system is owned by the social collective of the participants within the system.
Again, I don't want to argue semantics.  So if you disagree that this is the definition of socialism, then fine, we disagree on terminology.  On the narrow kind of authoritarian socialism that you define as being socialism, I actually completely agree with you that it's a bad thing and that it's incompatible with Bitcoin.  However I also think that that's not what the majority of people who call themselves socialist actually believe or want and so isn't a very good use of the word.
@_date: 2018-12-11 21:39:53
I agree completely. I was careful with my wording in the above comment to say “many people” and leave my own opinion out of it. 
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:05:53
It lumps bitcoin in as a cashless payment system like Apple Pay, card payments, and so on. It doesn’t seem the author is even aware that bitcoin is a currency, not a payment system. 
The rest of the document (which to be honest I only skimmed) seems to focus exclusively on how cashless payment will be taken up in the very cash focused culture of Germany.  
It completely ignores the question of why Germans are so cash friendly. I strongly believe there’s a good market for bitcoin as a currency in Germany precisely because of their cash friendliness. I feel from most of my conversations with Germans that it stems largely from distrust in others having control over their money.
@_date: 2019-05-13 10:47:30


And even fewer care that this isn't actually true.
(not arguing, actually backing your point up)
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:59:12
Hold on... now you're putting words in my mouth.  Where did I say that all other coins are *currently* valueless?  I specifically even said that even the useless crap can have value for a short time.
I personally have no interest in them, but I do recognise that people value them.  If I held a bunch of BCH right now, I certainly wouldn't just ignore it or burn it, I'd sell it and get more BTC.  This is implicit recognition that I am aware that it has value currently.
@_date: 2018-12-08 23:10:48
Honestly, my comment wasn't for OP; it was for anyone else reading in the comments who might actually sit around and wait until January before getting their funds off the exchange and in to their own control.
The *only* reason to hold funds on an exchange for any extended period of time is if you actively intend to sell them quickly at some point in the near future (e.g. as a trader might, trying to make a profit).  For everyone who doesn't intend to do that sort of thing, allowing someone else to have control over your funds is just an unnecessary risk.  Many people aren't aware of this.  If my slightly snarky comment and this explanation however make even just one person realise this and protect themselves by getting their coins under their own control instead, then it was worth it.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:02:13
Where in the world do you live?
If you're in any of: Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Poland, Austria, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Bulgaria, Romania, Vietnam, or Israel, check out [takeaway.com]( (it should redirect to their local service).  I think they don't accept Bitcoin as a payment method in all of those locations (probably for regulatory reasons) but clicking on a few at random, it looks like most of them do.  I use the German one ([lieferando.de]( as my main source for ordering fast food when we're too lazy to make something and/or feel like giving the kids a special treat.
@_date: 2019-05-24 12:28:33
Doesn't that also depend on the long-term value prospect of those other coins though?
If - like me - someone believes that in a couple of decades time, there will be no altcoins to speak of as they'll have an effective value of zero, and there is no desire to claim the BTC from the bar until a couple of decades from now, then the altcoin holdings are meaningless to that person.
@_date: 2019-05-17 14:23:12
I agree with that whether the bluetooth is secure or not isn't the right question.  Your funds on the device are secure in the same way as the previous model in that there is no way to use it to sign a transaction or get the keys from the device.
You could send a signal that asks the user to sign a transaction they didn't request, but it's the user's own fault if they then actually choose to do so (it's very clear on the screen and requires manual effort).  Also, they'd have to actively have it turned on and be in the appropriate app (e.g. "Bitcoin") to do so.  The Bluetooth isn't enabled when it's off (obviously) and the transaction signing request will fail if the user isn't in the app.
For reference, I already have my Nano X.  I bought one of the "Genesis Block Edition" ones (early pre-order offer).  So far, I really love it.  It's slightly bigger than the Nano S which is a small downside, but not significantly so and it still hangs off my keyring just as nicely without taking up any significant room.
I can't speak for the experience of using anything other Bitcoin (because I don't use anything other than Bitcoin), but at least for my use case, I can say it's a really nice device in pretty much every way.
@_date: 2018-12-08 15:18:03
Altcoins are also down... think that might influence it?
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:58:37
Bitcoin **is** money.  You don't make money by selling it, just change it in to a different kind of money.
Right now, other kinds of money (notably fiat) are more widely accepted and easier to spend, but they also has properties that make them inherently much less trustworthy and a much worse store of value than bitcoin.
Therefore I don't intend on selling my bitcoin for fiat unless there is something fundamentally broken in bitcoin (someone discovers a flaw that can not be fixed) or I need fiat to do something critical for the life of me or my family and it is not at the time possible to do it with bitcoin.
Otherwise, my intention is to continue to hold bitcoin essentially forever.  I currently use it where possible/realistic for me to do so and in the future, I hope we reach a point where I'll no longer need to use fiat at all.
@_date: 2017-06-12 05:07:06
The whole "market share" thing is ridiculous since it's based off the idea of "market cap" for coins, which is generally meaningless.
I could create a new shitcoin tomorrow, pre-mine 100 million of them, and convince someone to buy one of them for a cent because I played a good marketing game and told them it'll be the next big thing.  Suddenly, my coin's "market cap" is a million dollars ($0.01 * 100million) despite the fact that only 1c has ever been traded of it and the realistic value is quite definitely zero.
Now, I'm not saying that's the only aspect.  I do think that there is a lot more interest in altcoins right now than there was in the past and that some of them have some interesting properties.  I'm not convinced yet that any are serious challengers to bitcoin, but I am of course keeping an eye on the larger ones.  Right now, I think most the most 'value' in altcoins is a get-rich quick scheme for pump-and-dumpers and in some specific cases (e.g. ETH) as chains for doing non-coin things on (although with ETH specifically, the centralised control removes a *lot* of trust in the system from my perspective).
@_date: 2017-06-04 19:42:48
That only shows that you have a price, not that "*Every hodler has a price*".
You could show me ten thousand people that say "I'm a hodler and have a price" but if I only show one that doesn't, I've disproved the hypothesis.
@_date: 2018-12-08 06:35:35
Do you not think it's immutable?
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:38:58
Ummm... how?  Without telling you where I live or who my landlord is, I don't see any possible way to prove this...
(and while I do actually use LivingRoomOfSatoshi for some things as suggested I might, I actually pay my rent *directly* in bitcoin because my landlord is also interested in acquiring more of it, so it's a very easy way for him to do so)
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:04:10
1. I need groceries.
2. I have bitcoin.
3. I don't have fiat.
Given the above statements, should I spend my bitcoin on groceries?
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:56:55
No, it isn’t interesting to ask, because the answer is that it can’t happen in a thousand lifetimes. 
And I don’t just mean that in a “it won’t get that big” kind of way; but really in a “if everyone on earth made a hundred thousand new wallets every second of their life, over a thousand lifetimes would pass before you had exhausted every possible address” way. 
Even if it were possible somehow (imagining a smaller keyspace for example), it wouldn’t achieve anything useful because wallets don’t get “used up”. If I had a private key to a wallet that you used a few years ago and deleted the key, I could use it without problems (although I wouldn’t, since seeing activity in its history would make me think someone else also might still have the keys and therefore I wouldn’t trust that wallet). 
@_date: 2018-12-20 09:25:19
If someone's goal is to "sell" their BTC for "profit", then they're not a HODLer.  They're just a trader that's taking longer than the average between trades.
@_date: 2019-05-15 16:30:10
Bitcoin works fine. You’re looking at a currency and mistaking it for a payment network. 
Do we need more and better payment networks on top of bitcoin? Sure, that’d be great. Should we damage the currency potentially irrevocably to do so? Absolutely not.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:48:15


Absolutely.  I don't personally "invest" in bitcoin and wouldn't recommend anyone else to either.  I simply use it and do my best not to use fiat where ever possible.
When it comes to investments, I have other things (property, stocks, etc).


I consider the concept of a fiat based "retirement account" to be extremely risky and would never do that beyond what I've been required to by the governments of the countries in which I've worked.  I also don't have a bitcoin based retirement account; although I do consider it to be somewhat less risky, it's still too risky for my preferences.  I just think the chance of that fiat becoming worthless within my lifetime are too high.
I do agree with this though when talking about long term investments that should provide a moderate increase in value by the time I retire.  That's essentially what my investments represent.  I don't use managed systems for them however.
Just to note, I'm not actually familiar with the US "401k" since I've never lived or worked in the US.  I'm aware it's some kind of retirement investment system, so maybe not too dissimilar to what I'm doing; but I don't know the details.
What I'm against is systems whereby you put $x in and are promised $x + y% returns.  If your dollars are invested well, the company managing the fund makes money, and if it's done badly they lose money but either way, you get what you're owed (and in some places this is government backed for safety in case the company *really* screws up).  The problem with these systems though is that they assume I want dollars.  If the dollar is worth 0.00001% of what it used to be, then my total z% gains on what I put in aren't desirable anymore.
This differs from my approach, in that if I invest in a company and the dollar or other fiat currency that they generally use begins to die, there's a reason for them to switch their operations to a better currency.  My investment is in that company's value, not in a specific currency.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:29:16
In the perfect world, I'd agree with you, but I'm also a realist and don't think that this is something we can realistically expect.
Essentially, I think that there will be significant interest in bitcoin from people for whom running their own node will require too much effort to do so correctly or effectively.  This would only harm bitcoin in the long run.
Now, one could argue that these people perhaps aren't yet ready to use bitcoin, and that argument certainly has merits.  However it's also true that by design we can't stop people from using it (and that's good) and so it makes sense to provide options that are theoretically sub-optimal but practically preferable.
This is also the exact reason that I didn't mention paper wallets in my original reply.  The user experience requires a level of technical capability and understanding that - while trivial to you and I perhaps - is not necessarily common knowledge to the average person who is now interested in getting involved with bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-30 19:38:13


This is true.  **However**, what many people forget is that not paying for these people has its consequences.  Without social benefits (yes, taken from my hard earned money), these people are more likely to turn to violent crime or other activities that I would rather not have.
To be completely honest, I don't even like being accosted by beggars on the street and am happy to pay taxes that are put towards giving these people a basic level of support sufficient to stop them doing so.  I've lived in places where this is not the case, and to me, it's money well spent.
@_date: 2018-12-12 06:18:00
The coins don't "come out of thin air".  They come out of the energy expenditure put towards them.  This is also mathematically provable after the fact.
Your argument is essentially circular even though the circular reasoning is hidden.  What you're really saying in essence is that: "people are throwing money to generate something of no value, and so to sustain this, they sell these valueless things to people, but since they're valueless, it's unsustainable".
You're concluding that the coins are valueless by including it in your axioms.  If you remove that, you get something like, "people are throwing money to generate something, and to sustain this, they sell these things to people", which sounds like pretty much every business model for production that exists.  It can even be surmised from this that the things being produced must have value because otherwise no one would buy them and no one would produce them.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:52:16
There is [no bitcoin emoji]( in the [Unicode emoji set](  There is however a unicode character (since Unicode 10.0): ₿
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:58:41
If no one else that has offered is able to help, I might be able to point you in the right direction on a couple of things.
I work for a printer manufacturer as my 'day job'* and know rather a lot about different print systems and also once trained as a private investigator (strange but true).  So at the very least, I should be able to give you an idea of general recovery techniques for damaged print if you can tell me what kind of printer (e.g. laser, colour laser, inkjet, "bubble-jet", dye, etc) and what kind of paper (recycled, normal bleached office paper, thick card, etc).  More details like the brand/model of the printer and brand/type/weight of the paper would help even more if you know them.
There's also a small chance (although it is very small) that if you didn't print it too long ago, you can get it out of the storage (flash/HDD/whatever) of the printer.  That however is very model dependent, so I'd need to know not only the exact brand/model, but also its configuration options and as many details as possible of how you printed it (OS, application, driver, protocol).
\* ^((Just to be completely clear: I actually work in the software side of the business, so I'm not actually a printer technician; but after 15 years in the company, I think I have a pretty good grasp of a lot of that side of it)^)
@_date: 2019-05-31 13:40:59
It's not the same at all.
Bitcoin is a thousand times better.
@_date: 2018-12-02 11:17:47
If you tell us what languages you do speak, that might help.
There are communities all around the world speaking many different languages.  They have both online presences as well as in-person meetups and events.
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:31:22
As an occasional shopper on the DNMs (and especially AlphaBay), I'm happy to know they're handling things this way to ensure that transactions get to where they need to be and are done so as securely as possible for everyone involved.  I'd rather they pay too-high a fee than "just enough", otherwise their mixers will occasionally hit problems during unexpected busy times and many vendors trying to withdraw their earnings may find themselves looking for alternative ways of making their money.
I couldn't agree more though that this is a problem and needs to be solved.  But I'd rather push for it be solved by proper technical solutions such as segwit and implementation of elegant 2nd layer systems than by asking DNMs to reduce the fees they pay (which would only be a very short term improvement at best).
@_date: 2018-12-19 10:44:17


All money is imaginary.  It's worth what people are willing to give you for it.
That doesn't mean it's useless or valueless.  Imaginary money is extremely useful and valuable.  This is really no different to language.  Words are just "made up sounds".  They only mean what we agree with each other that they mean.  They're totally imaginary in exactly the same way.  Language is one of the most useful inventions people have created.


This is untrue.
Bitcoin's utility is the ability to send money from one place to another without requiring a middleman, completely pseudonymously, and increasingly irreversibly over time.  If you see no value in that, fine, but *very* many people do.


True.  They are backed by the threat of violence.  Note that I'm not actually saying that's necessarily a bad thing, it's just a statement of fact.  It's not without practicality to have a currency that you are required to consider valuable, because it forces your neighbour to consider it valuable as well and gives you a reasonable expectation of the ability to trade.  However, just because a system works (or better said, "kind of" works), it doesn't mean it's the best system.


If you believe this, you simply don't understand how Bitcoin works.
@_date: 2018-12-11 20:32:21
Okay, it's a shame we can't reach an agreement, but I also appreciated the discussion.  It's good to have a civil conversation on reddit with someone I disagree with rather than the (sadly) large number of screeching trolls.
@_date: 2018-12-14 10:46:28
I still don't understand the push for "blockchain based logistics".  It seems to me there are too many points of failure and not enough good reasons to do it.
1. How does the system ensure against a physical MITM attacks (if at all)? e.g.:
   1. Replace the product with an inferior one (or otherwise alter the product) but simply use original barcode that the vendor put on it
   2. Transport company subcontracts a part of their flow to another 3rd party who simply never gets recorded (transport company representatives at both ends makes it seem it was in their control the whole time)
   3. etc
2. What is the advantage of using a blockchain for this over a centralised database?  In other words, if you're already required to trust the physical side of things (assuming the answer to question 1 is "it doesn't"), how does the trustless nature of the blockchain side of it add any real world value to the process?
From my perspective, when the thing being traded is purely digital and exists within the blockchain (e.g. bitcoin values on the Bitcoin blockchain), the security is end-to-end and makes perfect sense; but when the thing being traded is a physical good and only a representation such as a fingerprint/ID of it exists within the blockchain (e.g. the logistics use case), the whole model breaks down and there's no longer a meaningful use case (of course you can do it, but I don't see it as any more secure/useful/helpful than a simpler database).
@_date: 2019-05-04 08:01:21
Go find a dark alleyway in any major city and look for a sketchy guy hanging around with his hands in his pocket.  When he asks you if you're "looking to score", he's talking about Bitcoin.  Ask him how much for "an eight ball", which means 8mBTC.  He'll tell you.  Give him the cash and a wallet address and he'll transfer the BTC within the next 20 minutes.
Or alternatively, use the search function for the thousand other people that have asked the same question and see what answers they got.  Your requirements may be different to others and without a lot more context (what kind of limits you want; what your time preference is; what level of KYC you're willing to accept; etc, no one here can give you practical advice.
@_date: 2019-05-10 12:00:58
This depends on how much effort you're willing to go to for the amount of money you're wanting to secure.
For some people, this may be buying some kind of metal stamping kit and keeping multiple copies in different locations around the world with a "canary" wallet that uses the same seed words but no passphrase.  For others, it might be writing 12 or 24 words on a bit of paper and sticking it in their sock drawer.  For most, it's probably somewhere in between.
I try to keep all old seeds I ever created.  There's quite a lot of them now and the majority will almost certainly never have any funds associated with them ever again.  For those ones, I keep a backup in an encrypted archive on two different web services.  I also keep the actual private keys live in a program that monitors for incoming funds so that if any money does go in to them, it grabs it and forwards them to me as quickly as possible (this program is also monitoring known "dumb" brain wallets; but I'm clearly not the only one, since when money goes in to those, I seem to have about a 5% success rate of actually grabbing it).
For the seed words to the hot wallet on my phone ("walking around spending money" only), it's handwritten on paper, in a locked safe at my home.
For the seed words to the few private keys that hold more significant amounts, I'd rather not say how I have them stored (being "cautious" with information about your own security methods is of course also an important part of them).
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:46:05
“Not your keys, not your bitcoin”
Why anyone would keep non-trivial amounts under someone else’s custody for any extended period of time is beyond my comprehension. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 15:32:29
Actually, it's just really badly worded.  They mean it's the first in Birmingham, it's definitely not the first in the UK either.
@_date: 2018-12-06 09:43:39
I won’t say no...
@_date: 2019-05-15 09:33:54
I agree with absolutely everything you said except:


If you think it's not going to hit 6 figures USD, you're crazy.
I personally think *much much* more (mid to high seven figures before it becomes meaningless to talk about USD exchange rate), but I'll grant that there are possible futures where this doesn't happen - unlikely, but still possible.  However I don't see any realistic future where it doesn't reach well over 10x the current valuation.
@_date: 2018-12-12 11:39:42
Over the last year, I think I lost a euro or two dropping them on the ground or in my car or similar.  I haven't lost any bitcoin though - they tend to stay right in my wallet where I put them until I spend them.
@_date: 2018-12-14 12:55:24


I'd modify that slightly to: "*only undertake full custody of your coins when you feel the risk of you losing your keys is lower than the risk of your money's custodian (e.g. the exchange) losing, stealing, or otherwise depriving you of it*".  In other words, yes, people should educate themselves about looking after their keys safely, but shouldn't wait that long before getting the bitcoin off the exchange.  Until they do, they are the proud owners of an IOU for bitcoin, not bitcoin itself and run the not insignificant risk of loss from that situation.


1 satoshi per byte (lowest possible realistic fee) has been possible to get in the next few blocks for almost every day this year.  Waiting seems a bit unnecessary.


Why?  That only adds more unnecessary congestion to the network.
@_date: 2018-12-18 08:42:45
Not that many languages... and also not always "more than just a single-one".  English being a good example in that "less than a single-one" also takes the plural (unless describing it with a fraction, since then you're referring to a fraction of "one object", so the object is actually a whole single):
* 1 dog
* 2 **dogs**
* A half dog / Half a dog / Half of a dog (note the "a dog" being a whole object and therefore singular)
* 0.5 **dogs**
There are also "exceptions to rules" (including "rule exceptions to rules") in most languages, again, English included.  There are many plurals in English that don't take an "s". For example:
* child-&gt;children
* moose-&gt;moose
* mouse-&gt;mice
* etc.
There are even whole classes that don't just add an "s" (i.e. for this class, the rule is an exception to the general rule).  For example:
* Uncountable nouns: Dirt, information, water, mud, money, etc.
* Latin words: fungus-&gt;fungi; analysis-&gt;analyses; matrix-&gt;matrices; larva-&gt;larvae; bacterium-&gt;bacteria; etc.
* Words that end in "ife": wife-&gt;wives; knife-&gt;knives; life-&gt;lives
* etc.
There is often debate as to whether "euro" (the currency) should take the plural form "euro" or "euros" in English and it tends to be regional as to what is preferred.  I personally use "euro" ("100 euro" not "100 euros").
Similarly, I agree with and would say "5 bitcoin" rather than "5 bitcoins".
For both euro and bitcoin, I don't really mind when other people add an "s" though and I'd never do it with dollars ("5 dollar" doesn't sound right).
@_date: 2018-12-09 00:35:39
Everyone is entitled to an opinion but they are not entitled to me giving a damn about it.
Just as I don't give any valid consideration to the talking points of flat-earthers, young-earth creationists, or chemtrail nuts, I also don't bother listening to or thinking about the talking points of buttcoiners.  All of these groups of people are working on a fundamentally different way of understanding the concept of "truth" than I do and so we can't even begin to find common ground for a reasoned and rational discussion.
@_date: 2018-12-19 17:14:54
1. I have a credit card that was issued in Australia when I lived there (but no longer do; I'm in Germany now and have been for the last eleven and a half years).  I can therefore pay off the credit card directly using [Living Room of Satoshi](
2. Because I live in Germany, tax around bitcoin isn't really an issue for me.  I do have an accountant, but mostly for the complications around my investments (properties, stocks, etc) rather than anything related to my use of bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2018-12-08 22:42:01
A successful 50% attack doesn't make it "not immutable".  It sets limits on the immutability.  Of course, there'd need to be both capability and rationale for the 50% attack first.  I don't believe either currently exist.
Computer science evolving has very little to do with it.  Proof of work is a computer science implementation of a solution, but the solution is inherently based in the physical laws of the universe, not computer science specifically.  Unless we discover new *physics* that fundamentally change how we view the concept of energy within the universe, proof of work is safe.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:38:32
Nope.  Not a whale.  I have some savings, but I'm far from "rich" and I don't engage in speculation or trading.
Bitcoin is a currency and I use it as a currency.  That means that I acquire it and I spend it on goods and services.  Back when I had tens to hundreds of bitcoins, I also spent tens to hundreds of bitcoins since that's what things cost.  Now when I get tens to hundreds of millibitcoins, I spend tens to hundreds of millibitcoins since that's what things cost.
@_date: 2019-05-08 13:41:55


They could hold zero and still be profitable.  They'd need to change their business model, but acting as an arbiter/escrow and co-signer of multisig transactions between peers is a viable business that wouldn't be a huge shift away from what they do now (the UI could even be almost identical).
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:02:18
gave you the answer.  It's 6.8 decillion years, or somewhere around 50 sextillion times longer than the universe has existed to the best of our knowledge.
You should probably try to generate a simpler vanity address instead.  The length of time is based mostly on how many characters you want to match.  Each additional character adds a larger amount of time.  For example, if I wanted something that contained the string "da1e" somewhere in it, it'd take much longer than one that had just "db" somewhere in it, but much (*much*) less time than one that contained "da1ebewan".
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:19:14
The routing fees are likely to be minimal, and the direct channel is easier to manage even if it does mean a bit more custom software, but that's par for the course at this early stage of things in the bitcoin world.  Remembering that they can't really just 'grab an LN implementation' either since there'll be significant development to plug it all in to their custom developed exchange software (none of those are 'off the shelf') in a secure and manageable way.
(As a note, I work in the software side of a bitcoin focused business, so I'm more than familiar with the state of things in most of the major player's dev environments and I can say it's on average definitely nowhere near as slick and polished as a lot of other more mature industries)
Either way, I think we're in agreement that Liquid is definitely unnecessary, and whether the exchange decided to choose LN or directly managed one-to-one channels, it'd be superior in pretty much every way.
@_date: 2018-12-04 04:34:05
Nope, not the only one.
Or at least, I only exchange my fiat for BTC once a month, but since it's essentially my entire paycheque (minus the planned outgoing payments that I can't yet settle in BTC), I guess you could call that fistfuls.
@_date: 2018-12-19 17:26:58
Ah, okay.  I've read the bible as well once, but retained even less of that in my memory than of classic sci-fi.  I'm an atheist and don't interact much with christians or christianity at all in my daily life really - it's just a "non-topic" for the most part in my social and professional life.
@_date: 2019-05-09 11:31:17
You joke, but I am in fact holding the private keys a lot of bitcoin that belongs to other people (between 5 and 10 other people to give an idea of scale) because they trust me more than they trust themselves and after all my explanations they don't trust random 3rd parties like exchanges either.
I even made them sign something saying that if it gets lost or otherwise becomes unavailable, they can't hold me legally liable unless they can prove in a court of law that I stole it.
If I were morally bankrupt, I almost certainly could steal their money in a way that they couldn't prove and therefore totally get away with it.  I won't though.
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:42:48
Yeah... car options might be nice.  That threshold was intended to be 100 years though.  I should've commented better ;)
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:21:18


Hi, my name is Dale.  Nice to meet you.
I use Bitcoin for a lot of different things and I'm neither a drug dealer, nor have I ever tried to get money out of China (other than what I entered China with in my pocket when I've passed through).  I pay my rent with it, I buy most of my groceries with it, I order fast food with it, I buy electronics with it, and I use it to pay off my credit card each month when I used that credit card to pay for those things where I can't use bitcoin, effectively meaning I never need to actually hold any fiat myself.
Now you know someone who uses it and is not in one of the groups you mentioned.


Since 2009... How have you not used it?!  Between then and now (i.e. the whole history of bitcoin) there have been thousands of opportunities for you to use it.  I honestly can't imagine a scenario where someone who has "messed around with bitcoin since 2009" hasn't made at least one purchase with it unless they deliberately chose not to do so.
@_date: 2017-06-04 19:34:59
I think that if my meagre bitcoin holdings were able to purchase those things, they'd be able to do so directly rather than by first selling my bitcoin for fiat.  The only way that bitcoin will have that kind of value is if it has become 'mainstream' enough that selling it will seem like an antiquated bit of history.
And if I'm that rich, of course I'll spend some of it on nice stuff.  But I definitely won't spend all of it, just as anyone who wins the lottery is also crazy if they blow it all on nice stuff and are then poor again.  I'll ensure I've got enough left at all times to spend the rest of my life in comfort and leave a sizeable amount on top for my kids as well.
I'm not against spending BTC at all - I do so even now in fact (and always replenish that from my fiat holdings; sometimes even before I spend).  But the exchange rate to fiat isn't something that's going to make me decide to "cash out" at any number.
@_date: 2018-12-25 17:14:30
Happy to get a couple satoshi more. Love the lntipbot &lt;3
@_date: 2018-12-18 04:21:15
Right.  But you also shouldn't assume that "this sub" is a monolithic entity.  There are a million subscribers here and each of them likely has pretty different views.
I agree completely that talk about it as an investment is uninteresting and therefore talk about its exchange rate to fiat doesn't really matter all that much (it could in theory be a proxy-indicator of adoption in some ways, but not really a great one considering all the other factors that influence it).
However I'm also careful about phrases like "...supposed to be...".  I'm not sure BTC is "supposed to be" anything in particular.  It is what it is, and just because someone else has a different purpose for it than I do, I don't believe I have any right to tell them that they're wrong.  I might call them shortsighted, or part of their own problem during a market crash, but not "wrong" because it's not a statement about fact, but rather one about personal meaning.  Telling someone that their personal meaning is wrong is essentially the first step towards the concept of thought-crime.  As a strong proponent of cognitive liberty, that idea is abhorrent to me.
@_date: 2018-12-15 20:05:42
As per  how do they even know how much I have?
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:27:11


Ummm... yes it does.  Why do you think it doesn't?  There is quite likely to be no need to increase number of transactions per block for either a very long time, or possibly ever, given sufficient adoption of second layers.


Can you explain this problem better than you did in your blog?  It looks to me like you're saying you round things off to exact numbers of cents.  Okay... that seems like a bad idea to begin with, but even when required (such as when making a payment) it should be the very last step only, so the most you'll have as a difference is a single cent, which (again) is the exact same problem you deal with in ANY financial system where whole-cent rounding for payouts is required.  The base unit of bitcoin is the satoshi, and is indivisible on-chain (millisatoshi used off-chain are an abstraction in the same way that fractions of a cent are an abstraction in your fiat financial data and should be handled in the exact same way).


No they aren't.  Those are the steps you went through to perform a currency exchange (USD to BTC), and then multiple transactions including some via third party services. Only steps 6 to 9 are the "paying for something with bitcoin" and are fundamentally the same as paying via any other standard payment method.
I'm not saying steps 1 to 5 (or something similar, such as being paid in bitcoin) aren't required, just that they're not a part of the day to day user experience when buying something using bitcoin.  Most are a "one off" event that is done first and then never done again.  I agree that the user experience can be improved for a lot of it, but that's just application UX, not "bitcoin UX".  Do we need better and nicer apps in the bitcoin world?  Hell yes.  Is this a problem with bitcoin itself?  Hell no.
@_date: 2018-12-06 18:58:45
Fine, since my income when measured in BTC also quadrupled.  I really think it's only people "investing" in bitcoin that actually care all that much about the exchange rate to fiat.
It works just as well at $0.10 as at $1million when you actually use it as money.
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:11:32


Bitcoin isn't automatically deflationary - it's fixed supply.  The supply rate is disinflationary, but even that can be ignored in the long term.
If I have 21BTC, I have 0.00001% of all Bitcoin.  If I choose to do nothing that earns me any more, I still need to pay people for goods and services (at the very least, the food that I eat; but probably more).  Over time, I will continually have less than 21%.
If the economy itself keeps growing at a faster rate than my expenditure, then I will continually be getting "richer" in terms of purchasing power, but not in absolute terms.  I may live like a king my whole life, but *not* at the expense of others.  I am not taking money out of anyone else's pockets.
But, if the economy stops growing, or even shrinks (as eventually must happen, since continual growth is logically impossible), then the economy as a whole begins to act inflationary again until such time as it stabilises or grows.
A fixed supply isn't inherently inflationary or deflationary.  It simply lets the economic growth be the determining factor for that (and allows for self-stabilisation since the saving vs spending that is encouraged by deflation and inflation respectively applies pressure in the opposite direction.  In essence, the economy should only grow at the natural rate of real new value and new people, not at artificially set unsustainable rates).
@_date: 2019-05-09 13:00:12
To be honest, I'd say the main concern is trusting them not to push a malicious update.  The problem with mobile wallets aren't really the wallets directly, it's the update processes of mobile applications and an inability to audit new applications.
It doesn't stop me using a mobile wallet for day to day spending, but it does stop me putting any significant amount of money in one.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:29:28
Totally disagree. 
On the whole, “crypto” is a scam (often even unintentionally) that rides bitcoin’s wave, using its technology stack as buzzwords, but ultimately failing to provide what bitcoin can, as it tries to “solve” what it perceives as shortcomings in Bitcoin by fundamentally breaking core aspects of it and rendering itself all but useless.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:56:37


I'm not sure that I agree because this implies a separate reference frame of value.  For stocks or so on, it makes sense, but for currency I don't believe it necessarily does (it can, which is why people may buy and sell foreign currency to increase their holdings of their local currency, but doesn't have to).
Essentially, it's like me asking some person on the street at what price they will sell their dollars (or euro, or pounds, or whatever).  It's a meaningless question when those dollars (or whatever) are their unit for measuring value.
There is no price at which I'd sell my BTC because my BTC is the "money" that I would sell things for.
As for getting fiat in, thankfully I live in Germany and have an account with Fidor bank, so I can buy practically any amount of BTC in seconds through bitcoin.de without dealing with transferring money to an exchange first.  I am certainly not wealthy enough to exhaust all of the sellers there!  The exchange rate isn't as good as using a full exchange, but for the convenience, I'm fine with that given that the difference is negligible when accounting for how much it has appreciated over time.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:22:14
Sure, and bitcoin itself will continue unaffected.
@_date: 2017-06-11 13:43:53
The problem with so many surveys is that they can be used to imply things that aren't necessarily true.  It takes skill to write a good survey and skill to interpret one as well.
Nothing against you, but I shudder when I see the question, "How many cryptocurrencies do you own?" because of the potential for misunderstanding that could come out of the results.
I own a very small amount of very many different cryptocurrencies, so I selected "5 or more".  However, the vast majority of my cryptocurrency holdings is in Bitcoin (in equivalent fiat, my bitcoin holdings are thousands of times the value my other cryptocurrency holdings combined).
However it would be very easy for someone to interpret my answer to the question about number of cryptocurrencies as meaning that I am less confident about bitcoin than I am.  I expect there are many people in a similar situation (and not only for BTC, such as people who hold a lot of ETH but only small amounts of BTC and others).
I'm not making assumptions here on how you personally might interpret your results nor your intention for what you wanted to get to know when you wrote the questions, but I do suspect that if you publish the results to this, they'll be used to justify positions that are not supported (nor refuted) by the data you've collected.
@_date: 2018-12-05 10:36:06
While I certainly wouldn't bet on it, I also wouldn't be surprised if it were to happen.  Over a year, basically anything can happen to the exchange rate between fiat and bitcoin.
Honestly though, whether it's $0.10 or $1000000.00 per BTC, I don't really care all that much.  I'm more interested in *using* it than I am in speculating about its relative value.
@_date: 2019-05-06 12:27:36
Addendum to the reminder in the subject: If you draw any kind of "recognisable pattern" and use the keys from that, it's extremely likely you'll have your coins stolen very quickly.  Even a scribble over the box has far less entropy than random selections of squares and is therefore significantly less secure.
So, while this tool is "cute", I would never recommend anyone ever actually use it to generate keys at all.
@_date: 2018-12-07 21:06:35
While fiat to fiat exchange rate fluctuations are yet another topic that weakens your argument, it's not even the one I was making.  I was comparing one USD in 1968 to one USD in 2018.  Same currency, different years, different values.  If that value can differ, then "USD" is clearly NOT the definition of value against which all other things can be measured.
@_date: 2018-12-07 14:10:10
To me, it's because:
1. There is no viable alternative to proof of work for a truly decentralised cryptocurrency.
2. Proof of work naturally converts energy to value, so it's inevitable that over a long enough time scale, it becomes more valuable in total for one proof of work system to exist than multiple concurrently (energy spent on one is energy that could have been spent on another and is "wasted" from the perspective of that other).
Given these two facts, any non-PoW coin must eventually die and all PoW coins except one must eventually die.  I'd put my bets on the coin that has the most PoW already in its chain - Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:32:13


Then how about talking to them instead of posting about it here? 
I don’t interact with exchanges often, so really neither know nor care personally about what they have and haven’t implemented. 
Back before I got paid in BTC directly, I would use them once a month to convert my paycheque. It never really bothered me what units they used, since conversion in my head is simple enough. I can imagine that for some people, it may be better if they do so of course but - as I said - you’ll do better talking to them and requesting it directly than posting here where they’ll almost definitely not see it. 


Over the last couple of months I don’t recall seeing it either, but over the last couple of years there have been at least 20 such posts. 
The answer is of course always the same: if you want someone to change their display unit options, talk to them. There’s no central body declaring “the right display unit” (thankfully). It’s totally up to those writing the software and services what they do, so if you think they should do it differently, talk to them!
@_date: 2018-12-08 22:10:48
If it's not cost effective to mine for all miners, then once some begin switching off, it becomes cost effective for the remaining miners.  This is by design, so there is never a point that it's not cost effective to mine *in general*; just that it can become not cost effective to mine for *all current* miners.
@_date: 2018-12-04 04:54:26
If I create a valid transaction and broadcast it, it will be relayed across the network by nodes and eventually (within a few seconds at most generally) picked up by the miners to be included in to an upcoming block at some point.
If I then create another transaction trying to spend the same inputs, any node that has seen the previous transaction will not relay it because they already see that it's invalid.  If it somehow did make it all the way to the node that is supplying you with a view of transactions AND that node was somehow dumb enough not to reject the second one, then what you'd see is entirely up to the behaviour of that node.
I think your misunderstanding is that the "fraudulent" transaction is somehow equally as valid until such time as it's included in a block.  It's not.  If I sent two transactions at exactly the same time, then it could be that half of the network shows one and the other half shows the other, but as soon as one is mined in a block (whichever one the miner chose to put in), the other one will be invalid according to the rest of the network.  So, if you were looking at a node representing one, it would be "unconfirmed" and then just disappear entirely while the other just suddenly appears for you with 1 confirmation.
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:02:39


Inflation incentivises **unnecessary** spending.  This argument is actually just the broken window fallacy dressed up in a way that makes it look more acceptable.  People are forced to spend their money on stuff they don't want or need because it's preferable to their money losing value through not spending it.  This then further incentivises the production of useless things (sometimes even at the expense of useful things; why build devices that will last a long time and sell for higher prices when you know that people are incentivised to get rid of money regularly?  Rather build lower quality crap that they'll eat up).  It's not a net gain for the economy at all.  People will still buy goods and services in a non-inflationary model, there'll just be much fairer pricing and quality since there isn't incentive in the system for wasting energy/work on things that are non-productive/useless.
I find it incredible that mainstream Keynesian economists understand the broken window fallacy on the small scale but completely fail to recognise it on the macro scale in their broken inflationary concept.
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:06:11
Since I'm not aware of any kind of measurement value for fame, I'm not sure how your question can be answered in any realistic way.
I could say for example that if I say something about Bitcoin, some people that are fans of my work would probably care a bit, but since that's somewhere well under ten thousand people it wouldn't have a huge impact.  If on the other hand Tom Hanks says something about Bitcoin, it'll probably be much more "newsworthy".
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:08:49




Not unless you live a *lot* longer than people currently do.
2140 is a reasonable estimate.  If the hash rate were to have a significant acceleration and not slow down at all for the next hundred years, we might see the last new coin being generated in 2139 or maybe even 2138, but sooner is nearly unimaginable.
It's also worth pointing out though that it doesn't really matter.  Unless you're sick, old, or fall prey to an unnatural death, you will live to see a time that the new coins generated (referred to as the "subsidy" in a block) is so low it's as good as zero.
This is a mathematical behaviour that is obvious once you know it, but can seem strange until you do if you're not mathematically minded in general:
* In 2009, the first era of bitcoin, there were 50 BTC generated each block.  At the end of that era in 2013, half (50%) of all bitcoin ever to exist (10.5 million) had been mined.
* The second era then started, where 25 BTC were generated each block.  At the end of that era in 2017, 3/4 (75%) of all bitcoin ever to exist (15.75 million) had been mined.
* We're in the third era now.  12.5 BTC are generated each block.  At the end of this era in 2020, 7/8 (87.5%) of all bitcoin ever to exist (18.375 million) will have been mined.
* The fourth era  will be next.  During that era, 6.25 BTC will be generated each block.  At the end of that era in 2024, 15/16 (93.75%) of all bitcoin ever to exist (19.6875 million) will have been mined.
* In around 2028, it'll be 3.125 BTC per block.  In around 2032, it'll be 1.5625 BTC per block.  In around 2036, it'll be 0.78125 BTC per block.  In 2040, 0.390625 BTC per block.  At this point, over 99.5% of all bitcoin that can be mined, will have been mined.
* It'll take around a hundred years for those last 0.5% to be mined and the last 40 years of it will be spent producing the final 1 BTC.
By any reasonable economic model, some time between 2030 and 2040, the generation of new coins will be such a small amount that the halvenings after 2040 will be almost completely ignorable.  They will have no measurable effect on the supply and miners will be living off transaction fees.
I'm not young anymore, but I certainly do expect to still be around and kicking in 2040.  Hopefully with some grandkids on my knee by then.  I'll be able to tell them stories of the early days of bitcoin, when it still felt like a weird internet experiment instead of "just the way money works" and they'll marvel at the idea that their parents - my kids - were given a whole bitcoin each as birthday presents when they were just little kids themselves.
Although I'm not sure anyone will talk about "bitcoins" as whole units other than in historical context.  Bitcoin is the network, but the unit of account and that what is used in day to day conversation would be satoshis by then.  1 BTC is simply too much money to be practically useful when referring to the value of things.
@_date: 2018-12-11 20:15:04
Each to their own, but to me, those are extremely solid and definite things, not vague in the slightest.  I also truly don't expect any of them to ever happen - they're only slightly more likely than finding out that stars are in fact pinpricks in a curtain rather than giant gas fusion reactions in space - but they are what it would take for me to change my view (again, I'm not ruling out something much simpler; but I can't think of what that could be).
It's also probably important to note, I'm not a trader nor an investor.  I use bitcoin *as money*.  I see no point in "selling" it, since to me, that's just trading one good form of money for a worse one.  I understand that traders buy and sell in order to make a profit and that it can be quite lucrative.  I could - in theory - try that to increase the amount of money (bitcoin) that I have, but if I did (which I don't think I will, because I think I'd be bad at it), that would be something entirely different and unrelated to why I'm interested in bitcoin and what I currently do with it.  I'd also view it perhaps "backwards" from most traders in that I'd consider fiat to be the speculative asset I was buying and selling using my bitcoin money.
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:31:53


I believe this is true.


I do not believe this is true.
@_date: 2019-05-17 06:06:47
Why not just provide a website with that information? 
Are you just harvesting email addresses for spam and/or identification purposes?
@_date: 2019-05-03 10:05:12
All quite possibly true, but it doesn't invalidate anything I said.
@_date: 2019-05-29 15:05:18


Agreed and I didn't say it was.  I stated - and stand by - the fact that strangers being able to altruistically provide additional security is more secure than them not being able to.  Something doesn't have to be complete ("rely on it") to be a benefit.


I completely disagree.  A node can lose connection unexpectedly.  Power goes out at home due to a tree falling over a line or whatever.  If I have another (unfunded) node on a server I control elsewhere (be it a public cloud service that I pay for or simply another connection), the chance of them both going down at the same time is significantly lower.  The effort to ensure that a single node is up 24/7 is *much* more than ensuring a plurality of nodes has at least one up 24/7.
@_date: 2018-12-08 07:39:23
200 coins in 2010 (self-mined, no pool, 4 blocks)... deleted it along with the private key when I decided it was just killing my hardware pointlessly.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:34:33
About 10 times less than I did at $2...
@_date: 2018-12-18 21:27:38
Thanks for the reply.
Unfortunately, the lack of batching is a killer for me, since I really don't want to have to make a separate on-chain tx for every spend that I do.
I do understand your priorities, but I'd suggest looking in to these things on the longer term roadmap (beyond 6 months if necessary) especially if you're going to say things like:






I'd also add things like UTXO selection to the list.  It's not something I currently make a lot of use of, but I can imagine wanting it and in that instance, not having it would be really annoying.
@_date: 2018-12-17 10:14:11


Your question is based on a false assumption.
"Bitcoin" exists by convention.  So, the only way you can define anything as being the "real" Bitcoin would be to determine which has the majority consensus.
However in actuality, there is no "real Bitcoin".  There's just "the rules that are considered correct by the client that I run, forming a network with people whose clients are running the same (or otherwise entirely compatible) rules".  This is because it's a decentralised, consensus-controlled system.  If it weren't, it wouldn't be nearly as interesting/useful as it is.  In other words, it's that way by design.
However - for all practical purposes - it's not unreasonable to say that most people would consider the network using the rules described by the code of the current release of the Bitcoin Core reference client is "the real Bitcoin".
@_date: 2018-12-19 13:12:42


It would be a centralised shitcoin, like a million others, and have no inherent value.
What would be the point of such a thing?
@_date: 2019-05-11 19:05:39
How so? They’re all different approaches to the concept of money.
@_date: 2019-05-30 16:04:04


That's not logically consistent at all and it's amazing how much you can get wrong in such a short couple of sentences.
I actually think that most "crypto" exchange value is driven by speculation, not emotion.  That is, most of the people buying and selling don't actually care about it at all and are just buying and selling in order to increase their total value.  So not only is it not "solely" driven by emotion, I don't think it's even *primarily* driven by emotion.
I suspect there is a significant emotional aspect to much of the space, however I don't think it's easily quantifiable, nor do I think that a change in exchange rate could ever be evidence for this alone - it'd need to be cross referenced with something that can be shown to influence the emotions of people involved with it.
When you use the phrase "...driven by...", you need to be define better what you're talking about.  I'm pretty sure - based on the sentence prior - that you're talking about the exchange rate.  This is one of the least interesting things about Bitcoin, so taking it as a given when saying something is "driven by" something else is either dishonest or stupid.
And lastly: Not all "crypto" is the same.  I generally put the term in quotes because I consider it not only useless, but in fact harmful.  It's a strange term that somehow includes Bitcoin, Ethereum, ERC20 tokens, Dash, Monero, Iota, and Ripple, but doesn't include airline miles, loyalty points, or World of Warcraft gold.  I would challenge anyone to find a single meaningful property that all "crypto" has but those other things don't.  This kind of lumping together allows people to dismiss actually interesting things (e.g. Bitcoin) because of obvious flaws in totally unrelated systems (e.g. Iota).
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:50:55
Bitcoin already has over 85% dominance.
"Market cap" is a meaningless and gameable metric.  When it comes to real world usage, public perception, etc. I'd estimate that Bitcoin is closer to 100% than it is to 99%.
@_date: 2018-12-19 07:47:33


This is true of any currency.


That's utterly false and even only claimable if you cherry pick a very specific timeframe (roughly, the last 1 year).


This is also untrue.  The amount of mining can decrease (and thereby decrease the total cost of electricity to do it) without influencing the functionality of the network.  Mining provides network security, not network functionality.  It's in everyone's best interest that it doesn't drop too low, but the game theory of it ensures this should never happen.


It is extremely **under**valued... if that's what you meant, I'll agree.  There are very few currencies worth as little as bitcoin is worth.
The problem with people thinking it's overvalued is that they think "1 BTC" is the 'unit' of bitcoin.  It isn't.  1 satoshi is the unit.  The current cost of bitcoin per unit is fractions of a cent.  The total aggregate value of all circulating money in bitcoin is tiny compared to any other currency.
In short: It's undervalued by any reasonable measure of a currency.


I treat it as a currency.  There are people who treat it as a speculative asset.  There are also people who treat the Euro, Japanese Yen, and Emirati Dirham as speculative assets, while others treat them as currencies.  I'd certainly like to see greater adoption of BTC as a currency, but just because there are people treating it as a speculative asset, doesn't mean it *can't* be a currency.


Actually, if you use it (which I do, daily), you don't care much about swings in the exchange rate to fiat.  I get paid in euro, and my expenses are denominated in euro.  That means that when the exchange rate is lower, everything costs more BTC than it did last month, but I also earn more BTC than I did last month.  When the exchange rate is higher, I get less BTC from my pay, but things also cost less.  It's pretty much even in the end.  It's actually the *investor* type of people that have to pay more attention to the exchange rate, not those of us who use it.
@_date: 2018-12-31 08:03:18
It's when the number of freshly minted bitcoins is halved per block.  It happens every 210000 blocks (approximately 4 years since blocks are produced every 10 minutes on average).
That is: when bitcoin started, there were 50 new bitcoins in every block that was mined.  After the first halving, it halved to 25 new bitcoin per block.  After the most recent one, it halved to 12.5 new bitcoin per block.  Next time (some time in 2020), it'll halve to 6.25 new bitcoin per block.  The one after that (around 2024), it'll go down to 3.125.
The effect of this is *either* that the value of bitcoin will rise as the supply of new coins decreases OR the reward that miners get makes it unprofitable to mine and the global hash rate will decrease to a new equilibrium.
It's important to keep in mind that for the exchange rate value of fiat measured in USD to remain stable, one block worth of USD ($48500 right now) must enter bitcoin every block production (i.e. 10 minutes).  If this remains the same, but the supply of new coins halves, it's expected that the exchange rate value will go up.  This is what has been seen (in simple terms; reality is always messy) in previous halvings as opposed to miners going out of business.
@_date: 2019-05-05 07:35:40


This is not true at all.  Both you and I have very close to zero influence over the rules of the currency.  Sure, you're twice as rich as me, but there's nothing wrong with person A having more money than person B.  It's when person A has more say over how money works than person B that problems occur, and that's *exactly* what Bitcoin solves.
@_date: 2018-12-08 08:23:47
Desirability somehow seems more complex to explain if it's not immediately obvious to someone.  It was immediately obvious to me once I understood the fundamental aspects of the system, so I always have trouble explaining why to others.
In case you're not familiar with the fundamental aspects (which make the desirability obvious to me), they are:
* A global ledger...
* which is immutable (can never be altered)...
* and is decentralised (has no one who can arbitrarily decide on things being written to the ledger against the rules that everyone agrees to)...
* and ensures the immutability/security through provable energy expenditure (can't be faked or worked around according to all current understandings of physics)...
If this doesn't make it obvious for you, hit me back with another reply and I'll try my best to elucidate once I have more time.
Briefly regarding other coins:
1. The vast majority of other coins don't fulfil the fundamental properties I outlined above.  In order to add some "cool feature" that they tout as useful, they generally sacrifice something.  Often, this is decentralisation, which makes it extraordinarily vulnerable to attack from hostile actors such as governments.
2. In cases where they *do* fulfil the above features, they tend to just be clones that offer no advantages over bitcoin, or can have their advantages ported in to bitcoin.  Examples are litecoin and bcash.  They sometimes have fundamental conceptual differences (e.g. bcash's "all on-chain scaling" approach) that will - in time - destroy one of the fundamental properties (in bcash's case, that's decentralisation).  Where they don't (such as litecoin) it's just a case of which has more proof-of-work in its history and is therefore more secure.  Bitcoin has *far* more than the rest **combined**.
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:49:55


That's definitionally true as per the words I bolded.
However that's not the point that the quote or the people agreeing with it are trying to make.
The point is that the behaviour of a lot of business is *morally* and *functionally* equivalent to unlawful extortion and therefore the use of the word "rob" - while hyperbole - isn't unwarranted.
If you want to argue, that's the point to argue against, not whether an actual crime has been committed.
(note that I didn't say whether I agree with the point or not; I was just clarifying it)
@_date: 2018-12-29 06:21:29
How is that relevant to my ability to make a transaction with bitcoin in my possession?
I'll agree that bitcoin that is "on paper" mine but in the possession of someone else is not truly under my control and can be stopped.  But that's because it's not truly mine at that point.  Once I have bitcoin, it doesn't matter where they came from - they're mine, **only** I have the ability to transact with them, and **no one else** has the ability to stop me using them.
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:52:04


I don't see how... can you explain?  I would actually say that my explanation makes no assumption about the relationship of quantity of mining to value of mining, but were I to expand on it in that direction, I'd in fact say that more mining *decreases* the value of it until it disincentives that activity (again, leading to the equilibrium I described).


I don't think it assumes this either, for pretty much the same reason.


Actually, it would be.  Bitcoin would briefly become more profitable to mine in more locations, but as the competition increases and the profit share got lower and lower (remembering that more mining = less profit per miner because the total supply (and therefore profit) remains fixed at 1 block per 10 minutes average), only those miners with the best cost ratio would be able to continue long term.  This of course would always be in a state of flux, so there'd be times that some areas could host mining and times they couldn't.  The only "non stop" mining possible though has to be that with the best cost ratio.


You lost me again here.  What problem are we trying to offset by building more infrastructure?


I fundamentally disagree with this.  Energy is essentially limitless (until the heat death of the universe), it just gets harder and harder (and therefore more and more expensive) to get at it.  You reach a point whereby the cost of harnessing the energy outweighs the value you derive from it, and that's where you say "nope, done, not doing that anymore".
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:17:52
There's nothing wrong with mentioning altcoins or pointing out what you believe might be flaws in bitcoin.
* If your post is *about* altcoins rather than just mentioning them, it's offtopic and therefore should be removed.
* If your post is a low-effort troll bringing up the same tired arguments that have been refuted a thousand times and you'd know that if you just used the search function, it's a troll and therefore should be removed.
I don't think anyone here would mind at all if there were some new arguments against bitcoin put forward for discussion.  What we don't want to see are the same arguments over and over again or posts that have nothing at all to do with Bitcoin spamming up the subreddit.
If I were a mod here, I'd probably remove this post as well since it's just rubbish and brings nothing useful to the community; but I find the mods here are pretty open to allowing most things that don't explicitly break the rules, so it's also fine that it will disappear from most people's views just by virtue of being downvoted to oblivion.
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:04:28


I completely agree, however I'd even add that there's nothing stopping exchanges from opening one-to-one "lightning-like" payment channels without dealing with the lightning network at all.  Payment channels are a much older idea than Lightning and would cover the vast majority of the needed use case for Exchange&lt;&gt;Exchange transfer.


The main thing stopping it isn't any artificial limit, but actually the channel sizes.  What will solve this well is atomic multipath payments (which could also help with channel rebalancing whenever someone does fire a big transaction off if it's pathed to do so (which it should be if the nodes offer the right kind of financial/fee incentives for that behaviour)).
@_date: 2019-05-15 10:33:43
I agree with you that the guy you're replying to really has no idea what he's talking about, but I just had to reply to one part of this:


This is patently untrue.  Multiple studies show that swearing is generally employed more by happier, healthier, more intelligent, and more successful individuals than those that are less happy, less healthy, less intelligent, and less successful.
That doesn't mean swearing will make you smarter, nor that if you don't swear, you're not smart; but just statistically speaking, there is a definite correlation there.
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:16:57
Germany can be a little behind for that sort of thing due to a relatively conservative approach to technology in daily life.
Most of the world has had grocery delivery for many years and have had a chance to iterate on it and improve things.  Germany is just starting to experiment with it now, so it's definitely still very "first generation service".
@_date: 2018-12-11 12:16:22
I was mostly just making fun of the person writing it with an "m" instead of an "n" at the end.
I'm aware of and stick to the capital "B" = protocol, lowercase "b" = coin.  However, I will always capitalise the first word in a sentence, so whether talking about the coin or the protocol, it's "Bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-05-11 08:10:31
If you're going to post a pretty infographic, it'd be nice if you also posted a link to the source (especially given that a source is written on the image).  The first question that should come in to anyone's mind when seeing this is "how did they collect the data?" and to know that, we need to see the source.
When I search for that source, the best I can find is [this pdf]( but it doesn't contain that chart nor the data to create that chart nor even much about the methodology.  Assuming the data is from the same survey, just not in that report, the best I can see is:


How these participants were selected is unclear, the sample size is very small for such a broad topic, and there's no indication of where this question (if at all) fits around other questions that may alter participants answers.  These factors (and more) indicate to me that the results are next to meaningless.
@_date: 2019-05-03 04:00:07
Almost every good wallet on the planet already implements different ways to display the value.  Many even default to displaying in satoshis.
Personally, I've had most of my interfaces set to mBTC for a couple of years now.
This "concern" appears over and over here in and has been discussed to death.  How about you just try using reddit's search function and look at the previous discussions about it?
@_date: 2017-06-12 20:23:18
Oh, ummm... you're wrong and stupid.  You're just a dumb ameritard.
Take your illogical crap system that no one else uses and keep on telling yourself that it's the best while you secretly cry a gallon of tears each night before you sleep.
But don't go trying to figure out what a gallon of your tears weigh without a calculator.  Your crap system doesn't do that easily unlike the vastly superior in every way metric system!
^(How's that?)
@_date: 2019-05-20 14:50:32
After mass adoption, "returns" are a meaningless concept, since you price things in BTC.  That's like talking about the returns on the dollar in your pocket.
There still would be slight volatility as there is no artificial supply to try to set a certain level of inflation (or deflation) and so natural market growth and shrinkage would alter the value of bitcoin that you have, but it'd be very small.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:29:19
Not in general, but not to give false expectations:
* I get paid in fiat and have some automatic monthly bills (power, kids school fees, etc) that go out in fiat.
* I transfer some fiat to my wife, since she prefers it still (and she doesn't work).  This mostly goes on her personal things, petrol for her car, etc.  It doesn't cover any of our major regular expenses.
* I convert 100% of the remainder of my income after monthly bills and the money for my wife to bitcoin.
* I pay with BTC where ever I can, and have convinced a few people to accept it from me (biggest ones being my landlord and local small grocery store).
* For everything else, I pay with a credit card that was issued in Australia, and then pay it off using LivingRoomOfSatoshi.
* My daughter (and soon my son after his next birthday) gets half her pocket money in fiat from my wife and half in bitcoin from me.
* If I feel that I'm sitting on too much liquid money at any point, I invest some of it in traditional investments.  Although they may not return as well as bitcoin in the long run, they're more stable in the short run.  That means I'll almost certainly never be a "crypto millionaire", but I'm not in it for getting rich, I'm in it because I believe that a world with bitcoin and the financial freedom/sovereignty it provides is better than a world without it.
@_date: 2018-12-10 12:31:41
It's not the kind of thing I normally speculate on, but I also did notice most people assuming "eat" really meant "consume" (as in, remove, chew, swallow, etc).  I had thought I'd perhaps misinterpreted his original statement and that everyone else had the correct interpretation, but this tweet actually backs up what I thought he first meant (i.e. autofellatio).
Not saying he really did mean that.  Maybe he just came up with that interpretation now, but it definitely was my first interpretation when he initially said it.
@_date: 2017-06-30 19:39:03
So, why is it that developed countries with free healthcare tend to have lower rates of obesity and other chronic health conditions than developed countries that don't?
@_date: 2018-12-19 10:35:46
I think the article was just badly worded... as far as I read it, they meant:  
  "***cryptocurrency like Bitcoin*** and ***Fortnite V-Bucks virtual currency***"  
not:  
  "cryptocurrency like ***Bitcoin and Fortnite V-Bucks virtual currency***"
That is, they called it a virtual currency, but not a cryptocurrency.  Of course both interpretations are open since English is pretty imprecise for that sort of thing.
@_date: 2018-12-31 15:09:56
Sure, I got some at that exchange rate.  I also got some at 1/10000 of that.
My rationale is that it's a better form of money and the exchange rate from a worse form of money is essentially irrelevant to me for all practical purposes.  I don't want euro (the predominant fiat where I live) and I do want bitcoin, so any time I have euro, I'll get rid of it for bitcoin at whatever the going rate currently is.
@_date: 2018-12-06 12:45:14
Simple solution: pay for your groceries with BTC (works (about 90%) for me).
@_date: 2018-12-20 14:56:16


Sure, if I *had* both fiat and bitcoin, I'd spend the fiat to get rid of it because it's the least valuable to me of the two... but I don't.  I *only* have bitcoin, so that's what I spend.
@_date: 2018-12-11 16:01:08


Can you answer me these questions:
* What is a blockchain?
* What is the benefit to using a blockchain vs other data structures?
* What technologies form a fundamental part of bitcoin that aren't blockchain?
* What functionalities do these technologies provide that are or are not necessary for a blockchain to be useful?
If you can't, then you have no fucking clue what bitcoin is and also no fucking clue why it would or would not be useful in "B2B or healthcare transactions".
@_date: 2019-05-29 08:54:05
[Atomic Multipath Payments](
@_date: 2019-05-14 03:28:52
The US just needs to catch up with other more civilised countries that already treat it like a currency.
If enough people use it as such, the pressure will be too much for them not to change their classification/behaviour towards it.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:42:13
Which - believe it or not - some of us really don't care about, which is kind of the point of the OP's post.
@_date: 2018-12-19 15:48:37
I just see growth of key technologies, more interesting ideas and developments around privacy, more adoption, more interest from larger institutions... the exchange rate to fiat is just a side distraction that spams up reddit and other forums.
I don't feel that 2018 has really been all that different to 2014 was.  We had similar downwards exchange rate movement then, but also a lot of interesting new technological improvements and things getting built.  If history at least rhymes, next year we should see more practical implementations of a lot of the technologies that are currently in their "proof of concept" phases which will then spark more general interest again (probably slowly leading to another sudden spike in the exchange rate, but whether that does or doesn't happen isn't too important).
@_date: 2018-12-11 14:30:53


Yes, absolutely.  If it's necessary, it's not even that hard to do.


Yes, with the note that you need to be careful with your wording.  It doesn't actually create any more, it just allows for the existing to be subdivided further.  That's important since "creating more" implies that you've generated new currency out of nothing, which violates the fundamental aspect of bitcoin's limited supply.  Dividing what's there doesn't change the answer to the question "*how much of the total supply does each person have?*" which is really what's important.
It's probably also worth noting though that lower and lower amounts will get lost as:
1. It becomes more valuable
2. We get better user experience making it harder to accidentally lose
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:23:31
Yep.  The problem is that people think: "oh, he made money, he must be smart, so I should listen to him"; when the reality is of course that he isn't likely to be any better at describing the value proposition of Bitcoin than any other random person on the street.