@_author: dalerian
@_date: 2017-12-30 02:25:21
I don't know enough about the consequences of major sea level drops to be able to comment, sorry.  Where would the water go?  What would happen to oceanic currents?  What would the impact on global weather systems be?  How would it impact national boundaries?  How would it impact ocean wildlife and the people who rely on it?
Without knowing any of that, I can't say. So, I'd err on the side of caution and probably not be ok with it.
I'll leave the fairy-tale part unanswered.  As you say, it's just trolling. :)
@_date: 2017-12-28 01:05:08
We're not fubar, and might not become so.
But there are trends that if they continue, we will be.  (Not the planet, but humans in the lifestyle we expect.)  Most environmentalists are concerned that we're not changing those trends.  (No, it's not a popularity contest, but a scientific consensus is usually more reliable than an outlier.)
Using water levels as one (of many) examples - there's a degree of water level rise where we can manage with dykes etc.  There's also a level where vulnerable places flood beyond being manageable.  
If/when that happens, those millions of people affected aren't just going to drown quietly.
Add in that some of the causes pass a point of no return before the impacts are fully felt, and there's reason for concern.
Planting trees helps, but there's a lot more than that needed.
And yes, water levels rose (a lot) since the last glaciation.  But at the point prior to that rise, we didn't have a global inter-reliant civilisation.  Our population was a tiny proportion of what it is now - it's easier to move a small tribe to the hills than to move 7.6 billion people.
@_date: 2017-11-28 06:00:03
The question is never 'has the Earth seen worse?'
You're right that Earth has seen worse.
Nothing we could do could ever compete with the hadean or late heavy bombardment times, after all.
But that's irrelevant.
The question is whether we can/do have an impact that's detrimental to ourselves as a species (and to some people, to other species). 
Hypothetically, if we caused a 20m sea level raise, the impact would still be insignificant compared to the hadean or cryogenic, but it'd cause us a lot of problems.
Earth itself would be fine. We'd be fubar.