@_author: damavox
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:48:59
I ordered on 4/7 at 5:30pm using zipzap order When My coins was not there by the early morning of 4/8 i began contacting support first they claim they was "createing a internal support ticket" even though they showed no proof. Then they claimed they was pushing my order through. 2 days later still no resullt. And then i was told i was on the 4/10 support list. SERIORIOUSLY? This shits getting old real fast and i put it like that b/c i notice about all there support is spending more time on the forums trying to feed people BS then actually trying to help push the orders though. As far as the bittalkforum is concerned anyway. and once you call them on feeding you BS they get an attitube and start being smart asses (again on the bittalk forum). Point is they expect their money before hand so we expect to get our coins within a decent amount of time and if it is going to be longer we expect to be for-warned. Its not like they didn't see it coming. 
THE THING THAT GETS ME ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BS I AM BEING FEED TO GET ME TO "SHUT UP" IS THEY CAN'T EVEN FILL ORDERS FROM 3 DAYS AGO AND THEY ARE STILL TAKING NEW ORDERS.
 
anyway I heard the support person here was alot better so i am posting this here as well in search of hoping to get my order completed today.
P.S.  to the support person on this page i don't mean to offend you by the above statments they are not directed at you unless you are the same person from the forums. I just want a honest explanation and more importantly my bitcoins today and i am only able to give you my zipzap order # because i never received a order id # or email from bitinstant.. thanks
@_date: 2013-04-15 12:42:15
I have sent bitinstant and you all my order details. paid using zipzap, when i contacted support i even through in my btc wallet address and i still have not seen a result even after i completed a different set of instructions each to get this resolved. what is going on?
4/7 : Cash deposit, zipzap confirmed bitisntant has my money. nothing received
4/8 : Was told order was manually pushed, nothing received
4/9: Was told i would be on the 4/10 support list, still nothing received
4/10: Was told to send you my email address still nothing received.
4/11: Was told to use bitinstant.com/contact, created a support tickey,again also included not only my zipzap order # but also my btc address. Used bitfloor to make another deposit got instant results.
4/12: Nothing received
4/13: Nothing received
4/14: Asked ursay on the forums what was going on, was ignored and nothing received.
4/15: Making another attempt to contact bitisntant via forums and reddit to find out what the problem is. zipzap has confirmed bitinstant has my money and susposely bitisntant now does "direct to BTC address deposit" so why am i still having to wait regardless of pushing my order through or not?
zipzap order  760496034 
btc address  1ACVYW2pGxoB9Kf2oJQ9Qed7Pawp3FZu4t
@_date: 2013-04-15 12:45:10
bitinstant*