@_author: damienix
@_date: 2017-11-25 08:54:02
Unless he just meant Bitcoin Cash...
@_date: 2017-10-22 11:24:10
The upcoming fork is a bit complicated topic. I'll try to explain it in just a few simple sentences.
The fork will increase capacity of the network which in theory is good. Unfortulately, because the way it's to be introduced - is very questionable fork. It's going to be introduced "at short notice" and there is no "reply protection" which means makes it worse than a normal fork.
Normally, after the fork you get 2 separate chains, 2 chains that share the same history but from certain point (the fork moment) they live separate lives. E.g. when Bitcoin Cash forked from the main chain, every 1 BTC from the past become 1 BTC + 1 BCH that you can use in both chains respectively.
In this case, no reply protection means that transactions could "leak" from one chain to another. In practice this means that after the fork your transaction from one chain might appear in the other one too. So:
* You're coins won't evaporate and are safe
* I think it's still not clear what happens to the network (and the Bitcoin clients/miners just before the fork) so you might not be able to use your forked coins in both chains. I think this can be fixed even after the fork.
* You will still be able to use your coins at least in the chain of your choice
In a distant future perhaps only one of the coins will stay alive (or dominant) so you'll have your coins there.
This fork splits crypto-companies, Bitcoin core devs and the miners. So it's highly political problem. The consequences are still not known exactly so it's kinda reckless one. Yet here we are with Bitcoin still being the most popular coin after few past forks on its neck :)
I hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-10-22 08:41:30
Also got my coins stolen by Cryptsy. Although being paranoid student I put some coins on my hard drive and those survived till now. Don’t ever put all your coins into 1 online exchange again.
@_date: 2017-10-22 10:14:40


Looks good. Local paper or digital wallet will be as safe as safe is the piece of paper or your files. Just store them safely and don't share.
I saw somewhere (cannot find the source now) that about 30% exchanges that ever existed were hacked. I can tell you more. I used subsequently 3 exchanges that were hacked afterwards, but I lost some BTC only once (on Cryptsy) because those were altcoins and I just kept them there because it was too complicated to withdraw them all. It's a damn high change the if you keep your BTC online for long enough - you gonna loose it.
The rule of a thumb is that for any sighificant (as for you) amount you just buy it and withdraw. The only reason to keep it in the exchange is for high liquidity. Though even for BTC it shouldn't take more than hour to deposit them back.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:10:00
If you have BTC already then I'd suggest moving to paper wallet right now and deal with it later if needs to be.