@_author: damn1989
@_date: 2016-06-16 07:25:03
I really hope you are right.
I have told them I will leave it another 2 weeks, this makes a month since providing the information, before getting a Lawyer and going totally public with what has happened with all the evidence.
This clearly is not just affecting myself, I didn't do anything special and I'm not anyone special, so how many people just give up in this situation and leave their money with the company? 
In the other thread people were coming out of the woodwork stating that is what they actually did. If their service is so bad that people are giving up trying to get a few hundred dollars back then that quite clearly is a dishonest business practice that is terrible for customers and bodes very well for them.
Apparently it is very easy to hide a practice like that through the rose tinted glasses of being a huge publicly traded company. Shameful. 
@_date: 2016-06-03 05:53:49
From months ago it dropped a hell of a lot.
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:03:10
You must not have fully read through the post, before dismissing this as an over-reaction. 
I spoke directly with support over the phone, they refused to provide any explanation at all and said whether or not my funds would be returned to me is dependent on the outcome of their review. 
Except their review can't be based on anything, because they do not have any documents at all to review, not even my ID.
Let me clarify that further, they are "reviewing" whether or not they get to keep my money on the basis of nothing. That is 10,000USD of my money that I have worked to earn over time that they can decide to keep. Can you take a minute just to imagine how you would feel in that situation?
If you took the time to actually understand what exactly has happened you would not have responded in this way, dismissing this severe issue and calling me "crazy" - honestly, people like you are a dream to companies that behave like this, have you ever considered that?
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:22:42
I don't know why I am bothering to write a response because you clearly are not taking the time to actually read anything! 
I explained this all very clearly in the post you are responding to, why do you not actually read what I spent the time writing to you and that way you won't waste your time asking questions you already know the answers to.
@_date: 2016-06-03 04:39:22
Thank you all so much for the support, I had the worst nights sleep of my life last night. Below is the email I sent to them after I came off the phone. 
My reference to calming down is in regards to when I spoke to them on the phone, after the noted exchange I told them that it is absolutely disgusting how they are treating me and that the service is appalling, although what I said is 100% true I do not like to lose my composure in this way.
"I have calmed down somewhat but I am still extremely concerned about my money. This is a lot of money and according to the telephone support there is some kind of review which will determine if my funds are returned or not. To keep a customers funds when they can provide evidence it is their money is a criminal offence, it is theft.
The only reasonable explanation for this course of events is that when you requested the KYC information, you then attempted to ring the phone registered to the account and upon finding that it was turned off assumed there was some kind of fraud on the account and closed it pending review. But the bank account I'm withdrawing to is in the Bitgold account holders name, I have all the IDs to prove it is myself - I cannot see why such drastic action is needed when you cannot get through to my phone. An email requesting ID would surely suffice for this particular situation, which leads me to believe that the issue is actually that I am trying to withdraw my money, and Bitgold wants to keep it.
I can provide any ID you require, any proof that the bank account is mine and proof this money belongs to me. But on the phone none of this information was even requested of me, so I cannot understand how you can perform any kind of review at this time.
From my perspective I trusted this relatively new company with a large sum of investment from me and I have been totally betrayed firstly by the policies and secondly by the phone support of whom did not care to offer any information or reassurance that you would return my money.
I plan to write a full account of the conclusion of this situation on all bitcoin community forums, all rip-off report websites (if required) and all review websites such as Trustpilot that I can find and I will also contact online news outlets (if required) providing full evidence of this theft should it occur as I suspect.
Why do I think this may result in a theft? Because that is what support told me. That the review would determine if my money is returned to me - I have evidence this was said too.
I need to state very clearly that I will never accept that my hard earned money can be stolen from me in this way. I will do absolutely everything in my power to get it back should you choose to try to steal from me at the conclusion of this "review".
I will contact support again by phone tomorrow at a similar time should I hear nothing back on this email, by that time.
I hope you decide to do the honorable and honest thing and return the funds, with an apology and explanation.
It is so important others are aware of this, imagine if I had put more money in the account over the course of the next year? You could lose your entire life savings to this company doing that and no one has any idea until they try to withdraw their money. 
The idea that a company can hold bitcoins if any come from the dark web is also shocking because they are all mixed, you can never know where they have come from, so it is again just a ploy to steal from people if that is the case.
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:27:41
This is actually what I plan on doing tonight, I'll call the support and discuss the situation again while recording the whole thing.
My only concern is when they realize who I am they will go back to the "We aren't telling you anything" responses that I got the last time. Even if you guys heard how they did that you would be totally shocked, honestly, it is something else to have someone do this to do when you are talking about a substantial amount of your own money and can prove who you are and that it is yours.
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:11:55
I'm so sorry to hear you lost money in this way also.
What actually happened in the end? Did they ever get back to you?
I asked support on the phone when I would get an update and they wouldn't even tell me that, I asked them, so what if you just never contact me again? Their response: You can call us again if you don't hear from us.
It is really disgraceful.
@_date: 2016-06-03 05:59:49
You are the only person in this entire thread (with repeated attempts in fact) trying to stick up for this company's actions, clutching at straws with any farcical speculation that can justify a company stealing someones money, don't you think it is quite clear that you are in fact the one that comes across as having an ulterior motive here? 
I deposited into the Dubai vault with BITCOINS, not from a bank account or credit card, Bitcoins that are mine. They had no problem accepting my money. When I've attempted to withdraw my money, which I can choose to do when I want for whatever reason I want, it has been rejected and my account closed. 
I keep seeing a link to "an official response" from them, where they state that they asked for documents from me and I refused provide them, this is 100% a lie - maybe that's why it seems they deleted that assertion. Because I can prove otherwise.
After speaking with them on the phone they have essentially told me that they can keep the money if it fails their "review". A review of what information? They have no information to review, what kind of review can be undertaken when they have no information?
They do not have any documents from me, that I can recall, and have not even asked for my documents because after the email they sent asking for them, they sent sent a follow up email shortly afterwards saying the account was closed, obviously nullifying the original request for the documents. They did not care what documents I had.
I stated on the phone to them, in emails to them also, that I can prove this money is mine - not that I should have to at this point, because it was accepted in the first place - and still they have asked for no information in order to make this review. How does that make sense to you then?
I don't know what you have to gain by trying to smear my credibility but it will not be successful - I  have posted this on Reddit and on another forum and forwarded these posts to them, so as I told them I would, I will make a running review out of this situation to let everyone know how they treat their investors - If they STEAL my money under the pathetic guises that you too have put forward (maybe its not his money, I can prove it. Thanks) then the whole world will know about it too.
@_date: 2016-06-02 15:56:02
I've just gotten off the phone with this company, I am disgusted by this "company". I even asked the customer representative point blank if it is a scam, here's why:-
1.) When will I get my money back? "The account is with the compliance team, I can't give you any information until after the review".
2.) Ok, but after the review is the decision to allow me to receive the funds or just keep my money? "I can't tell you that."
3.) Are you kidding? There is a possibility you will just steal my money?! "I can't give you any information"
4.) Do I need to contact a solicitor about this, because I know you operate within Canada and if I can prove the source of my money you cannot legally steal my money in this way. "We will let you know the result of the review"
5.) When will I get this result? "I can't tell you this"
6.) What about a time frame, a day, a week? "If you don't hear from us then you can call us"
That is when I told them I think this treatment is absolutely disgusting.
I now believe quite confidently that this company has stolen 10,000USD of my money, just like that.
@_date: 2016-06-16 13:46:51
After the initial phone call there was nothing to comply with, they were not interested in receiving any documents at that point.
Aside from spending $3000USD on a Lawyer what else could have been done in that situation?
I have not thrown a hissy fit at all, I've actually been congratulated on how calmly I have been handling this, I wrote the facts of the situation publicly and in doing so was then "gifted" with the "opportunity" to have my money returned to me. But I gave more than what was requested of me and I'm now being ignored.
In reference to your final point, saying that I am not complying, I gave the documents within 3hrs of receiving the request. How much more complicit do you want me to be?
I can see that you are not sticking up for this company at all but your perspective implies that I have somehow shown resistance to following the "rules" when that is not the case.
This could be you, or anyone else from this forum in this position, to be honest I think it has been many in this position and they just gave up. As I said before I'm not going to let this go, not in a million years. 
I'm not some millionaire that can brush off 10,000USD, if you think I am "bitching" because I don't want to lose 10,000USD then maybe you can afford to lose that amount, at the whim of some dishonest company, but I cannot.
@_date: 2016-06-16 12:02:00
I really appreciate your comment, this is a really stressful time for me.
@_date: 2016-06-16 08:39:29
At one point this would have been a great idea to me, after recent experiences I would advise anyone to strongly reconsider putting bitcoin money into the system in this way.
If there was a financial war and on one side is BitCoin and on the other centralized banking and they are battling to gain power the method of attack for BitCoin is simply existing and growing in popularity as Banks steal from people more and more.
However, the weapon of the banks is not bashing bitcoins overtly but making it as difficult as possible to put Bitcoins INTO the banks and treating us like second class citizens within the banking sector. This forces us to take big financial risks if we make the "mistake" of using Bitcoin in any significant amount.
I think this situation will one day resolve but for now, my advice, based on recent experience is to get a Bitcoin debit card and leave your money in Bitcoins for good. 
For any of us long term users that came in very early there is plenty of room for the value to change up or down for that to make sense to do, but lets face it, we made a great investment with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:14:50
For the same reason that some people here can't seem to believe that this has happened to me.
We see a company that a lot of money that has been mentioned by CNN etc etc and assume they will behave professionally because of their size.
@_date: 2016-05-22 07:28:25
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:22:06
The Chinese miners mine the bitcoins and sell them above market rate to Chinese millionaires for cash who need to move their money out of the country.
I thought the people here were supposed to be intelligent?
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:25:08
How is this propaganda? It is a fact, it isn't possible to receive money like this in your accounts any more if you are a normal person. Even in offshore accounts it is pretty much impossible unless you are an established multi-millionaire. 
Not in a million years is any bank in the world today going to allow you to recieve an isolated payment of over 500,000USD unless you take the contract of you selling your house into the bank with your solicitor - aside from that you will be labelled high risk and they will close your account!
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:42:46
It appears you are very in the know, I can assure you there are many millionaire chinese business people who have no idea how to get money out of China.
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:23:53
You clearly have never tried to receive any real amount of money to your bank before, so why are you commenting as though you know what you are talking about? Don't waste your time! This is something someone I know has tried to do, through local accounts and offshore accounts too, trying for months and months to do - but you come in and say "wrong" and that's that? Please!
@_date: 2016-05-31 16:11:02
I'm not trying to create an argument between the two of us, but please accept that this is wrong.
Banks are no longer delighted to receive large international payments, rather, they avoid them at all costs - especially from something stigmatized like bitcoin. We are second class citizens to the banking sector right now unfortunately.
If you do not believe me you will more than likely find this out for yourself one day.
@_date: 2016-05-31 16:18:16
I don't think you guys quite understand how the Chinese economy works. A lot of money there is not "clean" money and needs to be kept off the radar and moved offshore to new investments, this is why BitCoin is perfect.
Basically BitCoin is a lot easier than travelling with loads of cash to Macau or Hong Kong.
Also many Chinese manufacturers are starting to work in BitCoins, its beneficial for both parties, i.e money hidden from the government.
This is money laundering 2.0 and the Chinese are specialists in money laundering. I'm not saying this is the only cause but certainly the Chinese are using Bitcoins for this purpose with large volume.