@_author: damosdaze
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:53:57
Am I mistaken in recalling that many SegWit (but not 2X) supporting *signatories* to the NYA backed out after SegWit activation? My apologies if I’m misremembering.
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:34:29
There was overwhelming support for the 2X part of SegWit2X also from my recollection, until SegWit activated and those stakeholders pulled out of the block size increase. That’s always been a mystifying move to me. Could have prevented most of this by honoring the agreement. I think..
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:29:32
“The problem is that it's not being widely used.”
Not to point out the obvious, but by definition that means it isn’t working. Meanwhile, over in BCH... ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Edit: shruggy dude’s arm
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:52:03
I wasn’t around enough here to see the fine detail of how the discussion played so I won’t debate you there. So much he said she said in this that I find tragically divisive. I have opinions but I’m not here to judge you or anyone else with them.
The current line of thought here is based on the observation that the near-term scaling solution in place for BTC isn’t working, for whatever reason (no hate or conspiracy theories necessary, just an observation), and it seems *something* needs to be done aside from ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ and blame a plurality of stakeholders for not getting with the program. The fact that there is such a rift is a sign the stakeholders are not aligned enough to grow forward. It should raise some concerns and trigger some critical dialogue, I would hope, even though the moderation philosophy here is a bit restrictive (no hate, promise). 
@_date: 2017-12-21 06:31:47
Really? Like, really really? This really isn’t what it was supposed to be, friends. How we build things, the values we inject into what we build, and the way we treat each other in the process of building and deploying things, are just as important as the technical specifications of what we build. I encourage us all to reflect on that from time to time.
Wishing you all a happy, healthy, prosperous holiday season. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:40:14
Two questions and one observation come to mind at this juncture:
1) Whose job is it to convince services and users to use SegWit? and,
2) Why are they dragging their feet on implementing it to begin with? The answer to this should be telling of agendas, misgivings, and potential misunderstandings.
Observation: there have been many opportunities (and attempts) up to now to increase the block size. That contingent left bc things got nasty and they were made persona non grata. Saying it would be difficult to do *now* is a strange justification from the contingent that spent so much time actively preventing it. As always, no hate. Just reflecting here.
@_date: 2017-12-21 06:47:30
It’s really not that. I _may_ not believe in LN (I’m not sure and I’m open to being convinced) but that’s completely outside the frame of my issue here. Promise.
The point here is LN does not exist yet and there is no release date. All signs point to months, not weeks. Meanwhile, we have a severe backlog of txs and high fees. We seem to need a *near-term* solution that brings fees down and clears the backlog, esp in light of not just BCH’s shenanigans but a bunch of other cryptos nipping at our heels *right now*. We’ve tried SegWit but for one reason or another it’s not working.
At this moment all I’m trying to understand is if the plan is to wait for LN no matter how bad things get in the meantime, or is some other solution maybe worth exploring? Again, in and for the near term.
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:42:14
The ironic answer to this question is that one _is working_ and it’s not the one you’re implying. 
A less obnoxious and more future-thinking answer based on Bitcoin’s technicals and a presumption that LN will work as intended is: first one, then the other.
@_date: 2017-12-21 06:21:15
I am having so much trouble understanding this frame. So the preferred near-term solution hasn’t been adopted by the industry or users for some odd reason leaving the network vulnerable to (and greatly suffering from) a backlog of slow, expensive transactions, and the response is to tut tut at the spammers rather than find a near-term solution that actually produces the desired result? Would love to understand.
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:56:20
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:42:48
If BCH’s proposed solution wasn’t working as planned, for whatever reason, then yes I would start questioning what the next steps are to solving the problem. Even though it seems to be working now it could certainly reach a point where it no longer does, and THEN (ideally before actually) _I’d start questioning what the next steps are to solving the problem_. 
In business and in movements you don’t just ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ when your plan isn’t working. You figure out why and do something. No complaining or hate necessary. No emotion. It’s a logical, practical concern every entrepreneur or organizer will be familiar with.
Edit: some edits
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:36:47
This is mostly fine. I’m not particularly dogmatic either way. What I want to know is why the BTC side of this debate seems opposed to temporary scaling solutions like bigger blocks _at least until_ LN is ready. It never had to be an either/or. It _still_ doesn’t need to be either/or.
There’s an old saying about making the perfect the enemy of the good. And another about crawling before you can walk (before you can run before you can fly). Where would the US economy be if it waited for teleportation irl instead of creating the interstate highway system?
Probably the same place BTC unfortunately is with high fees or poor performance.
I. Just. Don’t. Get. It.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:59:06
If LN is coming in weeks, or a month or so, that may just work! I’m concerned what I’m watching however is “this is fine” playing out before my eyes. 
This is not an expression of bad faith in BTC. No FUD. I care about the success of this movement. This is an observation and attempt at productive dialogue, with respect for all involved.
There are practical, real-world implications to BTC running slow and expensive for an extended period of time. Payment processors adopting other tokens, exchanges creating new trading pairs, hash power battles. All the infrastructure BTC dominates thanks to its first mover advantage _seems to be_ slowly slipping away, but it doesn’t need to. 
Not a sermon, just a thought.
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:48:07
Or they can just, ya know, use the competitive product that works as advertised.
IMO, and I truly mean this with no disrespect, your reply strikes me as the definition of the “this is fine” meme. Like, it’s not enough to have a solution that theoretically makes something possible. What’s needed right now - in real life- is a solution that actually *solves the problem*. Like, in practice. Actually. Manifest. 
I’ve never typed this before, but I feel like I’m taking crazy pills. 
@_date: 2018-08-08 05:04:57
This guys gets it.
@_date: 2017-03-17 12:21:47
Infinite cycle? Tell that to Myspace and facebook. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:28:23
Or how about the fact that the Wright Brother’s flier and Edison’s *first* lightbulb weren’t the products that revolutionized their markets? 
Can we name a single technical revolution where the first proof of concept wound up being the dominant player in a mature field
This has been troubling me.
@_date: 2017-05-30 02:05:53
I could be wrong but i see no way in which ethereum is actually dependent on legacy systems, but rather the value prop is it's ability to both facilitate wildly new systems AND integrate with what we've already got. The value prop to legacy systems is incredible cost and infrastructure efficiencies (among other things). That's why they're jumping in. But I'll be amazed if many of them aren't innovated right out of the top spots based on the foundational potential of blockchain based enterprises.
Edit: a letter
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:23:22
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-05-30 03:57:29
Depends entirely on whether a toxic, split community can bring their underlying asset back on the rails. I opened my position in Eth bc i believe in its incredible value prop. I closed my position in btc bc I'm horrified by the community which is quickly squandering its first mover advantage which accounts for most of it's appeal and continued market dominance. 
I *could* see the flippening by August. Or never if the community pulls together. I'm agnostic at this point but as always wish everyone the best. We're on a ride towards collective abundance. By the time blockchain technology matures these arguments over platforms, the major gains and losses of fiat wealth, and all these trading games to amass points (money) may all seem petty and irrelevant.
Don't get me wrong. Im trading and hodling, but im way more interested in how society is about to change for the better and lift all boats.
Edit: letters, words, and stuff
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:27:25
I have a buttload of experience with movement politics and innovation cycle dynamics. The difference in community between btc and eth could not be more stark. It's sad bc I used to adore btc and our community. Now all that's talked about is price and politics. Look at the eth community and sure there's plenty of trading chatter but theres also an INCREDIBLE amount of innovation, idea sharing, good will, and good news. It's jaw dropping, exhilarating, it's what you're looking for if you came here for radical society-changing tech that may just get you rich.
I won't belabor the point further, but rather just encourage you with good will and best wishes to look objectively at both environments. Nice chatting with you, friend.
Edit: i really hope you're right!
@_date: 2017-05-30 05:49:28
One of my all time favorite and most cited quotes. Epic reference.
@_date: 2017-05-30 05:27:15
This is the gap between btc and eth presenting itself. Bitcoin lost its oomph. ::insert shruggy::
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:43:10
"As it has no use"
I have such a hard time taking this statement seriously. Like, is this subtle trollery? I just.. I can't.
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:05:51
Go to coinmarketcap.com and navigate to their overall rankings page. Start clicking. Many of these are built on ethereum, and some of them are mindblowingly valuable use cases made possible with smart contracts. There's also a lot of snake oil. So it goes.
If my btc compatriots (bought my first at ~$22) truly looked at the innovation, support, and community building with the within the ethereum ecosystem, you may just come to the same conclusion i have and move most if not all of your hodlings.
My background is in advocacy and innovation. I've been building, advocating for, or pontificating about socially transformative technologies for about 15 years. Ethereum is one of, if not *the* most transformative technology I've ever seen.
Just $.02 from a dude on the internet.
Edit: letters and punctuation.