@_author: dan1326
@_date: 2018-08-10 18:48:55
They won’t sell it to you for bitcoin tho
At least by the looks of the checkout on the website
@_date: 2018-10-26 15:38:04
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:29:12
Alright dude. 
I found your ShionKeys FreeBSD board, your obviously from China and obviously an entrepreneur who is being directly hindered by taxes and mismanaged government
How can you advocate for paying taxes to your country when it is the taxes that is holding you down. When you mentioned “poverty is the reason I don’t have a website” and “websites in China have formalities and costs” that is exactly the reason you should bail on China and go elsewhere in order to prove the argument your trying to make. 
If you think citizens can and should go pay taxes to another country they support more, DO IT
If you are afraid of governmental retribution of what you post on reddit then I’m afraid you are in more of a authoritarian government than I am my friend 
Your quotes from: 
“You do not understand China. In China, if a website needs to go smoothly and smoothly, it must go through the formalities of the government (filing), and these will bring me a lot of things / costs. If you bypass the filing, you will face even more bad problems in the future. In fact, I log in to this community are used agent. isp blocked FreeBSD” -taxes that hinder users on the internet 
“ShionKeys has quietly raised money on indiegogo, and the situation is not good. (Some evil people/strength are suppressing my efforts)” - are these real threats or just paranoia? If they are real and from the government you might want to rethink your allegiances 
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:48:15
I don’t make mistakes.
You are ignorant  if you think a corrupted country or dictatorship is gonna let its citizens high tail it out of there and go pay their taxes somewhere else. People will die fleeing 
I think you need to define country because when you say that to me, yes it obviously means the government that runs it
@_date: 2018-07-23 00:59:21
Dare me to pay taxes .. haha not today IRS
I’m in the US where we are encouraged and have the right protected to vocalize against things we dislike. Like taxes
Where are you from that has you brainwashed so well that you feel compelled to support an entity which has such an abysmal track record 
Government is greedy, they do not care about you, if you don’t keep your government in check they will force their will upon you. Quit being ignorant 
The government is not your friend snap out of it
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:05:09
Confirming nationality has nothing to do with my point
So your saying it’s ok for the government to tax people as much as they see fit?
What you think is the governments work is probably much more than it needs to be. Government is inherently not efficient and uses its resources poorly and for its own benefit, not for the benefit of the people 
And if you say “I can’t say too much people are watching me” maybe you should think about abandoning your government because that doesn’t sound very healthy. 
You should be able to criticize your government without repercussion and if you truly feel something you say online can land you in jail or worse, you obviously value your speech and ideals more than your government does 
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:42:11
Is it the responsibility of the citizen to pay exorbitant taxes just because your government says so?
@_date: 2018-07-24 00:50:30
You don’t get far calling people stupid and idiots. 
You obviously are also too dumb to realize the point I’m trying to even make to you
It has been established that we pay taxes on our income yes, but my first posit was “is it the citizens responsibility to pay exorbitant taxes” to which the answer is NO. You should not let your government tax it’s people into poverty in anyway and the levels of taxation that you agree with are probably way too high for a healthy society. 
It is economically advantageous for a country to not tax above 18% of its gdp, which means its people should not be taxed higher than 18% of their income. If you are taxed more as a people, the government is inhibiting economic growth and therefor doing its citizens a disservice. 
Leave it to the people to report their earnings as they see fit, if they want to get their assets taken for tax evasion that’s on them. 
Adding regulatory agencies and entities only inhibits growth and increases costs for everyone. 
Therefor I’m against whatever your proposing
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:09:00
This completely counters your other point. In another thread you say it’s the duty of citizens to pay taxes to their country. 
Your so backwards it’s hilarious! You contradict yourself. 
@_date: 2018-07-22 18:10:51
If people invest in the mining portion and rely on the established grid for electricity they are impacting and straining the countries resources by forcing the grid to provide that power, I would assume some of those mining factories could have a larger impact to vehicles if they scale accordingly. 
Not trying to Shut down your point down but I thought that was a valid caveat as you mention ones it would be a reason to have lower taxes, so perhaps you meant “non mining investment gains”
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:38:32
Stupidity hah
Do you think pol pot would let his citizens pay taxes to other countries? Do you think it was his governments responsibility or murder it’s citizens? Gtfoh with “government of choice”
I don’t want to pay any country taxes more than what is necessary to maintain infrastructure. There’s no government out there worthy of my money so don’t tell me I can just go elsewhere 
You obviously don’t understand what your talking about. There’s aren’t many countries you can just buy citizenship from like you could in Switzerland. And even then it’s not guaranteed unless your a high contributing member of society. 
American citizens that leave the us are technically still supposed to pay taxes to the US so get out of here with your BS