@_author: danap_
@_date: 2015-12-04 03:21:03
Please do research so you understand how these basic cryptographic system's work and stop misadvising the public.
@_date: 2015-12-04 03:19:00
I think Coinbase is not innovative enough to last.
@_date: 2015-11-19 23:30:03
I have to edit this out (don't have time).
I would encourage you to look into game theory. My advice is to pay attention to how your algorithm adopts the economic attributes of Bitcoin, and thus exponentially incentivizes breaking it over time.
I really don't have anymore time. Going to briefly respond to this other guy, then I'm done with this thread.
Good luck though.
@_date: 2015-11-19 23:16:53
If you don't like this kind of behavior from exchanges, see LZF.com - Properly incentivized markets, which take a mathematical approach to preventing these situations from occurring in the first place rather than implementing retroactively responding policies.
And in case you missed the news a couple of months ago, LZF.com is also the only Bitcoin exchange legally operating in 49 U.S. States and internationally. USD funds are 100% insured. 
@_date: 2015-11-19 23:31:58
Please understand that I came on here to give a warning, not educate you on every single detail of someone else's algorithm that I'm really not even that interested in.
If you don't believe me, seek another opinion from one of the core devs (not just any though, someone like Greg Maxwell who is very experienced in cryptographic systems - in fact, he's the only dev of those ones I've spoken with that I feel would be suitable).
I would not use this algorithm at all. But if you're going to, at least put good faith effort into seeking multiple expert's advice.
@_date: 2015-11-18 16:01:50
This is a very bad idea. :) Facebook already has all of the answers to these questions for most millennials. So as long as an attacker has access to the questions, determining the answers is relatively trivial (even if Facebook did not, this is information is still trivial to find for a script kiddie grade hacker). This is absolutely not a good idea for cold storage wallets. Small hot wallets, maybe if you're OK with the increased risk of loss.
Furthermore, the gov't has this meta data on everyone. Using this is just giving more control back to a centralized entity.
@_date: 2015-11-18 16:39:42
The questions you posed are WAY too simple. You could rainbow attack the questions more easily than you could sentences in a book.
It's unlikely that anybody in today's age is going to be able to come up with rememberable questions that are not easily susceptible to rainbow table attacks.
Any deterministic algorithm based on human meta data is vulnerable to attack. You can be upset about his all you want; that's the reality (and it's provable).
And this will be an increasing problem as more people put their data online (and that's happening at an exponential rate with the growth of modern IT).
I applaud you for a "decent" understanding of cryptography. I was content with the first few paragraphs, until I started noticing some inherent weaknesses in your logic from a cryptographic standpoint. I would encourage you to keep practicing and publishing, but don't get upset when someone with more knowledgable than you gives you criticism. This is important for you, but more important for the people who are going to read this and then use your algorithm.
Pro tip: don't speak about your cryptographic algorithms THAT confidently. You're just going to get someone else into trouble because of it. Always accept that it's not proven the moment you publish it. Just because you use it does not dictate provability. Now that I know of this algorithm, since it was published, it would be trivial for me to come up with attacks against it (you should move your cold storage immediately - though, you have my word it won't be me that attacks them).
As for your statement about using private information -- the only private information that's not possible to easily aggregate from contemporary meta data is opinionated data. And this kind of data is susceptible to easy statistical/heuristic attacks. If you aggregate poll data (which is also found on FB quite often) that people might have X opinion to Y question with a 50% probability, then you can start to come up with more complex heuristics that efficiently solves these problems over time such as determining that people with Z attribute have a 20% probability of an answer with B opinion to Y question. Facebook, without question, already has all of this on everyone using their service (that's how they compete) and the NSA is known for developing these kinds of algorithms. Most fortune 500 IT companies do, too.
Everyone -- please do not use this algorithm for your wallets. It's great he's thinking about improving brain wallets, and I'm sure he has good intentions, but this is not cryptographically secure by any means whatsoever. It's an imperfect understanding of cryptography and entropy (though applaudable effort, certainly).
@_date: 2015-11-22 04:07:57
You won't be doing the community a service by supporting this in any way whatsoever. Most of the companies who have chosen to not apply have done so deliberately, not because they cannot afford to.