@_author: danbog
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:32:57
It's still not a compelling argument. There wasn't an established alternative to email that did pretty much exactly the same thing...
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:28:23
Most credit cards don't have monthly fees. The great perks are paid for by businesses and other payment processing partners.
Unfortunately, I can't really speak to the credit card situation in Europe.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:22:55
And more importantly, don't have strong viable alternatives :)
@_date: 2014-03-13 03:18:53
I did take a quick look @ Bitpay- sorry I missed the conversion piece. 0% Transaction Fees didn't translate as "can sell your BTC and give back as currency of your choice."
I meant that the larger players would likely step in with acquisitions, potentially raising prices.
I don't think this is true- in order to stay competitive, companies have to decrease their profit margin. Businesses like Walmart/Target accept these fees as a cost of doing business. Both are still able to offer strong prices. As I also stated elsewhere, I believe merchant agreements with credit cards prevent them from offering cash or BTC discounts.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:43:21
It sounds like you have some sort of vendetta against credit cards.
1. You should change cards. I just got a business card that pays 2% cashback on all purchases (1st year, no annual fee). I have other cards that pay up to 6% in cashback (most with no annual fees). Do your research and you can save a ton of $.
2. Most people don't exchange currency. With more and more credit cards not charging international fees, we're moving toward a cashless card focused world.
3. Businesses who significantly inflate pricing because of fraud are unlikely to remain competitive.
4. This sounds like a lot of very unlikely "what if" scenarios. You do have rights as a cardholder. Credit cards are regulated. All fees are spelled out. 
5. Your one fraud protection imperfect experience is largely insignificant as are my positive experiences. The more important thing is that you got your money back. If this happened with BTC, you'd be SOL.
6. Personal credit cards and business credit cards are both great. They offer useful perks and many benefits to responsible consumers. If you're not using them correctly, that's no one's fault but your own.
@_date: 2014-03-13 03:34:32
I'd take them but I would communicate to give USD next time! Similarly, I'd request that my employees pay me in my currency rather the put burden of converting it on me...
I think merchants are largely accepting BTC due to the publicity it's getting. I don't think BTCs are common gifts so I'm not sure this is applicable.
Lastly, I don't think a significant portion of the population is using Bitcoin. We have some currency speculators but few if any people actually use BTC for everyday transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:30:44
That seems like a lot of what ifs but whatever, dream big, right? :)
I don't really pay for online content, however, I can't imagine that I'd ever go BTC. I'm sure the content providers would still accept traditional payment methods to avoid alienating customers. In this case, it wont matter what price BTC is at...
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:05:22
Out of curiosity:
1. Why do you care about anonymity?
2. Do you have to move money often and pay associated transfer fees? I know I don't and can't imagine that a lot of people do this frequently.
3. Are you really at risk of your bank freezing your account? This generally only happens if you're involved in illicit activities.
I feel like right now, vendors are jumping on the Bitcoin train to get money from people who own BTC. I'm not seeing the bridge that will lead to more consumers wanting BTC. Even if my favorite pizza shop started accepting BTC, I would still pay via credit card to get my 5% cash back...
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:28:36
Would you say there's a reason for Bitcoin to go "mainstream" then?
In the situations you outlined BTC would be an annoyance. Replace BTC with another currency which isn't accepted in your country. In that case, would you push for the currency to be accepted in your country or be pissed to get a gift/payment/favor which is difficult to actually use?
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:26:37
Won't you still have to pay fees for selling BTC? Additionally, it's likely that if BTC ever got big, costs would go up for payment processing.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:13:17
I'm not sure I follow. My bank experiences have been great:
1. Most stuff can be done online- I think I visited a bank like 3x in the last five years.
2. Monthly fees are usually pretty easy to avoid. With direct deposit or an average monthly balance, most accounts waive fees.
3. All you need to enter is your credit card number. You still have to provide address details when paying with BTC, right?
4. Most banks/cards offer protection against all fraud.
5. I don't think bank employees are looking up your transactions or anyone's for that matter. Fraud detection is generally automatic.
6. I have read about this happening occasionally but this sounds like a rare scenario most people won't deal with. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:49:22
1. When is something only available in BTC? Sending money overseas is possible benefit but not something I'd use. How does BTC compare to Paypal, Western Union, and others (when all transaction fees are taken into account)?
2. This isn't going to be a problem for 99% of all consumers. I haven't had to pay any bank fees over the last 5 years....
3. Correct but responsible consumers can enjoy the perks with none of the costs :)
The other benefits outlined are all things most people won't ever use. When would someone like me need to send a million bucks to China? 
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:21:32
Freedom from what? I love my credit cards :)
The consistent fluctuation in BTC value is a lot riskier than inflation.
Efficiency? How is BTC more efficient than a credit card?
What new innovations could come up for BTC that don't exist for traditional payment methods? 
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:55:09
1. Global acceptance is definitely a positive but Bitcoin isn't exactly accepted at a lot of places right now. Besides, there are still exchange related fees for people who actually want to turn BTC into cash. Also worth noting- some credit cards are eliminating international fees. 
2. I want to understand the merits of a BTC as a currency, not an investment vehicle. People stopped paying for stuff with gold coins since the Middle Ages :)
3. Is card theft a real issue? If it happens, your bank will make you whole. In this case, there's a clear benefit to having everything be tracked. On the other hand, if someone steals your laptop which has the only copy of your BTC wallet on it...
4. I don't see how companies will be able to dish out significant discounts which beat existing credit card benefits. Most companies will not feel comfortable holding BTC and will sell it immediately, meaning that they'll have to pay an exchange fee. There will also likely be fees associated with being able to accept BTC in the first place. I don't think companies will be able to take these costs while also giving back up to 5% of the total purchase price. Lastly, most agreements with credit card companies prevent business from providing a discount for paying cash (and likely BTC).
5. Chargebacks are an important tool for consumers. I love the fact that if a company makes a mistake and doesn't fix it, I have a recourse. 
6. Fraud protection is also super important- it lets me know that if I make a mistake and lose my wallet, I'm protected.  There's no assurance of any with BTC so if your wallet is compromised, you're out of luck.
@_date: 2014-03-13 03:23:12
Disagree. I believe that it's just a cost doing business for competitive companies and they take a lower profit margin...
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:30:30
Email isn't comparable to Bitcoin. You don't have to pay to buy it and the value you get out of it is consistent....
@_date: 2014-03-13 03:52:43
I think you're looking at it the wrong way:
Some businesses will do this. Others won't, accepting a reduced profit margin or will cut costs in other ways. Businesses that choose the latter will attract more customers and succeed. Walmart, Costco, and others have been able to do this without overcharging.
I don't really care supporting local businesses and am more focused on saving money. I guess BTC isn't for me then. Not sure why that would change in 5 years...
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:28:21
This seems like a very unlikely scenario. It doesn't make sense to think of random things that could wrong and use that as justification for using Bitcoin.
While BTC related discounts seem appealing, it doesn't appear that they really exist. I also find it unlikely that BTC will ever be able to beat the rewards credit card providers give.
I understand that Bitcoin has merits as a risky investment, however, I wanted to understand its merits as an actual currency.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:23:08
What is the benefit of being able to gamble anonymously? Are you just trying to avoid paying taxes on your winnings?