@_author: dangerreddit05
@_date: 2018-05-17 01:02:50
There is an open debate about whether cryptos are currencies, securities or something else entirely. The point is that it is not yet settled with a consensus view.
It sounds like your position is that it is a currency and like cash deposits in a saving account, it should be free and maybe even earning interest. It's free in a currency situation because the deposits become part of the allowed capital base for the bank, i.e. they can lend your money out to earn revenue from it. It's free because the money they make from your cash is greater than their cost of maintaining your account.
There is also a camp that considers crypto to be a security, so lets compare it to the current model on securities ownership. A holder of shares/bonds/units etc. does not actually physically take possession of a 'share certificate' because in many countries it doesn't actually exist in a physical form. So the investor leaves it with a custodian (who usually also happens to be the broker). Unlike cash, securities cannot be used by the broker/custodian for their own gain (unless you specifically enter into a stock borrow/loan arrangement). This is why they charge a custodian fee.
You don't have to agree with it, but purely from a business perspective, there is a market that needs this service and is willing to pay for it.
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:01:45
It's coming.
* Custody solutions = trading of the underlying, not derivatives.
* For institutions = order size measured in tens of millions.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:38:29
So it would be the whitepaper? Therefore, Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-08-31 09:53:42
Isn't reversing transactions stealing? 
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:30:10
GDP is not a constant. 
For example, the GDP for the US went from 1T in 1970 to 18.5T in 2016.
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:30:11
If you have the mining capacity of 51% of the network, you have 2 options, with the corresponding consequences:
1. Play by the rules. Contribute to the protocol and collect 51% of the mining rewards. Bitcoin continues, the bitcoins you earn as a miner continue to have relatively steady value and you can cash out your holdings as/when you please.
2. Attack the protocol. Perform a 51% attack and steal bitcoins - such an event would be very quickly identified and widely reported. At this point, confidence in the bitcoin protocol would plummet together with the price. The bitcoins you stole become worthless.
Obviously, most rational people would follow option 1, however, there is nothing stopping someone that is irrational or someone with the objective of destroying bitcoin from following option 2.
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:58:47
Oh dear.
@_date: 2018-02-28 09:14:31
Good question. I think they are all equally annoying with some pros/cons. Personally, I find the Trezor to be the easiest.
**Ledger Nano S**
* Pro: You can directly enter the word without needing to unscramble it using a cipher (vs. KeepKey). Seed recovery is done entirely on-device, so reduces possible attack vectors via your PC (vs. KeepKey &amp; Trezor).
* Con: A pain in the ass to use the 2 little buttons on the device to manually scroll through the alphabet and enter word, letter by letter. But at least you only need the first 4 letters.
* Pro: You can use your mouse to click on a 3x3 grid (on your PC screen) to enter the letters. Letters are grouped to fit within the the 3x3 grid, e.g. [A-D], [E-H] etc. Faster and easier than the 2 small buttons on Ledger, and the cipher de-scrambling required on the KeepKey.
* Con: Need to enter the seed words via PC interface, which (theoretically) exposes you to an extra attack vector.
* Pro: You can use your keyboard to enter the letters on your PC screen. Don't need to fiddle with small on device buttons like Ledger.
* Con: Uses a cipher that is displayed on the device screen, and you need to enter the de-scrambled letter according to the cipher. Pain in the ass looking back and forth from screen to device for each letter, and slightly annoying having to type e.g. "a" + "g" + "y" + "3" in order to enter in "dope" seed word. Also, need to enter the seed words via PC interface, which (theoretically) exposes you to an extra attack vector.
@_date: 2018-02-22 08:50:23
Don't fall for the psychological trickery that goes with these neat little sayings. "If it doesn't fit, you must acquit!" is a good example where the human mind falls for such fallacies.
The title of your post sounds like it makes sense, but it is only because it links 2 completely unrelated things: (1) catching falling knives, and (2) rocket to the moon.
Would your motto still hold true if you change the wording a bit?
- it is easier to catch a falling knife than to grab a rising balloon
- it is easier to catch a falling train than to grab a rising rocket
- it is easier to catch a falling snowflake than to grab a rising fart
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:26:22
No snark, just an honest question: who is this for?
Sure it’s fire-proof, but are you honestly telling me that your action plan is to go through the rubble and ashpile of your burnt down house to recover your seed words? Seriously, that’s your plan?
Few issues with this: (1) you need to be able to find it, (2) you need to ensure you’re the first person to get access to the site of the fire (not likely - firefighters, insurance assessors, police will be there first), and (3) both this and the cryptosteel just scream out “I contain valuable crypto seed words!” To anyone that finds them.
I’ve been scratching my head about this for both the Crytopsteel and also the ColdTi. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 10:03:22
Sure it’s fire-proof, but are you honestly telling me that your action plan is to go through the rubble and ash pile of your burnt down house to recover your seed words? Seriously, that’s the plan?
Few issues with this: (1) you need to be able to find it, (2) you need to ensure you’re the first person to get access to the site of the fire (not likely - firefighters, insurance assessors, police will be there first), and (3) both this and the cryptosteel just scream out “I contain valuable crypto seed words!” to anyone that finds them.
@_date: 2018-02-22 08:02:00
Everyone is in it for the money. The only difference is time scale. 
The folks who *really truly* 'believe in the technology' are thinking about the terminal value (i.e. what it could be worth 10 years from now, when it hits market saturation). But they are still thinking about what it will be worth.
At the other end of the scale are the reckless thrill chasers who are scratching the "*its not gambling, its trading*" itch. Just in it for the lottery jackpot.
Most people are somewhere in between, some more medium term (2-3 year outlook), and other shorter term (6 -12 months).
@_date: 2018-02-26 04:50:22
Oh please.
One of the promises of cryptocurrency is that  of self sovereignty. Stop with this ‘woe is me’ bullshit and just get on with it. Nothing is stopping women from participating in a brand new field that is blowing up.
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:23:45
Really well put. 
Unfortunately, to understand all the great points you raise there is a minimum assumed level of education (about markets, economics, data analysis) and comprehension (about bitcoin as a protocol beyond simply as a currency token) required. It seems like the logical points made will ring true to those who are already educated enough and already on this side of the fence. 
For the sort of people who do follow the sensationalised headlines, I would wager that they don't really understand all of the great points you make in the article.