@_author: dangliesack
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:28:01
The issue is that guy is being punished for the mistakes of others, because his Bitcoins are losing value.
There's some misconception that the bank bailouts cost a lot of money--they were loans, repaid in full. No losses were socialized except between the banks. I guess I am not totally sure what the advantage of Bitcoin is here. If you own Bitcoin, you are getting fucked by Mt. Gox as the currency loses its value. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:49:48
One of the most common exit strategies for people working in investment banking is to leave with their friends and start their own financial institutions. Sometimes these are PE firms, sometimes VC, hedge funds, and etc., but they are also sometimes other investment banks.
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:38:42
First actually does mean a lot. Those companies benefitted for a long time, and made a lot of profit, because they were first. Just because they squandered the advantage doesn't mean the advantage doesn't exist.
The issue for Bitcoin is that it's really only first to market with a small niche of users. It could be that this niche includes the majority of people who are going to use an alternate currency, in which case it has the first mover advantage. But what's worrisome about JP Morgan, for Bitcoin supporters, is that they are about to essentially give the product to millions of people who aren't users of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:32:53
Ha isn't it logically false to say both "banks" and then claim they have no competition? Goldman, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Barclays, Citi and BoA all compete for the big investment banking work and for the talent. Plus there certainly are many niche industry firms that specialize and also compete. There are a lot of criticisms of the banking sector, I'm not sure lack of competition is a viable one.
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:41:36
Ha I don't think you understand what he's saying. Social security is funded by taxes. The patent office is not. Whether or not social security-specific (payroll) taxes make up the whole of the social security budget is sort of moot--the point is that the patent office just exists and doesn't take any tax dollars at all, while SS runs completely on them.