@_author: daniel51a
@_date: 2013-11-11 05:59:46
If those are the major factors, maybe I've just had trouble getting my mind around the value increasing at such a high rate. A lot of that stuff has been a fairly gradual process hasn't it?
If the media/price rise thing is feeding off itself, could it be that the value is increasing above the equilibrium price and there will be a correction in the coming weeks to a lower level?
@_date: 2013-06-18 02:02:02
Paypal can hold and transfer money, and has to comply with at the very least money transfer laws regardless if they borrow from the Fed or not.
"In the United States, PayPal is licensed as a money transmitter on a state-by-state basis.[58] PayPal is not classified as a bank in the United States, though the company is subject to some of the rules and regulations governing the financial industry including Regulation E consumer protections and the USA PATRIOT Act." [source](
"In the United States, PayPal account holders' private information is marginally protected under one US federal law. Since PayPal is a financial institution under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB), it cannot disclose its account holders' non-public personal information to third parties unless account holders opt into those disclosures." [source](
Not all financial institutions are banks... Regardless of if you want to define them as a financial institution or not, they can't simply take your money away without doing some proper due diligence.
@_date: 2013-06-27 07:08:30
Here I was thinking Charlie was an Entrepreneur. Secret life he's been leading.
@_date: 2013-11-11 05:57:14
I'm in Canada so I was keeping an eye on the BTC ATM in BC stories. I didn't think that was so huge considering there are tons of BTC ATM companies and many have opened ATMs in other countries (if I'm not mistaken).
@_date: 2013-06-27 18:30:47
Well they posted a want ad for a marketer about a month ago, so my guess is that, if it's stolen it wouldn't be their fault entirely. It's not a very expensive license and it's harder to figure out if videos are made with legitimate licenses, so I doubt that will come out.
All that said, in terms of the bitcoin cause, I feel like businesses like this using bitcoin in any way makes the entire currency seem more like a black market tool than it actually is. I have no problem with their website, but I know them using bitcoin definitely doesn't help the bitcoin cause in the financial suite-and-tie world.
@_date: 2013-11-11 05:55:38
I should have asked that question then - what's causing the increase in demand?
@_date: 2013-06-17 23:47:08
While I'm no lawyer or live in the U.S. I feel like this is a very clear example of something you could take paypal to small claims court for.
Simply put, they are a financial institution that just stole 1300 from you. You provided a service, you were paid for it, and without doing any due diligence they took that money away from you - it shouldn't matter for what reason, that money was legally yours the minute the rig was delivered as the transaction was completed in full. 
I'd find a low cost lawyer that might be happy to offer you some real legal advice, but this is definitely not something you should just let go.
Edit: I've dealt with paypal customer service before (over the phone) and they were pretty helpful so you should maybe call them. Quickly looking at their website, it looks like they have proper procedures already in place to ensure you're protected. Most likely they put a hold on those funds and it only appears as a withdrawal from your account. Read more here: 