@_author: danielshaww
@_date: 2014-12-16 11:38:11
They assume Jan 1st til now. It will get downvoted anyway
@_date: 2014-05-13 12:27:03
Remember to tip your fedore once you get there.
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:23:58
Welp, there goes our decentralization and uncorruptable currency.
@_date: 2014-01-27 13:19:01
What was that rule about headlines that end with a question mark?
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:59:40
I once bought bitcoin at $140 using Plus500 and those leverage tools that allow you to buy a lot, but small changes mean you also either lose or gain a lot. Well, my liquidity was like $40 and bitcoin dropped maybe 10% in price so I lost it all. I look back and only if I had more money and just left it there, with the 1:1000 leverage or something I had going, how much of a millionaire I'd be now. 
The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent, never forget.
@_date: 2013-12-26 20:12:18
You have valid concerns. Like someone pointed earlier, with almost 100k subscribers, *does* have a bit of everything! Rest assured, though, many, if not most, of us are mature enough to realize BTC's true potential rather than spit some speculative junk (or at least I'd hope)    
That said, I'd like to shed some light on "Bitcoin's safety net" by saying the following: cryptocurrency is here to stay. Note I didn't say Bitcoin specifically!! I said cryptocurrency, it may be Bitcoin, it might be Litcoin, it might be Dogecoin *shivers*, but in the same way the internet connected the people of the world and you can now read this post because of it, in the future I might be able to buy something you own and are willing to sell by giving you a few fractions of whatever cryptocurrency is popular without the bureaucracy, the insecurity and the middlemen we currently have.
More than a currency I'm asking you to look at Bitcoin as an idea, an idea that can only grow bigger and stronger because people, like you said, as young as 14 are willing to trust on it and see its potential to overcome the obstacles fiat currency has, even if they are unable to explain why or how it is that way. People who in 10 or 20 years will be politicians, CEOs, heads of family, mothers and fathers and who can push this idea forward. 50 years ago world's wealthiest and most influential Men where connected to the TV industry; now Apple, Microsoft, Google and their employees are shapping our future because they are the offspring of a late 90s early 00s culture that workshipped eletronical gadgets, computers and their applications.
To address the second part of your thread. We can only take so much criticism before calling bullshit to what it is. I'm not saying big Banks and corporations are rooting for us but let's not kid ourselves: it's in their best interest to keep the *statuos quo* and put a stop into certain things. 
Without trying to sound like a conspiracy theorist, regulation is not just to stop money laundring the same way porn filters aren't just for porn! History has taught us that for good or worse innovation cuts some "lose ties" to what previously existed or was the norm and many people aren't happy about it.
Not only that, there's a lot of moral issues for "established financial firms" to give criticism on practices that directly or indirectly have caused many of the financials issues we currently have. 
Being the informed person you are, you certainly know [greed]( and greed alone has led to the crisis we currently are in and that same greed led to the great depression 80 years ago! 
Speculation is why you are paying your bank 10% more of what you should be paying for your car, or your house, or any major good you own or will own. The same speculation they accuse us yet they go to WallStreet and do the exact same thing, or, if they are smart, they invest hundreds of millions in high frequency trading installations and take their fat shares.    
Bitcoin "speculation" is no more than good old search/demand rule being put into practice. The price reflects what people are willing to pay to get it.
And it's not just with cryptocurrency that 14 years old can "inflate" the price of BTC. People in an economic unstable positon could own stock 70 years ago the same way they can now own a house they'll never pay because they can't afford it. There's a lot to be said about the World's financial system that cannot be put into a single post and it certainly isn't called for the discussion, so I'd like to finish just by saying this: be the change you want to see, whether it's about Bitcoin, your society, or life in general. If it's any good, people will follow.
