@_author: danielmiester
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:00:46
I know The Geek Group National Science Institute ( would be absolutely THRILLED to receive a donation of any size, ESPECIALLY in Bitcoin.
Founded in 1994, it's was, and is, the original "makerspace". They were a makerspace before anyone knew what one was. It's seen it's ups and downs over the years, being shuttled from building to building as they grew and developed. Still holding the title as the world's largest non-profit makerspace, they seek to provide a space where anyone with a sincere and passionate desire to learn can do so, at their own pace, in their own way. Operating on a shoestring budget from day one, TGG has shown time and again that if you are patient, and determined, you can make anything happen on a low budget. The 3 separate live internet TV streams are built with leftover TV station cast offs, and maintained with volunteer labor, and anyone who wants to learn how the equipment works and is used. The worlds largest, public high voltage and high energy labs are likewise built using donations of castoffs, time and love. Other facilities in the building at present are a fully featured vehicle service bay, complete with hoist; a laser lab for experimenting with optics and other such toys; a computer lab for tinkering with computers and software. 
The list goes on, but the common denominator is that all the toys and facilities are available for the average joe to come play with, and learn about. 
But this isn't about just the facility, it's about community too. Situated in the heart of the Grand Rapids, MI "Westside" TGG has a heart for the working class people who live around them, and exists to provide them and anyone else a place where they can better themselves. Their Computers for Families program takes cast off, out of warranty computers from offices all over the state, wipes them, refurbishes them, and sells them for a pittance ($50 or less in many cases, just enough to cover costs) or outright gives them away to families all over the area, allowing kids to continue homework at home, parents to do remote schooling, and fill out online paperwork. TGG cares deeply about everyone and want to see everyone succeed, and all their programs are designed around this goal. 
I've been following them from 2011-2012, been a remote member from 2013, been a major donor since 2014, and have been remote staff since the start of 2017.
I am a personal friend of several of the staff and know many others, and the drive to see this company succeed, and to help our fellow mankind become the best versions of themselves they can be is infectious, and apparent in all of us.
It's incredible what we can do with just muscles and drive; I look forwards to the day I can see some real money added to this equasion. 
I really want to stress that it's not about money. We're charging a mere $20/mo for membership ($30 for a family) that has full priviledges when the likes of TechShop were charging $150/mo just to be allowed in the door. We need funding for basic infrastructure, and to pay our hardworking volunteers a respectable wage. We're rated Guidestar Platinum for transparency and accountibility, and we work incredibly heard to maintain that. (
To get an idea of what we can do with what we have, check out "The Geek Group" on YouTube (
Please consider this organization in your charitable giving, the impact would be nigh incalculable.
