@_author: daniel-tigers-dad
@_date: 2016-09-08 13:41:25
Investigator here with an idea:
Check in your state to see if it is a one or two party consent state regarding recording phone calls. If you are in a state where it is legal to record without telling the person record ALL of your phone calls with them. This can be easily accomplished with a digital recorder and a headphone/phone mic device which is about $15-$20 at radio shack, Amazon, etc. 
I would suggest that before you do any investigating you report to your local police and ask for their advice before moving forward because if you're looking for a criminal prosecution they will be the ones who ultimately have to enforce it for you and they may have an idea or technology you don't. That being said, they may have no idea about bitcoin or how it could be stolen. 
Now something interesting in the law; depending on your state is often times citizens aren't held to the same legal parameters/expectation of privacy as law enforcement. Meaning; if a parent goes into their teens room and finds something that's then turned over to police that evidence may be used in court, etc as where a cop can't just walk into a teens room due to expectation of privacy (in my state anyway). If a cop tells you to do something you are now their "agent" and any search laws are in play. Cops can't use citizens as a go-around for due process. 
So back to the recorder. Being in a one party state we make recorded "pretext" phone calls all the time where we call the person or have the victim or someone else involved call the person and ask them questions about the case. People make all sorts of statements when they don't know police are involved. Even if he doesn't confess it gives investigators information which the suspect may lie about later and provable lies are the next best thing to confessions.
Also remember the burden of proof in a civil case is less than a criminal case so if the criminal case doesn't go anywhere have an attorney take a look from their perspective. The idea of getting an attorney involved up front is a good idea too. 
Just some thoughts. Good luck!!
EDIT: Fixed probably to provable.