@_author: daniel-c-pigeon
@_date: 2018-08-20 08:59:42
This does not stand to reason. 
There are Bitcoin shufflers, BTC can be transferred to centralized exchanges where it gets stored in a single account, BTC can be swapped for altcoins via atomic swap or other decentralized means, many altcoins have privacy features, etc. This situation is not so cut and dry so you either don't know whhat you're talking about or are deliberately misrepresenting crypto, which means your argument is not at all convincing.
You're also inventing some bizarre theoretical future scenario where the legal system tries to hold people responsible for buying "stolen" BTC. This is ridiculous. Every time you touch a $20 bill, it might have been stolen before. How would you ever know the difference? You wouldn't. And no court would ever convict you of a crime for this. The same is true for BTC. 
What you're saying here is absurd. You're really grasping at straws to say BTC isn't a strong currency. 
@_date: 2018-08-20 08:52:18
This would be true if all I said was "bitcoin is better than USD and therefore will become a major currency." BUt that's not what I said. I said a lot more than that. I won't repeat the things I already wrote, just check out the "The Claim" section of my article for the details.
@_date: 2018-08-19 19:49:15
I mostly agree with you on the point about gov-induced demand. But that's a reason to believe that the USD will continue to exist as a currency (a point on I agree with), not a reason to think BTC will not continue to gain support and adoption as a currency.
re: Durability -- Of course it's not guaranteed that the BTC network will continue to exist. But this is a double-edged sword. There is no guarantee that anything will continue to exist, including the USD, the global financial system as we know it, the planet Earth, etc.
re: fungibility -- again, yes, USD **can** be broken into many decimal places but never is in practice. And your second point is not about fungibility. 1 satoshi is always equal to 1 satoshi and 1 BTC = 1 BTC. Even if a hacker's BTC are not accepted. 
Think of it this way-- the US govt often confiscates cash form criminals, freezes the bank accounts of people accused of financial crimes, etc. This is not evidence that USD are not fungible. You're conflating 2 different issues. 
@_date: 2018-08-19 20:17:43
OK some good points in here. I'll try to respond to as many as I can.
1. We seem to agree that BTC has value so no issue there. Beanie babies are not a currency and nobody ever claimed they were. I'm saying that BTC has value (we agree on this) and that is  has extremely useful properties as a currency. Therefore, my argument is that it will only continue to gain support, confidence, and adoption, thus stabilizing the price. That's my conjecture. Critics make several arguments against my position, such as (i) Bitcoin is a bubble and fake because it has no 'real' value (we agree this is false) (ii) Bitcoin isn't useful as a currency because it isn't stable. I tried to refute point (ii) in my piece
2. I think you're wrong here but it's not worth getting into. Let's just say, for the sake of argument, that both Bitcoin and USD are sufficiently and equally divisible to be useful currencies. There doesn't need to be a winner here.
3. I think the durability argument stands. BTC will never ever need to be taken out of circulation or replaced. In fact, needing to print paper money at all seems wasteful and inefficient. People love to complain about how much energy BTC uses, but how many resources are wasted printing money every year? And how much money does the gov waste trying to maintain enough cash, take damaged currency out of circulation, catch counterfeiters, etc? That's a lot of wasted resources, time, and money that are not be necessary with BTC.
4. I think your point is valid but ultimately unconvincing. Sure, most people use debit/credit cards to make payments and don't need to carry large sums of cash. But that doesn't change the fact that BTC is \*\*always\*\* this portable, not just some of the time and only for those who have a bank account. You're thinking exclusively about the developed world, where people already have access to banking services. BTC is a global currency and will reach a lot of ppl before they ever open a bank acct. So yeah, using a bank card and using BTC aren't radically different in that sense but the point is of limited impact.
5. I never said that counterfeit USD affected the value of USD. You're misrepresenting what I said and changing the subject. I said that it's way easier to fake USD than it is to fake BTC or spend BTC twice. So BTC is a winner in that department. I stand by that. The rest of your points in this section are off-base. I admit USD is far more accepted than BTC but this has nothing to do with the topic here.
6. I never said anything about "store of value" other than acknowledging that both BTC and USD act as stores of value. As for all that stuff about macro econ, that has nothing to do with my argument so I'll ignore it. 
The rest of what you wrote reads a lot like "I prefer using USD and I don't want to adopt BTC." And that's fine. You don't have to. If you're happy using USD, then rock on my man. No one is demanding that you buy or try to use BTC. That was never my argument.
re: the stuff about banking, loans, and other financial services-- give it time. I bet you 1 satoshi that they will develop.
I'm also happy to acknowledge (again, since I already wrote all of this in the article) that BTC is not yet a full-fledged currency. I said it has all of the necessary properties to be a useful currency (except stability, which I argue will come with time). 
I don't think this will happen in a year or even 5 years or perhaps not even in 10 years. But it will happen. That's what I'm saying. People are already using it, companies are starting to accept it, and it's gaining enough traction to believe that it's not going anywhere. People who predict its downfall are being naive. 
Is it really so implausible to think that the world is heading towards the use of a global, borderless, digital currency that isn't controlled by a single nation-state's govt? Is that really such a radical idea? I say no. Feel free to disagree.
@_date: 2018-08-19 08:32:38
Oh whoops. Good catch. Just made the edit.
@_date: 2018-08-19 21:15:10
I'm only ignoring the macro econ stuff in this context cuz it wasn't really part of this specific case I was trying to make. But definitely a topic for a future post! 
@_date: 2018-08-19 09:27:15
Wow you sound angry. Maybe lie down on the couch for a while.
USD are infinitely divisible, mathematically speaking, because all numbers are "infinitely divisible." That' just how math works.
 In practice, USD always just gets rounded to two decimal places. You cannot withdraw $102.98573527 USD from a bank. You cannot write a check for $57.3275295 USD. You cannot hold $20.57929843 in cash in your hand. 
So, technically, you're right. But it doesn't matter because in reality, for all intents and purposes, USD are divisible only to 1/100ths of a dollar. This much should be obvious.
@_date: 2018-08-19 09:28:01
I'm willing to listen if you think I'm wrong elsewhere.