@_author: daniel_reis
@_date: 2016-02-05 13:22:24
Do you know, if blockchains are already considered in political theory as tools for, let's say, more collobarative approaches to governmental issues? Maybe you have some names of people working on this?
@_date: 2016-02-05 13:40:17
Actually I did. I guess I'll post a related question there...
@_date: 2016-02-05 13:42:05
not if its just other players, but the system stays crooked...
@_date: 2016-02-05 14:49:32
If I use Bitcoin I am not operating on my own, but within a certain framework, the Bitcoin framework. And this framework has certain flaws. I'm really new to this, but from what I understand, some of these are:
* early adopters and big operators (like mining pools in china) have an unfair advantage over the others
* scarcity by design, wich leads to hoarding and deflation
* trusting banks is replaced by trusting programmers (Bitcoin-Users implicitly trust that the miner programs continues to operate correctly, that the equipment is protected against virus attacks and that the miners will not subvert it)
* energy consumption during the mining process is an environmental issue
* scalability
* no control over finance-players whatsoever (some see it as a plus, some don't)
Again, I'm really new to this and just read some things online. I'm just wondering, if Bitcoin at the current state more or less boils down to an idea of the invisible hand of the market finally succeeding in taking over completely? In my opinion this would be bad, because I believe the invisible hand of the market will punch us all in the face, if she can...
@_date: 2016-02-05 15:14:12
Yes, you are right. The "democratize finance"-expression is probably wrong. But still I have to disagree with:


Bitcoin gives a framework and this is, if you want it or not, political.  (Software-)Design is political in the way that it allows certain things and others not. The artificial scarcity of Bitcoin is political. The question of how decisions are made in the development of bitcoin is political. I don't believe in the seemingly objective position of technological solutions. There are decisions to be made in something like Bitcoin, decisions by humans. And since humans always have an agenda, I don't believe Bitcoin can be free of that.
@_date: 2016-02-05 13:13:16
You can give money to charity in every currency, I guess. And yes, the saving of fees when sending remittances is great, but I'm not sure if these examples stand for a structural difference. From what I understand Bitcoin wanted to "democratize finance" and I'm asking myself, if this worked out...