@_author: danield9tqh
@_date: 2017-07-28 20:55:34
In some ways the ability to fork is advantage of decentralized currency because like you said it facilitates comoetition. In another way it could actually be considered the biggest barrier to mass adoption. If what most of the general public is looking for is a stable store of value in currency (which I think it is), the notion that BTC could fork or be taken over by an altcoin at any given time is unsettling for investors to say the least. And it's certainly unsettling for every day consumers. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:43:44
And what if the one that has less initial adoption ends up having more adoption long term? It was an altcoin by your definition originally but eventually reached more adoption than the original. Is it still a fallacy that a fork or an altcoin can 'take over'?
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:32:26
Yes, it will be a tough road if the Bitcoin community adopts a dismissive rather than collaborative tone with the current financial systems. As you say, bitcoin is not unique anymore, there are plenty of alternatives. If it does not look to address barriers to mass adoption, then another crypto currency will. 
One thing however that is not so easily replicated by another currency is Bitcoin's current adoption and proven history over the last 8 years. This type of head start I don't think should be underestimated. But it will certainly be interesting to see how things play out in the long term. 
Correct me if I'm wrong but you sound like you are someone who has a lot of interaction with that group (banks, financial institutions, investors etc) because you are highlighting their concerns. I'd encourage you to keep up with current events happening in the crypto space. I believe there needs to be more collaboration between crypto currencies and what you might call the 'current financial system'. Any spread of good, sound arguments for this new technology I think will help especially because many people have the same concerns as you, like you've said. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 22:42:07
I assume it would be regulated / overseen the same way fiat currency is currently. 
Put yourself in the position of someone who needs to launder some illegal bitcoin: you have received bitcoin for illegal activity and you are holding it at a certain bitcoin address. Now let's say you want to purchase something in the legitimate economy with that bitcoin, for example a nice car. The car company, being a reputable dealer wants to comply with government regulation so the bitcoin address that they use to accept funds is registered with the government. Additionally, because of KYC rules, they will only accept payment from a bitcoin address that is also verified (registered with the government). In this scenario, your only option to buy a car (or any other good in the legit economy for that matter) is to transfer the illegal money to a verified bitcoin address before spending it. But any transfer from an unverified address to a verified address is public record so if you were audited, it would be pretty clear that you received a large amount of money from an unverified source. Herein lies the conundrum of spending money legally that you have received illegally. It is impossible without having some record of it.
And if you think about it, this is really how the system already works. Just replace bitcoin with USD in the above paragraph. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:34:35
Any fork will always be an altcoin by definition? There are always two sides to every fork. Which one is the altcoin? Which one is the spin-off? In this case the community seems to have decided that BCC is the spin-off but to say that it will 'always' be easy to classify a fork into 'spin-off' and 'original' is simply not true. To say that the event of a fork taking over is a 'fallacy' I think is a little misguided. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 22:08:33
There is a parallel with fiat currencies, although the real difference as I see it is that the switch from one crypto-currency to another can happen much faster than the switch from one fiat to another. One of the main reasons I think is that crypto currencies have more room for improvement. They are not completely tested in the real world. BTC has been around for less than 10 years. Noone knows the best way to implement a decentralized currency yet, the community is still learning. This opens up the possibility for large improvements in coins other than bitcoin. Fiat on the other hand has been around for muh longer and it's much less likely a new fiat currency will come along that has much in terms of efficiency improvements.
I'm not advocating abandoning the idea of cryptos because of this, just that it seems like a problem that has yet to be solved. Maybe the solution does not come until many methods of implementing a decentralized currency have been vetted and people can be reasonably sure they have a method that works well. Perhaps there is another solution we have considered. But I think until every day consumers can be reasonably sure about the market dominance of a single (or at least small group of) decentralized currency, they are not going to want to use it as a store of value. Right now I don't think every day consumers have that assurance and it's in part because there's still the possibility that BTC is not the one that ultimately ends up with market dominance. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 23:09:07
There is good evidence to suggest that the bitcoin network can be a more efficient means of processing transactions than the current system. Let's look at a common customer-business interaction like buying something at Target. If a customer uses a credit or debit card to pay Target for the good, from their side they see a flat rate e.g. 30$. From Target's side however, they have to pay a fee on top of that 30$ to the credit card network (e.g. Visa) to process that transaction. Processing the transaction entails talking to the customer's bank as well as target's bank and ultimately helping to facilitate the transfer of money between the two banks. Until the money has actually been transferred from the customer's bank account to target's bank account, the customer has not really paid Target for those goods. These transfers facilitated by the credit card network can take up to a day or more and cost about 2-3% that Target has to pay.
If theoretically, the bitcoin network can facilitate transfer of money at a cost of less than 2-3% per transaction then that would give large incentive for businesses like Target to accept bitcoin instead of fiat currency. After all, why would you pay 2-3% to process transactions with Visa when you could pay 1% to process transactions through the Bitcoin network. Add up all the transactions Target (and every other entity) process in a given day and you are looking at a potentially massive amount of savings.
Of course, this relies on the assumption that Bitcoin can actually be more efficient at processing transactions. It seems possible with ideas such as the "Lightning Network" which I would encourage you to read up on. Although I will warn that it requires a good initial understanding of how bitcoin works. This also relies on the assumption that retailers are not discouraged from accepting Bitcoin for other reasons like its price instability. However, it seems likely that the price of Bitcoin will become more stable with more widespread adoption.
Credit card processing fees: 
Lighting Network: 
Edit: I remember having all of these same questions and concerns about bitcoin. And still there are concerns I have where I have not yet seen a viable solution. However, I am more willing to tell myself that I have these concerns not because there is no viable solution, rather I just have not done enough research into solutions that might be out there. I can say that every time I have had doubts, a solution comes along that completely wipes those doubts away. So I believe that although there may be issues, Bitcoin or cryptocurrency in general seems like a better solution long term than the current system. Issues will of course need to be dealt with as they arise but that is true of any new technology. In short, you don't need to throw the baby out with the bathwater. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 22:19:11
I think when you are looking at the problem of  regulating money laundering, the best solution is the same regardless of how the transfer of the currency occurs. The crux of the problem I think is not how to disallow illegal transactions to take place, but rather once an illegal transaction has occurred how do you prevent the recipient from spending that money in the legitiment economy. 
With Bitcoin if you can link a bitcoin address with a real world entity, it is really easy to track money. If you cannot it becomes very difficult. This is where I would guess the regulators would find their entry, basically forcing legitiment transactions to come from verified bitcoin addresses. Current money laundering regulations rely heavily on know your customer (KYC) rules. Basically if a bank or other financial institution is accepting money, they have to have some idea of where it's coming from. For Bitcoin this would mean only accepting from verified addresses (addresses that have verified links to real world entities). In this way it would seem money laundering would actually be easier to detect.
This also introduces the problem of privacy. If everyone knows which addresses belong to which entities, their account balances would basically be public record. That is separate issue though. 
Look into the New York Dept Financial Services BitLicense:  It is one of the first attempts at regulation of bitcoin will probably be looked to for future regulations.
Sources:  personal opinion and research. (Don't just trust me, do your own research)