@_author: danknwet
@_date: 2017-04-26 00:52:37
read analysis on comment thread above
@_date: 2017-04-24 23:33:45
An attacker is not going to phone you up an explain their mechanism of DDoS to you. The protocol really needs to plan for an unplanned DDoS vector at every layer of the OSI. Really they should have an entire paper just on mitigation for section 9.2. The whole issue here is that HTLC transactions, when stopped in any manner whatsoever from being entered onto the blockchain within a certain window of time, will result in large profits for the attacker. That is a very broad target indeed. Attempting to shift the burden of proof isn't going to protect LN nodes. 
@_date: 2017-04-24 23:30:10
Given the incentives involved it seems foolish to assume your node won't be attackable either at the application layer or some deeper layer or both. It also seems foolish to assume the network itself won't be attackable (given that it has been under attack all year.) 
Essentially if your defense plan is to keep a secret IP that broadcasts onto a public network you need a better plan. It's going to be very easy for someone to watch where your transactions are published from and attack those IPs.
@_date: 2017-04-25 00:11:03
It would be very easy to probe your system, opening small channels then closing them and watching where your transactions are published from. (For example attackers already do this with emails.)
It would also be very possible to analyse what sort of timing gap you leave between the latest you close a channel and when the HTLC transaction times out.
For some reason you assume a skilled attacker won't be able to do these basis analyses and pull off repeated heists on large LN nodes?
This will absolutely happen. It's not even difficult to pull off. First to be hit will be crypto exchanges. Attackers will open hundreds or thousands of payment channels (i.e. accounts) with the exchange, then use the channels to buy another crypto. They'll cash out that other crpyto which doesn't use payment channels, then they'll force the payment channels to close while attacking all the exit points that the transaction might be published from.
You say you'll be able to get 300 bytes onto the blockchain somehow, even via helicopter. But it won't be 300 bytes and given that its automated you'll probably learn about it after the fact. It'll be the 300 bytes times the number of channels plus whatever other channels also happened to close during the attack.
LN as it stands paints a massive "DDoS me, win cash" sticker on all large LN nodes. These nodes will quickly realize this.