@_author: dankmemster
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:01:37
I'm an me/cfs patient, i don't want to copy paste what i wrote previously; please check my posting history to get an idea of how horrible this disease with no cure (or biomarker even) is. I was very smart and my dream was to study every hard and have a sizeable impact on the world but i'm house bound, can't do anything and my brain doesn't work (huge cognitive problems). 
Please donate to the omf it's our only hope. This illness has been ignored for far too long and it's a massive waste of resources.
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:46:42
I'm another me/cfs patient, a severe case.  7 years ago i was a top student, i understood everything extremely easily, people were telling me i should become an aerospace engineer, teachers insisting that i skip years. I was filled with awe, wondering what my future would be like. 
I never imagined that having to drop out of school, being housebound with 30+ different symptoms and completely unable to do anything significant would be my future at 21 years old, and i've been this severe for at least 4 years. 
My cognitive impairment is so bad i went from being a math genius to not being able to do basic math. My fatigue and orthostatic intolerance is so extreme my heartbeat goes from 70 to 120+ after standing up for 10 seconds and i can barely walk up the stairs. 
You might think i'm a fatass... jokes on you, i have 14.7 BMI i'm pretty much a skeleton and it doesn't matter how much i eat i can't gain any weight because my metabolism is fucked. 
I guess i should be happy i'm not as severe as the people who can never leave their bed and have to be tube fed(and the fact that i don't have muscle pain like many people do) but i still hate my life. 
The thing i hate the most is the cognitive mutilation. I don't mind the physical troubles, to be honest i wouldn't even mind if i had to spend my entire life in a wheelchair, but not being able to study and use my brain is something that i hate so much i can't describe it. I wanted to study great things and contribute to society in meaningful ways but i can't do shit, all my dreams got crushed and there's nothing left for me in life aside from staying in this room doing mostly nothing all day waiting for a cure. And even if a cure is found, the brain damage i have might not be reversible, me/cfs has been associated with autoantibodies which target the brain. You can do nothing but sit idle for years while your own immune system (but also undetected viruses, and many other possible me/cfs causes science doesn't yet fully understand) slowly destroys your brain and makes you dumber and dumber, in addition to giving you orthostatic intolerance and other neurological symptoms (personally i have involuntary movements which keep getting more and more frequent)
 This illness just takes your whole body and puts it in the dumpster, brain included. You can't walk, you can't go anywhere, you can't study, you can't even play or watch tv if you are severe enough, all you do is just lay down on your bed and do nothing while leeching off your parents or whoever else takes care of you. The moment you try to do anything(even cooking a meal) you are hit with post exertional malaise which makes your symptoms the following days even worse than they already are(this is severe me/cfs, mild people can work part time or stuff like that).
I see other people already mentioned the psychobabble surrounding this disease, it's really bad. As many others with this disease, i spent the first years going to numerous psychiatrists and psychologists. Therapy never did anything, psych drugs only made things worse. There are also people who got locked up in psych wards with this illness... generally, psychiatrists are not knowledgeable enough to deal with this kind of illness, they just label everything as psychological, for example orthostatic intolerance --&gt; anxiety to stand up or something ridicolous like that. They assume that, since other doctors sent you there, any illness that isn't psychiatric has already been excluded, but thats just not true.  
I spent 2 hours writing this and i'll get worse the following days, hopefully it was worth it. What can i say, please consider donating to this cause, even more than once. It's my only hope for me and many patients who want to do something more in their life than staying in their room doing nothing. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:00:29
I'm an me/cfs patient, i don't want to copy paste what i wrote previously; please check my posting history to get an idea of how horrible this disease with no cure (or biomarker even) is. I was very smart and my dream was to study every hard and have a sizeable impact on the world but i'm house bound, can't do anything and my brain doesn't work (huge cognitive problems). 
Please donate to the omf it's our only hope