@_author: dankebernanke
@_date: 2017-12-30 18:18:33


What does this even mean? Price moments are always caused by people, prices don't just arbitrarily float around. The comment you're responding to could just as easily be written "The history of investors' action contains no useful information that will enable another investor consistently to outperform a buy-and-hold strategy in managing portfolio". Suggesting that you're looking at "something else" means absolutely nothing and you're an idiot for thinking otherwise.


A lot of people have made money playing the lottery, that doesn't make it consistent or effective. If Technical Analysis allowed you to generate abnormal returns in the long run no doubt the richest people in the world would use it to grow their wealth, however can you name a single person on the Forbes 400 that made their money using technical analysis? I'll give you a hint: No.   


Plenty of well educated people have said that day trading is a load of garbage, your statement at best makes you look arrogant/narrow minded and at worst makes you out to be a total fool. [This well regarded paper published in the Journal of Finance]( shows that higher account churn (volume of stocks traded) is inversely correlated with net return (see the Figure 1 on P 775). Fees erode your position quickly. 


I actually agree with this, but maintain that trading is extremely expensive and definitely not for the average investor unless they have no other options. If you trade you are playing against professionals. You will lose. The best way to play is to be safe, stick to a plan (adjust risk exposure, not your specific security holdings) and buy with the longest investment horizon possible. As a final note bitcoin is a total gamble and I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. It's a claim on nothing.  
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:09:38
For the people who actually work in it: sure. For the people that don't: research shows it's a waste of time and money. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 18:34:54
I'm going to frame this and put it on my wall