@_author: danlynch
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:06:18
Sure, that's possible, but as soon as you do that, bitcoin stops being a true currency and starts being something a lot more complicated.
@_date: 2014-03-31 00:41:52
Java is a general-purpose computer programming language. It presents no more of a security risk, on average, than any other general-purpose computer programming language, such as C, C++, C etc.
If you download and run malicious standalone software on your computer then you are probably going to experience a security breach. This is equally true of software written in any computer programming language.
As for JavaScript, it is usually used to write software that is downloaded alongside a website and that runs inside a browser sandbox, so the security regime is totally different. Since you have little real control over the JavaScript software that runs on your computer each day, your browser is responsible for isolating that software and preventing it from affecting anything outside the website you downloaded it from.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:26:40
I'm not trying to be unclear, and I apologize. I'm just going by the quote that you cited in your first post.
In that quote, it says that "miners", "investors", and "businesses that buy and sell virtual currencies purely as an investment" do not need to register because they are not considered "money transmitters". Clearly, there are four different things here: "miners", "investors", "businesses that buy and sell virtual currencies purely as an investment", and "money transmitters". A bitcoin business could be any of those four, depending on what it actually does as part of its business.
A company like CoinPayments seems pretty clearly to fall into the "money transmitters" category. Their main business is transmitting money between customers and merchants; they don't seem to be involved in mining, nor are they investing in bitcoin, nor buying and selling it for investment purposes like an exchange or brokerage.
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:03:47
If a miner tried to do this, and successfully mined the offending block, all the other nodes on the network (other miners, exchanges, ordinary users, etc.) would reject the block as malformed and it would be ignored. Mining would continue around him as if he had never mined that block at all, and his computing power would have been wasted.
Now, if the bad miner were very large and influential within the bitcoin community, and were able to convince the vast majority of the world's bitcoin users to switch over to his version of the software (which would presumably not recognize that block as malformed), then he could do it. But it's unclear why anyone else would accept that change to the software, since it would break the entire system completely and render all bitcoins worthless.
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:12:12
Well, the "good reason" would be that you would be a criminal if you did not immediately return the stolen property to its original owner. You may not agree with this law, but your disagreement will not stop the police and courts from enforcing the law against you, with armed violence if necessary.
Dealing exclusively in cash and bitcoin may make it more difficult for the justice system to catch you, but they will definitely try to catch you, and when and if they do, you will be made to pay. We do not live in an anarchist utopia where you can ignore the law just because you disagree with it.
In any case, I would encourage you to think more about the moral question here. You may find that ultimately you agree with the law. Most people do, which is why it's the law.
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:56:32
Just so you know, you've got it backwards. When you receive stolen property, even if you are totally innocent and unaware of its stolen nature, you are required to return it to the original owner without compensation. You can then sue the thief to recover your losses from him.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:36:03


Yes, and that is exactly why PayPal is registered with FinCEN. The more similar a bitcoin business is to PayPal, Western Union, WorldPay, etc., the more likely it is to be affected by these regulations.
Also, you will find that saying things like "anything can be an X" does not get you very far when you're using it as an excuse to avoid attention from the government or police.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:24:23
The entire bitcoin system, including the block-chain, is designed to ensure that the holder of the private key of a bitcoin address, and only him, can spend the associated coins exactly once; no more, no less.
* If double-spending were possible, that would be a failure of the system.
* If anyone other than the key-holder could spend coins, that would be a failure of the system.
* If the key-holder could be prevented from spending coins, that would be a failure of the system.
Your proposal violates the third point.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:01:53
Are you seriously asking that about a company with the word "payments" in its name and whose entire business model seems to revolve around third-party payment processing?
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:41:55
Honest question here: if you were sophisticated enough to mine your own bitcoins, why did you choose to send them to an exchange like MtGox? What advantage did that have over just keeping them yourself on your own computer?
@_date: 2017-09-04 00:06:02
Maybe they've just never been caught. Visa and MasterCard need to discover the violators before they can be punished. I've certainly never seen a gas station offering a cash discount.