@_author: danny-fr
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:55:21
Out of curiosity, if a scenario happened where the miners hard forked and the bitcoin blockchain ended up without hashrate, wouldn't it theoretically enable one of these big miners to attack it just like in the shitcoin scenario?
Candid question only, as I personally don't really worry about the bitcoin blockchain as mich as I'm wondering about al the lesser platforms using PoW.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:58:12
So, I've read all the comments at this point and I'd like to underline (or sum-up, or a bit of both) a couple of things.   
\- To start with, I think the whole debate about PoW should exclude Bitcoin by default and look at the risks taken by other platform which use the same algo but can't compare to Bitcoin in term of processing power. There are many debates around Bitcoin already, from scalability to speed to volatility, and much effort still needs to be made in order to, at least, clarify those points for the general public. 
\- This segues nicely into the question of whether it's viable for future platforms to keep on using this system. If tomorrow someone came up with an interesting platform, what consensus would they use? I think this question is partially answered by u/dalebewan when they talk about Stratum V2. 
\- If (if) \[if\] {if} we still want to talk about PoW in Bitcoin, the issue I see is in that it had become a way to turn excess energy into value -which, don't get me wrong, is a good thing- but going there it has gone away from an state, which is ideal for some, where the small guys have higher chances to get rewards and where incentive is spread more evenly across the network. 
From my point of view I find it interesting to come back to the basics every now and then. I certainly don't want blockchain to stop at Bitcoin, and to do so it's healthy to question/explore the fundamentals of the tech on occasions. FWIW that statement in OP's post gave birth to pretty informative exchanges.
@_date: 2019-08-23 14:01:55
Fair argument. 
For category 1., Bitcoin is competing with systems which are much faster and much widely used at the moment. Ideally a much broader adoption is the target, and to do so there are some caveats which need to be sorted out (spikes in tx fees, volatility, scaling...). At some point, it might be possible for Bitcoin, through updates and evolutions, to reach the level of adoption of, say, Visa, but it certainly won't be the Bitcoin we know now. 
That's why I find it interesting to experiment with other approaches, which can at least lay the groundwork for further evolution. 
Concerning 2., there is an actual demand in many industries for a system which decentralises trust. Sometimes for the sake of transparency, sometimes for practical reasons. I, myself, would welcome accessible and decentralised content production, with or without a financial system attached to it. 
It is possible that the blockchain hype has pushed some people to kick the anthill and find new answer to old problems which up to now were left alone due to inertia, which would actually sum up the demand there is now, but I believe that if solutions to fulfil that demand were actually ready to use and accessible, they would be in use already.  
Then, I think it's also fair to say that it's not because something hasn't been demonstrated yet that we must stop looking for that demonstration, trial and error is, after all, part of the scientific method and I'm very partial to finding exciting new things (that work).
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:38:53
For Bitcoin, and that's the keyword. We're talking about a platform that does its work rather well but prioritizes huge miners who can in a whim make transaction fees so high that it's not worth using.
I used to pay for my Steam games in BTC, guess what happened when the fees went through the roof? Steam stopped using bitpay.
As long as issues like this are possible it will be difficult to cultivate trust in the tech. Not the currency, the tech
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:43:47


Copy-pasting it from my other answer, to keep things in a single thread:   
I basically said that if you mean that the value is separate from its carrying network, then any network carrying that value will have to perform well enough to compete with existing, more widely adopted solutions.
Even in case Bitcoin becomes, say, the backbone of many 2nd/3rd layer solutions, it doesn't mean that we have to stop here. To me, it's for the same reason that we have motorbikes \_and\_ cars, or SQL \_and\_ MongoDB. I do believe in different approaches to a problem. Now, if we take the car example, I feel that we fail to agree whether bitcoin is the car or the wheel.  


Well SHA1 hasn't changed either. We just found that it wasn't secure. And to remain at cosmic level, when we believed the sun was orbiting the earth, it didn't change the sun. More observation leads to change of point of views lead to more knowledge? 


I don't mean to. My first concern is that I find it important and interesting to keep on researching alternatives to the Bitcoin blockchain. Bitcoin in general is a fantastic concept.   


I feel that the only thing that separate our views at this point is giving other solutions some time. I can live with that. That said, I rarely engage in internet debates and this one is/was enjoyable. I'm using a slash because I must now part from my keyboard. Again, thanks for the convo.
@_date: 2019-08-23 14:50:37
|Bitcoin is a currency, not a payment network.
You will find that without the network securing the transactions, handling the fees and mining the coins, Bitcoin will immediately become much less appealing. 
Secondly, Bitcoin is a Cryptocurrency, born before everything from the trust in mathematical proofs. Part of its appeal is that the final amount of coins cannot be altered, which is hardly feasible with a traditional currency. It is the very transactional system of Bitcoin that makes it what it is. 
|Visa is a payment network
So is the bitcoin network, the coins can't move on their own.
|It's why I spent many years looking as well. I stopped looking when it didn't make sense anymore.
Which is commendable, but there are other smart people who keep on looking and sometimes find technologies that might or might not be cogent, but have real life applications, thinking of Hashgraph, for instance, which seems to work pretty well in federated deployments. 
|Second layer technologies and now the first emergence of third layer technologies is really exciting. I'm looking forward to seeing what interesting things we can build there.
We agree here, so do I. Then again you just stated that Bitcoin, just like the Dollar, is a currency. How do you build second layer tech on the top of a currency as opposed to the tech that moves that currency around?
IPFS is one application for one use case, which is a major one but is designed to work within its scope. One application for one use case doesn't means research has to stop for a more versatile solution. 
|We no longer look for planets in between Venus and Mercury because we're really sure that if there were one.
And yet, after all this time spent looking at the sky, not too long ago Pluto was still a planet. Closer to us, SHA1 was at one time considered secure. 
We've had centuries to look above us, 26 years with SHA1 and 10 years with blockchains (much less if you consider that effort to look at other uses started at NXT or Ethereum). I'll give time a chance.
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:02:54


It has come to my attention that you might hint at Bitcoin being handled by second layer solutions. Just to clarify, it is currently not possible to decouple Bitcoin from its protocol, whatever the protocol is, and whatever the protocol used, adoption of Bitcoin will depend on that protocol's ability to maintain its core properties while being able to rival in performance and accessibility with current payment networks.Hopefully that cleared up the potential semantic issues.
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:24:33
That's on me, English isn't my native language. 
I basically said that if you mean that the value is separate from its carrying network, then any network carrying that value will have to perform well enough to compete with existing, more widely adopted solutions.   
Even in case Bitcoin becomes, say, the backbone of many 2nd/3rd layer solutions, it doesn't mean that we have to stop here. To me, it's for the same reason that we have motorbikes \_and\_ cars, or SQL \_and\_ MongoDB. I do believe in different approaches to a problem. Now, if we take the car example, I feel that we fail to agree whether bitcoin is the car or the wheel.