@_author: danorion369
@_date: 2017-05-02 00:04:10
i understand your point of concern but it kinda sucks when the smaller people like me have little voice because of distrust from fellow little people like you.  if i don't speak up, big companies like them won't reevaluate the way they treat their customers and by the time trust within the community happens, it'd be too late.  
@_date: 2017-05-02 00:13:40
i've also had no problems with coinbase but i can see problems happening every once in a while to every company.  when things are smooth, they're great.  when problems happens to certain customers without affecting everyone, and the companies are bad at handling them, all customers may want to know because it says a lot about the company.  because if you don't find out through those people and the problem persists, once it affects a larger audience, it'd be too late.   
@_date: 2017-05-01 23:57:17
sorry guys, i was just upset that day and needed to vent so thought it was a good time to join reddit to do that.  here's there email i'd received from them.  I've been with them for several years now with no problems but due to this recent issue, i became skeptical.  IF THEY WANTED TO CANCEL MY ACCOUNT, THEY CAN AT LEAST PROVIDE THE RESPECT TO TELL ME WHY BECAUSE I HAVE NO FRIGGIN' CLUE.  I FEEL LIKE THEY DROPPED ME WITHOUT CARING TO EXPLAIN SO THAT ALONE IS A HUGE SIGN OF INTERNAL TROUBLE FOR ME.  
IF THIS HAPPENS TO ANYONE ELSE, PLEASE POST HERE SO OTHERS CAN HOP OUT BEFORE SOMETHING LIKE MT GOX REPEATS ITSELF.
GOOD LUCK EVERYONE
Dear xxx,
We regret to inform you that your verification request has been denied.
Account Termination Notice
After careful consideration, Bitstamp decided to terminate Your access to Your Account in accordance with our Terms of Use. Your account will be terminated from the date of this notice having been received by you. This notice shall be treated as having been served upon completion of the transmission of this email.
The decision to terminate your Account has been reached following a close examination of your information which you have provided. It is our view that any continuation of our relationship would not be appropriate at this time due to internal compliance policies.
For more information, see our Terms of Use:  
Please resubmit your documents as described on our verification page: 
If you have any questions regarding Bitstamp exchange service please read our FAQ or use our support form ( Our support staff will be more than happy to assist you.
Best regards,
Bitstamp team
@_date: 2017-05-02 00:07:33
i had attached it above.  they just sent me an informal account closure email from the ''bitstamp team.''  i've traded so many times with them for a while and they've made a bunch of money off of me.  if i've violated some policy, like perhaps my coins weren't clean or my verification paperwork weren't valid, then give me the details so i can fix it as opposed to just canceling my account altogether with a vague response.  