@_author: danosphere
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:25:55
^^ please read this thread and the info contained there as it will answer many questions that otherwise may be repeated here. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:15:19
Right, you need some kind of base-client for any p2p network, which the decentralized market is built upon. This is more focused on improving the accessibility of that market since its already there hiding in the existing client and is accessible via RPC.
Just kicked in 200k more on behalf of the team. ;)
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:25:20
The problem with Bitcoin is it represents a technology with incredible potential- a decentralized, provable database called the blockchain. Bitcoin uses this *only for transactions and block rewards*, when it can be used for much more.
People could also argue that the block time on Bitcoin makes it slow to perform transactions,. It is subject to 51% attacks and doesn't seem to be looking to implement a solution (to my knowledge) to that anytime soon (like slingshield). 
Altcoins are where the innovation is happening even though I respect that Bitcoin is certainly leading the charge in terms of popularity, raising awareness and market penetration.
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:21:15


It is an altcoin and a suite of services built directly into the blockchain of said altcoin. It is a combination of Bitcoin/Namecoin/Litecoin and is **not a complete rewrite**. This is built on proven and peer-reviewed technologies. The video in this post was not intended to be a technical video.


The team at  and partners, soon to be announced.


- Name Aliases
- Digital Certificates
- Marketplace
- Data Aliases
- Generic Datastore
All of the above features are on the blockchain, so they are all decentralized and provide provable ownership via the Syscoin network. They are stored in block, this is not an additional protocol like Mastercoin on top of the blockchain. This is direct integration.
Your comments in regards to Openbazaar and the other links you posted indicate your lack of understanding the Syscoin feature set. Please read the preann on bitcointalk for more detailed information, it also contains diagrams that directly compare Syscoin to Bitcoin.


Yes, I guess the use of "intrinsic value" value here is subjective. Services provided by the coin facilitate much more than just simple "transacations". I would argue these services provide large value in and of themselves, thus intrinsic value.
@_date: 2015-03-28 07:31:55
Were you using a wallet running on the cakenet? Here is a quick blog post on how to get up and running, just tweet and then send your cakenet address starting with "T". Once you have enough tSYS you can "purchase" a mug or USB stick for free (essentially, as its test SYS not real SYS) - 