@_author: danpolage
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:47:59
What about profits from synthetic trades at ABRA? The underlying coin has always been BTC. And if you ever DO want to cash out a little bit of profit into true USD you have to do so via your linked bank (so the IRS will always see that)? So how is this going to work if you loaded your ABRA account with one BTC back in 2016?  Guess what I am saying is that there will be those ABRA users that never touched or traded their one BTC from 2016 until now have it easy reportingwise; 
But then there will be others who took that 2016 BTC; synthetically traded it into ADA made decent profits, retreated to a BTC position in 2018/19 - but now have, say 2 or 3 BTC. If the time EVER comes to cash out, how will that get reported to the IRS?  It was always BTC (and never really ADA - but it was a form of "accelerated," BTC due to the exchanging). So how should or will (or CAN it even) it be looked at by IRS?
@_date: 2019-07-18 15:12:57
Translation: "We don't want to take even a dent (news flash: already dented) to our position as centralized fractional dictators of the world's reserve currency.  And even if we can't stop this train from leaving the station we will do everything in our power to slow down and frustrate  more people from getting on the train.  Which means, myself and the president will now be constantly tweeting and twitting every day, and making more and more appearances on CNBC to put the fear of God into your viewers that they should probably stay away from Bitcoin."
Truly shitty thing here is that you know, "they," are or will secretly hedge at some point: "I only purchased a few thousand BTC to study it and understand how evil it is - you know, so I could protect the American people. "
So will someone get into the real meat of this and speculate just "how bad," and for "how long," "the President and I," could realistically try to hold off BTC?
Unfortunately crypto and BTC advocates speak in generalities that mass adoption is coming. True - but does that mean within the year? Or, decades away because threatened government CAN do a little bit to really slow the train down.  Just want people's take on how this is going to play out:)
@_date: 2019-07-17 19:08:36
So then are we (or should we be) in a rapid arms race for mass adoption?
@_date: 2019-07-11 00:57:47
Thanks a ton for your answer. Related: Do you have any idea why ABRA requires that BTC only be sent to NON-SEGWIT address at the present time? Does this make things difficult or is it not all that big a deal? What are some examples of NON-SW addresses? Can they be cold wallets?
@_date: 2019-07-10 23:35:16
Does insanely high mean approaching 50% of the value of one BTC? I guess where I am going with this is: Make $100K in the stock market and to get it out you will pay a third in cap gains, netting out only $70K to budget for that car you wanted to purchase.  Will attempting to use BTC (even to purchase from a dealer that will take BTC) just end in the same result - a $70K car because a third of value was lost to transfer fees? OR, will "insanely high fees," be contained under 10% of the value of a BTC?
@_date: 2018-10-29 21:57:01
The majority of the comments on this seem to say, THE WRITING IS NOW ON THE WALL FOR A BCH FALL. But no one seems to be making any predictions about HOW MUCH LONGER Jihan can keep his dog and pony show going.  Anyone willing to reply with a TIMELINE of how this plays out? And, yes there were some saying, "years from now, Jihan is going to regret this," but this is all going to have to UNWIND rapidly after the fork in two weeks, no?  