@_author: danpascooch
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:07:22


If you truly are asking yourself "IF" a bottom exists at all than you shouldn't invest in that asset. 
Nobody said you have to time the bottom perfectly, we're not talking about day trading dips, just about when it make sense to buy in. When I decided I wanted to invest I waited for the next significant dip (&gt; 5%) to buy in, that is perfectly logical and a better decision than buying "whenever" 
Next time I have a chunk to throw into a crypto, I'll wait for the next dip then as well.   
(energit makes a good point, this was only possible because I did all of my trading within a bear trend, in a bull market waiting for a dip can cost you) 
@_date: 2017-07-25 20:48:38
Interesting point, as you can probably tell I'm a recent investor (3 months) and most of what I've seen is significant jumps and dips around a relatively stable median price. I dollar cost averaged down significantly by buying each dip, but this was only possible because I happened to be doing my trading within a bear trend. Within the tiny slice of cryptocurrency market history that I've been here for, buying the dips has been pretty effective and I'm finally cash positive (well I was yesterday lol) 
Thanks for the food for thought
@_date: 2017-07-18 15:13:10
Oh awesome, it's great to see that **dictionary definitions** are being rewritten in the name of partisanship, I'm sure that'll go fucking great. 
Crack open a dictionary at least a decade or two old and you'll find a different definition:


( 
Antifa fit into this bucket right alongside some of the more extremist Trump supporters. They deserve each other, but we should discourage both of them from continuing their behavior.      
I can't wait to see "right-wing" and "left-wing" slipped into all sorts of definitions of unfavorable things, that'll help the current partisan climate and totally won't undermine peoples' actual understanding of these principles and ideologies. Fuck. 
@_date: 2017-07-18 15:15:45
Yeah, everyone knows it's impossible for two bad groups to exist simultaneously, if the Soldiers of Odin are bad then Antifa must be good. It's science.  