@_author: dantegus
@_date: 2014-12-27 10:22:27


They certainly do get paid, and in fact migrant workers in UAE send home billions of dollars to their home countries every year. This cash makes a vital difference to some of the world's poorest countries, and is a powerful force for breaking the cycle of poverty.
You don't have to take my word for it. American economist Michael Clemens wrote a report on migrant workers in UAE in 2013 ([source]( He had this to say:


That's not to say that there aren't occasional instances of non-payment of salaries, e.g. when companies go bust, but that is the exception, not the norm.


I work with labourers in UAE and whilst their accommodation is basic, they are not "dying in droves". There is nothing to indicate that their death rate is any higher than normal for working age males.
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:09:15
You are correct. UK is ahead of UAE.
[Here are the full rankings](
@_date: 2014-02-22 11:22:35


Dalelv was not "imprisoned for being raped". It was never proven if she was raped or not. The accused man testified in court that the sex was consensual. 
Legally it was never a rape case at all. In fact, Dalelv was only sentenced after [she admitted to police she had lied about being raped]( (on the bad advice of her employer). If she had stuck to her rape claim, she would never have been sentenced. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 09:21:50
Dubai does have many human rights problems but it has improved a lot recently and is no longer as bad as most people perceive. [UAE achieved ranking of 14th globally for human rights in the 2014 Human Rights Rank Indicator]( Still room for improvement of course and many problems do remain.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:28:24


That is a common myth. Migrant workers in the UAE are typically significantly better of than their peers at home. 
You don't have to take my word for it. Michael Clemens of the Washington DC-based Centre for Global Development wrote a report on migrant workers in UAE in 2013 ([source]( He had this to say:


So as you can see, it is not the oppressive situation that the sensationalist media would like to portray. That is not to say the situation is perfect. There are still occasional cases of abuse, and that is never acceptable.
@_date: 2014-04-07 09:43:00


I definitely fit that category. I got involved fairly early on, excited about the potential that BTC has. It is potentially a revolutionary system.
However there is too much resistance amongst the public to allows its widespread adoption. Over 3 years since I got involved, the same old questions and objections are still being repeated by the mainstream and it really hasn't reached a point where it could be considered useful to anyone but a core of enthusiasts. People just don't see a need for a new system when the existing one - for all its flaws - generally works fine for most. 
A lot of the practical benefits that BTC offers - such as almost instant payments between people - are now being offered by banks anyway. For example, in UK I can transfer money directly into my friends bank account instantly. 
Being uncontrolled by an government entity is touted in this sub as being a major benefit but actually most of the public don't care about this, or even consider it a flaw that it is not regulated.
I still think BTC is an awesome invention and maybe it will find a role one day. But it won't happen anytime soon and it might not be in anything resembling its current form. I see BTC as cool tech experiment that has taught us a lot but overall I don't anticipate it will become the revolutionary system a lot of us early adopters thought it could.
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:09:55
I too was surprised but just because it contradicts our preconceptions is not a reason to reject the findings.
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:31:42
It would basically be a huge headache because neither Lebanon nor UAE have easy or accesible ways to convert BTC to local currency. It would be faster, cheaper, and easier to use conventional money transfer services.
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:31:47
I am aware of the HRW report and at no point does it say that workers are consistently unpaid. 


They don't literally post their money home. They wire it through money transfer services. Fees are around 1% of the total amount.


I agree there are problems with working conditions and of course the workers deserve more pay. However they certainly don't see being employed and being able to support their extended families at home an "idiotic idea".
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:31:47


Again, that is a common myth. Passport confiscation is illegal in UAE and is punishable with three years in prison. There are of course sadly some exceptions but generally these are rare.
Workers are generally free to leave, but if they leave before their contract has ended, they lose out on their end of term bonus, which is typically equivalent to about three months salary, so they usually don't leave early for this reason.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:33:23
There is sadly some slavery in UAE (as there is in literally every country in the world) but it is not state sanctioned. Slavery is highly illegal and harshly punished.
[The Walk Free Foundation investigated this and estimated that around 0.2% of the UAE's working population are slaves]( and they include bonded labour and indentured servitude in their definition. Even one is too many of course but it is hardly widespread.
@_date: 2014-12-04 10:47:48
The reason UK and US scored (relatively) poorly is mainly due to civilian fatalities in foreign military incursions. Domestically they are probably doing better than UAE, they just get marked down hard for deaths of foreign nationals.