@_author: dantenox
@_date: 2014-04-19 22:44:41
Your open to the change in bitcoin value while you were wagering.  It's not going to be ok to lose appreciable money to currency fluctuations while you wager.  
@_date: 2014-04-19 21:03:26
Not questioning your experience, but you haven't explained how it's relevant, other than stating it.  I agree many gamblers are addicts, but that doesn't mean a sports gambling addict wants their bet denomination to fluctuate outside of their control.  
Being an addict doesn't make someone an idiot, it means they have a particular personal weakness for some activity. Most gambling addicts I know don't bet on foreign exchange markets, which is closer to bitcoin fluctuation than sports gambling.
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:10:16
I think you are misinterpreting how gamblers make their wagers.  I hang out with heavy to light sports bettors every day, and the variety of specific wagers they make would probably surprise you.
Just because the house wins doesn't mean people don't have their own internal logic to what they do.  
You appear to be conflating sports betting/poker with other forms of.gambling, such as scratch tickets/keno.  They are very different, in terms of the people who engage in it and why they do it.
@_date: 2014-04-19 19:53:18
The price volatility is terrible for gamblers.  As the article points out correctly, gambling depends very precisely on the amount wagered.  Poker players and sports bettors need to know exactly how much they are wagering.
The price volatility is unwelcome in gambling for pretty much the opposite reasons assumed by people saying "gamblers already risk stuff they will love it.". Gamblers isolate risks for certain reasons. 
(I'm a professional poker player).  Poker players play the same stakes every day, generally.  Stakes denominated in bitcoin would fluctuate too much for most of the recreational players I play with.  It would discourage them from the game.  And the casual (losing) players are what keeps professionals in business,so we have to please them.
With a stable price, online gambling and bitcoin would be perfect together.