@_author: dantemp
@_date: 2019-12-12 09:08:52
Solar is becoming more viable by the day, nuclear fission is already pretty great, it's a matter of time Chernobyl to become a distant memory people aren't irrationally scared of anymore. Also fusion is 20 years away ^tm 
We gonna figure out power me thinks, some social issues would be much more volatile if we are going to point out potential problems.
@_date: 2019-12-11 15:19:19
Honestly, everything China does is a really cool idea that would've been pretty great if it wasn't being done by the Chinese government. People love to bitch about overpopulation but the pacific alone could host probably 100 times the current population of Earth on its surface level as far as space is concerned. Pair that with a flow of new resources through asteroid mining, AI driven workers to build cheap underground/underwater dwellings and the Earth is ready to host trillions of people and have them be comfortable as well. I find Futurology to be mainly cool, the depressing parts come from social dynamics that are already here and much worse now.
@_date: 2019-12-12 10:46:37
You are claiming that once we have AI the rich won't need workers anymore so they are going to just kill all of them off. We need one guy with enough money to buy enough military power to fight back against the class genocide to make it not worth it for the instigators. So, yeah, I do believe one philanthrop is more than enough.
Also, you are giving an example of governments and practices that were developed in a world with finite resources where the way to have for yourself is to take it from others. In a world with AGI, Asteroid mining and advanced power generation, the only finite resource will be the land. Generally people are more than willing to help others as long as it's not to their significant detriment. I believe that we are eventually going to reach a point where very few things would actually be detrimental to give away. Will take some serious time (I think the engineering of AGI is vastly underestimated by 99.999% of humanity) and we are going to go through some really terrible things while we are making the transitions, but I see no reason why we wouldn't end up better at the end. Other than worldwide nuclear/biological/something-else-apocaliptic war of course.
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:00:39
I'm sure that the transition period will be bumpy to put it mildly, I'm hopeful for how things will look on the other side, doesn't mean I don't recognize how much will go wrong in between.
@_date: 2019-12-11 17:17:29
I don't understand your question.
@_date: 2019-12-12 01:04:44
That's incredible shallow way of thinking. Just because you don't need something doesn't mean you will want to destroy it. People dedicate their lives to saving random animals and even plants, you think all the rich people would reach an agreement to kill off everyone they don't need? When they can easily take care of everyone by just letting ai do its thing and not lose anything for it? How the fuck your theories mesh with the fact that Bill Gates has saved several million lives on his own thanks to bringing clean water to African villages?
@_date: 2019-12-11 15:46:08
I sincerely doubt that. Everything can be manufactured, including clean air and water. We already grow viable food in labs. The reason I mentioned AI was because much of the cost for getting shit done is human salaries. AGI would make almost everything so accessible that at some point taking care of those that can't take care of themselves will be less hassle than waiting for them to die out.