@_author: danteheehaw
@_date: 2018-01-31 11:03:22
I had a co worker, he kept asking me about tips for investing in bitcoins. I told him it was a bad time (When they were priced @ 17000), it looks like we are on a bubble. Didn't listen. Invested a few grand. Now he's super fucking pissed. *shrug*
@_date: 2018-01-31 10:38:18
The decline of the bitcoin isn't a decline at all. Bitcoin bubbled. That's all. People saw the huge increase in market value. Started investing, raised demand. Now that its looking bad investors are leaving, decreasing demand. This a common occurrence in almost any investment. Usually on a much smaller scale, and is often refereed to a correction. 
The other issue is, more and more governments are starting to crack down on it, and seek taxes on cryptocurrency as a whole. Because they have been a great way for purchasing and selling illegal goods and content, it was only natural that a market for shady shit would grow. It's only natural that when countries start cracking down on it, those markets shrink a bit (or at least change tactics until they figure out a new plan)
@_date: 2018-01-31 10:31:17
Welcome to the world of investing. Do well, live well. Do bad, get gang banged by the bank, the IRS and the state. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 05:25:48
99% sure he knew that the anonymous nature of bitcoin would lead to drug trafficking. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:30:43
It's a bigger compound issue. One of the big appeals to bit coin was that it had pretty much no regulations. A lot of freedom. Wasn't taxed. (Great for illegal activities). Now that it's facing regulations, taxation, control, etc etc, it's been losing appeal portions of the market. That's causing the value to drop, initially. The second cause is people selling off, because they identified that, yup, bit coin lost some appeal, it's probably not going to peek out over the current value any time soon. It's going to fall. Sell now, wait till it bottoms out, buy again. You do yourself no favors by holding onto the bitcoin as the prices drop, when you can sell, and buy again later. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:07:09
If you buy something when its suddenly raising in value at a rapid pace, then you are already buying it on a bubble. The bubble will pop, they always do. Bit coin is crashing, for the time being. It will likely repeat the cycle again.
@_date: 2018-02-05 13:53:17
You don't understand what they did with taxes then. 25 year plan. 3 years have special exemptions for middle class and lower. Over the next 3 years those exemptions fade. At the end of the 3 years, middle class taxes will be higher than nowm.
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:49:17
Yeah, I don't need anyone knowing who bought 15 fully robotic sex dolls with Tom Brady's face with all those bitcoins. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:32:10
Every president, works on vacation. The difference is Trump feels the need to vacation every weekend. While he blast Obama for taking 120 days in 4 years. Not all golfing either.
No, Trump literally attacked Syria. Not ISIS, but Syria's military. Something he promised not to do. US had already gave up on FSA and was working with the Kurds under Obama.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:23:52
It has if you only go by a few limited examples
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:32:13
But wait! Trump and the GOP were going to cut taxes, cut spending and cut the debt!
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:11:32
You've failed to see the many many times he's failed to live up to a promise. Something simple, that is completely in his power, was he promised to release his tax returns if he won the election. There is nothing stopping him from doing so at this moment. I can understand him not being able to pass a law (You still got to go through congress). But, that was a promise he made, that is 100% within his power to do. 
Then there is taxes, he promised to cut taxes on the middle class. And promised to increase the tax on the super wealthy. The new  tax plan raised taxes on everyone except the rich, and reduced the taxes on the rich. Promised to close special loop holes. the new tax plan made more.
Promised to reduce government spending! Which has gone up a lot his first year. While reducing taxes. Meaning more debt
Promised to stay out of Syria and not bomb Syria. Which, he ordered, directly, a bunch of tomahawk missiles on a Syrian air base.
Said he would have mexico pay for the boarder wall. Yet is trying to get funding, out of the American taxes, to fund his wall. meanwhile, mexico said it isn't paying for a wall. 
He called Obama “the vacationer-in-chief” and accused him of playing more rounds of golf than Tiger Woods. He promised to never be the kind of president who took cushy vacations on the taxpayer’s dime, not when there was so much important work to be done. Trump has taken more vacation days in 1 year than Obama did in 4 years. Actually, Trump wasn't far behind Obamas total vacation days for 8 years. At this rate, Trump is set to have taken about 20% of his days off. Also, these days were all golfing, of all things the very sport Trump criticized someone for, is what Trump spends his vacation time doing.
He promised to bring down drug prices and fix health care, saying he had a plan that is guaranteed to work. After becoming president, he then stated, "Who knew healthcare was so complicated". Meaning, he literally was talking out his ass and was clueless on healthcare.
He lied about his net worth. Dozens of times. He kept saying he was worth over 10 billion. His net worth was pegged at ~4-5 billion.
Promised to save the coal industry. He did reduce regulations, but coal prices are still dropping, and becoming less and less profitable. That's because, guess what, every other nation and the world has been switching away from coal.
He even said he would appoint the most skilled people to lead the nation. He put Betty DeVos in charge of education. A lady who has her hands in schools in a state with the best public education. Sounds good right? Well her hands are in private schools. Not public ones. Those private schools, which receive more funding, are actually running below the state average of the public schools. Yes, under her power, schools better teacher to student ratios, better funding, AND parents who can afford private schools, are doing worse than public schools. Then he put a doctor, a medical doctor, in charge of urban development. The only qualification that anyone could possibly see, is because this said doctor is black... His Supreme court nomine couldn't even answer basic legal questions... 
He said he knew more about strategy and terrorism than the US military did. He said Obama didn't know what he was doing in Syria. Trump literally continued Obamas strategy in Syria and Iraq. 
I should add, he made 36 promises that he would do, day one, of taking office. He fulfilled 2. Broke or ignored 34.
