@_author: daphanthom
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:55:58
I agree with you. But since I'd estimate the majority, or at least a substantial portion, of people holding BTC right now fall into that camp, again why would they spend their BTC?
I think the only reason someone should spend BTC is if they've converted 100% to BTC. If they are holding USD at all, and have the option to spend USD or BTC, they are going to (and they should) spend USD.
Further, the only reason I would ever go full-BTC is if every single way I'd ever need to spend "money" accepted BTC. Credit card statements, rent, etc. Until that day, I won't go full BTC. Again, leading to the circumstance where if I have the option of USD or BTC, and I have some USD, why would I choose to spend the BTC over the USD?
Sorry if I am missing something here. I just think that in our apparent agreement that spending BTC is the wise thing to do if you go full-BTC, I am missing why anyone would ever go full-BTC until they know for sure they won't have to ever need to spend a "money" besides BTC. Thanks for engaging.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:38:08
I see your point as "why would I ever hold USD at all if I believed that strongly in BTC" and I agree you're right. But thats the thinking of a perfectly rational, non-risk-averse person. In that case, it is sound. 
For your average person who is holding on to some BTC, though, they'd never do this. Mom/Dad/Grandma won't convert 100% of disposable income to BTC. They're too scared/uninformed. So for them, why would they ever spend a single BTC they hold?
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:27:14
I think "let me hold on to my USD instead of spending it because I think I can earn 8% on it this year" is much different than "let me hold on to my BTC instead of spending it because I think I can earn 500% on it this year." 
EDIT: Further, the premise of your argument isn't really applicable. Before BTC, all one could hold was USD. So if I had 100k USD, and I wanted to buy a product, then of course I'd spend the USD not thinking "oh I can make X" in the market. Similarly, if all someone had today was 100k worth of BTC and they wanted a product, again, they'd have to spend the BTC and I'd agree with you. But in a world where I can hold 50k USD and 50k BTC, why on earth would I choose to spend the BTC, after seeing its value grow almost exponentially, when I can just spend the USD?