@_author: darawk
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:43:08
.4 now
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:39:32
It does fly. Accredited investors are allowed to buy equity in non-public companies. As long as the investors they allow in meet the right standards, its perfectly legal.
@_date: 2016-08-22 22:24:16
Ya, I mean, I think those valuations would be fairly excessive, and I do think you're right, they'll probably retain *at least* 50% of the company for themselves.
I think at its best the company is worth 70-100M (projecting a decent growth rate into the future - this is an optimistic range, but not crazy optimistic, IMO). Which means the most the tokens would be worth would be 35-50M. That, on the high end, gets you close to the total amount lost but doesn't quite meet it.
However, if the growth rate is better or you simply hold the coins for a bit, it should eventually reach par, assuming Bitfinex continues to operate and prosper.
It's also important to keep in mind though that the equity value represents a *floor* on the value of the BFX token. Bitfinex has still indicated that they intend to redeem the unconverted BFX coins for $1 each.
@_date: 2016-08-24 21:49:17
None of that is accurate. It is unlikely their future revenues will have much to do with the amount they convert. The company itself in its entirety would *maybe* be worth the full amount (being very optimistic), but there's no way they're going to convert more than 50%. Which means the amount they convert is not going to be designed to restore the full value of the tokens, which means that the amount they convert is untethered from the value of the company.
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:38:06
True, but we don't all need to actually own the equity in order to reap its reward. The fact that some people can convert to equity should, in theory, raise the price of the token to its equity value - allowing anyone holding it to cash out at an equity equivalent price. Though possibly with a small discount because the number of qualified investors may be small.
Even though it'd be cooler if we could all own equity, this is still very good news, and the fact that they have to restrict it to qualified investors is not their fault.
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:55:24
True, but that's why there's an open market in BFX coins. Since the BFX coins are worth their equity value to these qualified investors, the market price should reach, approximately, their equity value, allowing BFX holders to at least cash out at an equity equivalent valuation for their coins.
Now, there may be a slight discount here due to the fact that these investors may not want to / have the capital to accumulate an arbitrary amount of equity, but still, it should substantially help the situation for people who's losses are still denominated in BFX.
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:41:36
That's not how you value a company unless you're liquidating it. You value a company on the basis of its discounted future cash flows; which you in turn estimate by looking at their historical cash flows and their likely future growth rate. Historically, their cash flows have likely been quite good (based on transaction volume, fee rate, and a generous estimate of their costs) and probably justify a valuation at least close to the amount taken, and possibly quite a bit more, depending on the parameters of your model.
@_date: 2016-08-05 19:14:23
@_date: 2016-08-15 21:49:50
The particular vector someone used isn't that important (not totally unimportant, of course). The most important thing is that they switch to hot/cold wallets, which they have done. This prevents any disaster of this magnitude from happening again.
There are a number of reasons they might not want to reveal exactly how someone got in, but as long as they've taken the necessary precautions to separate hot/cold funds, I don't mind not knowing the exact details of the attack.
@_date: 2019-07-16 19:07:28
You have no idea what you're talking about. The exchange is not compromised in any way - even if what you're saying about Tether is true.
@_date: 2019-07-16 19:28:00
Yes, we all know that Tether can print money whenever it wants. Any exchange can also do this, internally. Lots of people in the ecosystem can act in bad faith. The question is: are they? You haven't provided any evidence that they are. Nor have you made any argument that Tether represents a risk to the exchanges themselves.
@_date: 2019-07-16 21:03:00


Lol what are you even talking about. Tether is just one asset among many that these exchanges trade. Do you think the NASDAQ goes bust every time a company it lists goes bankrupt? 


Compromise how. How, exactly, will any exchange be compromised by Tether. Walk me through the physics. What is it exactly that will occur?
@_date: 2014-08-31 01:37:59
That doesn't have any effect on the incentive to hoard bitcoin, though.
@_date: 2014-07-15 08:52:47
Of course it doesn't matter who does which.  What matters is the aggregate totals.  The deflationary/hoarding argument against bitcoin is not that consumers will hoard bitcoin, but rather that bitcoin will be hoarded in general.
The anti-bitcoin POV is this:  Bitcoin is inherently deflationary, so it is inherently wise to hoard bitcoin.  However a valuable asset that's *never* spent is worthless, so eventually people will spend it.  Once people start doing this, it triggers a minor panic with everyone trying to cash out with everyone noting the downtick in price and concluding that now is a good time for them to exercise their asset as well.  This leads to a fundamentally cyclical economy of booms and busts and is (supposedly) true of any asset-backed or otherwise deflationary currency.
Arguments against this theory include:
1.  There's no real empirical evidence that that happens.
2.  There's no strong empirical evidence that inflationary currencies mitigate this problem.
3.  Bitcoin is fundamentally different from all currencies that have come before it.
4.  The world economy is fundamentally different than at any other time in history.
@_date: 2014-08-02 23:05:29
As a counterpoint to this story, I booked a hotel room with bitcoin recently through expedia and that part was fine.  However, the hotel ended up refunding me the price of my room (they overbooked), and telling me to contact expedia to receive my refund.  After 6-7 calls to their support and them continuously telling me that it would be 'credited back to my card' (even after my explaining to them several times that this was not possible and I didn't pay with a card).  I've spoken to managers and managers of managers.  Some of whom claimed to know about bitcoin, and all said i would be receiving my refund shortly, but the last few refused to give me a particular time frame.  It's been over a full month now and I haven't received any follow-up from them and I definitely haven't gotten my coins (or equivalent cash) back.
The experience was good on the buying side, but beware that they are completely incapable of giving you any sort of support if something goes wrong or in an even slightly unexpected direction.
EDIT: For anyone reading this in the future, I have since been repaid (after two months).  It was definitely a shitty process, but hopefully they're working on it, and I did eventually get my money back.
@_date: 2014-08-03 05:09:09
Ya, I understand that, but their policy for bitcoin explicitly states that they have worked this out with coinbase: 
And I even paid with a coinbase account, so it should be utterly trivial for them to execute this operation.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:25:33
Demand is never certain to increase, of course.  But the argument goes that if the oscillations of demand are the only pressure-release valve on the value of a currency, then the value of that currency will be inherently cyclical (note: I am not saying that it will rise forever).
Economists would argue that the ability to alter the money supply artificially allows the government to release some of this pressure before it 'explodes', so to speak.
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:41:10
I have a chase account and i've never had any problems like this.  I've sent money to coinbase and bistamp at fairly regular intervals for almost a year now.
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:35:55
Yes. 1 BCC + 1 BCU -&gt; 1 BTC
@_date: 2016-06-23 07:52:22
He was presumably referring to factoring Q into A*B as that is a classical hard problem.
@_date: 2018-10-10 16:31:04
Tell me, how are these people made better off by not offering them employment?
@_date: 2018-10-26 16:20:08
This is a good thing. StableCoins provide proxies for fiat currencies, which bring some stable reference points to the markets. However, precisely because of the restrictions that come along with that, they will not displace the utility of real cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-10-11 02:30:24
If you want to pay them more than $1.50, go ahead. But you don't. Someone, however, does want to pay them $1.50, and until they get a better off, they'd be well advised to take it.
@_date: 2018-10-10 16:20:53
You mean...he used to run a business where he offered people the opportunity to make $50/month, and they took it because it was better than whatever they were doing before?
@_date: 2018-10-11 02:29:42
Ok so let me get this straight. You believe that these people, who are *choosing* to accept these jobs, are making *themselves* worse off? Why would they make a choice that harms themselves?
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:17:22


You should, it's extremely short. Only two pages:


No. They represent that, at a specific, randomly chosen (and not forewarned), recent (June 1st, this year) time  Tether was in control/ownership of USD equivalent to the outstanding value of all Tether coins. They verified in direct communication with the banks.


date of	 June	1st,	2018,	and	 received	 the	 following	balance	information	 from	Tether’s	two	banks as	of	
the	 close	 of	 the	 banking	 day.	 	 FSS	 received	 the	 following	 confirmations	 from	 the	 respective	banks by	
sworn and	notarized statements provided	by	duly	authorized personnel.
BANK	1: $1,968,538,584.82	USD	(unencumbered)
BANK	2: $576,528,652.00	USD	(unencumbered)
TOTAL:		$2,545,067,236.82		USD


Your anecdote has this interesting little tidbit. Why do you think the lawyer didn't want to put his lie in writing? Because he knows that he'd be legally responsible for its veracity. So yes, lawyers may be willing to lie in contexts and settings where it is difficult for them to get provably caught. But in the scenario we're discussing, this law firm has published this report, in writing, with specific, clearly worded statements in a formal way, under the aegis of their firm. If they are lying, they're going to be caught. Your anecdote actually shows quite the opposite of what you intended here. 
It shows that you shouldn't trust what a lawyer tells you verbally, but you should trust what they put in writing. The Tether report is, notably, in writing.
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:15:46


I don't recall saying they were. Nor do I believe that they are. What I believe is that they did exactly the things they said they did, and reported exactly what the literal outcome of those actions was.


Again, i'm not representing that they did a good audit. Or that they did an audit at all. I'm saying that unless these lawyers are lying *directly, in writing*, Tether has access to the funds they claim, or Tether has conspired with their banks to deceive the law firm.
I'm not trying to debunk the statement "Tether is functionally insolvent". I'm debunking the specific argument you made. If you want to argue that they are still insolvent, you can find another angle. Like, for example: 
Tether only has the funds in an account they control because they took out a short term loan to cover the amount, and since the statement released by this firm made no representation about Tether's outstanding liabilities, this represents an uncovered loophole that presumably would have been closed by a proper audit.
The reason it's useful to design specific scenarios like this is that they make specific predictions. In this case, that Tether was able to secure a 2 billion dollar loan (or large loan sufficient to cover the delta between their presumably non-zero true reserves and the outstanding balance). Then we can ask questions like: How plausible is it that an entity would loan them that much money, given the speculation around their insolvency?
Now, you could also make an argument from signaling (which you now seem to be): Tether has a good way to signal X (a professional audit), but instead they've chosen a bad way (a weird statement from a law firm). Why would they do that if there were no problems?
Why indeed. This is a question that nags at me. I don't have a good explanation for it, but i'm also not sufficiently confident that such an explanation does not exist to make any definitive statements about it.
The purpose of all of these exercises is to be able to heuristically assign probabilities to each scenario. Here are the ones I can think of, off the top of my head:
1. The law firm is lying outright. I consider this low probability.
2. The banks conspired with Tether to deceive the law firm. Low probability.
3. Tether took out a short term loan to cover the delta. Medium-low probability. I say this because i'm skeptical that someone would let them hold that much money, given the speculation around their solvency. But i'm open to alternative arguments here.
4. Tether was insolvent in the past, but has since become solvent (perhaps through trading activity, bitfinex fees, making speculative investments and getting lucky, etc..).  Medium probability - no obvious reason this can't be the case.
These are the scenarios that come to mind for me by which this statement exists and they are still insolvent (or were). There may be others, but this is the best way I know to try to estimate the likelihood of an unknown.
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:44:08


No, and I stated as much, quite clearly.


You seem to want to simply appeal to authority, rather than responding to any of the things I said. Why is that? If you believe a specific thing that I said is wrong, i've invited you to say why.
For instance, the one thing you quoted:


I've quoted the entire statement. I articulated why I graded it medium-low probability. And yet, you didn't seem to respond to that. You could have said something like "Actually, based on my experience as an auditor, people would totally be willing to lend them that money, for reasons X, Y, and Z". But you didn't.
@_date: 2018-06-21 05:57:02
Ok, so if I understand your position correctly, you think that:
- I am underestimating the probability of overt criminality on the part of the bank. That seems reasonable.
- You're suspicious of some sort of unspecified and unknowable gremlin hiding in their lack of GAAP. That seems reasonable as well.
- You think them receiving a loan despite the suspicions of insolvency is not unlikely, because the loan could have come with a stipulation that the money never leave the bank. This seems like the most likely candidate to me.
- You correctly point out that they are under no legal obligation to exchange USDT for USD even if they do, theoretically, have the money. While you are absolutely right about this and I agree with you, the question I am most interested in answering is not: "will Tether repay their tokens?" but rather, "did Tether print unbacked tokens to prop up the entire crypto space?". Tether having a net-asset-value equivalent to the outstanding Tether tokens would be pretty good evidence that the token-printing hypothesis is false. However, because we can't see their liabilities, we don't know their NAV, only their assets (at a point in time).
Is that a fair summary?
@_date: 2018-06-21 05:19:15
I'll make it as short as I can, but I also want to lay it out clearly:
1. I believe that the literal statement made by the lawyers is likely true. I assign a high probability to its literal truth because it's an official statement, in writing. Agree/disagree? If disagree, why?
2. So, if you accept that it is literally true, then either Tether has control over a bank account with matching funds, or they have conspired with the bank to lie to the law firm. The latter seems unlikely to me because I assign a low prior probability to banks engaging in this sort of blatant criminality when they're likely to get caught, as they would be in this case. Agree/disagree?
3. If you believe that the bank did not conspire to deceive the law firm and the law firm is not lying, then you believe that Tether really does control a bank account with funds that match the outstanding USDT tokens. If this is true, the only way I can think of that they could be insolvent is if they have taken out a loan of some kind to cover their shortfall. A real auditing firm would account for this, but the law firm has not. Do you believe there is an alternative explanation for them having the funds and being insolvent?
4. If there are no alternative explanations, and you believe they are insolvent, then you must believe that they've secured a multi-billion dollar loan from somewhere. How plausible is it that someone would lend them that much money, given the speculation about their insolvency?
EDIT: In response to your edit, i'll add some quotes from the document to bolster some of my positions:


Compliance	Officers,	Chief	Technology	Officer,	Account	Relationship	Managers,	Chief	Operating	Officers,	
General	 Counsels	 and	 others.	 FSS	 requested	 and	 was granted	 authorization	 to	 perform	 unlimited	
examinations	of	the balances	at	Tether’s	banks,	had	communications	with	**authorized	representatives** of	
those	 institutions


sworn and	notarized statements provided	by	duly	authorized personnel.
To me, this refutes the idea that they simply spoke with a janitor or any person not in a position to give accurate, complete information. Do you disagree?


or	 controlled	 by	 Tether	 at	 its	 banks
To me, this refutes the view that it's "just a balance". They explicitly say "owned or controlled". Is there some subtlety here that i'm missing?
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:32:43


I'm a professional software engineer, so bad example. But yes I accept that they know more about Bitcoin than I do. And I also believe that if I asked them a technical question, they would give me a technical response. If they instead said "Just believe me because i'm a Bitcoin dev", when I know that they could just as easily have given me the technical details, I would judge that they probably didn't have a very well grounded position.


I don't recall having said that. Perhaps you are reading something other than what I am writing. I didn't say I know more than you about this. I setup a model of the situation and asked you to elaborate on it, or explain what was wrong with it. You responded by saying "I'm an auditor, trust me", which leads me to believe that you are incapable of elaborating upon, or contradicting the situations I described.
If I were wrong and so hopelessly uneducated, as you keep saying, you could have demonstrated that *immediately* by debunking my arguments. So, you have this really great way of showing me how stupid I am: Debunking my arguments. And instead of choosing that route you keep choosing this other route: Appealing to your authority as an auditor. So I ask myself, why does someone make that choice? What could motivate a choice like that? And the only answer I can come up with is that you have no argument. 
But as i've been saying this entire time, i'm happy to be proven wrong. I don't claim to have any special knowledge about this like you do. If you've got a better understanding, show me. Tell me why the situations I described were flawed, incomplete, or inaccurate.
EDIT: I realize that perhaps you have an inaccurate understanding of what I mean when I say you are "appealing to authority". Appeal to authority is a logical fallacy - not because you don't have any authority, and not because it makes you wrong to use it, and it's also not an attempt to say that my view is the epistemic equivalent of yours in this domain. What I mean when I say you are appealing to authority is that you are using your authority *as your argument*. It is not an argument. It is a data point. It is a piece of data that we may use to weight the *actual* arguments you might make. Maybe the argument you make gets assigned a weight of 0.99 and mine a weight of 0.01, because you are an expert. But you still have to *actually make an argument*. The appeal to authority is not an argument, standing on its own.
For instance, if you said to me: "Bitcoin shouldn't use the SHA256 hash function, it should totally use MD5, MD5 is faster and better". I could respond by saying "No, you're wrong, SHA256 is better, trust me, i'm a software engineer". But that's not an argument. An argument is: "No, SHA256 is actually more secure. Hash collisions have been found in MD5, and computational speed really isn't what you want to optimize for in this setting. You want to optimize for cryptographic security, which SHA256 has more of". See the difference?
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:18:50
Still responding, still not actually supporting your view. An incredible display of intellectual weakness. And because you clearly don't seem to know what an 'appeal to authority' is, here:
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:11:00


Appeal to experience is a form of appeal to authority.


So, why have you replied so many times?


The entire point, explicitly stated, from the beginning, of my comments was to get you to articulate what you think is wrong with them. You obviously put a lot of effort into writing your original comment. And then you shrink away from any challenge to it whatsoever? That sure sounds an awful lot like a certain crypto exchange hiring a law firm instead of an auditing firm. You have a good way to signal your view is correct (making an argument), and a bad way (appealing to authority, and then taking your ball and going home), and you choose the bad way. The only explanation I see for that is an inability to actually make your case. Just like the only reason you see for Tether choosing a law firm over an accounting firm is that they are insolvent.
@_date: 2018-11-25 10:00:16
It's not the case that nobody wants it, though. It's the case that not enough people want it, relative to the supply, so the equilibrium price is now lower than it was. If you reduce the supply, you put upward pressure on the price. Simple.
@_date: 2018-11-25 10:12:14


Those are the same thing. I'm not saying the price will shoot up. I'm just telling you that there will be upward pressure on the price from reduced supply. The price may still go down, because the selling pressure remains greater. But in order for that to happen, the selling pressure has to *increase* relative to what it is now, to sustain downward momentum.
@_date: 2018-11-25 09:48:52
@_date: 2018-11-25 09:21:46
If the time between blocks grows larger, then the inflation rate will slow as well, putting upward pressure on the price.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:31:14
I am the OP. The probability of mining 4 consecutive blocks is 0.25^4. The probability of mining that many in *3 minutes* is substantially lower.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:11:14
It may be required, but not exigently.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:59:42
Ya, i'm not saying it doesn't make sense to do. I'm saying that it didn't need to be rushed through if we had an alternative scaling solution.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:53:52
That's true. But as I said, that's not the interesting part. The interesting part is that they happened in the span of 3 minutes. I'm not sure how to calculate the odds of that, since I don't know the distribution of block times, but it seems very very low.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:23:34
Ya, if it was just 4 consecutive blocks, that might be. But 4 in three minutes? The probability of that has got to be astronomically low.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:21:53
So, literally none of this fork nonsense was necessary? lol.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:27:20
Ya, but the primary reason was to solve scaling. I.e. implement the LN. If you can implement an LN without segwit, this fork didn't have to be pushed through, as there were no exigent circumstances.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:32:42
Ya, that's what concerns me here. If it happened some other time I wouldn't be so worried. But it's extremely odd that such a statistically unlikely event happened right now. I don't know what it means, or why it might happen, but it seems like something people should be aware of.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:38:01
Ya, you might be right. But AntPool is BitMain, and we're on the eve of segwit signaling. I think it would be remiss not to notice something like this.
@_date: 2019-05-08 00:04:08
Important excerpts:




@_date: 2013-11-20 23:17:06
Yes, I agree.  I think that while the utility of bitcoin as a dominant currency for everyday use is a little bit far fetched, I think it can have an important and valuable role to play in the global economy.  Perhaps as an international reserve currency that is independent of control by any particular currency, or simply as a way of securely and quickly moving money from one place to another without dealing with the archaic infrastructure we have for doing that now.
Will bitcoin be used to buy coffee on a large scale?  I think once pure software payment systems like square that are easy to update become the norm, then having bitcoin as an option will be easy and I think it might even become commonly offered (as an option).  However, the deflation problem seems like it will relegate this to minority usage, at best, and I imagine that any vendors accepting it would want to use a service that instantly converts the customer's coins to their local 'fiat' currency.
That being said, the other uses are much more important.  Bitcoin is an excellent medium for banks and other financial institutions or financial service providers to move money amongst themselves.  It elegantly, simply, and efficiently resolves every major problem with international funds transfers, and once the banks get involved in trading it, the market should have plenty of liquidity.  I think it's this use that has the greatest potential in the near term (though I do think eventually *a* cryptocurrency will come to dominate consumer financial transactions, i'm not sure we've yet seen the model that will be the one to accomplish this).
@_date: 2019-05-08 00:12:20
They do not appear to have actually been hacked:


It seems like a large number of users got phished.
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:37:47


It's not at all implausible, and there is no good reason to think its even improbable.


Not necessarily.  It would have (maybe) increased global economic output, but not necessarily U.S. GDP.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:23:18
No, it does not.  At least, not unless banks the world over act in concert.  And even if they did, they'd be putting up more of a speed bump than a roadblock.  Bitcoins can be traded person to person, with or without centralized exchanges.
If bitcoin offers value, which I and many others here believe that it does, then someone will create services that allow people to purchase bitcoins, with or without the support of the banks.  Capitalism finds a way.
EDIT: To state that perhaps more clearly, the banking ecosystem is carnivorous by nature.  If all of the banks eschew bitcoin, there will be enormous profit available for the one who does not, and they're not really the type to leave money on the table.
@_date: 2013-12-29 05:37:07
How do you know GDP wouldn't have gone down drastically without the internet?  The fact that it stayed the same does not indicate anything at all about its impact.
Secondly, GDP is not the only sense in which something can have an effect on the economy.  GDP is a sum of outputs, but the internet has done something far more important than simply elevating this sum - it has changed the topology of our economy.  It has increased its efficiency immeasurably, and it has also leveled the global economic playing field, which probably accounts for some of the loss of GDP here.
GDP does not properly capture the essence of the internet's contribution to global commerce, and even if it did, the fact that GDP has stayed the same is not evidence of zero impact.
@_date: 2013-12-29 04:34:09
That article talks about net job growth in the information sector.  That is *far* narrower a subject than GDP in general.  And GDP in general is far narrower than the claim Paul Krugman made.
That being said, the claim is not particularly relevant anyway.  All it says is that between 2000 (at the height of the dotcom bubble, two years AFTER Krugmans prediction of irrelevance), 2011 information jobs experienced zero net growth.  What that actually means is that they crashed in 2000, and it took until 2011 to recover.  The two years between when that measurement starts and when Krugman made his prediction saw insane growth, however.  It got ahead of itself, and it took a decade to recover from its crash.  The growth between 1998 and 2000 however amounts to an enormous impact on the economy even in the extremely narrow definition of IT sector job growth.
There is no escaping the fact that the internet having no significant impact on the world economy was a stupid and spectacularly incorrect prediction.
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:34:23
There is no sense in which the internet's impact on the economy has not been greater than that of the fax machine.
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:42:59
There is a simple answer to his argument about gold's having intrinsic value:
When was the last time gold's ornamental or industrial value had any significant influence on its market price?
He holds up gold's usefulness as if it mattered.  Gold has a few industrial applications and aside from that its used as jewelry.  That demand is minuscule in comparison with the demand for gold as an investment vehicle
@_date: 2013-12-29 00:10:00
As far as I know, there is no way of establishing the truth of a claim like that.  Feel free to prove me wrong, though.