@_author: darcius79
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:19:49
 is a new one that just came out of beta and looks very slick. Has similar UI and graphs to the old Mintpal.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:57:30
I think that article had a really narrow perspective, focusing on just one potential (and unlikely) angle at directly making money by embedding the Bitshare chips. The real angle imo is getting a wallet in most hardware devices for the Internet of Things. summarised it pretty well the other day 
@_date: 2016-01-15 06:01:21
Some valid points certainly and I've also run XT nodes, but I never said anything about praising him, just respect for his work and efforts which can be given even if you think his departure wasn't the best way. He can certainly be dramatic, but that's just Mike for better or worse. You might think he harmed the community, but hard truths are never easy to swallow and I'm glad he gave a good summary of the current situation for everyone to read (not easy to get for readers in this sub usually), even if it wasn't done in the most tactfully smooth way. Bitcoin will survive no doubt.
@_date: 2016-01-14 22:45:02
It really is sad to see the crowd this subreddit now has after all the censorship and bannings. Hate Mike or love him, he has done a lot for Bitcoin and deserves some respect. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 23:39:14
Yeah reading the replies  to some of Mikes comments in here make it look like is populated by 6th graders. Not a good look at all.
@_date: 2016-01-13 02:58:09
Gotta admit, that gave me a good laugh.
Edit: And now I feel bad, looks like he just got removed from the moderators.
@_date: 2016-01-15 00:13:40
He has negative karma, just like a lot of the other people in here showing no respect. Most of the prolific posters are pretty obvious trolls.
@_date: 2016-01-16 03:54:24
At the moment, it's a fork with a one time increase in the blocksize cap to 2mb. This is modest increase done to appeal to as many miners as possible who have concerns and get them on board away from core. Once a clean hard fork is done and everyone see's they're not so bad, I'd suspect them to increase to a flexcap such as Bitpays one in the future as Gavin and other devs in classic have shown support for such a system. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 03:27:56
Bitcoin, the volatile digital currency, cannot help the Greeks of today. But it could mean a great deal to those caught up in currency crises to come.
Greece’s fundamental problem is that it cannot work its way out of its financial hole the way just about every other country outside the eurozone would: by printing money, and in the process making its goods and labour cheaper.
With a freeze on transfers of funds out of the country and a daily limit on how many euros Greeks can withdraw from the bank, there is a very real threat that countless Greek businesses will go bankrupt and Greece’s people could become unable to buy the basic necessities of everyday life.
For the average Greek, getting one’s hands on bitcoin requires buying it with euros — the last thing any sane Greek would give up. That’s why the bitcoin of today has no bearing on what could easily become a humanitarian crisis.
But bitcoin is at an inflection point, and it’s evolving much more quickly than all but its most dedicated observers realise. Whatever happens to bitcoin itself, the technology underlying it opens up previously unimagined possibilities for the future of just about anything humans exchange.
You don’t have to take my word for it. Hardly a week goes by that a large institution doesn’t announce its interest in bitcoin, whether it’s the chief information officer at UBS saying it could lead to “massive simplification” of banking, or the Bank of England declaring it will someday have “far-reaching implications”.
Deloitte recently issued a report on the potential for state-sponsored cryptocurrencies as an alternative to conventional money, and even Nasdaq is testing bitcoin technology for use on its stock exchange.
Yanis Varoufakis, Greece’s former finance minister, proposed on his blog more than a year ago that if Greece wanted to create its own currency to replace the euro, it could use the technology of bitcoin to create a currency that he called “Future Taxes” coin, the value of which would be guaranteed by future tax revenue taken in by the government.
If the idea of Greece rapidly switching to an alternative currency seems ridiculous, consider that it is happening already. In Greece, companies are doing what they often do in times of currency crisis, which is paying suppliers and employees in IOUs, or scrip, which are promises to pay back a debt as soon as the banks unlock a firm’s money.
I asked Michael Casey, the senior adviser to the MIT Media Lab on cryptocurrencies — and until recently, a reporter at The Wall Street Journal — whether or not the technology underlying bitcoin, known as the blockchain, could be used to issue this scrip.
Absolutely, he assured me, and the mechanism might be a new technology called “sidechains”.
To understand sidechains, it helps to know how bitcoin itself works. Broadly, transactions are recorded on a main digital ledger, called the blockchain, which is like any other account of transfers going back to the clay tablets that recorded pharaoh’s stores of grain.
Bitcoin’s ledger isn’t processed or stored by one central body. Rather, it is distributed across a global network of computers, some of which are granted an economic incentive to keep the whole system running.
Owing to this and other characteristics of bitcoin, no one on the system has to trust anyone else, neither a central transactional authority or the person sending them bitcoin, for the system to work.
No third-party verification of the transfer of bitcoin takes place, nor is it needed. Not only is this system potentially faster than current forms of digital transactions, it could also be a lot cheaper.
On top of this basic protocol, there are a host of proposals to modify bitcoin to let anyone use it for pretty much any transaction, including signing contracts, issuing stock, and representing any kind of currency, from US dollars to frequent-flyer miles. Sidechains are arguably the leading contender of these proposals.
But that’s just the start. Because bitcoin is becoming not a currency unto itself but a protocol, like the communications protocol that makes the internet possible, as well as a platform, like Apple’s app store, the kinds of transaction systems developers could build on top of it are limited only by our imaginations.
One idea, says Casey, is that Greece could create a “collateralised currency” backed by state-owned assets. Cryptocoins representing a fraction of all the country’s islands, ports and factories would hold their value as long as people believe the underlying assets do.
Thinking even further into the future, it isn’t hard to imagine a way to use digital tokens to permanently institutionalise the last resort in currency crises — barter.
The most exciting thing about bitcoin’s blockchain technology is that it has the potential to democratise how money is created. And that, for many observers, is fundamentally what the debate over Greece and the fate of the entire European Union is about.
@_date: 2015-09-08 23:31:24
He's a buttcoiner, I wouldn't waste your time.
@_date: 2015-09-22 01:30:46
Save your breathe man, this thread was started by a Buttcoiner and most of the comments in here are from other Buttcoiners.