@_author: darenjax
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:38:56
i love bitcoin.. but many times when a new industry is being built, in this case.. the "blockchain" aka internet 2.0 aka Moon+.. often is the case that the companies/brands that start the movement are replaced by the "better" version, and then those also replaced (we can be friends on Six Degrees or MySpace still, right?).. now let me repeat.. i love BTC.. i have some.. and LTC, and obviously the actual most best crypto, Doge! - so im not suggesting something stupid like "bitcoin cash IS THE TRUE BITCOIN!!" but i dont think Bitcoin is the "forever" crypto.. i have a couple of thoughts on how Bitcoin plays out.. my strongest is that this Bitcoin Moon rush is great for making the public aware of --- AND ACTUALLY WANT TO LEARN MORE about the new technology that is emerging, albeit - some still don't know quiet *exactly* how a "bitcoin" works or even what it is - people, who not too long ago, dismissed it are now intrigued as the price skyrockets and they see "legitimate financial institutions" talking about getting in to it or offering products related to it.  We are in the sweet spot - a time where bitcoin has been in the back of the public's mind for a while now - unless you lived under a rock for the past decade - you would have at least heard of it being used to "do illegal stuff on the internet" or heard someone mocking it as "fake internet money".. however now.. with distrust around the world of the banking system and other financial institutions having grown tremendously over the past few years.. people look for change.. especially if you find yourself in a country who has no banking system, or your government has decided to give you a "haircut" or manipulate their currency.. people around the world are recognizing the power this has.. decentralizing money - getting it out of the control of the government and bankers.  That being said - Bitcoin isn't really "the big part" of what this technology has to offer.. this is just the opening act.. big changes are coming to more than just "money" i guess my point is the beauty of crypto.. no matter what it ends up being - is the BLOCKCHAIN, you can digitize your wealth, documents, photos, files, identifications, any other property (car/boat/airplane/drone/robot registration or proof of ownership, etc..) and protect it on the blockchain.. a huge advantage to anyone who routinely has run-in's with people (or governments) who may want to relieve them of their possessions..  for countries that dont have advanced networks to store records on - like back in 1973 when a fire destroyed 18 MILLION american military records.. fires still happen.. and they can happen at centralized data centers and take out the whole server farm - heck... you know who could have really used blockchain? The Library of Alexandria when the army of Julius Caesar burned it down in 48BC.. but seriously.. bitcoin as we know it could easily, and quickly, die WHEN the better version comes out and gets mass adoption.  Those last to make the switch get hosed.   And like netscape - who helped usher in the internet.. it will disappear, but the engine behind it will grow and thrive.  [BLOCKCHAIN IS FUTURE.. ALL HAIL THE BLOCK!"] Now.. enough of what i think is going to happen.. My hope is that bitcoin will live on forever with OG cryptostatus and our grandchildrens kids will be impressed when they find out the family still HODLs 5287 satoshis on the blockchain in a hot wallet (purchased before it hit 10k - not to mention the 17.4BTC in cold storage on a paper wallet - but they dont need to know about that, obviously).. which at that time, according to several calculations i've seen on r/bitcoin, should be worth several trillion dollars (will those still be a thing?), or doge - at least.
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:17:28
doesn't appear he specified a market in which bitcoin has to surpass the 10k mark.. didn't bitcoin trade for over $13k in zimbabwe during the coup?
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:39:53
smoke em if you got em?
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:36:29
he was making the point that the average user doesn't have to master the underlying technology in order to use it... in his example he is pointing out that the internet, now adopted and used by billions, probably only has a very small percentage of users that are fully aware of the entire process of how their brilliant thoughts are transmitted to the world.
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:32:40
Uh, how'd you know? Lol
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:57:18
did you draw a dick and balls in the sky with your rocket?
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:46:26
do you know how complicated the internet is? look how many brainiacs found their way on it after a few years.. just takes a couple companies simplifying the user interface/interaction to have "mass adoption"
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:14:55
Yea, I realized that after i clicked save. Didn't look as big in my little text window.