@_author: dare2poke
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:39:01
Thought one of Andreas' comments on the utility of Bitcoin futures was on point. [My understanding is that] while speculators participate in derivative markets (e.g., futures, options, etc.), the majority of volume in these markets relate to hedging and risk management
1). There seems to be a natural seller of BTC futures contracts: mining operators
2). Outside of speculators, there does not seem to be a natural buyer BTC futures
3). As a result, my initial impression is that BTC futures will result in more selling pressure than buying pressure (unless existing futures market (e.g., BitMex) already provide mining operators a market for this kind of hedging.
4). Thoughts?
WARNING: Wall of text:
Some grossly over-simplified examples:
Oil example: Companies in the business of oil exploration and production leverage futures contracts to sell against their expected future production. Companies invest in capital equipment to drill into new sites based on their future expectations for the price of oil; in the future, if the future price of oil drops too low, oil exploration operations would be rendered unprofitable (and it would make more sense for the company to cease drilling). By selling a futures contract against expected future production, they are able to hedge against unexpected drops in the price of oil, and lower the volatility of their future profitability.
Currency example: Global companies that sell goods in one country but have operations in another minimize the impact of currency on their existing operations using derivatives. BMW sells cars in the U.S. for USD and have manufacturing operations in Germany (payroll, loans, etc... are in EUR); it would be devastating if the USD weakened vs. the EUR such that, despite managing a solid operation, the business becomes unprofitable. In this case, BMW would want to purchase a contract that enables them to sell USD for EUR at a set price.
In Andreas' video, the equivalent market participant here would be the miners. Operators of BTC mining operations are efficient at mining BTC at low cost. Similar to oil, at a certain level of price per bitcoin and transaction fees, mining operations become unprofitable. Miners have an incentive to sell bitcoin futures to preserve expected future profitability based on the required rate of return on investment. 
Who would be on the other (buy) side?
The oil and currency markets have natural players who have incentives to buy futures contracts.
Oil example: oil refining or distribution companies. These companies have end customers who have a demand for oil and oil products (cars, tires and other oil byproducts). If you were a gas station or tire manufacturer, it wouldn't be good for your end customers to be "out of stock" because you ran into supply chain issues.
Currency example: just like how BMW needs to pay their workers in EUR, there are other companies in the U.S. who sell products or services in EUR. This creates a natural participant to take the other side of the contract.
Who would the natural "buyer" be for Bitcoin? Based on the current state of Bitcoin, there does not seem to be any major operations running on Bitcoin; or in other words, no one NEEDS Bitcoin for their current business or operations. The only player I could think of would be exchanges, or brokers of Bitcoin who need to have inventory in order to create liquidity; these businesses profit by charging transaction fees for use of the platform and without an inventory of Bitcoin, would not be able to operate. 
Otherwise, it seems like the only other players on the "Demand" side of Bitcoin futures would be speculators. But why would you buy a futures contract instead of the actual underlying asset (except for institutional money that could not invest due to regulations/policies)? 
I would love to get your thoughts on the above. At this point, it feels like there are more sellers than buyers of BTC futures.
@_date: 2017-12-09 05:06:07
Could you elaborate on who the 'entity with a license to print fiat' is? To my knowledge, there is no single entity that as the ability to print fiat that would be able to take on direct exposure from BTC in any meaningful way.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:32:25
The Federal Reserve Banks are restricted in the assets they can “buy” and the ecosystem that underlies the creation of credit involves many players.
1). The US government issues US backed treasury bills, notes and bonds every (week?) via an auction. This creates US debt.
2). Banks (BofA, Citi, JP, etc.) participate in the auction, buying up the debt. Banks have an interest in this for many reasons: US debt is an attractive low risk investment, they need inventory to create a market, replacing existing holdings that have come due.
3). Banks also act as a lender to consumers and businesses. The amount of capital they are allowed to lend out is dictated by the reserve ratio, representing the % of funds they need to hold in cash vs their deposits. So if a bank has $100 of deposits, and the ratio is 10%, they can lend out a total of $90, which eventually ends up in another bank, which can then lend out $81, etc... therefore the total amount of ‘money’ or credit created is $1,000 ($100 / 10%).
4). The Federal Reserve is in a position to buy Treasuries from Banks for cash, freeing up capital for the banks to lend out. It is only during the recent financial crisis that the Fed was also able to buy Mortgage Backed Securities.
5). Due to the Volcker act, and other financial regulations, banks who hold deposits, cannot use those funds to prop trade (take on speculative positions). The majority of trading done on Wall St’s big investment banks is in support of liquidity, although some trading desks may hold small speculative positions. It’s important to note that they are not in the business of making money off of taking large positions, but in creating liquidity for markets and generating transaction fees.
6). Investment firms, like hedge funds etc... raise their funds from wealthy individuals and large institutions like pension funds, insurance funds, etc.... but these LPs do not have a direct say into how things are traded.
The point here is that the players involved in the creation of credit are fairly removed from those who can engage in speculative behavior and market manipulation. I suppose there could be some incredible collusion here, however, it seems like the ecosystem is complex enough that a scheme like you had described would not be possible given all of the various incentives and stakeholders involved.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:57:03
Thank you for clarifying! I just wanted to make sure that I didn't end up paying the $178 that I initially executed my order at. That would be quite unfair IMO.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:32:51
You would pay the gains tax before being able to pay your debts correct?