@_author: darkhack
@_date: 2016-06-28 02:52:44
A lot of people keep speculating that there will be a massive increase in price because there was one during the last halving. Will the price go up? Probably. Will you see 10x or 100x increase in price? Not a chance in hell. I sometimes think that this is nothing more than wishful thinking by those who were fooled into throwing their life savings away on $1100 Bitcoins with the idea that they would reach $10,000 in a year. I think it's time to put that dream in the attic next to the box of baseball cards and Beanie Babies.
The reason for the last bubble was a massive wave of newcomers to Bitcoin. Sure, there are always still people entering or leaving, but we don't see that kind of growth anymore. Most everyone who is willing to trade in Bitcoin is already trading in Bitcoin. Additionally, there are now 100 competing crypto-currencies that didn't exist back then.
I still think there is value in Bitcoin. I have some money invested. But if you're in this because you're imaging a massive profit, then you need to rethink your strategy. I remember six months ago that people said the price would skyrocket ahead of the halving. Here we are, less than two weeks away and the price is holding steady at $650; a nice gain from a year ago, but not a runaway frenzy. People who are keeping their heads cool are even speculating a massive selloff and return to $300 Bitcoins when the gains that some people are expecting don't come. I'm bullish on Bitcoin and do think we'll see a decent ROI, but such a downturn is a much more realistic scenario than Bitcoins going past $2000.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:35:55
People should stop using Mt. Gox for the simple reason that no exchange should control 80% of the market.  One of the prime reasons to use Bitcoin is based on the fact that it's distributed and there is no central authority.  Yet we, as Bitcoin users, have failed miserably in this respect.  BTC Guild controls mining and Mt. Gox controls the market.