@_author: darkshaunz
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:05:44
You need to change your perspective. There is no such thing as a "safe" market. Only varying degrees of risk, and so you should make decisions based on your own personal risk profile.
Ten million things can cause a tradable commodity to crash. It could be fundamentals of the commodity in question, it could be Force Majeuere, or it can even be a consortium holding tons of that commodity/item deciding to cash in and dump their holdings into the market.
Bitcoin is as safe an investment as your own personal risk profile. Which is to say, it's suitable for individuals that enjoy highly-volatile investments and are not risk-averse. This is not an investment vehicle I'd recommend to someone who doesn't fare well with crazy price fluctuations.
As for whether it can replace all those major currencies, that's not easily answered. A lot of modern economies are propped up by debt, quant. easing, and printing fiat paper money. Despite the drawbacks, contemporary financial systems still depend on fiat currencies to operate - and so it'll take a long time before BTC is the new paradigm.
You should buy BTC if you're a crypto/technology enthusiast. Use it as an opportunity to learn about blockchain technologies, and how paperless and deregulated currencies can benefit society. If however, you're just intending to use BTC as a store of value to sell for fiat currency down the line - then you're better off buying a lottery ticket, or putting it into less volatile commodities like blue chips or gold.
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:26:04
Banks need to be successful based on the concept of how much profit they can generate per dollar employed. Fees are a very, very large part of how they remain profitable.
In fact, after the sub-prime mortgage disaster and the Dodd-Frank act was implemented - banks were forced to reduce their amount of leverage and this resulted in larger fees levied to the consumer to maintain profitability. 
The reason banks have the edge is because people still believe in the paper money financial system, which is still the backbone of modern monetary systems. They can't really make Bitcoin redundant because the entire BTC concept is the one that makes current banking systems redundant.
The problem is that people are seeing BTC as a store of value (like Gold or a Collectible), versus converting fiat to BTC and using BTC to buy shit.
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:13:58
Reinvest your part of your gains into something less volatile. Relegate part of it into a rainy day fund. Traveling and learning a new language is a great idea, and you'll meet people in your travels too (even girls!). You'll return with a portfolio, emergency dip fund, better command of English and great travel memories.
Leasing a Benz to impress girls is one of the worst things you can do. You're already thinking about investing and building a stronger financial future, but throwing money at a car jeopardizes that solid plan for something extremely juvenile. What kind of girls will you be attracting? If you just want to get laid, forget the car and call an escort - you'll save money in the long run and still have a great time.
