@_author: darthbuzzard
@_date: 2019-12-30 22:42:15
What's a monitor? It's a display. VR is an experience machine, and if you choose so, a shared experience machine. It's also a spatial computer, as it can be act as a computing space in 3 dimensions.
That's profound use. If you can experience all sorts of things in life, whether already existing or invented virtually, then isn't that the heart of what living is all about? We go places, we experience things, we meet people. VR enables all of this.
Ready Player One, whether you like the book/movie or not, shows exactly how much potential VR has. That's the true evolution of the Internet, and it's why it can have as much impact, since inside people can work, play, socialize, consume, experience, and explore as much as they want.
In truth, this goes beyond even RPO's depiction. AR and VR **will** converge over time enabling even more usecases.
@_date: 2019-12-30 21:54:53
That's a misstep. VR has a lot of uses by itself, but the true future of both technologies is the convergence of the two. There's no doubt that both will have substantial impacts on the planet.
@_date: 2019-12-31 01:10:29
Have you actually tried VR? Everything you say sounds as if you're not realizing that it works the same as our perceptual system acts in real life, just at lower fidelity. There literally is no screen from your brain's standpoint.


It is new though. Otherwise you'd have to start agreeing that a monitor is the same thing as reality, and that reality provides nothing different. In VR you go places and your body can't help but react as if you are in that place; a monitor doesn't do this and that's all the difference in the world. Not to mention a monitor has limited agency in those spaces as you are using buttons and mice to interact and move, whereas VR is more dynamic.


Again, how can you make this argument? A concert on a monitor is fun but it's not an actual concert that you can dance to. Fortnite had it's 10 million concurrent user concert and that was crazy for numbers, but the experience is nothing but a blip compared to a virtual concert in VR, and even that is still not on par with reality in terms of visual/audio fidelity. 
The most you can with a monitor concert is use emotes to dance and maybe do some head-bobbing. It's not the same concept at all.


You've worked with a company you mean? Yeah it can be done at the enterprise level with a crazy high bandwidth, but it's not possible for consumers until likely the late 2020s.


Spread concert and apply it to any event. How many people attend sporting events, cinema, expos, and so on? Hundreds of millions if not billions. 


It's one of many functions that VR can provide. The Internet is the sum of it's parts, but it wouldn't be nearly as useful if it was just a way for email communication. Likewise, VR has much more than just revisiting memories.


So you're talking from business perspective? You can cut the majority of these meetings out if it's just for in-person contact and not necessarily to do some physical on-site work. Not only will this lead to a much better time for employees and long travel, but it cuts down on unneeded CO2 emissions. Physical contact is not needed for most of these meetings and collaborations, and if a handshake is needed to seal a subtle human exchange of trust, then you can do that with haptic gloves which would be an easy to use standard VR input in about 10 years. 
It cannot replace 100% of meeting-focused business travel, but it can replace most of it.


The fallacy here is that we could be in a simulation right now, which means that we are fulfilling our real world needs in this... simulation. While that's a far off fantasy, you cant say never when that could be the end game in 50+ years. However, did you not see the avatar facial tracking video? In 10 years, you'd be able to recreate a human being perfectly aside from 100% physical stimulation and I suppose smell/taste which aren't needed in most cases.


The Internet allows people to adopt a persona, sure, a lot of people do that. It rarely affects people deeply on a psychological level though. You have to roleplay and be in that mindset, whereas in VR you tend to instinctively act as your new body would typically be expected to act. This is all proven science via many studies; Mel Slater's work in particular is very noteworthy.
And come on, there's a universal level difference between breaking the laws of physics in Breath of the Wild than breaking the laws of physics in VR, whether it's flying through Google Earth to real world scale or experiencing genuine moments of something approaching weightlessness in Lone Echo. Has a screen ever induced that feeling for you?


I've played over ten thousand hours of MMORPGs in my life and they aren't even remotely on the same wavelength. In MMOs, you chat through text or voice chat with pre-programmed emotes. The social agency you have is incredibly small compared to VR, and the actual feeling of other players? Well you never feel like they are physically with you in the same room; a screen cannot convey that.
Your argument here is the same as saying (ironically I might add) that the Internet is not a game changer and is just another form of mail. Your argument starts to break easily when you view it from that angle. Of course we know that isn't true, but you're suggesting it is true for VR. This doesn't compute; it just makes no sense.


You can also train without the Internet. You can also design products without the Internet. You can also educate without the Internet. Therefore, the Internet is not a gamechanger using your logic. But... it is.


All this 'other crap' is a fundamentally different experience. Literally every study ever done on VR and it's affect on the brain immediately tells us that the brain treats VR and a screen as opposites. The brain treats a screen as a window that you can become absorbed in from a mental standpoint, whereas the brain treats VR as a reality that it reacts to as if it were real stimuli. Lets try this with real life vs monitors. The brain treats a screen as a screen, and real life as a reality in which it responds to stimuli. 
Are you starting to get it? While VR is still far lower fidelity than real life, they share the exact same neurological effects and that changes the entire experience from the core because experience is at the end of the day, just a series of neurons firing off.
So how can an opposite be the same thing as it's counter-part, but just more immersive? As said earlier, it doesn't compute.
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:11:29
In general or for games?
If we're talking in general, then being in a virtual space that you instinctively react to is something only VR can offer. So this means exploring space as if you are there, giving you a emotional response seeing Earth from a distance that a screen cannot give you, and in the case of something like Google Earth, people can consider it borderline spiritual and people cry all the time using the app. That just doesn't happen with Google Earth on a screen outside of rare occurrences.
You could use it to go to live events, like concerts, conferences, and have experiences well beyond even reality can provide. It's the ultimate place for artistic expression whether that's you as an artist creating 3D art in Tilt Brush or experiencing the true vision of someone's song by being imbued in the entire visual and auditory experience. 
[This]( is what a virtual rave is like, and [this]( is what a live virtual concert is like. The first is very trippy and unique only to VR, something that not even reality can provide, and the second is again, using VR as the only way to express the meaning behind each song in a way that is truest to the artist's vision.
In the next 5-10 years it will be feasible to have a 360 recording of anything in reality and then visit that in VR in volumetric scale instead of just a static 360 video. This means [videos you can move around]( which with good enough specs would be enough to convince most people they are literally there as long as it's not something as extreme as Mount Everest with the obvious missing wind/temperature cues.
This means you could record a birthday party or your wedding and you could literally step inside the Pensieve (memory bowl) from Harry Potter and relive a memory.
I still think the biggest impact of VR is going to be the social aspect. Being with other people in VR is second only to reality, because you feel like you are physically with them with just less body fidelity and lack of physical touch. In the next 10 years, fidelity will be the same as reality as seen [here]( in this working prototype. Therefore, distance no longer matters. 
People could be with anyone in the world as much as they want. That's at least as impactful as the invention of phonecalls, because VR involves not just communication but activity as well. You can now spend time with these people and do all sorts of things like the aforementioned events, theme parks, watch movies together, go stargazing, have virtual dates.
It's basically going to be a new way of living, one that has never been remotely conceivable for any human as we've always been bound to a) our bodies and b) to the laws of physics. With VR, you can break those instantly; I could be a dog with 6 legs or switch genders, and this has insanely large psychological impact since you can step into the shoes of anyone, any race, any species, any gender, and you naturally start to act the way your new body would be expected to act. IE: If you change into a female avatar, you tend to act more feminine and may genuinely feel feminine as you spend time in this avatar, like I said, VR has crazy effects on the mind. 
But ultimately all of that leads to the fact that you can be with anyone and do things with them in essentially endless activities.
There are many neurological and physical health benefits as well. VR can help cure PTSD, amblyopia, strabismus, stereoblindness, phantom limb pain, can radically change both implicit and explicit social behaviours in a positive way, can be used for exercise in a way that your mind doesn't really treat it as exercising, can help anxiety, depression, can be a life-changing outlet for the disabled to go places and be with people virtually, and so on.
Then there are the many enterprise benefits it offers, like training, education, product design, and work meetings; I could see good enough VR allowing the idea of working at home to truly to be the norm for any computer-based work.
There's so much more I could get into like consciousness hacking (the ability to use VR to rewire your neural pathways to improve the human condition in all sorts of ways from cognition ability to exploring new sensations experiences humans have never experienced before)