@_author: darthandroid
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:35:10


Yes. 100% this is a risk you run every time you run a node that you did not both A) compile yourself from sources that B) have manually checked and verified. Here is where the reference client documents how they handle seed nodes: 
While this is a risk, it's limited:
* They would have to buy every seed node-- as long as one responds correctly, your node can bootstrap itself.
* Even if every node _is_ bought (or down, or blocked), most node software will allow you to manually add a peer to your own node; You could go to reddit, or other forums, and find a working ip:port and manually bootstrap your node if its cache is empty.


That is entirely dependent upon the node software you're running. I'm not familiar with the exact seed cache rules for the reference client, but it's ultimately up to whatever the developer thought was a safe compromise between the risk of using too much disk space and the risk of all the nodes in the cache being down when your node starts up after being down for a period of time.
I misread your first question as bad actors buying the node software developers and changing the seed list in the node software or buying the seed nodes themselves; I think the answer still makes sense though.
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:43:30
Afraid not. I use a dedicated server from OVH for my hosting needs.
@_date: 2018-01-16 05:47:49


Whelp, somebody better go tell Netflix and Hulu their whole business model is busted.
P.S.: It helps to not use blatantly false facts when attempting to formulate a convincing argument.
@_date: 2018-01-06 22:54:46
`-maxmempool=5` makes that node nearly useless since it's going to have almost no space to keep transactions in the mempool.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:05:47
Wait 14 days. That's the default duration that transactions are kept in the mempool IIRC. After that, it'll have dropped out of a majority of mempools and you'll be able to send it again.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:55:34
Why set up a full VM when you can just launch a docker container?
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:30:49
Yes, there are approximately 1 millions addresses in use. Often times 1 person will have many addresses, and sometimes multiple people will all share an address (think multi-sig), so it’s not 1:1 with users. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:14:08
No, not to the bitcoin network. A bitcoin transaction either goes through completely (value + fee) or not at all. At the end of 14 days, the transaction will either confirm, or the network will forget about it as if it was never sent.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:32:13


About the same as you do with bitcoin today, which is to say not much benefit over just using a lightweight client for 99% of users.
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:19:33
 will build from source with minimal dependencies.
You can build something other than master by passing in build arguments:
```--build-arg revision=v0.15.0.1```
@_date: 2018-01-14 01:28:50
"banning" an address is simply everyone agreeing to not do business with that address (or any coins that came from that address).
It could be done as part of the network consensus rules (Ex: Ethereum vs Ethereum Classic and the D.A.O. Theft), as a business decision (exchanges refusing to credit coins from certain addresses), or at a node level refusing to relay transactions from certain addresses ([Core Devs have done this before](
If enough people do this, the coins/addresses lose all fungibility, and are effectively banned.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:24:03
Your local wallet will probably remember it forever or until you manually remove it. The network will probably allow you to doublespend the coins without trouble.
So yes, there's no _guarantee_, but in practice your coins are available to spend again.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:13:41
Bitcoin nodes ship with a "Seed node list" compiled into the software; These are a set of nodes that have generally been verified as trustworthy and reliable by the software authors. When your node starts up for the first time, it connects to these nodes, and asks them for all nodes that they know about. They reply with a list of IP:Ports, when your node then validates and adds to a local cache of known nodes-- every time your node connects to another node, it repeats this process, and once it has enough known nodes, the seed nodes no longer matter as long as the cache doesn't get wiped out completely.


This is a common misconception-- it's not the "longest" chain, but the chain with the "most work"-- Since difficulty doesn't change often, this almost always means the longest chain, but if two chains disagree about difficulty, the chain with the most miners is the "correct" one.


Your node will _never_ accept fake blocks. If other nodes feed it fake blocks, then it will reject them. If they are fake nodes feeding it real blocks-- then they're real nodes. A block either obeys the rules of the network, or it doesn't, and that can be mathematically verified by your node without the help of any other node. The rules for the first block, and what makes every other block after that valid or invalid are hard-coded into your node software. If other nodes repeatedly try to send your node bad blocks, it will disconnect and blacklist that fake node.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:49:33


There are a set of rules that each block must meet. These are not exact, but as a very rough example:
1. The first block must not have a parent block; All other blocks must have a valid parent block
2. A block may not be larger than 1MB in size
3. All transactions in a block must:
    * Have a valid signature
    * Not spend inputs that don't exist
4. Have a signature that indicates sufficient mining work was done to meet difficulty requirements.
Any block which meets all of the criteria is considered valid. The consensus rules for Bitcoin are much more complex and detailed, but this should illustrate the general idea; Rule 1 is why it's called a "block chain", because each block is linked to the previous block, creating a "chain".
@_date: 2018-01-07 08:26:05
What? That's _exactly_ how that works.
1. You're arrested and go to jail.
2. Cops have 24 hours to charge you with a crime or let you go.
3. If charged, you stay in jail until your trial; If you are deemed not a flight risk, then a bail amount is set, and you can get out of jail until your trial if you post bail.
4. Your guilt or innocence is decided at trial.
What did you think happens to people between the time they are arrested and the time they stand trial?
@_date: 2018-01-16 14:31:16
Actually, with something like Graphene, growth per year *is* how much you download per year; without any sort of compact /xthin blocks, you download 2x growth per year— or 1Mbps roughly. Barely enough for a standard-definition Netflix stream. 
That said, the minimum (not maximum) speed I can get from either cable provider in my area is 200Mbps — that’s not a typo. Residential speeds are improving, and definitely keeping pace. No, not everyone has access to that speed, but Netflix, amazon prime video, YouTube, etc. are evidence that enough people have access to necessary speed.
$60/year for storage, and internet access fast enough to stream video is a hell of a lot cheaper than the merchant fees on any credit card, and well within the grasp of many home users and not just businesses. Everyone else uses a light wallet, which is how the network was designed. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 17:58:32
Are you suggesting that Bitmain is in bed with all the major firewall vendors (Cisco, Juniper, etc.)?
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:22:08
Just as addresses can't be destroyed, neither can they be created. Every address exists, now. They have always existed, and they will always exist. They are, after all, nothing more than numbers. When you "Generate" a wallet or address, you are doing nothing more than picking one of these existing addresses at random. Because there are so many addresses, the chance of finding one that is already in use is effectively 0%.
So, that graph doesn't show addresses being created/destroyed (because they _can't_ be created/destroyed); Instead, it shows the number of addresses that have a non-zero amount of Bitcoin. This is used as a rough corollary to the number of addresses in use-- presumably, all addresses holding bitcoin are in use, and all addresses not holding bitcoin are _not_ in use. This graph then goes down whenever someone empties out an address completely, which is what you're seeing.
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:11:55
Sure, but the network rules don't care about that-- mempool does not factor into difficulty in any way, nor does transaction size. The only thing that matters is the rate at which non-orphaned blocks are being mined. If it's higher than 6/hour, then difficulty goes up; if it's less, then it goes down.
If you add more miners, this increases the rate at which blocks are mined, which will temporarily increase the rate transactions are confirmed slightly, and then difficulty will adjust up and everything returns to baseline.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:00:39
Who is the community? At the end of the day, _someone_, a very specific and real _someone_ has to own the responsibility for managing the list, hosting the contents on a webserver, adding and removing entries from it, etc. Coinbase is part of the community. Would you let them manage which addresses are blacklisted?
What about me? Ok, so not me, because I'm one person, but how about the moderators of What happens when the US government starts to lean on them to ban or unban addresses? Then it's not really the moderators that are managing, since the US Govt. is managing by proxy.
Even, then, how do you trust that they'll follow what the community wants? How do you even measure what the community wants? Reddit is a very small portion of the community (a very small potion of the English-speaking community at that), so can't use that. What about the 2Xers? What happens when they ask for all known small-blocker addresses to be banned? What happens when the small-blockers ask for all the large-blocker addresses to be banned?
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:02:09
I'm not sure you understand-- the bitcoin network adjusts every two weeks to compensate for additional hashpower. You can add all the hashpower you want, but in two weeks, it will mean nothing. Long term, it does not matter how many more miners we have, it will not allow us to process more transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-13 15:55:01
Who decides what addresses go on the list?
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:12:41
Because that's the fee to get it confirmed within a few blocks right now.
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:22:34
You are correct, Electrum provides more fine-grained control over when operations happen during wallet creation, allowing part to be done offline and parts to be done online; When the Bitcoin.com/Copay wallet creates a wallet, it's actually doing two things:
1. Generating private keys
2. Registering the wallet for use with the multi-sig request system.
Since  was a _key feature_ of why the Copay wallet was built in the first place (and offline usage was not), it's not surprising that it's part of the wallet creation process.
Could they rework that to add better offline support? Probably; That's what feature requests are for. If OP wants better offline support, they should go request that.
But it's not a sign of malware or incompetence, as OP is trying to imply, which is what I have a problem with.
@_date: 2017-12-23 23:19:16
This is correct.
* Each block can only hold 1Mb of transactions
* Miners mine the transactions paying the most fees per bytes of size they take up. You'll frequently see "fee rates" listed like "300 sat/byte". You need to multiply the fee rate times the size of your transaction to get the actual fee.
* Nodes may drop unconfirmed transactions for any reason, but usual reasons are:
    * Mempool is too big-- if there are too many transactions, the cheapest ones are forgotten to avoid using too much memory on the computer. The default is 300Mb.
    * The node is restarted
    * A transaction is too old. The default is to drop unconfirmed transactions after 14 days.
* A transaction is "Dropped" when all miners have dropped it from their mempools.
    * The transaction is not invalid, and can be rebroadcast or a new transaction with a higher fee can be broadcast instead.
* Most wallets consider a transaction to be dropped after 14 days and return it to your funds, but you may be able to force this behavior early.
* The bitcoin network has been extremely congested for the last few weeks, resulting in very expensive fees to send bitcoin. This has nothing to do with the wallet or exchange. If you want to send bitcoin and have it confirm in a reasonable time, you have to pay.
* Some exchanges (like GDAX) may pay this fee for you.
* Trades on exchanges or sending coins to other users within the same exchange don't really move any bitcoin anywhere (since it just sits inside the exchange), so these don't have to pay the network fee.
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:56:14
Go here: 
Your transaction (50 sat/byte) is at the bottom of the yellow bar (50+). When the entire yellow bar and everything above it is gone, your transaction should be confirmed.
The last time a 50 sat/byte transaction was processed was on Dec. 06.
It is _impossible_ to predict when your transaction will be processed in a fee market. Your best bet is to either _Replace-By-Fee_ (RBF) the transaction with a higher fee (  suggests a fee of 125 sat/byte) or wait for it to fall out of the mempool (~2weeks)
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:07:35
It wasn't that bad; I used ElectrumX: 
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:50:25
Two words: Campaign Donations
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:00:49
Electrum uses BTC/KB instead of sat/byte. 280 sat/byte would be 0.0028 BTC/KB. Fees are closer to 350 sat/byte right now though.
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:37:14
Because I want Bitcoin to go mainstream, which means helping the vast majority of Reddit users (and by extension, the world) to clear away the FUD and find truth and facts so that they can understand what Bitcoin is and how to use it effectively.
@_date: 2017-12-17 05:02:00
You can use the same passphrase on any wallet that implements the same style of [deterministic wallet]( Specifically, 12-word passphrases are Type 2 (BIP0032) deterministic wallets.
Those 12 words are the same as your private key, just in a different format; You can always convert the 12 words into your private key, and can always turn your private key back into those 12 words. There is a well-documented algorithm for doing this, and it is not tied to a specific wallet implementation.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:29:50
That's.... not how trademarks work at all in the US. Unless you specifically register with the USPTO, you do not have a trademark. And unless the entity that registered for the trademark defends it, they lose the trademark if other people start using it.
All that Satoshi had was copyright on the original code; and even then, he used an extremely permissive license-- If you were to copy everything verbatim and call it yours, the only thing Satoshi could demand is that you add his name to the license file.
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:39:48
I would trust it about as much as I would trust any other mobile-device wallet. Security is about a trade-off between safety and convenience: Online web-wallets are extremely convenient, but not very safe. Air-gapped multi-sig hardware wallets are extremely safe, but a pain to actually use. Hardware wallets attached to an online computer are somewhere in the middle, more to the safe side, and mobile wallets are also in the middle, more to the convenient side.
Case in point: the Bitcoin.com wallet relies on a wallet service run by Bitcoin.com. This is less safe and more centralized because Bitcoin.com can see which public addresses are associated with each other and knows about all transactions received/sent from those addresses; On the other hand, this allows for much more convenient multi-sig support and for the wallet to synchronize faster, providing a better user experience; The Electrum wallet follows a similar model and has similar tradeoffs, though there is the option of running your own Electrum server if you want more control (though most users don't do this).
IMHO what you're doing is how people should be storing their crypto: Use multiple types of wallets, which hold more or less based on how trustworthy they are.
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:56:58
I would still have a problem with it, even though it's _technically_ not making any assertions then because people as a whole don't care about technicalities.
The vast majority of users browsing reddit never even bother to open a topic unless it looks interesting, nor do they bother to fact-check even if they do. Simply having the word 'malware' in the title is going to evoke a gut reaction of fear, worry, and doubt, no matter how you butter it up with "Potential", "possibly", or "maybe"-- Taking advantage of that is just plain bad journalism, and reeks of pushing an agenda.
If OP had found a place in the source code that reasonably looked like it was uploading private keys, or had decompiled the application shipped from the mobile app store and found it significantly different from what the purported source code should be, then sure, a "Malware Warning" or "Potential Malware Warning" might be warranted-- but that wasn't what happened here. 
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:18:07
Thanks for taking the time to write that up! Electrum also has the ability for users to run their own Electrum server if they want and sidestep the address-tracking issue entirely, which is why it tends to be my wallet of choice right now. Alas, no iOS version of it :(
@_date: 2017-12-23 04:02:02


Bitcoin is currently **severely congested**. If you did not pay a high enough fee, you may be waiting for _weeks_. I recommend using something else if you want reliable, quick transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:40:50
Fees are based on how large the transaction is; Not the volume of Bitcoin in the transaction, but literally the size of the transaction message itself that is sent over the network. If the message is 1 Kb, then 280 sat/byte fee would be 1024b * 280 sat/b = 286720 sat, or .0028672 BTC. Generally the wallet will take care of figuring out how large the transaction message is so you just tell it how much you want to pay per byte.
If a transaction has more inputs or more outputs, then it results in a larger message size, and you pay more.
@_date: 2017-12-17 05:47:41
_Sigh._ Nobody bothers to do proper research anymore, just make up sensationalized headlines.
First, the Bitcoin.com wallet is a fork of the Copay wallet, which itself relies on the bitcore wallet client framework, so while this may or may not have been the best piece of code to base the Bitcoin.com wallet upon is up for debate, it's a far cry to call this intentionally malicious on Bitcoin.com or Roger Ver's part. 
Second, the wallet _does_ require network to create new wallets. The network request happens [here](
    var args = {
        name: encWalletName,
        m: m,
        n: n,
        pubKey: (new Bitcore.PrivateKey(walletPrivKey)).toPublicKey().toString(),
        coin: coin,
        network: network,
        singleAddress: !!opts.singleAddress,
        id: opts.id,
    };
    self._doPostRequest('/v2/wallets/', args, function(err, res) {
        if (err) return cb(err);
        var walletId = res.walletId;
        c.addWalletInfo(walletId, walletName, m, n, copayerName);
        var secret = API._buildSecret(c.walletId, c.walletPrivKey, c.coin, c.network);
        self._doJoinWallet(walletId, walletPrivKey, c.xPubKey, c.requestPubKey, copayerName, {
            coin: coin
          },
          function(err, wallet) {
            if (err) return cb(err);
            return cb(null, n &gt; 1 ? secret : null);
        });
    });
The `self._doPostRequest(` line is the network call itself. It is sent the `args` variable, which contains the following information:
* `name`: The encrypted wallet name
* `m`: number of required signatures for a multi-sig wallet
* `n`: number of total possible signatures for a multi-sig wallet
* `pubKey`: the public key of the wallet.
* `coin`: The type of coin (BTC or BCH)
* `network`: Network for that coin (mainnet or testnet)
* `singleAddress`: indicates whether this is an HD wallet or not
* `id`: Randomly generated wallet ID.
So, is this malware / stealing keys? No, doesn't appear to be stealing private keys.
Does it need to send all this information to servers whenever you create or use a wallet? Not 100% sure, but even as an SPV wallet I think it'd need most if not all of the information provided: ID to keep track of the wallet, public keys / coin / network to know which addresses to send information for, etc. You'll find Electrum has to send a lot of the same information to Electrum servers to operate.
But hey, hating on Roger Ver is cool right now, so let's ignore reality and make up shit to get some internet points.
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:18:42
Miners get transaction fees + block reward when they mine a block. The intention was that by the time the block reward drops to 0, usage will have increased to the point that the fees make up for it.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:53:22
If LN is useful, it will almost certainly be incorporated. Nobody is objecting to cheap off-chain transactions. People are objecting to expensive on-chain transactions. Cheap on-chain transactions and cheap off-chain transactions are perfectly fine!
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:04:21
Isn't that how all of society works though?
All of bitcoin is riding on Satoshi's coat tails, which is riding on all of Bill Gate's and Steve Job's coat tails, who both were riding on Xerox's coat tails, which was riding on Alan Turing's coat tails... it's endless.
The whole FOSS movement is about explicitly telling people that they _can_ ride on your coat tails as long as they let others ride on theirs.
Taking what already exists and making it better is how we as a society improve.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:17:54
Yeah :/ If you change the view to `2w` instead of `8h` you can see where this latest backlog started.
Recommended fee has jumped to 371 sat/byte since my initial reply. This is why fee markets don't work. All you can do is overpay and hope that the next block happens before everyone else overpays.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:57:07
No, it just means that Bitcoin would have to upgrade to quantum-resistant hashing algorithms before then. I want to say ~~ECDSA is already one of those~~, but I'll defer to someone with more knowledge of the subject.
TL;DR: Quantum is an issue, but that can be fixed, and I have faith it will be before it becomes a problem for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:31:55
No, that's a straw-man fallacy and slippery-slope fallacy. Just because 1TB blocks aren't feasible today doesn't mean that we should eschew 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB blocks, which are perfectly feasible today. 
Their mantra is "affordable on-chain P2P transactions". That's what Bitcoin originally was, and that's what they want it to continue to be. Anything that adds value and doesn't compromise that is welcome.
Segwit added value, but it also had a cost in terms of complexity, attack surface, user education, wallet implementations, etc. that they didn't feel was a net value-add for Bitcoin-- there are simpler ways to get the same benefits. If LN adds more value than complexity, I don't see why it wouldn't be implemented.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:37:55
You knew exactly what you were doing when you wrote the headline you did. If you were honestly curious, a more sensible headline would have been:


Instead you beg the question with "Malware Warning: ". Just outright declare it to be malware without having a clue about what is actually happening.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:59:05
I mean, unless you're compiling and side-loading the app yourself onto your phone, there's no way to know that _any_ mobile app corresponds 100% to the purported source code, so we're already operating under the assumption that mobile apps are based on the source they say they are-- otherwise we wouldn't be here, because you couldn't trust any mobile app.
So with that assumption, we have the following two things:
1. The readme for the source code explicitly says it's a fork of the Copay wallet
2. You can easily browse the history and trace it back to the Copay wallet on Github.
@_date: 2015-06-12 12:03:28
That does not mean it can't be done or that merchants don't do it. I've personally seen debit transactions and paypal both move money just as quick as bitcoin (in-store and online). Just because you've not seen that, doesn't mean that "traditional online payment channels cannot hold a stick to this key feature of bitcoin". *Faster* even, because they confirm in seconds, not 10 minutes.
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:19:46
Core can work as a full node, but it usually requires extra configuration of your router if you're running it from a home connection for it to get more than 8 connections. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 12:26:30
It's not about the exact number of connections - one extra connection doesn't really affect much; It's about the configuration: Making outgoing connections doesn't help the network (it actually burdens it more), and listening for incoming connections does help the network.
If your node stops at 8 connections, then it's just making outgoing connections. If it makes it to 9, then that means it's correctly configured to listen for incoming connections and is reachable by the Internet at large.
@_date: 2014-09-17 01:36:28
I think you're correct in that getting into bitcoin and wrapping your head around how it all works is difficult, especially for the uninitiated.
Perhaps a thought that might help is that bitcoin makes it very easy for anyone to be their own bank-- so *everyone* wants to be their own bank, and because the bank accounts can all send money to each other very cheaply, this isn't a big problem on a technical level.
Coinbase wants you to set up a wallet with them (because this makes it easy for them to manage and provide a clean interface to the user), and that's where they'll put the coins you buy. You can then create another wallet at blockchain.info, or create one yourself on your computer, and move the coins there.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:29:47
If his bitcoins are controlled by the feds, that's either because he failed to secure them, or he was coerced into giving them up. The point of both paragraphs is that bitcoin is immune to technological recourse, but not criminal or civil recourse. (Or, that was the point I was trying to make)
@_date: 2014-11-05 00:46:32
They can see the address of the person that sent it to you, but they don't necessarily know who that address belongs to.
@_date: 2014-10-17 05:18:35
Oh, I agree wholeheartedly with that. It's not enough to quiet one customer and leave the others hurting if there are others hurting. I just didn't agree with the parent post that seemed to have an attitude that Robocoin should never be forgiven, no matter what.
It at least *seems* like Robocoin is trying to fix things, and I can only hope they and those that they have had a negative impact upon can find a suitable and reasonable arrangement.
I'd much rather have a bitcoin ATM company that knows the value of customer service and quality products and provides both than a good laugh at someone's lack of business experience if at all possible.
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:57:43
There isn't an answer to your question of "why" because iPhones *are* restricted to running only signed code most of the time. It is trivially easy to load unsigned code and applications on the device, but they will not execute. However, restricting every single application to only running signed code has performance implications for javascript.
Javascript performance is a major aspect of the iPhone (or any web-intensive device), and as such uses what is known as "Just-In-Time" dynamic compilation to accelerate performance. What this means is that the phone will turn javascript into native machine code so that it runs faster when you load a web page.
The catch is that this "JIT" code is not signed - it's created by your phone, not by Apple. The iPhone firmware can be told that certain applications have the signing restrictions disabled - Safari for example, is one of them. However, the firmware will only allow this feature on an application which is itself signed by Apple, and Apple doesn't sign any 3rd-party applications with this dynamic-compilation flag.
Apple doesn't "let" people jailbreak their phones. Jailbreakers find bugs which allow them to disable the code-signing checks for the jailbroken applications on the device. And every time, Apple fixes the bugs. Each time you hear about a new firmware version being "Jailbroken", that means that Jailbreakers have been able to find 6-10+ *new* bugs which allowed them to disable signing every time the phone boots up.
And that's not to say that Apple writes buggier-than-average software-- Any piece of software that complex will have lots of bugs. If anything, Apple is better at squashing them quickly, which leads to more fanfare when people discover enough bugs for a new jailbreak.
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:31:20
Yeah. I can see that. I don't think we should trust anyone saying "we **will** make it better". It's on them to *actually make it better* before we should consider trusting them again. You only get one chance to promise things with initial trust.
I put little faith in words on the Internet, but actions-- actions I'll stop and take a look at, and see if they mean something. While we don't want a naïve community that falls for every predatory startup, I think we'll risk sometimes not getting startups at all if we turn into a hostile community. We need to find the balance that creates a firm but understanding community. People (and subsequently businesses) will make mistakes-- that's the nature of things. If we are absolutely intolerant of this fact, then I think that will harm Bitcoin if investors see the community as too volatile for startups to work.
@_date: 2014-10-02 04:36:16
**Decentralized does not inherently make bitcoin immune to government regulation:**
The government cannot actually stop the transmission of coins from one person to another, but they can very easily arrest or fine anyone they catch doing it. As long as people believe the goverment has the ability to do those things, the government will be able to regulate bitcoin.
For example, a government may make it illegal to accept bitcoin. Now, they can't stop every citizen from using bitcoin, but there will be no business that advertises accepting bitcoin, and the government has effectively shut down the ability to do business in bitcoin. ~~Bitcoin is just a technological toy if it can't be used for business.~~
**Bitcoin also isn't immune from recourse, at least from a government &lt;-&gt; citizen perspective:**
The government doesn't have to be able to print the currency to provide legal recourse over it as long as they can exert influence over whomever the recourse is being applied to. If a thief steals my dollars or my bitcoin, the result is the same for me to get compensation: he gets caught, he goes to jail, he is ordered to return what he took. If he doesn't have the money to give back, the government isn't going to print more dollars for me, so the fact that they can't create more bitcoins for me is irrelevant.
This is not something that bitcoin must provide, but rather something the government provides.
The best analogy for bitcoin in this context is "digital cash" - something that credit cards and checks and paypal are not. It is the first technology where I can send someone something of value, digitally, without having to trust any individual third party. It is just the same as handing someone a five dollar bill.
The problems with credit cards are twofold:
* They trick you into thinking you're getting something for free when you're not
* They make you trust every single merchant to protect your payment information and identity.
You pay for every chargeback and every reward that you get from your credit card. You can game the system in the short run, but when considering everyone as a whole, it's only the credit card executives that are getting anything:
1. In order to pay for your rewards and refund fraudulent activities, credit card companies make the merchants foot the bill for the chargebacks on top of charging them a 2-3% fee.
2. Merchants pass this on to you either by raising prices or adding a "convenience fee" for using a credit card. Several places around where I live charge more to use a credit card than if I write a check that bounces!
If you want these features with bitcoin, just set aside 1-2% of every purchase you make, and give it back to yourself as needed whenever you get scammed. Invest it in the meantime so that it's making you more money all the time you're not getting scammed.
The other issue is with trust. Look at the recent breaches at Target and Home Depot. How secure and safe do you feel giving them your credit card info, knowing that anyone, anywhere can use it to steal money from you if just one person slips up once and doesn't secure the data properly?
Bitcoin changes the system from a "pull" system to a "push" system. Instead of me giving an open authorization to Target to pull any amount from my bank account, I push a very specific amount from my bank account to Target. Not only do I no longer care how secure Target is, but they *no longer have any of my data worth stealing*.
**The biggest benefits with Bitcoin have nothing to do with money**:
The Internet was originally for transferring scientific data and publishing information pages of text from one computer to another in HTML. While it still does that today, the power of the Internet is not because of HTML, but rather because it is a platform upon which other things can build. New things that have absolutely nothing to do with pages of HTML have arisen and massively changed our world as a result.
The underlying technology behind bitcoin, the *Blockchain*, represents that same potential. In the same way that the Internet is a platform which solves the fundamental problem of realtime information transfer, the Blockchain is a fundamental platform which provides security without trust. I can send something to someone without having to trust every messenger along the way. This is revolutionary.
@_date: 2014-10-24 07:21:50
Thanks for the clarification :)
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:33:32
I see what you're saying, and I can agree with that.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:15:32


I would relate a bitcoin wallet to a bank account, so there's still a "bank account", but I am in complete control of it and have to authorize every payment before it leaves the account. With a real bank account at a bank, there are a number of ways that money leaves the account without my authorization, and then I have to fight/work to get the money back.


I suppose it depends on how often you're getting scammed. It's less about the number of transactions, more about the volume of money. If we assume you're spending $1000 a month, are you getting scammed more than $20 a month?


Mt. Gox actually plays a similar role of Target when I look at it (Mt. Gox was not and never purported to be a bank): A third party which was trusted to secure and not abuse customer information which allows them access to the customer's funds. Arguably a bank does that too, but that's the *purpose* of a bank; at Target and Mt. Gox it was merely a necessity of doing business, which I think results in a lower level of scrutiny in practice.
And yes, a number of people would argue that the benefit of bitcoin is that you don't have to rely/trust the banks. The problem is we can't look at just one component in a vacuum. Bitcoin isn't about getting large corporations like banks or credit card companies out of our money so much as it is fixing the system. Right now, these large companies essentially fill that role (Secure storage of money+easily transferring money), and bitcoin simply tries to fill that role better.
Insurance is great, but I'd rather not need the insurance in the first place.


Yeah, that's how it works. Visa gets a connection from Target saying "Hey! wants to pay me $32.95. Can you send me that money?" And Visa just *sends it to Target* without any confirmation from you. Now, you can dispute/chargeback the amount, sure and Target is big enough that it wouldn't risk anything, but why does this problem exist in the first place?
Paypal's a step in the right direction. No merchant can touch my funds unless I log into Paypal and authorize the payment and the amount. I only have to trust Paypal, instead of every merchant I do business with. The problem is that it still leaves Paypal to pick and choose what kind of business I can do. For a while, trying to do anything bitcoin-related would get your Paypal account frozen. Bitcoin just tries to solve the problem wholesale by removing the need of trust altogether in payments.


You still have oversight in the same way that it was handled before:
1. Person is caught committing crime/fraud
2. Person is punished for committing crime/fraud
3. Others that would commit crime/fraud choose not to commit crime/fraud out of fear of punishment.
That all operates the same way with bitcoin. To be clear, the government has no means to stop illicit trading if someone wants to make an illicit trade and they don't tell the government that they're going to do that. The trade is made, the person gets caught, and the person goes to jail. But the trade is still made, and the market has to deal with the effects if the government can't make the trader deal with the effects.
Currently, there is trust and oversight. I trust that Target will not leak my credit card info, and there is oversight from the government to make sure that Target has proper policies in place. Bitcoin aims to remove the burden of the customer trusting the merchant. There will still be oversight, it just won't have to be about how Target is securing my credit card information.
@_date: 2014-10-24 04:16:18
XBT is likely to become the official currency code for bitcoin. BTC is quite popular, but existing inter-country currencies/commodities (like gold, XAU) all start with "X", so there's a lot of push for bitcoin to follow this pattern.
@_date: 2014-10-17 04:54:38
No, the Internet doesn't forget, but if you lynch Robocoin regardless of if they don't do anything or if they try to make whole those they have wronged, then that's not much incentive to try and make whole those they have wronged, is there?
Robocoin fucked up, and needs to make amends for how things were handled, but if they actually do make people whole, the community should allow them to begin rebuilding trust instead of just pouring more fuel on the fire to watch them burn. (Note, I'm not saying they should be trusted-- just that they should have the opportunity to try again to regain their reputation and re-earn the trust that they lost).
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:57:47


Hmmm, let me try that...


Nope, netgear router is relatively up to date. CentOS actively backports security patches for 10 years after a version is released, which brings us to the question that you ignored in post:
Do you still backport security patches for the kernel that you are shipping?
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:19:18
The problem is without 's suggestion, Armory has no way to know it's never been used before, and so it checks the blockchain in case it has been used before.
@_date: 2015-08-18 23:47:53
They're letting the individual miners choose.
@_date: 2015-08-16 05:16:44
No. As far as block size is concerned, there is no difference between Core and XT until 75% is reached. You've got nothing to lose consensus-wise by switching to XT/supporting big blocks, and you gain the safety of being with the majority if the majority changes. If the majority never changes, then the network stays as it is, no loss to you, other than the time spent implementing big block support
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:37:09
You realize you can purchase any fraction of a coin, right? As the coins get more and more expensive, users just buy smaller and smaller fractions of them.
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:32:02
No-- "Sell for BCH at $5500", not "Sell BCH for $5500"
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:32:00
Ah, so that's the routing bit. As long as you have enough coins in enough well-connected merchants, you don't have to settle out on the chain. Thank you for the explanation!
@_date: 2017-11-24 00:50:23
Do you bother reading your source material at all before making up headlines?
I get that hating on BCH is the cool thing to do, but posts like this just make this sub look like a bunch of idiots :/
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:08:16


How would you measure this?
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:12:09
The recovery phrase is a special type of private key that can be used to generate an endless list of normal private keys/addresses. This is done in a deterministic manner, so if you enter the same recovery phrase into a different wallet, it will generate all the exact same private keys in the exact same order. What this means:
1. You only need to save your recovery phrase if all of your coins are stored in addresses generated from your recovery phrase. I'm pretty sure Electrum only allows you to do this-- you can "sweep" the contents of an external address/private key into your wallet, but all the addresses/keys actually in your electrum wallet are derived from your recovery phrase.
2. If someone gets access to your recovery phrase, they have access to your entire wallet, including all generated private keys and addresses. Keep it very safe. If by private key you mean one of the keys that corresponds to one of the addresses in your wallet, then it only grants access to that one address. You still should keep these safe.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:45:37
If the computer is physically connected to the internet, that's not an offline wallet.
Low-level attacks (BIOS, MBR, IME, etc) can be installed from one OS and persist when the other OS is running and leak the keys.
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:05:42
This may help you: 
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:18:21
You can import a key that has already been used. This is how you move a key from one wallet to another wallet, such as from a paper wallet to Armory.
@_date: 2015-08-16 05:04:55
It means that the Bitcoin ecosystem is now voting on changes to the rules that guide the network. In general, the benefits of forking allow the network to change, add, and remove rules to better suit how the world needs Bitcoin to function. The drawbacks are that it risks creating confusion, and can result in a split where some people are using the old set of rules after the network has switched to the new set of rules. You may have issues trying to send coins to someone using a different set of rules.
This specific fork is about the maximum size allowed for blocks. Currently, the rules do not allow for blocks larger than 1MiB, but there is a large portion of the community that thinks this is too small and does not give bitcoin the room it needs to grow. There is another large portion of the community that feels the 1MiB limit is beneficial to bitcoin, because it limits the amount of resources required to run a full node. BitcoinCore supports the 1MiB limit, and BitcoinXT (which a clone of BitcoinCore, plus a few small changes) supports raising the limit.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:23:29
Don't take investment advice from reddit. Do your own research to judge the coins on your own. Crypto is still *extremely* volatile, and there is a considerable amount of misinformation in all of the crypto subreddits. Every subreddit is going to say that their coin is the best, and that you should put it all in that one coin.
Ask questions about the different coins in the crypto market until you understand how they work, and then make your decisions.
@_date: 2017-11-24 05:19:50
Bitcoin mining requires that miners do work as fast as they can. It takes roughly 10 minutes of work to mine a block. If you manage to find a way to do the work in a shorter amount of time, the algorithm increases the difficulty of the work so that it starts taking 10 minutes again.
@_date: 2017-11-18 09:22:56
How do you figure? A 1080 Ti would average out to less than 1 satoshi/day given current hashing power of the Bitcoin network:
    32 MH/s / 8 EH/s * 12.5 BTC/Block * 144 Blocks/Day = 0.000000009 BTC/day, or 0.9 sat/day
Now, perhaps if you were mining some alt coin, that might give better returns, but you're not really going to get anywhere trying to mine Bitcoin with a GPU.
@_date: 2015-08-17 12:41:17
That is correct.
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:35:57
Electricity + Cost of ASIC miners makes it really hard to break even. GPU/CPU mining isn't worth it at all.
@_date: 2015-08-17 04:46:06
"Greater than 50%" is a *simple majority*. If there is a threshold higher than that (e.g., 75%), then that is called a *super majority*
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:23:41
In a word: _No_. There is no overall advantage.
From a purely mathematical standpoint, more possible inputs (more dictionaries, randomly generated strings) _does_ increase the entropy of a seed, but it comes at the cost of _significant_ usability. You could also use 100-word seeds instead of 24-word seeds and that would also increase entropy, but again, comes at a cost of usability. There's no such thing as perfect security, everything comes with trade-offs-- And 24 words selected at random from a dictionary of 2048 english words provides _enough_ security that adding additional entropy doesn't really make it any safer, but reduces usability, making for a net negative.
@_date: 2015-08-03 03:44:32
People are downvoting him because while technically correct, he provided none of the context which the OP would need to make use of his statement, and his comment does nothing to help with OP's ignorance of how Bitcoin works.
I would further argue such a comment is *worse* than not commenting at all, because it serves only to confuse the OP.
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:47:00
You always pay a fee when sending bitcoin. This goes to the miners that keep the network secure and process transactions. It may be less than $0.01 or more than $30 depending upon how congested the network is when you try to send bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:19:05
"one-off transactions" are where you have a single transaction with a merchant, such as stopping to get gas at an arbitrary gas station on a road trip.
I'm guessing OP is wondering how paying TX fee to open a channel and TX fee to close a channel is beneficial in this scenario? (Something I've been rather curious about myself)
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:12:22
A better way to look at it: The funds don't leave your account until the transaction shows up in a block.
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:27:06
Someone recently swept all the BCH from segwit addresses (because segwit was implemented on top of "anyone can spend" transactions). There were posts about them offering to return 70% of it for proof of ownership in the other subreddit if the claim was made before Dec. 5th 2017. (I'd link you directly, but that'd probably get me banned from here)
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:25:10
Did you try using a larger gap limit with electrum?
Try with a gap-limit of 100 or 1000 and scan through the addresses to see if the one in question is there.
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:53:58


[It's quite likely]( AWS has lost whole regions almost once a year / once every two years. This is why you spread your services out across multiple AWS regions or across multiple cloud offerings.


We would learn that 90% of Bitcoin nodes (BTC or BCH) simply don't matter. Unless your node is actually doing one of two things:
1. Mining new blocks
2. Broadcasting new transactions (not just forwarding/propagating from other nodes)
Then it really would not be missed if it disappeared.
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:54:48


Creating a channel requires an on-chain transaction though, yes? If fees get anywhere near where they were a week and a half ago (since it seemed like the sentiment here was that they _should_ eventually), wouldn't this very likely lead to some very costly accidents?
@_date: 2015-08-17 04:44:23
Exactly. It only forks *after* 75% of miners agree that XT is Bitcoin and Core is an invalid set of rules ("altcoin", to use your terminology, but I don't think it's proper to apply that to either XT or Core).
It looks at the version number in the last 1000 blocks. If more than 750 of the last 1000 blocks use XT's version number, then the fork will happen.
@_date: 2015-07-24 01:28:42
What do you mean "doesn't broadcast [your] IP"? Doesn't allow anyone to see the IP where your transaction came from? Doesn't allow the bitcoin network to see where your transaction came from?
I generally recommend the Electrum client; it's a lightweight wallet, so no storing of the blockchain. Instead, you connect to a server which broadcasts your transactions for you and sends you transaction information involving your addresses. The server can see which addresses you're watching and your IP, but the bitcoin network can't see your IP. You can run your own server if you want as well if you don't want to trust someone else with knowing your public addresses.
@_date: 2017-11-25 18:01:32
You need Electron Cash 2.9.4 or newer to be compatible with the network.
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:56:04
Sent a PM
@_date: 2015-07-11 15:00:27
Assuming you have the same private keys in both wallets, they are connected by the blockchain.
Every transaction you send is public. As long as both wallets know which addresses to watch, your transactions will show up in both.
@_date: 2015-08-22 06:24:26
I imagine it's because it has to find all of the transactions associated with that key.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:52:45
You would need roughly 70,000,000 RPis to have the same hashing capabilities as a single Antminer S9. You would never be able to create something that is profitable.
@_date: 2015-07-11 17:26:25
Sorry, I should have been more clear; Watch-only addresses do not involve private keys.
Transactions will show up in all wallets which are watching the addresses (hashes of the *public* keys) to which the transaction was sent. These are either addresses added manually (watch-only addresses), or addresses which are derived from the private keys in the wallet.
The private key is only necessary for signing transactions-- in my original statement, I had assumed that you had imported your private keys into multiple wallets.
@_date: 2017-11-19 21:38:18
Note that the seed only recovers the private keys / addresses; any descriptions you assign to transactions or addresses will not be preserved when restoring from the seed.
@_date: 2018-03-25 21:57:50


Broadcasting an earlier state of the channel that's in my favor is more or less a doublespend, no? I agreed to pay something, and then redirected some or all of the funds to a different address, causing the signed transaction I gave you to be invalid.


Except that these technicalities are exactly what this whole thread is about-- you can't just ignore them. Either LN is 0 trust, and you _don't have to watch the network_, or LN requires that you trust either a) the person with whom you've opened the channel or b) your ability to watch the network and confirm your signed transaction before theirs does.
@_date: 2018-03-25 21:29:45


Spending an IOU doesn't imply that it is in any way "settled"-- just that you're extending the trust chain: A promises to pay B, and B promises to pay C. And it does require trust-- I can hand you a signed transaction, and you have to trust that I won't double-spend that signed transaction before you can confirm it-- that's why I said that it's all an IOU until it actually confirms. This goes for practice as well-- or merchants would be accepting 0-conf transactions like candy.
A pre-signed transaction (lightning or otherwise) is worth it's value _less the marginal cost of ensuring that it confirms_. This may be the cost of running your node to watch for rollbacks, or the cost of paying a watch service to do the same, and it might even be negligible, but it's not zero.
@_date: 2018-03-26 03:07:18


Yeah, that's what I was meaning. I think I have my head wrapped around most of the Ln semantics, but I might be slightly off. Key point I was getting at is not all of the funds end up where they should have gone.


I think this is the curious question. As the amount of effort needed to thwart cheating attempts approaches 0, so does the amount of trust required, and arguably, LN transactions approach "non-IOU" status. Right now, thwarting attempts is fairly trivial because of no transaction backlog, but would that have still held up back in... say December? Can you RBF the transaction, or would you have to do CPFP? Do enough miners honor CPFP?
I'm not familiar with the default lock time on the LN transactions-- how long after a hostile party attempts to cheat by broadcasting an older state of the channel to thwart them usually?
@_date: 2018-03-25 21:31:18


Actually, you're person B in that scenario. Person A could double-spend the transaction, and unless you can confirm your transaction before they do, your IOU becomes worthless. The funds are not in your possession until you broadcast the transaction and it confirms.
@_date: 2018-03-25 14:41:24
I’d argue yes— even a signed bitcoin transaction  (ignore lightning for a moment) is an IOU until it actually confirms. Until that transaction makes it into the block chain, no value has actually been transferred.
Lightning is trading a bunch of IOUs just the same as trading fiat bank notes today, except for one very key thing: they’re guaranteed to always be fully funded; you don’t have to worry about fractional reserve banking, and you don’t have to worry about the issuer refusing to honor the IOU.
@_date: 2018-03-25 21:47:07
Ah, I'm not keeping track of the whole thread.


I don't think LN is really that different, though-- person A "cheating" still amounts more or less to a double spend (they agreed to pay something, and then did not by directing part or all of the funds to a different address before payment was settled).


I'd argue you're _entitled_ to their channel balance, but their action of broadcasting an earlier state doesn't inherently _get_ you their channel balance. If you (and/or your LN node, or any watch services acting on your behalf) do nothing, Person A can successfully cheat by broadcasting an earlier state of the channel. Lightning has significantly reduced the amount of trust you need, but it is not 0 trust, which means that a pre-signed transaction (even an LN one), is still an IOU until the transaction confirms on the main chain.
@_date: 2016-10-08 17:23:55
Exactly. Just keep in mind that things like transaction labels aren't stored on the blockchain and thus aren't synced. I *think* Electrum allows you to export / import them manually, but I've not verified this. 
@_date: 2016-10-08 03:00:58
That is correct. From the seed, the wallet generates the private keys needed to spend the coins. If you load the seed into wallets on different computers, they will generate private keys in the same order, and so stay "in sync". The blockchain information will be downloaded from the electrum servers, and used to sync transaction information.
Non-blockchain information will *not* be synced between wallets, because the wallets aren't really "syncing", they're just watching the same addresses on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-11-11 01:25:49
Bingo. I think blocks were being generated in excess of 90 per second at one point until some of the hashing power was turned off. It looks like testnet is undergoing a 20K block re-org to switch from the XT chain to the Core chain since nobody is mining the XT chain any more, and the core chain finally has more work done upon it.
@_date: 2016-07-04 15:58:12
Well, if only you'd used bitcoin, then you could be sitting at home waiting for the transactions to confirm instead!
@_date: 2015-02-18 03:03:46
What does this offer over something like [Toshi]( ?
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:52:02
I think this is it: 
There is also  if you want to just view all transactions as the come in in a more... musical way. Quite relaxing.
@_date: 2013-08-11 03:31:59
I think the point is if you allow Tor, then you can't filter IPs (because Tor masks IPs). Tor provides anonymity, which means that at some point you'll have to deal with people trying to make fraudulent transactions using it. I think the question was asking was if Tor IPs will be added to the blacklist or whitelisted.
@_date: 2013-09-13 02:39:51
Shut up and take my money!
...Seriously, if this works solidly and as easily as it looks, I'd be happy to pay for something like this.