@_author: dartfrogs
@_date: 2016-10-27 00:02:07
What if you are wrong and it is you that is working with the state?
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:12:13
Because we are dealing with a source of my income.
@_date: 2016-10-27 00:31:17
This is what puzzles me.
Why are we rushing to implement new technology (layer 2) on new technology (bitcoin) when all it requires for now is a blocksize increase?
From what I have read, Satoshi planned on bitcoin taking us to the year 2140, when miner rewards deplete.
If 100Mb will keep us good for the next 10 years, then we should do it. He (Satoshi) recommended it.
Routing money through other avenues seems dangerous. I have money invested and so I am worried.
@_date: 2016-10-27 04:39:39
A blocksize increase would have helped with the most recent transaction backlog. A good first start.
Instead, Core developers are working hard to change the fundamentals of bitcoin, when they should be maintaining the network.
How do we know that one of the following is not occurring:
a) Core developers are leveraging their position to build services that they profit from which in turn could destroy value from bitcoin.
b) Core developers have been hired to seize bitcoin, build permission technology into it and have it controlled and regulated by governments.
c) Core developers have been compromised by third-party thieves and are out to steal our bitcoin through lightning hubs, where all of our bitcoin will end up when layer 1 is choked to death.
d) Similar to what the op said and taking into account that bitcoin is extremely valuable, it would make more sense to control bitcoin and break it down for profit while being able to "follow and seize the funds" through the lightning network, what do we really know about this new technology, or even segwit for that matter, which opens up a hole to lightning.
e) None of the above.
This company blockstream, was not funded over a hundred million to simply "do nothing". There is an end goal, there is always an end goal.
The above are all threats and must be taken seriously. Development affects billions in value and I didn't sign-up for these additional threats. I'm invested long-term.
