@_author: da-satoshi
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:01:59
It shall be alright! Welcome to Bitcoin. Don't be dumb and sell at a loss, and you will be fine :). Deflationary currency. Less than 10 years old. More than 1000$. Chill!
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:15:02
Well thanks guy, I tried very hard ;). Power to the people! Store of value is so important and I am glad people can now store value, and if they are patient enough, afford anything with minimal work. Its a very nice system for growth and the future of captialism. Being egofree allowed Satoshi to create it, him not caring about greed pushed BTC along much faster I think. I learned about this from @_date: 2017-03-07 12:32:54
 Its not hard to compromise. Segwit and increase block size isn't a big deal! It keeps bitcoin from scaling dynamically. I think it should be done!
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:51:46
Segwit blocksize increase yea... but just a little more 2 MB more forever. No dynamic block size increasing shennigans.
Bitmain has no "do what we say or crush you bullshit". We can fork off if we had to. Users decide BTC ultimately. Other coins gaining popularity etc shows if that happening is. Fortunately, BTC is skyrocketing merely because of store of value usecase, and it is the one winning popularity contest by oh 1000$ or so.
BTC is about store of value. Noone cares about using bitcoin like visa net. Being smart with scaling keeps bitcoin from being controlled by rich companies and users only. It keeps it PEER TO PEER because the blockchain getting too big is bad for downloading and developing on bitcoin. So it allows EVERYONE to continue to do work, not just bitmain. Even them poor Africans who want a place to safely store value and watch it increase with the power of deflation currency for first time in history.
People want a safe store of value coin, not a weak competitor to handling transactions the way they are current handled with countless transactions per secs. BITCOIN IS STORE OF VALUE COIN, get it now?
Segwit is a block size increase, but we can do a bit more to "compromise" with the folks, and avoid dynamic scaling