@_author: dasfxa3251
@_date: 2011-10-31 04:57:34
to be honest it's neat - but not that amazing.. ultimately there are only two possibilities - that they money gets paid to someone or that it doesn't. 
If you have honest parties then the transaction goes through fine with or without contracts. if you have dishonest parties then they will still find ways to game the contracts.
I'm not convinced that they'll have that many practicial applications. sure - we can have a fancy 'escrow' but would that be better than a normal escrow? maybe.. but maybe not.. the escrow can't directly steal the money and run off.. but  suppose the escrow turns out to be evil and colludes with one or the other party to either make the transaction go through when it shouldn't or similarly - reverse it when they shouldn't.
maybe the escrow is an honest dealer but it still has to evaluate what it should do based on information from the two other parties.. basically you now have a paypal like situation where perhaps one of the parties can say to the escrow 'oh my wallet was hacked - please reverse the trasnsaction'.. what will they do? who knows but i'm sure sometimes they will make the 'wrong' decision. this can be gamed.
the developers seemed to be focusing alot of effort on this because they want to use it for securing wallets but again let's look at the use case;
if you lock up your money so that some 3rd party website has to agree before it can be moved all that really means is that the hacker needs to compromise both your wallet and your credentials to the 3rd party website.. sure it'll be harder than not having to do that - but i kindof wish we had some other options such as smart cards or even wallet printing/importatation built into the main client instead as I'm not convinced that the real world benefits will be that great. if the website vanishes or gets hacked the hacker might not be able to steal your money but they can possibly make it inaccessible to anyone.
contracts are kindof neat but i'm still not convinced they will be as amazing as alot of people seem to think.. 