@_author: dasiffy
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:35:35
Are you saying a node can only accept a hop (tx), if it sends a hop (tx) to the next node?
How does an exit node agree to this when they have to pay on-chain tx fee's? 
Would there be two transactions on LN in this case? one to the exit node to cover the fee and one to the on-chain wallet? or would the exit node skim off the transfer? Or is the fee spread out across all who use the LN?
related side question... do you think exit nodes (exchanges) would lower fees for funding LN channels, because they could front you the on-LN-BTC, and take your $20 deposit and add it to a pot and once the pot gets to say... 10BTC then do a single on-chain transaction? That way the on-chain fee for a user would be much lower when channel funding.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:29:25
from what i understand (i could be very wrong here), all LN is multi-sig.
A and B setup a channel, where A and B do business often. A puts money into the multi-sig (Think of it like gift cards, where the money is already loaded, and you don't have to spend all of it at once.), and *both* A and B have to sign in order for any funds to be sent to B. The multi-sig is an escrow.
At the same time that both have to approve release or sending, either can exit the multi-sig setup at any time, and the remaining balance goes back to the buyer. (depending on how it was setup)
Having a 2-3 mulitsig, (which is possible apparently) would allow the funds from A(buyer) to be sent to B(seller), if B and C(3^rd party) agree, regardless if A is happy. This is where escrow scams could happen if B and C are in cahoots. 
It's only when the "escrow balance" is created, reaches zero, or when either party exits the multisig, does the transactions get sent to the blockchain. Hence the "lightning speed". The micro transactions aren't sent to the blockchain until the whole thing is finalized one way or the other, so there's no delay.
Also apparently, you don't need to create a channel if someone else already has one open, and you do business between them?? A→B via K or something. IDK.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:54:31
It's like gift cards. You buy a gift card once, then use that card many times. You pay blockchain fees when you buy the card, the card reaches zero, or you get a refund for the remaining balance. While you use the gift card, you pay LN fee's (which are much smaller)
LN is for when you do business with someone a lot. Like a coffee shop, food, rent, monthly cell phone bill... etc.
It's not for buying a new car, or sofa, or something you do once in a blue moon.
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:31:25
The coffee shop example is still the best example.
Person A (customer) buys coffee daily from Person B ( java the hut inc. ). A and B set up a channel in the LN. Person A puts 0.01BTC into the channel.
At this point 0.01BTC has been removed from Person A's wallet, and it's been recorded on the blockchain.
Now every day when A goes to B and buys a coffee for 0.0002BTC, A *and* B *both* sign the channels record and 0.0002BTC is removed from the original 0.01BTC.
At this point none of these micro transactions are recorded on the blockchain. None of the coffee purchases get recorded on the blockchain.
The channel gets closed when A *or* B want it to close. Both party's have a "close channel" key, and can use it at any time. (Also, when the balance reaches zero the channel automatically closes. There can also be time limits atatched too where channels expire and close.)
B can close the channel if A takes too many sugars and B doesn't want A's business. B can also close if they need the money turned into FIAT. (end of the month, bills need to be paid etc.)
A can close the channel if B makes crappy coffee too many times. Or if A gets a new job and doesn't visit B anymore.
However the channel ends up closing, whatever the remaining balance is left goes back to A.
When the channel closes, the final balance is *then* recorded on the blockchain.
It can get more complicated when more than two people are involved in a channel, but for the most part, it's just setting money aside when you know you're going to spend money at one place.
So a couple of things....  
you will never put all of your bitcoin into one channel.  
you would probably would never use LN for a single one-off purchase.  
you would probably never use LN if you couldn't get what you paid for instantly. (like coffee, netflix subscription, or a steam game download)  
you can close the channel at any time.  
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:49:47
I don't *think* so.... ripple is more a way for banks to send value to each other globally, without dealing with currency exchanges. ie: instead of converting AUD to JPY, and then sending that, banks would convert AUD→xrp then send xrp to the japanese bank, who converts xrp→jpy. It turns days into seconds, from the existing method of wire transfers.
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:25:23
For answers 1~4 bitcoin and all cryptocurrencies are in the infrastructure building phase. New problems which weren't predicted in the design phase are popping up and new solutions have to be thought up to deal with them. Some people like forks, some people like whole fundamental changes, and some people like whole new coins. 
Nothing is ready to act as a currency yet.
It's coming... but it might be 2~4 years (by my guess)
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:45:43
i believe the current reward is 12.5BTC or ≈ $202,300 USD.
Why wouldn't you try to get the best equipment possible, when it's a race?
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:23:38
It's very easy with javascript to steal your keys. It's actually [a feature.]( -- [more](
The malicious script can be in another tab, or window. It doesn't even have to be on the keygen page. Any desktop app which runs javascript, could also be monitoring. (it doesn't have to come from a web browser)
The only way to tell if someone is listening, is to go through the code of all the websites you're visiting.
making a live linux USB is easy enough, that all you need do, is hit the reset, load from usb, generate keys, print, and reset again back into your normal setup. Using a lightweight distro and USB 3.0, is almost as fast as loading from a ssd.