@_author: data_quarantine
@_date: 2014-04-26 11:36:59
What a tease. 
Your title implies that you are accepting it already, and I am just horny + tipsy enough to consider paying for porn right now. Unfortunately when I go to the signup page there is nothing for Bitcoin payments at all. 
Off to /d/, I guess. 
Edit: Found Bitcoin payment option in the FAQ, but there is no 1 month option. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 12:19:17
Sent you a PM, thanks. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:21:34
I first found bitcoin in 2012, I remember buying my first 6 btc for around $50 total. I bought them not so much as an investment, but because I liked the idea, and because I wanted to donate to Wikileaks. 
Over the next few months the price continued to rise, and when the price crossed $100 in early 2013 I was so excited; not because I had made a bit of money, but because people were starting to realize bitcoin's potential.
I was living with my dad at the time and I made the mistake of telling him about how I had these things called 'bitcoins', and that they had gone up in value by hundreds of percent. Instead of congratulating me like I expected him to, my father began berating me. "Of course it's a ponzi scheme, no legitimate investment is going to have returns like that". 
I insisted that I had done the research, which I had. Like so many of us, after a few months of learning about bitcoin I was obsessed. I literally spent all of my free time reading about bitcoin. When it was slow at work, I would walk off the floor and read about bitcoin in the stairwell. I couldn't get enough. I thought I knew what I was talking about. 
"You think you can get that money out, but you can't. If you've got money to be throwing away into some ponzi scheme, you can afford to help me out more with rent".
I was so embarrassed, none of my arguments could assuage him. Maybe I didn't know what I was talking about.
He wouldn't let up until I got my money out. I had been reading a lot about this new service called 'Coinbase' which made it easy to buy and sell bitcoin for US residents. I submitted my information and was verified a few days later. 
I was a bit disappointed at being forced to sell, but I relented to my father that this would surely 'prove' that bitcoin was not a ponzi scheme. I sold everything. I showed my account balance to my dad after the transfer had gone through and I think he must have been a bit surprised. I bought a new(er) car on Craigslist with the money.
Of course I kept buying bitcoin after that, it was easy after having Coinbase tied to my bank account. After seeing countless newspaper articles about it (yes, that's how he gets his 'news'), my dad ended up apologizing to me, and even came around and bought a small amount of bitcoin, right at the peak of the Mt. Gox bubble. No, I never heard the end of that one.
My dad still holds to this day, but I think he's more concerned with the price rather than the tech. He'll come around. Now he mails me newspaper clippings of bitcoin articles. It's cute.
Moral of the story is that your dad is probably just trying to look out for you. Appreciate his perspective, and maybe if you're lucky you'll be able to teach him a thing or two.