@_author: datageek9
@_date: 2019-07-23 10:38:17
Let me try to answer as a non-HODLer and a skeptic.
At its root I believe this is to do with values, specifically things that crypto believers tend to value highly, but which most other people do not. I can see that BTC has some properties that are arguably of value, notably (sort of) anonymity, avoidance of supervision by regulated financial institutions (AML, KYC, tax compliance, etc) and immunity from government monetary "interference" (monetary/fiscal policy, QE/money printing etc).
These are clearly things that the majority of BTC owners value highly. But the reality is that most other people (and that means 90%+) don't value those things anything like as highly as some of the properties of the fiat-based banking system, things that crypto does not have and in most cases probably never will have due to fundamental incompatibility. These include: inflationary stability, consumer protection (backed by statutory / regulatory guarantees), protection from fraud/lost passwords, etc.
Now you might argue that some of these will inevitably happen in the future. But this isn't like technological progress. I don't see how anyone can invent their way out of economic / political problems like currency instability or lack of government backing. So it's pure faith to believe that this kind of huge change will happen, and most people don't share it.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:09:18
For 7 transactions per second? The banking system processes over 50000 tps.
@_date: 2018-09-08 20:34:05
It might at first appear axiomatic that the inability of governments to seize and reallocate assets can only be a good thing. But the reality is that it's a double-edged sword.
Literally every day we read stories on Reddit of scams, theft, fraud, extortion and all manner of other economic crimes involving crypto. People are losing their life savings, money they can't afford to lose in many cases, and it comes down to the fact that even if the authorities can investigate and solve these crimes, they can't recover the money because of exactly the reasons you explained.
What most people want is for the government to help protect them, their assets and belongings. They want that more than they fear the government stealing their money. So for most people the benefits of a regulated banking system with all the consumer protections and controls in place to protect them is more important. You are welcome to feel differently about it but the reality is most people don't.
@_date: 2018-09-13 22:10:54
There are other elements of a block content that can be varied, like order of transactions in the merkle tree, or just adding random dummy (zero value) transactions. So even if a miner was allocated a specific nonce range, they could just iterate through these other elements to modify the Merkle root and use as much capacity as they have available.
@_date: 2018-09-09 14:13:44
Value = purchasing power.
What will 1 BTC be able buy in 317 years? It can't actually last more than maybe another 50 years or so. After the block rewards decay to almost nothing the blockchain will become unsecurable and criminals or state actors will move in to steal (double spend) what they can and  destroy what's left. After the first few 51% attacks everyone will realise the game is over and value will drop to exactly zero.
@_date: 2018-09-06 16:16:59
???? Not sure where to start, I guess you didn't do any science at school. 
Firstly, climate change is not literally caused by the heat generated by your computer or the exhaust from your car heating things up in the immediate vicinity. It is caused by CO2 and some other gases in the atmosphere acting as a kind of "blanket" over the world that traps heat (letting the sun's rays through while blocking terrestrial radiated heat from escaping). It doesn't matter where the CO2 came from, it's a global effect and it's total worldwide emissions that matter.
Secondly  most PoW mining is done on industrial scale farms, not in people's bedrooms.
@_date: 2018-09-05 21:26:15
What is the source of these numbers? What research has been done?
The banking system processes 100s of billions of transactions per year and keeps the entire global economy working. Bitcoin doesn't do either of those things. PoW is a massive, horrific waste of increasingly scarce resources and a significant global contributor to CO2 emissions.
@_date: 2018-09-07 15:28:49
Not sure how I'm a troll, but sure I have an agenda: dismantling the nonsense people spout about cryptocurrencies including (among other things) the lies about PoW energy consumption and environmental impact.
Anyway, since you have studied science at the highest academic level: among your post-doctoral research in whatever science you did, what did you find that suggests that limits to spatial energy density mitigate the environment impact of energy consumption? References would be helpful.
@_date: 2018-09-12 03:09:53
Bitcoiners = (mostly) ancaps = basically alt-right
@_date: 2018-09-09 14:06:53
Equates to annualized compound inflation of about 1.7%. That's extremely good for a currency, although admittedly most of the inflation has been in last 100 years.
BTC has done terribly in comparison, it's volatility is 100s of times higher than GBP or USD over the  period in which it has existed. Remember that large changes in currency value in either direction (up or down) are bad for an economy. Currency value needs to be predictable. Increases in currency value (deflation) are bad for borrowers as their real debt increases faster than they can repay it. That means the rich (debt-free hodlers) benefit while the poor suffer more.
Anyhow, so what was your point again?
@_date: 2018-08-13 05:37:41
 The Gov wouldn’t need to confiscate crypto, just undermine confidence in its value to the extent that most people would not want to use it as a store of value and so would prefer to invest in economic instruments instead. Closing down exchanges (making conversion to/from fiat difficult), interfering with crypto network traffic (including Tor), launching covert 51% attacks etc. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 01:52:14
The notion that smart contracts could manage risk in the same way banks do is a fantasy. Managing credit risk and liquidity is the main purpose of banks. Decentralized lending has been tried before with peer-to-peer and it's a risky investment, not a replacement for banking.
When average normal  people deposit money in a savings account, they need to feel they can trust the bank to use it responsibly, while at the same time people who need to borrow need to be able to do so at reasonable rates. When smart contracts default, who covers the loss? Who makes sure depositors can still withdraw their funds (BTC or whatever) when some underlying debtors have disappeared ? When are crypto zealots going to realise that normal people just want a stable currency, can borrow when they need to, are protected from scammers and don't need a degree in CompSci to understand how to keep their money safe from hackers? Until crypto can offer these things, and right now there is exactly zero sign that it ever will, the idea that it will dismantle the financial system is a damaging delusion.
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:02:23
Mixing/tumbling looks exactly like money laundering to a bank, ie obfuscating the source of funds.
I think theres a good chance of extension of money laundering regulations in future that would mean any coins that have been the outputs of mixer/tumbler operations since some previous checkpoint (original mining,  purchase via a certified exchange) will get blacklisted and make it much more difficult to exchange for fiat. 
So don't hold your hopes up that it's going to all be fine. One could argue that lots of things should be private and not be open to the prying eyes of the state, but financial transactions are not one of them, there is too much at stake.
@_date: 2018-05-09 18:31:46
Sure it’s safe for you as a merchant.
But the problem is more for customers paying with BTC or other crypto. If a customer sent BTC directly to a bad seller who doesn’t deliver or the goods are defective, they have no means of redress, their money is gone. As an intermediary PayPal provides that protection to customers, so they can buy online with confidence.
There are some third party buyer protection services for BTC transactions that use some form of escrow or smart contract arrangement to deal with disputes. But then you could still end up with charge backs within some set time period, and they charge a fee, so not really different from PayPal.
@_date: 2018-05-29 11:29:18
This kind of tinfoil hat paranoid conspiracy theory rambling is a big part of the reason that cryptocurrency is never going to be more than a zero-sum speculative commodity. Most of the volume of BTC transactions is speculative profit-seeking which won't move the world any further toward mass adoption, it has nothing to do with this idealistic stuff.
More than 90% of people on this planet have no assets to invest. No one knows exactly who HODLs the untraded BTC but it isn't those 90%. They have no interest in these conspiracy theories and this misguided idea that by using crypto they are suddenly going to take back control from "The System". For the poor, trying to switch to a currency that is much less stable than fiat makes no sense. If you have loan repayments to make in fiat, you aren't going to accept a job paying BTC if it's value could drop 10% or more by next month. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 22:17:29
Ok I’ve made my point and you have made yours. Its not for this topic to discuss the relative pros and cons of cars, groceries, phones or the internet, or elaborate on the most effective ways to launder money . But I would like developers to carefully consider the consequences of the technology they create and ask themselves do they honestly believe it is for the greater good. I don't see a lot of that happening in the crypto space,  it mostly looks like old fashioned greed to me.
@_date: 2018-05-29 16:53:20
Actually I'm European and have travelled widely including to a number of third world countries, not that that's particularly relevant. But sure you go ahead and make that *ad hominem* argument, I don't think you're going to change  many hearts and minds around here.
@_date: 2018-05-29 22:05:01
You can believe whatever you want to believe and define stability like that if you want. But the rest of the world won't adopt BTC as a currency and unit of account until it's real value (relative to that of goods and services that people buy and sell every day) doesn't fluctuate widely from month to month. That's what everyone else means by stability.
@_date: 2018-05-31 11:00:41
We have different philosophies on what is important. I gather that you believe in the prioritisation of privacy above all else including over law enforcement, whereas I am a pragmatist and believe there is a need to find a balance that works. 


Yes there is a need for more transparency in state expenditure. I believe that's what the public needs and would probably vote for, not an ability to hide their financial activity from law enforcement.


That's a new one to me. Try telling that to the judge, you never know it might work.


Oh yes, the old them and us distinction. So who is "us"? BTC holders? Those not in government or politics? The Panama Papers revealed people from all walks of life involved in (alleged) money laundering and tax avoidance/evasion. The common factor with them all is not being part of "the state" (most are not), but wealth and a sense that this wealth entitles them to not abide by the same rules as everyone else. Everybody must be held to the same standards, whether you run a country, a police department, a corner store or a BTC mining farm.
@_date: 2018-05-29 09:46:08
Inflation is essentially harmless if it is both low (a few % ) and predictable. If you know your USD is going to be worth about 2% less in 12 months time, you can choose to keep it and have its value slowly erode, or invest it aiming for a higher return but at some risk. Anyone keeping the majority of their wealth in a low interest bearing account for 20 years needs their head examined.
This is essential for a healthy economy because it stops people hoarding cash and encourages them to take some risks through investing in businesses.
The theory that governments create inflation with the main purpose of eroding their own debt is a huge misunderstanding. Anyone lending to the state (eg buying gilts) will price expected inflation into the interest rate, so the government could only benefit if inflation *exceeds* forecasts. But this doesn’t happen in most western economies because central banks are tasked with the objective of keeping inflation within publicly stated limits. Any government in a western democracy that allows runaway inflation would be booted out of office, and subsequent governments would find it much more expensive to borrow. It’s much easier for them to just let sovereign debt pile higher and higher, but that’s another story.
@_date: 2018-05-26 21:09:47
Again, it's a lazy cliche to push the notion that everything that everyone in all banks do is immoral just because a minority of banks behaved very irresponsibly with debt-based instruments and nearly brought down the financial system 10 years ago. Fortunately I think most people can now look past this and recognise that financial institutions have a role to play in trying to keep the system honest.
I have seen first hand the good we do so I need no convincing of that. I also have never experienced in my job anyone asking me or anyone else to do something I'd consider immoral or unethical. So to convince me that "all banks are bad"  you'll need to try a lot harder. Maybe you could start by naming some of the specific journalists or political dissidents who you believe have been unfairly placed on the international sanctions list (  and I'll look into it.
@_date: 2018-05-31 11:08:37
Actually I think it's technically called apophenia.
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:32:34


How do you work that out? Have you used a macroeconomic forecasting model? Financial instruments don't magically achieve the level of stability you're talking about without being anchored to an economy through use as a widespread unit of account. That means prices, wages, loan repayments and a wide range of other income streams and liabilities being denominated in BTC. Until that happens, it will remain a volatile speculative commodity. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 06:35:42
The best-laid plans of mice and men... the original altruistic intentions of the project will have little impact on how it works out in the long run. 
Unfortunately the lack of regulation means in reality a lot of people will suffer.
@_date: 2018-05-30 10:06:43
Most of the increase in money supply in properly functioning economies is through a combination of lending (particularly fractional reserve lending) and the state spending money it doesn't have by issuing bonds, not the central bank printing money.
So if BTC were to be successful, inflation will still happen in the short term (if prices go up, they go up, people borrow more to make ends meet, workers demand higher wages, etc) . However without the ability to print money, there is a danger that interest rates will spiral out of control because there will be insufficient credit supply (no spare money to lend, leading to rate gouging). This would probably crash the economy after a while as businesses go bankrupt. The resulting sudden drop in productivity would lead to further inflation (even with a fixed money supply, because GDP has dropped, each BTC is worth less in real terms). At that point there would be attempts to solve the problem, eg a flight back to centrally managed fiat currencies, or else a hard fork that changes the mining reward to remove the limit (no more halving). Either way, the myth that any currency can magically eliminate inflation will evaporate.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:02:35
In what way do the lines you have drawn relate to the actual data? Linear regression? More like linear delusion.
@_date: 2018-05-30 06:22:11
A lot of people are speculating on BTC in order to make a profit, or transacting to buy and sell other cryptos. I would not be surprised if there has been a net flow from cash to BTC for this purpose.
However very few people (other than criminals)  use it to transact for purchases of goods and services. The few stores that do accept it tend to do so as a publicity gimmick because of the high costs and exchange rate risk.
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:11:49
My conscience is clear thanks. It's a lazy, clichéd and paranoid stereotype painting banks as the bad guys in all this, but I guess that goes with territory around here.
@_date: 2018-05-25 14:40:33
Good question, I think people should try to find their own balance between having a comfortable life and doing the right thing. I work in a bank, helping to design anti money laundering transaction monitoring systems (among other things).
So maybe not quite dedicating my whole life but it's probably the best use of my particular skills in data architecture and analytics that I can apply to help solve the problem. Not sure how I could do the same if I quit my job.
@_date: 2018-05-09 19:00:19
You would need to check the terms of any such service (Bitify, Bitrated etc) but I don't think they provide protection for fraud arising from stolen crypto wallets/keys, so I don't think you would get chargebacks for that.
@_date: 2018-05-29 14:07:06
Gold is volatile compared with USD when measured in inflationary terms (relative buying power in its home economy, ie USA). Swings of 10% to 20% per annum  (against USD) are typical and hard to predict in advance, compared with USD inflation which has been about 2-3% per year over the last 25 years and fairly predictable.
EDIT I should add that gold is partially anchored to the economy by virtue of its real and perceived utility (in jewelry, electronics etc) as well as a store of value. By contrast cryptocurrencies only have value based on expected future valuation by financial markets, so I expect BTC to be a bit more volatile than gold in the long run.
@_date: 2018-05-10 07:38:27
That really sucks.
But I think this highlights that there is huge and misguided overconfidence across the community in the myth that cryptocurrency is  "more secure" than the modem fiat banking system. Security isn't just about clever maths and tech like hashing, asymmetric crypto, distributed verification and so on. It's also about all the surrounding banking processes, regulation and consumer protection that comes into play when normal people make genuine mistakes (like losing a credit card or getting malware on their computer) and get defrauded as a result. I don't know about our countries but in the UK we have full protection from banking fraud including if an unauthorised person obtains your password (which is why banks enforce two factor auth to setup new payees). Until BTC has this kind of protection, I wouldn't advise anyone to use it.
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:22:39
I'm not a politician so not in a position to stop wars. But the crypto dev community is in a position to make it more rather than less difficult to commit financial crime, hence the power/responsibility argument.
The link is that large scale organised criminal operations like human trafficking need complex and risky money laundering solutions to receive proceeds from selling their "goods", pay suppliers (recruitment, transportation, etc) and receive the profits, all across multiple international  borders. Traditionally this would all be done in hard cash but that is high risk because it needs physical presence to handover, and can be used as evidence when found. In many cases it's difficult to detect and prove crime has occurred without showing money has changed hands.
Fully private fungible crypto could solve those problems, allowing criminal operations to evade justice and continue without being caught. The easier it is to get away with the money without being caught, the more bad guys will do it. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 12:31:06
You're just deflecting from the issue. Your position is indefensible so it must be someone else’s fault, right? Blah blah Middle East blah blah incompetent tax collectors...  it’s like handing out loaded guns to known criminals and then  blaming anyone but yourself when someone gets killed. As I said, if you want to change the system, you have to take responsibility for the consequences.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:34:12
If online wallet services like Coinbase can lend BTC that belongs to depositors, the effective supply will increase. Say Alice holds 10 BTC in a Coinbase wallet. Coinbase lends 9.9 BTC to Bob, who pays all of it to Charlie. Alice's  online wallet still says she has 10 BTC and Charlie has 9.9. Where did it come from? That's fractional reserve. It has the effect of increasing money supply and making the amount of "real" money (physical cash / coins on the Block chain) irrelevant.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:26:17
What you have described is virtual accounting, not fractional reserve. In banking, virtual accounting is where an agency bank holds a single main account with a clearing bank, and the agency bank's customers each have a virtual account under that main account. The virtual accounts are tracked by the agency bank and their balances add up to the balance of the main account. When moving funds between two virtual accounts under the same agency bank, they do this within their virtual accounting system so no actual payment occurs.
Fractional reserve is where Alice deposits money (or BTC) with a bank (online wallet service). The bank (wallet service) then lends some of Alice's money (BTC) to Bob, who uses it to pay Charlie. As far as Alice is concerned, she still has her money (BTC) in her account (wallet), but now Charlie has got it as well! How did that happen? Not only that, but Charlie now deposits the money and his bank lends (most of) it to Doris, and so ad infinitum. 
In banking this is allowed because bank accounts themselves don't hold "real money", they are essentially IOUs - if you have $100 in an account, it just means the bank owes you $100. They don't have to hold the money. The bank owes $100 to Alice and $90 to Charlie, while Bob owes the bank $90 (plus interest) so they all net off. No real money is created, but the effective money supply in the economy is increased by allowing banks to hold most of their security in the form of debt.
There is absolutely nothing to stop BTC exchanges doing the same if they provide custodial wallet services, and they could offer credit interest to depositors (with rates depending on factors such as term or withdrawal notice period etc) to attract capital. With no regulations, they could lend as much as they wanted.
The practical impact will be to increase the *effective* supply of BTC even if the number of actual coins is limited to 21M. This is turn will allow inflation to take effect (assuming there is demand for BTC credit, which I think is likely as there are always people who need to borrow money).  So much for the notion of a deflationary currency with a strictly fixed supply.
@_date: 2018-05-30 06:39:14
Well last year 0.001 BTC could have bought me a 4 beers, now I can't even buy 2 with it. How did that happen?
The true financial value of something is its buying power
@_date: 2018-05-23 15:03:05
It really concerns me and many others that there is an underlying emerging philosophy to all this that the perceived need for privacy overrides all other concerns. I think there is real danger that the crypto community is blindly stumbling into an indefensibly immoral, even "evil" position that equates willfull ignorance (someone might be using this for bad things but I have designed it so that we don't know and don't care) with blamelessness.
In Spider-Man 's words, "With great power comes great responsibility ". I'm concerned that this community wants to take all the power from the financial system, but without any of the responsibility.
Tax avoidance. Terrorist financing. Proceeds of crime including human trafficking of women and children into slavery. What are you doing to make sure that these things don't happen? Banks and other financial institutions have to actively monitor and report suspicious activity to help prevent these crimes. Yes some bad ones flaunt and break the law, but at least the majority are trying to do the right thing. Meanwhile crypto seems to be heading in precisely the opposite direction by building the tools that make crime prevention impossible. 
What are you doing about it? Are you saying that your financial privacy from the state is more important than preventing children from being stolen from their parents and sold into slavery? IGNORANCE IS NOT AN EXCUSE. Think about it.
@_date: 2018-05-24 08:07:31
I barely need to point out how absurd your argument is, but basically you are saying "we are a violent species, crime has always existed, it's human nature, we can't completely eliminate it, so therefore we should just let it happen and deliberately make it easier for people to get away with it without leaving a trace". 
The essence of morality is to override our base violent instincts and harness our intellect to do good instead of evil. If you want to "stick it to The Man", you need to realize where the corruption is, which is in wealth-driven special interests that drive government policy and weaken rather than strengthen law enforcement.  Making it easier for the 1% to hide their financial assets from authorities is going to make the lives of us in the 99% worse not better. But then maybe you are part of the 1% in which case I understand your motivation.
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:58:05
90% of people on this planet will not adopt BTC as a currency until after the point when volatility drops below the level of fiat, which in turn will require more than 50% of people within an economy to be using it... in other words, Catch 22. It will never be a mainstream currency or unit of account, so the power of central bankers will not be taken away by BTC or any other crypto.
BTC is a store of value, so use it like that. Just HODL as long as you dare and then sell for as big a  profit as you can find, that’s the point. If your aim is to help take apart and rebuild the whole financial system, invest in FinTech.
@_date: 2019-03-09 09:09:23
The Bank of England doesn't gain a penny from inflation, their most important goal is keeping it under 2%. The ones that "steal" the value are all borrowers, including government but also anyone with a credit card balance, mortgage or any other kind of debt. Anyone lending money (inc banks) loses value because the capital returned in future is now worth less.
Why is it that I end up having to spend so much time teaching 8th grade economics to crypto fans? Did you guys all fail it at school? I guess that would explain a lot lol.
@_date: 2019-11-27 17:05:32
Everyone knows you need to get regular pay rises to cover the increasing cost of living, it’s a fact of life not some obscure mystery unless you’ve been living under a rock.
How is 2-5% per annum a bad thing when comparing with BTC that goes up or down that much in an hour and has seen multiple 100s of % year on year? And if you think it’s ok because it’s deflationary, firstly over the scale of up to a couple of years (which is a long time for most people) it is not deflationary, it’s just horribly volatile. Secondly don’t forget that liabilities denominated in a deflationary currency are a huge problem. Imagine you borrow money and find that next year the real value of your debt has doubled because the currency is now worth twice as much (which means that your income stream has probably halved in absolute terms). Use of a currency as a unit of account requires above everything else a predictable stable value. BTC will never be a stable unit of account. Not this year, not in 2030, not in 2100, not ever.
@_date: 2018-06-20 11:15:42
You're either trolling or unable to grasp the simplest of concepts that a 6 yo child would easily understand . Either way I don't know why I'm answering but here goes.
It doesn't matter whether BTC goes up or down in value relative to USD (or anything else like gold, pints of milk or any other value metric). At the start of the year the lender has 100 BTC. They make a simple decision: HODL, or lend. The lender's objective is to have as much  money as possible at the end of the year. At the end of the year they either have 100 BTC (if they HODLed) or 98 BTC (if they lent the money and got paid back).
It doesn't matter whether BTC has appreciated or declined in value relative to anything else. There is no scenario where the lender is better off if they lent the money than if they hadn't lent it. If you think there is any scenario (just one will do) where the lender would be better off lending than HODLing, please enlighten us with your wisdom.
Otherwise please stop trolling, it's just embarrassing, everyone is laughing at you.
@_date: 2018-06-02 13:39:47
30% inflation is extremely high, unsustainable and damaging for an economy. Most western fiat currencies have rates in the region of 2-3%.
Cryptocurrency volatility is still far too high to describe it accurately as deflationary, it's just hype.  Short term inflation can and does still occur with a fixed money supply - the value of BTC has dropped over 60% from its peak in about 6 months, which equates to a *inflation* (not deflation) annualized rate of over 500%.
Deflation is also damaging to an economy because it leads to cash hoarding. Why buy something today when you could wait until next month and it will cost less? Why borrow money for 3 years, if it's going to cost more and more in real terms to repay? A small amount of inflation encourages investment and economic activity.
@_date: 2018-06-15 12:08:26
The problem with unit of account is competing against the immense stabilizing inertia that incumbent fiat currencies have in the economy. Salaries, rent, store prices, supply contracts, mortgage payments, loans, bank accounts, are all denominated in fiat, and in a properly functioning economy this has a huge stabilizing effect so you never see wild swings in value.
That means if your rent payments are in USD, accepting a salary fixed in BTC is high risk because its value against the USD could drop and leave you homeless. On the other hand if you earn fiat but borrow BTC to buy a car or a house, you could find yourself unable to pay it back if the BTC price goes up.
Until BTC volatility drops to a level close to or below that of fiat, very few people in an economy will adopt it because of these risks. But without adoption, there is no inertia in the crypto's value and it wont stabilize. Bottom line: there is literally no mechanism for it to happen, it's just wishful thinking. Repeating the mantra "we have to use it for everything so it will get adopted" will never have any effect, it's like trying to boil the ocean.
@_date: 2018-06-13 17:51:16


True, but it’s FinTechs, not crypto which are providing the real competition. 


Ahh... so banks charge you interest. For what? For *lending you money*. Can you find anyone to lend you BTC for free? Can you find anyone to lend you BTC for an interest rate that’s even remotely competitive with bank lending? There is virtually no credit market in crypto and there never will be because without fractional reserve there is very little credit liquidity (availability of capital to lend). 


Crypto doesn’t compete with paper cash, a better comparison is using credit cards or wire transfers. Fees for these are low and getting lower.


Domestic wire payments are free in most developed countries. For international, FinTechs like PayPal, TransferWise etc will push down costs for international wire transfers to near zero. Crypto has missed the boat on that.


Most consumers (the sensible ones) won’t use payment methods that offer no merchant fraud/insolvency protection.
@_date: 2018-06-08 16:47:50
How does a caller without the same kind of phone know how much to send and to which address? You would basically have to reinvent the entire international phone system to incorporate a payment channel into call switching protocols to make this work. Good luck though.
@_date: 2018-06-02 16:50:10
Imagine someone took out a 5 year loan at the beginning of 2013, borrowing 100 BTC \(worth about $1300 at the time\). Just the principal repayments \(ignoring interest\) would have cost them over $100,000 worth of BTC in real value terms. Now obviously back then there was no BTC lending, but a credit market is necessary for an economy to function. Volatility hurts people and businesses \- whether its going up or down, someone loses.
@_date: 2018-06-13 12:38:11


Are you talking about currency instability or poverty? Aside from the lack of consideration for what happens if you replace a fiat currency with a non-expandable money supply in a collapsing economy (law of unintended consequences), it is simple not true that the majority don’t have a stable currency. According to Wikipedia only about 1 in 8 people in the world live in countries with greater than 10% inflation (as of 2017), while more than 75% enjoy inflation rates below 5%. So your target audience  is only a small fraction of the global population.
@_date: 2018-06-15 09:52:31
You are talking about two different things. Reserve currencies are foreign currencies  held by governments or sovereign states. A unit of account is something that all banks, people and businesses use to denominate assets and liabilities, including amounts owed from one party to another, such as loans, salaries etc. So which do you mean?
@_date: 2018-06-04 11:45:10


Not in the eyes of the law. But by that logic, all crypto use is money laundering.


Let's see:
 1) a few banks out of 1000s over the last few years have failed to prevent ML, got caught and paid massive fines, demonstrating that banks are heavily incentivised to put effective AML systems in place and the majority have done so.
2) BTC is absolutely rife with ML and is deliberately designed to encourage it without any monitoring.
So no, they are not being hypocritical.
@_date: 2018-06-13 16:56:53
Have you noticed that adoption time for new technologies has dramatically decreased over the last 100 years as the world has become more connected, particularly after the Internet took off? Makes sense, because it now takes no time at all for information and opinions about new things to spread, while global supply chains make it much faster to bring products to market across the world. All the things you listed that were created in the last 15 years took less than 5 years to catch on and become huge.
But where is Bitcoin? It's been around 9 years, everyone in the world has heard of it, but hardly anyone is actually using it and most of those are just buying it as a speculative investment rather than for its claimed functionality. If it was ever going to take off, it would have done so already. But it hasn't, so it probably won't ever.
@_date: 2018-06-15 17:07:25
Yes but my point is no lenders will lend at negative rates because it will cost them money. If you assume that no one will borrow at a non-negative rate, then there is no credit market - no one can borrow BTC at all. So if you want to borrow money it has to be fiat which means repayments in fiat and so your income needs to be in fiat as well to ensure you can cover the repayments for the life of the loan.
@_date: 2018-06-17 08:33:39
From your linked article :


So yes, in answer to your question it is too high.


So by consuming electricity and coverting it to waste heat, crypto is "easing its distribution?", and that's a good thing? That doesn't mean anything. PoW-based crypto is many things, but it definitely is not good for the environment.
@_date: 2018-06-20 09:16:34
So... you charge -2% interest , but then add &gt; 2% on top as “fees”- that's what loan sharks do and it doesn't matter whether you call it "fees" or "charges" or "idiot tax" - economically it’s interest, so you no longer have a negative interest loan.
That's also not accounting for credit risk (risk of not being paid back). The economic reality is that no intelligent lender will lend for less than +X% (where X is based on risk).
Here’s some free advice: when you realize you are wrong, stop trying to dig yourself into a deeper hole.
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:32:40
We're talking about store of value here, not use as money, there's a big difference which a lot of people on this thread seem confused by. Diamonds make a good store of value but their lack of uniformity and divisibility means they are a poor choice as money. Gold hasn't been used as money for 100s of years, so by modern standards it's also a poor choice as money.
@_date: 2018-06-29 19:24:21


Didn't say that.
I can't easily buy anything with gold (or crypto), so it's not money. Gold is an asset. Virtually no one uses it as a general means of exchange or unit of account. Prior to 1971, USD was backed by gold, ie in principle redeemable for gold, but dollars were still the "money" as that's what was used to buy things and denominated assets and liabilities.
@_date: 2018-06-02 21:27:03
No, there is a sweetspot generally thought to be about 2-3% and above that it starts being damaging for the economy and in particular bad for low income families.
All of this stuff is basic economics.
@_date: 2018-06-04 07:25:08


Note that the "bad behaviour" that earned a $700M fine was not for deliberately participating in money laundering, but for not properly monitoring and reporting suspicious transactions. Which is exactly what BTC and other crypto are promising they will allow with impunity (private unmonitored transactions).
So its pretty hypocritical to try to take the moral high ground here.
I expect regulators to get tougher over time on anything involving crypto privacy and implicit support for money laundering.
@_date: 2018-06-08 16:44:14
There’s not need to do it with direct viewer-to-content provider payments. Just create a simple viewer/provider accounting system that counts views. You buy a certain number of views for $X, and the content creator gets paid monthly based on total views. I don’t get what’s the purpose of crypto in this arrangement.
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:15:33
P2P lending had been tried for many years with fiat, it doesn't work very well and only on a small scale because it's relatively illiquid compared with fractional reserve, simply not enough people willing to lend money this way. Certainly won't ever be enough to sustain a healthy economy. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 09:22:18
Money is not a social construct, it is a real tangible asset. You can't just change people's view of it with some kind of mass Jedi mind trick. 
The transitions from commodity to representative to fiat money didn't generally involve changes to the main unit of account (a dollar was still a dollar), just to way the currency is physically manifested and backed, pushed through by governments with legal frameworks to ensure all economic participants would adopt the new versions of currency simultaneously.
Without a massive driving force of change like that, everyone will act in their own interests. There is no advantage to switching to a different unit of account unless at least 50% of the rest of the population within that economy has already done the same.
The "network effect" doesn't apply to units of account, it's not like Facebook or Twitter where there is no major downside to signing up even though less than half your friends have done so. The idea of gradual step by step adoption within a working economy is just a myth perpetuated by bagholders with no basic grounding in economics.
The only kind of catalysing change I can imagine that would make it happen is a complete collapse of the economy, leading to hyperinflation &amp; total loss of confidence in the USD (or EUR, GBP etc). But that would mean you are betting on something that is both extremely unlikely and profoundly unpatriotic.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:07:27
The *cumulative* inflation over that period was 91&amp; Actual inflation per year peaked at about 14&amp; decreasing over the period and ended at about 3&amp;
At a total of 91&amp; inflation, that means it lost just under half its value in 10 years, not a factor of 10000 like u/Maesitos suggests.
That is *much* less volatile than BTC or any other crypto.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:22:00
Value = buying power.
The correct measure to use is inflation/deflation, not currency pairs. 
If 0.001 BTC could buy you 4 beers in December but can now only buy you 1, then its value has gone down. If you HODL forever, it has zero value.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:17:19
What do you think the chances are that more than 152 cryptocurrencies will collapse in value within the next 10 years? I'd say pretty good chances.
@_date: 2018-06-15 15:09:36


Can you give an example that would work in the real world that doesn't end up being a fiat loan in disguise?
Why would anyone lend BTC at a negative rate? It's not like a commercial bank account where (in certain cases) a bank can charge businesses a negative rate to store their money, because the whole point of crypto is you can be your own bank so you would be better off putting it in cold storage than paying someone to borrow it from you. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 10:58:36
Gold has held value for 1000s of years, which provides confidence that it will continue to do so for a long time in future. BTC's short and highly volatile history doesn't provide anywhere close to that type of confidence.
Gold also has real utility both as jewelry (which is how it originally acquired value) and as a raw material in electronic products (it has certain electrical and chemical qualities that make it ideal for connectors) so there will always be buyers even if its future value is expected to decrease.
There is also the advantage that it is impossible to invent a new stable element - the only precious metals are silver, gold and platinum and that cannot change because no other metals have their properties. This means the total amount of precious metals can only be increased by mining them, whereas anyone can invent or fork new cryptocurrencies. While BTC is limited to 21M, it's value has already been debased by other more functional cryptocurrencies that displace it's market share.
Finally there will always be the threat of a successful 51% attack on BTC. No such equivalent exists with gold or any other asset class.
@_date: 2018-06-15 17:26:09
But if they just hold the BTC instead of lending it, they make 3% (value growth) instead of 1%. So why would they lend it?
EDIT: going to make this really simple as I realise finance might not be your strong point. Alice has got 100 BTC. She can keep it in her wallet, or she can lend it to Bob who needs a 1 year loan, at minus 2% interest. If she lends it to Bob, he pays back the 100 BTC after a year, plus interest ( minus 2 BTC), equals 98 BTC. What do you think Alice should do?
@_date: 2018-06-14 07:38:38


This is an anarchocapitalist perspective, and the fact is that &gt; 95% of people are not anarchocapitalists. Most people want their government to protect and nurture the economy, not destroy it by eliminating the fractional reserve system that ensures people's ability to borrow money.
Also: money is not the same as wealth, that is a huge misunderstanding that a lot of non-wealthy people make (and is part of the reason they never become wealthy). Wealthy people don't accumulate huge piles of cash, because it is a poor store of value. Property, equities and bonds generate revenue and in the long term outperform any currency (deflationary or not).


I work in IT and I guarantee you that with the vast amounts of investment already poured into crypto, if a workable solution were feasible that made crypto as easy and safe as banking, it would have been invented by now.
Unfortunately it's probably impossible, because the "be your own bank" philosophy is incompatible with what most people actually want which is to not have to worry about safety and recoverability of private keys, protection from scammers and fraudsters, the financial risks of using an extremely volatile currency, availability of credit and many other things banks and FinTechs provide. Because of that smart contracts and clever algorithms will never replace the need for trusted financial institutions.


Ad hominem attacks don't really bother me, they just highlight that your argument doesn't stand up. But there is a saying in retail: "the customer is always right". Adoption depends on what people (the "customers") believe, their perspective, however narrow that is. The majority of the public sees crypto as high risk, volatile, and unsafe. They are right. But even if they were wrong, they would still be right, because without adoption, crypto is irrelevant.
@_date: 2018-06-15 14:30:08
You must be looking at a different chart from me. It might be down a little from 5 years ago, but it's been going back up again since 2014 and is still extremely high compared to almost any fiat currency, being driven entirely by speculative market forces.
@_date: 2019-02-05 04:28:21
Good luck with that. Thing is until a couple of years ago most people hadn't heard of Bitcoin/crypto. Now almost everyone in the world has. Most of them are looking at the charts and thinking "WTF? Why would I want me some of that?". That sort of volatility makes it useless both as a currency and an investment. That's aside from the scams and the lack of protection and user friendliness. The optics are abysmal. I don't see why any nocoiners would want to get into crypto right now. I'd say this industry needs to completely transform over the next 2-3 years max, or it is dead in the water.
@_date: 2019-02-04 20:46:08
Annualising : (1/0.005)^(1/317) = ~1.017
1.7% average inflation for over 300 years. Very  impressive! 
@_date: 2019-12-03 10:16:41
Ok millennial. Firstly, why would a lender write such a contract? If the contract means they are likely to be repaid back less in absolute terms, they would be better off HODLing than lending it out. Secondly you have an oracle problem - which authority provides trusted inflation data? There is no universal measure of it. If there is profit to be made by manipulating it, corruption becomes inevitable.
@_date: 2019-12-09 16:20:46
From next year in the UK there will be a new system called Confirmation of Payee that will prevent accidents by matching the payee and account holder names, if they don’t match it will warn the user when they try to set up the payment.
@_date: 2019-12-02 15:55:06
Deflation acts as an economic inhibitor and is particularly harmful for people in debt, which means it’s bad news for people on low incomes. Imagine borrowing a BTC to buy a car and then finding the real value of your debt is growing over time instead of shrinking.
@_date: 2019-12-09 16:18:27
They do have a basic checksum, but it’s only a MOD11 check which means the chances of hitting a live account with a random number could be as high as 1 in 11 (in practice much lower because most valid account numbers don’t map to an active open account).
Rather than have longer account numbers, the UK payments system is introducing “confirmation of payee” which involves matching the payee name with that of the account holder. If there is a partial (“fuzzy”) match it will send this back to confirm. This will help prevent both accidental wrong account payments and push payment fraud.
@_date: 2019-12-03 20:45:23


Right, so the loan is not just a loan, it’s now also combined with a futures contract against the retail price index. I understand your objective but it’s horribly complicated.




If there is deflation of more than 1% in your example over the loan term, the lender will lose relative to holding. Say I lend you 1 BTC, and BTC deflates 10% over the term (BTC is worth more, so prices in BTC drop by 10%). So you pay me back 0.9BTC , + 1% = 0.909 BTC at the end of the term. So I have lost 0.091 BTC. I would have been better off just hodling instead of lending you the money. In general the interest rate would have to more than cover expected deflation plus credit risk, admin and margin. 




But if not the government, then who? Who can we both trust? It’s rife for abuse, a lender could choose an index that works in their favour and pressure borrowers to accept it. The non-technically savvy/diligent could so easily get scammed into using a fake index that’s controlled by the fraudulent lender. The whole crypto thing is supposed to remove the need to trust anyone, but in most real use cases it introduces the need to trust different entities who are completely unregulated and that provide no protection at all.
@_date: 2019-01-07 13:31:01
It would be easy to detect very quickly if a mining pool is duplicating work, because the mining rate (frequency of successfully mined blocks) would underperform for the hardware's hash rate and current difficulty level. All three of these are well known metrics.
Another way to look at this is an analogy. Imagine  a collective of gold miners digging in an effectively infinite desert. It's effectively infinite because the number of variables in a block (selection of transactions, order of transactions, timestamp,  nonce, extra nonce etc) mean the global mining capacity can only explore an infinitesimal proportion of the solution space. The probability of any given square metre of desert containing a gold nugget is exactly the same no matter where you dig. So it doesn't really matter if your digging work allocation excludes certain strips of land, there is still far more than enough to ensure no two people dig up the same piece of land twice.
@_date: 2019-01-07 09:32:13
Sure cash is dead, but it's being replaced by electronic money, not crypto. 
I’d be interested to know how you and your colleagues handle the huge price volatility of crypto, assuming the rest of your income and liabilities is in fiat (regular) money. Also how you do due diligence on the relevant apps, online services, exchanges etc that make your bill splitting so easy. It seems that half of the posts on crypto forums here on Reddit are about people that got scammed, defrauded or otherwise locked out of their crypto accounts and will never get it back because there are no consumer protections.
For most people these two big issues (price volatility, lack of consumer protection) make crypto a total non starter. The crypto community responds saying these will be addressed through future innovation and adoption , but without understanding that these are not technology problems, they are economic and regulatory problems. The only way to solve them would be through government intervention, which is exactly what crypto was supposed to avoid.
@_date: 2019-01-06 20:34:35
Digital signatures have made this possible for years, without having to make contracts publically visible. There are still problems like how do you prove that a given real person owns a particular private key (and therefore was the person that signed a document), but crypto doesn't solve that either. 
So the reason people aren't bringing it up is because crypto doesn't add anything useful to this area that isn't already possible with existing tech. This pretty much goes for most areas that crypto is trying to take on.
@_date: 2019-01-05 00:08:13
This just sounds like a sour commentary on the inherent unfairness of capitalism.
Yes, QE invests in companies so they can employ more people, produce more good and services and generate higher profits. Yes this has a side effect of asset inflation. Yes this means the wealthy asset owners get richer, but this is only temporary - QE tapering and unwinding are having a reverse effect on asset prices. But there is also now lower unemployment and higher average wages for us workers. News flash: that's capitalism, if you don't like it, maybe move to a communist state? I hear Cuba has nice beaches.
@_date: 2019-01-04 14:36:33
And yet Eurozone  inflation (ie devaluation of the currency in real terms) was only about 0% to 2% over that period. So what is the actual problem with QE? I mean what is the real impact on actual people and businesses?
QE introduces liquidity and stimulates the economy. If a car engine is running low on oil, what do you? Stand round and say "no more engine oil! We don't want to devalue it!!!"? The financial crisis of 2008-9 is history, global economies are growing nicely. If fiat money had been replaced with crypto, we would still be in the shit and much worse.
@_date: 2019-01-02 14:24:58
It's based on the widely held fallacy that central banks print money in order to cause inflation to erode the real value of sovereign debt. In reality, QE (money printing) is used sparingly and primarily as an economic stimulus, because uncontrolled inflation is the enemy of a well functioning economy. Furthermore it would be counterproductive in the long term because if a government's creditors see inflation as a high risk, they will demand higher interest rates to compensate making it more expensive for the government to borrow in future. Controlled inflation (2-3%) is predictable and does very little harm to anyone. On the contrary it encourages spending and investment, by mildly penalising people who hoard cash.
@_date: 2019-01-04 15:51:21


Of course there will be wider variations for individual goods. 


With prices going up while wage inflation is close to zero, this implies productivity is decreasing which points to other problems in the economy.
Housing price increases in cities are driven almost entirely  by imbalances in demand and supply caused by inward population movement (partly immigration, but more to do with people moving from rural to urban areas). Housing supply growth is inherently limited, so increases in demand cause prices to increase dramatically to the point where no one can afford to pay any more. QE has virtually nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2018-07-04 08:30:44


Aside from the fact that the global banking system processes 1000s of times as many electronic transactions as BTC (not just Visa + MC, but also all inter account  transfers, as well as domestic and international transfers), this still doesn't compare like with like, not even close. 
Banks do a lot more than process transactions onto a ledger, that probably accounts for less than 10% of the compute activity within a typical bank.
BTC only offers a single "product" which is basically the equivalent of a stripped down current/checking account. Banks offer dozens of products through multiple channels, they evaluate credit, lend money, issue credit and debit cards, invest funds, handle security &amp; prevent fraud and other financial crime, deal with regulators, and dozens of other functions that most cryptoanarchists wouldnt even know existed and yet are 100% necessary to support a working economy.
@_date: 2018-07-04 07:14:56
Banks do a lot more than just process transactions onto a ledger, they manage physical cash ( which globally still accounts for more transactions than all electronic methods combined), invest capital, evaluate creditworthiness, lend money, provide multi channel access to banking products , validate identities, handle security and many other things that BTC doesn’t do all of which  are 100% necessary for a working economy.
At the very least you’d need to include the costs of running all the exchanges and other current and future ventures related to crypto that would be needed to achieve similar functionality.