@_author: databasecentral
@_date: 2014-09-12 11:54:21
They are showing quicker transactions and trusting more digitally. People have issues with security of things like Bitcoin because it is all "digital" to them. Apple is introducing something greater than Paypal to the equation and if they are successful, more people will start trusting holding money digitally instead of in your wallet. Also, places like Dell now accept bitcoin. If Apple ever took bitcoin, which could happen, then I believe that would be a huge convenience to people easily able to convert Bitcoin into Fiat and Fiat into Bitcoin and the ability to pay with ease through Bitcoin. Apple could very well be part of the future. They were able to get giants like McDonald's on board with Apple Pay, if Apple Pay took bitcoin, then I think they would be able to convince the giants to take bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-12 12:02:42
I think that could be a naive statement. People have trouble trusting Bitcoin because they criticize it as some "Drug Currency" which isn't true. But places like Dogecoin make national headlines for sending the Jamacian Bobsled team to Sochi. Dogecoin made headlines for getting the Dogecar. Is dogecoin far superior than bitcoin? Probably not. But the community is so strong that people may look at it and want to jump on the bandwagon. For Bitcoin if someone watches the local news, they hear that the "Celebrity Hacker" was asking for bitcoin as a prize. Then the news spins it and says how awful it is. I think if the community was nicer overall and not bashful of big companies, things could be better in the long run. Not now, probably not in a month, but who knows. Either way, eventually Bitcoin will be accepted practically anywhere.
@_date: 2014-09-12 10:01:57
Apple Pay is not digital currency. Why is bashing it? Apple clearly is looking to the future with paperless transactions, and who knows, maybe one day they may actually consider adding bitcoin or other digital currencies to Apple Pay. It never will happen though if the community criticizes everything they do.
@_date: 2015-01-09 16:10:13
You forgot the podium!