@_author: datavetaren
@_date: 2016-08-16 13:43:47
You cannot solely trust HSMs either, especially when they have to be online and there might be a way of leaking the key as they usually have a recover mode. Furthermore, you can always bribe someone on the inside. There's _always_ a way.
My objection is that it is _fundamentally_ wrong to base network security on _trust_. That's why we have bitcoin to begin with. Sidechains should not violate that fundamental truth.
@_date: 2016-08-16 07:20:54
I more or less agree with most of this except for the "federated 2-way peg." Actually, just the word "federated." The idea that a system can be deemed secure because a limited set of people holding private keys is giving me shills. It's just a matter of time before a disaster happens.
Instead I'd prefer the current miners as the protectors of the network. Instead include the hash of the header of a sidechain (e.g. in the coinbase script of bitcoin in the SegWit model) and keep the 10 minute PoW. This is basically a generalized soft fork to add 2-way pegged sidechains, but the sidechain could (as you say) have unlimited block size. This way, the "gold" on the motherchain is never compromised, but that "big blockers" can move funds to the sidechain (and back if wanted) should make most bitcoiners happy.
For this to work, at least 51% of the bitcoin hashing power has to accept the sidechain and follow the sidechain rules. But there's of course no mining required in the sidechain per se. The economic incentive is that the miner collect fees from the sidechain as well.
The number of changes to be made in wallet software to keep track of an additional sidechain that is otherwise compatible with regular bitcoin transactions, shouldn't be that complicated.
I think this is basically Adam Back's idea with "parallel chains."
EDIT: Grammar
@_date: 2016-08-25 08:40:05
* E.g. as long as 7 out of 10 nodes remain honest, the system will keep working.
The problem is that you can never know this. Honesty is not the issue here. This is because of impersonation. A hacker can steal the private keys (without anyone knowing) and can compromise an "honest" node without the operator knowing either. Therefore, there's a systemic risk that you can get 7 nodes out of 10 to become dishonest (once enough private keys have been acquired, that's when you strike.)
The general problem with PoS systems is that they are not resistant to data theft. And no computer system is secure against that. This is the reason why PoW is superior over any other system; there are no secrets to steal.
The question then becomes whether PoS or federated signatures are "good enough" for the type of application you're considering.
That's a very interesting question. And I think that the answer is simply if there's enough economic incentive to hack it, then it's just a question of when.
Ponder that trillion of dollars (of financial derivatives) flow through that system. I think Mr. Robot is just waiting to bring it down. With bitcoin I'm confident this scenario won't happen. If there was a way to destroy bitcoin, then it would already have happened. And when I mean destroy bitcoin, I mean taking down "the chain" so it no longer becomes possible to make bitcoin transactions.
If there's strong incentive to try to buy HW equipment to take "bitcoin down", then because of the public open market, anyone else can do so as well. What happens is that this kind of HW financial "warfare" only makes bitcoin and PoW stronger.
Good luck with your project.
@_date: 2016-08-10 13:04:00
Maybe they have a bigger office? :)
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:13:43
Mining is already super centralized, I never thought the debate was about trying to reduce centralization of miners. Today we have specialized companies doing mining. I don't see that changing anytime soon.
I thought the centralization debate was the ability to run full nodes. As an individual you can ignore the sidechain and just use the mainchain. (For example, if you're only interested in trading "digital gold".)
However, I'm actively opposed to the federated idea. Theft of private keys would make the entire sidechain go down the drain. That's just not acceptable.
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:35:23
I need to complement my comment.
First having private keys controlling a chain is _not_ the same thing as merged mining. I'm actively opposed to PoS as well, because it suffers from exactly the same issue, namely a theft of private keys can compromise the security of a chain. PoW doesn't have that problem because there's no "secret" to protect.
Nevertheless, when you said:
"hybrid merged-mining + federated signer approach" got me thinking. Perhaps we could _start_ with a federated signer approach _now_ and then migrate to a merged mining system (once SegWit active and we can do another soft fork.) Perhaps protection of the private keys _could_ be trusted _until_ the sidechain is softforked into the mainchain.
@_date: 2016-08-16 12:54:13
Some things are less inherently unsafe. Protecting private keys that have to be online is a recipe for disaster. I just won't work. It's only a question of WHEN the sidechain defaults.
@_date: 2016-08-16 12:33:35
I take that back. I see that you can use multi-sig tx and just use regular bitcoin transactions when funds need to be moved on the main chain. Still "federated chains" are inherently unsafe. Will never accept those.
@_date: 2016-08-16 11:42:30
Re: Single mining company: No, but I don't see that happening.


You can solve the block propagation problem. I'm not proposing that we should do this tomorrow.
EDIT: Yes, I've seen that paper by Peter Todd and it's impressive. I like Peter Todd. He's a very reasonable guy.
@_date: 2016-08-16 12:21:53
BTW, this is no different than the federated 2-way peg. Miners MUST follow the secondary chain and TRUST the federated signers, or otherwise locked funds (funds that are moved into the sidechain) could be moved on the bitcoin blockchain violating the sidechain contract. In terms of centralization, this is far worse than a soft fork with a merged mined 2-way pegged sidechain.
@_date: 2016-08-16 13:21:40
Doesn't have to be. You can silently steal private keys and once you've acquired the required majority you kill.
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:24:03
Correct. We're _almost_ on the same page. But a federated sidechain is an absolute "no no" to me at least. Theft of private keys can make the entire sidechain default which is completely unacceptable.
So yes, I side with the Blockstream people here. But I do think that there might be different opinions within Blockstream as well.
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:16:14
No, bitcoin of course. 2-way-pegged sidechain means that you collect fees from the sidechain and transfer those back to the mainchain (if you'd like.) Read up exactly on how 2-way-pegged sidechain works. Bitcoins on the mainchain are "locked"/"unlocked" as funds moves in/out.
@_date: 2016-08-16 12:40:49


Having Coinbase controlling is far safer than a federated chain, because theft of private keys won't compromise the entire chain. Coinbase has always the ability to "restart", "backup", or whatever. Like regular banks. But this won't be possible with a federated chain (unless you hard fork, but we've all seen what happens if you do that.)
(BTW, this is precisely the reason why any bankchain will fail, so that's why all this "private blockchain" crap will go down the drain...)


Yes, but that's why any change has to be safe. There are multiple solutions pending:
* Instant block propagation
* UTXO pruning (assembling all UTXOs older than a year into a single merkle tree, as Peter Todd suggested)
* SegWit (to solve malleability and opens up versioning and the possibility of more soft forks)
Once it is safe I'd like to see a 2-way pegged soft forked sidechain with unlimited size. If something goes wrong, then the sidechain is bust, but the mainchain is still ok.
Miners can choose whether they want to process sidechain transactions. When miners select transactions from the mempool, some may freely skip all sidechain funds moving in/out. As long as 51% of the hashing power is not directly _opposed_ to the sidechain protocol things will be fine.
@_date: 2016-08-25 12:48:52
Sorry, but hardware security modules cannot be trusted either. Either you bribe someone at the HW factory, or in case you use verifiable hardware (such as Trezor) then you rely on an external seed given from the outside, which again is a weakness. Sorry, but any secret can be hacked. That's a fact. There might be ways to mitigate this risk, but you cannot eliminate it. You simply don't have that problem with PoW. At the same time PoW for "private blockchain" is completely meaningless, because PoW can only be safe if you compete in an open market.
When you say that if existing centralized systems are "good enough," then so should a distributed ledger approach bringing them together. I think this is wrong as well. The legacy system of finance is that everybody controls their own ledger. If something goes wrong, the company/bank can always restore from a backup _they_ trust. This is no longer the case if you have a distributed ledger, so that's precisely the reason why the security and integrity of the network becomes more important. In some sense I think having a centralized clearing house is a safer option, because you then can point the finger on someone to blame when something goes wrong.
@_date: 2016-04-05 05:22:48
Apparently at least one person has been successful doing that.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:04:11
I don’t think this is necessarily true in general. For example, Microsoft had an enormous marketing budget struggling to promote MSN (Microsoft Network) as the preferred choice over Internet. Then they realized they’d not be able to compete with it.
@_date: 2015-06-17 11:52:21
Although it is possible, I don't think so. A cashless society is 10 years away (if ever.) At that point Bitcoin is already systemic and can't be "shut down" without a (Lehman Brothers)^100 effect.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:06:25
You're forgetting old people and they're important voters. That's why I think it is at least 10 years from now; if ever.
@_date: 2015-06-02 07:25:23
Just to let you know, this concept has been exercised before when P2SH was voted to be included (or not) by miners. So let's spreading this message and then pick a section of the blockchain that's a good representative (i.e. the number of messages / number of blocks ratio is acceptable for a large enough section from the blockchain.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:25:41
There's so many things that don't add up. My guess is that this cannot simply be true. It's not malleability who's responsible for emptying cold storage (because a very simple bookkeeping would issue red flags all over if cold storage was running low). I rather believe it is more likely that MtGox did fractional bitcoining. They used the excessive BTC from the customer claims, and hoping that new bitcoins will flow in from miners to cover the losses. If everything grows nobody will realize the pyramid scheme. But like Madoff when things start to go bad and customers start to withdraw their coins the scam will be impossible to hide and so everything collapses. This malleability issue could be responsible for some loss, but not the amount we're talking about here.
Lessons learned here is that other exchanges must be even more transparent on how their cold storage is managed. Ideally, I would like to have a blockchain.info solution where the coins are only accessible at the clients, but we need a hardware solution as well so no viruses/trojans can steal coins from customer computers.
This is a truly sad but the MtGox saga is not completely finished yet. Still the debris can be salvaged by high profile investors covering losses. Perhaps not all losses, but even a tiny amount would be helpful. In the long run the stakeholders could get a bigger portion as some of the income of the (new) exchange is reserved for those stakeholders. Nothing is impossible, but don't count on it.
I'm lucky that I removed all my coins from MtGox half a year ago into cold storage. I still lost 4500 EUR that I transferred to MtGox last week to buy "cheap coins", because it was unimaginable that everything was that bad, considering that Bitstamp was able to resolve the malleability issue so quickly. There were also signs that MtGox really did try to do something (NTXID), but it seems that everything was a facade to cover up the dark facts. At this point, my balance of 42.3 coins at MtGox is considered lost.
@_date: 2014-03-21 11:22:20
Could be this: "China's central bank reportedly has issued a document on March 18, April 15 asked to stop all Bitcoin transactions. So far the central bank noncommittal on the news. (Google translate)" But I'm unsure whether it is true or not. I could be FUD as there's also a DDoS in progress on reddit. Someone wants to create panic perhaps. Either way, who cares about China? BTC is useless there anyway.
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:58:58
The reason is that it takes 6 weeks to withdraw funds from MtGox. At that time you get the cash in your hand the USD price is $100 higher (on average).
@_date: 2014-01-13 22:37:54
This is old news and it is far from getting the intrinsic power of Bitcoin. Just read Jon Matonis piece here: 
In my view, any digital currency that is pegged to a fiat currency has to solve the double spending problem.
Because the digital currency is pegged to the existing currency it has to ensure that the digital currency is interchangable with the existing currency. Therefore, it has to deal with all the legacy of "old" money. I fail to see how you can solve the double spending problem using a blockchain approach, and if you're not using a blockchain approach you would have all the banks in the world agree on a common system. Do you honestly think that all the banks would come up with a common central system with an open API for money transfers? (This would be required as 3rd parties need to integrate whatever service they have.) Also, this system would directly compete with VISA/Mastercard, which banks already have a close relationship with.
I'm highly skeptical it would be possible to get this scale of agreement. Therefore, this seems like a dead end to me. MintChip is just another version of the "cash card" that failed so hard last time.
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:09:10
I agree. The most absurd thing I read recently was Russia's central bank saying that those businesses who chose to barter with bitcoin could be charged with supporting terrorism and money laundering. That would be equivalent to say that holding a physical note and use it, you would indirectly support money laundering and terrorism in case if that particular note you're holding had such a prior use. Given that notes circulate it would mean that we all are supporting terrorism, so we all should be jailed. Therefore, to get a big enough prison we put a fence around our government so they are in the free world and we are in the jailed world.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:21:42
This "bug" does not only apply to large transactions. I have tried to withdraw 2 BTC and it got stuck. This is the second attempt (first one got stuck in 8 days and then cancelled, another attempt is on the way, currently stuck as well)
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:01:10
The lessons learned is that you should always withdraw your BTC into the blockchain and keep your own wallet (cold storage preferable). If everybody did that, then this MtGox scam wouldn't have been possible. We need better software and perhaps hardware to get there. Hopefully things will progress from here.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:11:39
FACT: Source HTML code from 
	&lt;head&gt;
		&lt;title&gt;MtGox.com&lt;/title&gt;
	&lt;/head&gt;
	&lt;body&gt;
		&lt;!-- put announce for mtgox acq here --&gt;
	&lt;/body&gt;
If MtGox were solvent and everything was fine there would be absolutely no reason doing this. I believe that PDF is genuine.
@_date: 2014-01-15 13:22:26
Why should it crash? When Silk Road 1 was shut down it sky rocketed. This is just good news.
@_date: 2015-05-04 22:48:59
It works using some clever bitcoin scripting together with a shared secret between sender and receiver. If a payment channel goes down (the intermediate node relaying your transaction in the lightning.network) no one loses anything as there's always a way out: broadcast the latest balance to the bitcoin blockchain and have it cleared. This would be a relatively rare event, so most transactions would go off blockchain and through lightning.network. Note that payment channels can be setup in network, so you only need a path between sender and receiver in this network. Again, nodes don't have to be trusted. The double spending problem is solved by monitoring the blockchain. If any party settles the balance by broadcasting to the blockchain, then you'll need to be aware of that and discontinue the thread of transactions that takes place off chain in the payment channel.
To summarize: it's truly revolutionary and solves the scalability problem. This will make bitcoin manage VISA/MC/AMEX/SWIFT all at once. The only thing that needs to be fixed first is malleability that prevents these smart contracts from being safe.
You can read more at 
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:38:02
Short term yes, but it gives bitcoin blockchain good PR. You should never underestimate that. It seeds the thought "If you can do this with bitcoin blockchain, what else could be done?" It's all about changing the negative discourse. Once banks and institutions become more comfortable with it, they'll start using it for fast international debt settlements, which could have a more significant impact on price.
@_date: 2017-02-22 07:31:49
"Trusted third party..." Yes, precisely my point. You don't need the proofs then.
"If you trust Google, you don't need SSL" I don't see the comparison, sorry.
"It was solved 25 years ago..." I disagree. If the validator keys are leaked I can recreate the chain (very fast) with my spends removed. However, if you anchor it in the bitcoin blockchain, then it would be solved, but then you're using a blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-21 11:19:23
China's central bank reportedly has issued a document on March 18, April 15 asked to stop all Bitcoin transactions. So far the central bank noncommittal on the news. (Google translate)
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:14:44
I'm glad I got off MtGox and in blockchain around 6 months ago as well. 100+ coins that I certainly don't want to lose.
@_date: 2015-05-28 18:58:42
No, the whole point with lightning network is a clever way of doing off-chain transactions so that in the event if someone is trying to cheat, you can just broadcast the latest transaction to the blockchain and have the balance settled. Because of that "nuclear" option, everybody knows it will be meaningless to fool you, so everybody will play by the rules.
Still we need bigger blocks than 1 MB, because channel creation requires at least one bitcoin transaction. And if we want VISA style scaling, then ~100MB blocks would be ok, but 20MB is a good start.
@_date: 2017-02-22 06:31:25
But how do you solve the double spending problem then?
And if you don't care (i.e. using a trusted party,) then there's no need of constructing proofs in the first place.
Preventing faked history is the hard part. Signer private keys can be leaked. Saying "pluggable consensus" is kind of letting the reader solve Fermat's last theorem.
@_date: 2015-01-08 11:17:46
Just keep the thread. The title is neutral. I've added baron1703 comment to OP.
@_date: 2017-02-22 09:30:55


Not at all. But you can not solely rely on it. That's my point.












I don't see it being very practical. And again you're introducing trust again (which newspapers? which radio broadcasts? Is it a dynamic set of trusted sources? So we're basically back from where we started.) And I don't view bitcoin blockchain (proof-of-work) at all as less secure. Yes, reorganizations are possible, but if you wait a fair number of blocks it is highly unlikely that a reorganization will occur which includes the proof you're interested in. And this will be a much more secure source of immutability than anything else. Especially, if you need to timestamp things repeatedly and often enough; it'll be very difficult to do it in any other way without having to trust (hackable) sources again.
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:32:45
Ok, I hope you're right.
@_date: 2015-01-08 11:11:49
But still find it strange. That 1Jokt... address was being used for the first time at Dec 2nd. That's roughly one month before the alleged hack. 200k was transferred to that address at that time. That's a lot of coins. If 1JEC is a hot wallet address then that's a lot of coins in a hot wallet. (I'm speculating, because the reserves from May 24th is gradually chopped to this 1JEC... address.)
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:14:54
I would expect doing this after the hack was discovered (and they brought the site down)? To me it seems that these transfers occur during the hack?
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:49:46
It's baby steps for bitcoin to become systemic. Once bitcoin is systemic it will become the new SDR (special drawing rights). Then the price will be around $1,000,000 or more.
@_date: 2016-06-16 18:26:36
Sure. That's absolutely a valid point. I'm just saying that we need to keep an open mind.
@_date: 2016-06-16 17:43:32
Hi Eric,
Thanks for pitching in with your comments. This response is actually to all (negative) comments here.
First, I didn't submit this tweet to reddit, someone else did. And you shouldn't take everything too literally. I tend to have sarcastic humor in my tweets. Nevertheless, this is an attempt trying to enlighten the hard fork vs soft fork debate. As I'll have more space here to elaborate my view on this, I'll do so here.
First what I'm referring to in this tweet a the consensus rules. They are _not_ easy to change and contrary what many think it's not enough to get 95% (or even 100%) support from miners. Because, in order for a hard fork to be successful you also need support from exchanges, bitcoin wallet providers, users, etc.
It's important to understand that I'm on _both_ sides in this vivid "war" on bitcoin. I initially leaned towards the hard fork side (Gavin, Garzik, etc.) that it's better to do a hard fork before we get congestion in the transaction mempool. Otherwise, people will lose confidence in the bitcoin network. Then I followed some other threads from the Bitcoin core team side (Gregory Maxwell, Adam Back, Peter Todd, ...) and my conclusion is that _both_ sides have valid points. It's too simplistic to say that one side is right and the other side is wrong.
The proponents against a hard fork at all costs is that it will ultimately lead to two chains. Yes, one chain will be stalled (for considerable time depending on how much hash power it gets,) but sooner or later the difficulty level will drop and then we'll get two parallel chains. It could be the case that one chain will basically become obsolete that nobody cares about. But do we know that with certainty? We should't be entirely dismissive.
Now the SegWit approach has some misunderstandings as well. Because it truly solves one problem, i.e. transaction malleability. And yes, there have been other proposals, but they are not 100% solid, so it is a fact that SegWit is the only current solution that solves transaction malleability 100%. Therefore, I think it's right to move ahead with SegWit. The question then becomes, should it be a soft fork or hard fork? Yes, a hard fork would be a simpler solution, but a soft fork would maintain a "single chain." You could argue endlessly whether one or the other is the best approach, but retaining a single intact main chain has some advantages; it doesn't require everybody to upgrade at once.
Ultimately, we need consensus to move forward. And while some view this as a disadvantage with bitcoin, this is a huge advantage. Because if it was too easy to change bitcoin (consensus), then governments would have taken control long ago, and the 21M cap could have been depleted into a terrible fiat currency.
My ending comments is that we should keep calm. Eventually things will move in the right direction. CSV is about to be activated:
and this is really good news. It shows that (consensus) things can change while it gets enough support.
So if you are a hard fork proponent, what is the worst possible outcome? Well, my conclusion is that the 1 MB limit stays, we'll get two-pay pegged sidechains (thanks to SegWit tech) and on top of the 1 MB bitcoin main chain we'll get Gavin's (if enough support exists) unlimited bitcoin, that then can have Lightning Network built on top. And then everybody should be happy. Perhaps, that's not an ideal solution (because it will take longer time before we get there) but it's not that crappy either.
PS. I admire your article about separating the state and money. I'm 100% with you on that. Keynesianism has to die.
(EDIT: Spelling.)
@_date: 2016-06-16 18:45:44
:) "datavetaren" is Swedish and literally means "computer scientist." And yes I'm a computer scientist. My daily job is not bitcoin, but compiler technology. However, I've written my own SPV wallet (from scratch) in C++, so I claim I have _some_ knowledge on bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-10 11:52:45
Another approach, which is a totally ok solution, would be to have a sidechain with a bigger block size and then build LN on top of that. That way, we don't compromise the main chain. And the main chain could still run 1 MB blocks (or 1 MB blocks with SegWit.)
Then yet another approach is to use a two-way pegged parallel chain with bigger blocks, as suggested by Adam Back.
@_date: 2016-06-10 11:49:55
Yes, I know you don't have to, but there might be multiple reasons why you still want to. For example, you'd like to secure some wealth into cold storage from time to time.
@_date: 2016-12-20 09:55:27
That's the common view. But I disagree with it.
1) I do understand money perfectly well. And I also understand how the current system works. But I still think a non-fiat system where the government cannot control the money supply would be beneficial to society.
2) The fiat money world is a shadow tax system. It finances governments via inflation and sometimes this spins out of control like in Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Weimar Republic, Hungary, etc.
Having a currency that cannot be manipulated will prevent these types of events. That's also what Satoshi himself referred to when he released bitcoin to the public:
3) I'm not a libertarian, but I don't like this shadowing taxing system. It would be much more transparent if the government would raise the taxes needed to finance itself. The idea of inflation is not supposed to finance the government; it's supposed to keep price stability. The central bank is supposed to be independent of the government financing. And no, a fixed money supply will not cause spiral deflation. It will always hit equilibrium at some point.
4) When something really bad happens, like a financial shock and a bank goes bankrupt you can do two things:
 a) Make the bank face the consequences and let creditors and share holders take the proper risk.
 b) Let all tax payers share the risk.
The problem with b) is the moral hazard aspect. If banks always know they're being bailed out, then it means that society pays for all risks the bank is taking, but where the profits are privatized.
Although (b) would still be possible in a bitcoin only world, it would requiring asking the people first, unless the central bank has substantial bitcoin savings. But this is still better, because it is asking the people in a transparent manner on how big the reserve should be for banking rescue operations. That is, IF, we still have fractional reserve banking at all.
I understand how the private banking system works when banks expand their balance sheet to issue new credit. But it is important that banks also face the consequences when risk allocation is wrong.
Perhaps it would be harder to take a loan in such a world, but that would also mean the asset prices would be much lower, so perhaps taking such a big loan won't be needed when buying a house. Enforcing capital allocation to face proper market valued risk, is according to me, a much better system than having a centrally controlled Politburo trying to determine this risk for us.
So could such a society mean that we get "oligarchs" where most people eat dirt? I don't think so, because the government can still take in financing through taxing. And all the companies that are on nation land are still under government control. Yes, it could mean that you have a small number of people with huge savings, but eventually if all they do is to live on their savings (and never invest it) they will run out of capital.
And if they take risk (i.e. investing in companies), then that allocated capital would still be in governments control through taxes and surveillance. How big this apparatus should be is part of the people's decision of whether to belong to a socialist or capitalist system, or any superposition between the two. I think that is rather independent from bitcoin being the currency.
@_date: 2015-08-03 20:03:36
Andromeda (the galaxy) is ~2.5 million light years away.
@_date: 2015-08-11 07:50:44


They  do but you don't need that bandwidth at the point of origin. You assume that the miner needs a capacity of 15Mbit/s upstream, but that's not necessary. So the whole example with 8 * 8 * 7 / 30 seems wrong to me.
EDIT: I do agree though that there might be potential issues if not not all transactions show up at every node (e.g. the "mintxfeerelay" issue) but it still not necessary. Just increase the number of proxy nodes until you're confident enough. I guess this all amounts to how you view the problem; whether the glass is half full or half empty.
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:51:48
Anyone remembering this? 
@_date: 2015-08-11 07:24:57


Such as:
But the important thing is that it is solvable. It WILL get done. And the incentive of getting it done will increase if the blocksize increases.
The O(1) block propagation can be combined with the existing strategy, so it is not necessary to "wait" for a soft fork even. For example, if China has a bandwidth problem, then they could setup custom O(1) block propagation proxy nodes at several continents and use regular uploads from there.
EDIT: Using this proxy strategy decreases the necessity of having a single node to rebroadcast the same block from the same network multiple times and thus the required uplink bandwidth at point of origin becomes virtually zero.
@_date: 2015-08-11 09:50:25
If you don't claim that UTXO you'll have it recorded in the bitcoin blockchain forever :)
@_date: 2015-07-20 20:27:52
Yes, this seems like a good explanation. So it's not a balance sheet problem, but an ELA specific problem. Thanks for your clarification.
@_date: 2015-07-20 12:37:41
Because your debt to the bank is an asset on their balance sheet. If you pay with M0 (physical cash), then those become an asset for the bank so nothing happens. However, if you make an electronic payment (M1) then the assets of the bank decrease. The amount of credit a bank can issue is regulated by Basel II/III and if the assets shrink, the amount of allowed credit shrinks too. So debt repayment is bad for a bank, and everything that is bad for a bank needs to be stopped. That's why capital controls exist in the first place. If you don't like this system, then opt out with bitcoin, and promote bitcoin to everyone you know.
@_date: 2015-07-27 17:55:32
I think we need to reduce the block size to 640k.
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:21:00
Then why is a debt repayment not allowed for a Greek citizen unless it is in cash? I see it like this: a lending institution can lend approximately 9x its assets (I know that assets are graded into different classes, according to Basel II/III), but if I pay off my mortgage to that lending institution, then its collateral (e.g. my apartment) will be nullified as well, so their assets have to decrease and so does their balance sheet, which reduces their amount of credit. How can this not be true?
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:57:39
I normally never comment on these posts, but let's make an exception. Why did the price drop? Nobody knows for sure, so let's make some wild guesses:
1) Chinese who want to sell their bitcoin before it becomes worthless. Exchanges are closing soon. Better hurry up and ensure your savings.
2) Some negative insider information is floating around and those who have access to that information are shorting. Within 24h we'll know if that's true.
3) Speculation. Price has been sideways for a couple of hours. It could fall lower, better sell and buy in at a lower price point.
4) Nobody knows if miners in China are also going to be attacked. Better sell and wait.
5) November 2x hardfork is coming. Or is it? Will there be another split? Will the original chain survive or not? Better sell and stay out until it settles.
6) &lt;add your own&gt;
But as we all know. Unless you have access to direct insider information, trying to speculate to gain your bitcoin position is likely going to fail. HODL has proven to be a good strategy. So HODL.
@_date: 2017-10-03 12:28:21
I would argue that bitcoin is not deflationary; it's non-inflationary. Therefore, the "deflationary spiral of death" can never occur, because at some point things become cheap enough for people to buy and thus will bring the system into equilibrium (sooner or later.) Deflationary means that the money supply constantly shrinks. It could do so because of lost coins, etc. but I think it will stabilize at some point. Because of bitcoin's divisibility the liquidity to do trade is always there, so it always enables a market no matter what the general price level is.
Let's not forget that we've had a gold standard as an international clearing system for many years (before Nixon killed it in 1971.) The difference here though is that common people (involved in international trade) would make it more difficult for governments to "control" the economy. Whether this is a problem or not also depends on your personal preference.
Also when you read books from different authors (typically if they are on Austrian or Keynesian side) you will find different examples and counter-examples. I don't think anyone can prove or disprove that a fixed money supply at an international scale will work (or not.) Personally, I can't see any problems with that.
@_date: 2017-10-04 07:06:09
It's deflationary _if_ productivity goes up. If productivity goes down, then it's inflationary. But this is only true if the growth is _uncertain_. In case it's certain, the market would have priced everything in. In case bitcoin becomes the unit of account I see that the scenario would be equivalent everybody holding bitcoin as keeping their money in a world index fund.
Now if we _speculate_ (I don't believe this myself) that bitcoin as the unit of account would lead to a disastrous economy (= productivity ultimately going down), then we _must_ sooner or later reach an equilibrium. To me, it's just impossible to get that downward "death spiral" that never stabilizes.
Now if you compare this with today's fiat it's not that different actually. In a normal economy you have lenders and borrowers. Lenders never want to lose purchasing power, so the system is rigged to prevent exactly that. If there's inflation (prices go up) then the interest rates also go up (ultimately set by the central bank) to compensate for that purchasing power loss. So money is just a very complicated number game. If you would to replace all accounts with bitcoin, then you wouldn't have to do this complicated trickery, i.e. compensate lenders' purchasing power loss for inflation.
Note that all contracts are usually (re-)negotiated to compensate for inflation. You can do exactly the same thing for deflation as well. After all, what matters is the purchasing power, not the unit itself.
I think that fresheneesz is exactly right that it's the "uncertainty" that's the problem here. And measuring inflation is always an inexact science and actually a very political game (e.g. read the book GDP by Diane Coyle: 
I think the market would love a more predictable and stable system and eliminate as many uncertainties as possible, which includes the central bank itself and its monetary policy. Now that would ultimately mean that countries would lose their power of its domestic monetary policy, but if we're all ultimately engaged in international trade, then I think that's the most fair system that can be created.
@_date: 2017-10-04 10:18:51
IMO productivity is unrelated to currency (and this is the standard Austrian view.) If we innovate and come up with new ideas to become more productive (e.g. produce more cars with less resources,) then we'll get price deflation as the supply of the currency is fixed. But this is a non-issue in my opinion. The currency is just a medium of exchange and store of value. I don't believe that people would consume less because of retained purchasing power. In the fiat world this is done by making sure that people get their interest rates to compensate for loss of the purchasing power when they leave their money at the bank. So there's no difference. The only difference (as I see it) is that government will lose the control printing money to themselves (a.k.a. QE = issuing government bonds that the central bank can buy.)
"world index fund": If bitcoin becomes the unit of account, it would be the equivalent of having all your (non-invested) money in a world index fund. If productivity of the world goes up, then the fund goes up in value (== money strengthen its purchasing power.) If the productivity of the world goes down, then the fund goes down in value (== money reduces its purchasing power.) It's just a consequence of having bitcoin as the unit of account and as a single currency of the world.
Another way of looking at this would be the following: Imagine that all prices, and all contracts, are denominated as percentages of world GDP. Then the money supply becomes irrelevant. Now this is analogous on what would happen if we had a single fixed supply currency such as bitcoin.


I would say you can't. It's impossible to predict the growth of the future as the world is not deterministic. For example, an asteroid may hit the earth causing devastating damages (to the economy) and then the world productivity would go down (and consequently we'll get inflation if bitcoin is the unit of account.) Now this is exactly the feedback mechanism we should have in the first place. I fail to see how this can be bad.
@_date: 2017-10-30 15:44:12
-"I want to short the central banks."
-"But, with what instrument!?"
-"We're going to make one. And then we'll buy it!" (bitcoin)
@_date: 2015-10-13 09:43:05
I have some questions:
* How does the round robin work? How does an exchange prove its identity? Sign something using a secret private key? Hard coded list with IP addresses?
* If something is signed using a secret private key. What happens if these keys are stolen (without revealing that theft?) Once you have majority (&gt; 51% of stolen keys), then the entire sidechain collapses?
I'm just wondering.
@_date: 2015-10-13 12:22:15
I can see that if you combine it with some sort of capital controls, then it might balance the risks involved. Yet I find it somewhat problematic. It would be much better to use the lightning network to settle coins between exchanges.
@_date: 2016-05-05 15:17:06
He can't. He lost all his 15 coins at MtGox. Remember? :)
@_date: 2015-10-30 10:14:31
It should be renamed to "The bankster prize," because the prize is given by Swedish banks and has nothing to do with Nobel. I also recently tweeted that:
"No,I don't want to see Satoshi Nakamoto to get the Nobel Prize in Economics.Why should we associate him/her with a bunch of losers? 
@_date: 2015-10-13 11:35:20
That sounds really scary, because you simply don't know if the keys have been stolen as the hacker stays under the radar until a majority of stolen keys has been acquired. At that time the hacker simply kills the sidechain and takes all the exchanges with it.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:18:53
The "Nobel Prize in Economics" is not a Nobel Prize. It's already a scam. So it makes perfect sense to nominate Mr Wright for this Prize.
@_date: 2016-07-26 14:56:17
Of course this is relevant. If bitcoin hard forks, we need to understand the consequences of that outcome. If there's not enough support it may lead to multiple bitcoin where users/community can be confused on which coin to buy.
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:24:24
This is just garbage. There's no way JP Morgon can do anything useful with that patent. The original patent is from 1999 and has no bearing on Bitcoin whatsoever. The modification of the patent, if applicable to Bitcoin, has to pass the concept of prior art, so there's no chance in hell that it can be used on Bitcoin. The Bitcoin paper was published 2009 as well as running the Bitcoin network for several years, so if the modified patent tries to do anything with Bitcoin it would be prior art.
JPM could however try to come up with a competing payment network (which is how I read the patent application), but it would be extremely hard for them to come up with anything that could mimic Bitcoins decentralized trust model.
Therefore, this is just smoke and mirrors. Just ignore this parent crap. Don't worry, Bitcoin will take over the world.
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:34:27
This JPM patent stuff is just crap. There's no chance in hell that they can use it against Bitcoin. The original patent is from 1999 and has no bearing on Bitcoin whatsoever. The modified patent needs to pass prior art, and can thus never attack Bitcoin, because the paper was published in 2009 and the network has been running since.
Instead I read the patent application as an attempt to come up with something that compete with Bitcoin, but it's going to be very difficult to compete with something that is based on a completely decentralized  trust model. Think of MSN and Internet. There was a time when Microsoft invested in trying to create their own "Internet", which miserably failed.
Therefore, nothing to worry about. JPM patent is smoke and mirrors. Bitcoin will take over the world. Just be patient. Swiss parliament will lead the way.
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:42:38
138 coins is big volume? Even I have more coins than that :)