@_author: datwoet
@_date: 2014-11-14 13:11:10
Federal Reserve economists found:
    ... the only episode in which we find evidence of a link between deflation and depression is the Great Depression (1929-34). We find virtually no evidence of such a link in any other period. ... What is striking is that nearly 90% of the episodes with deflation did not have depression. In a broad historical context, beyond the Great Depression, the notion that deflation and depression are linked virtually disappears.[3] 
 
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:09:10
Bitcoin works as two things right now. A longterm store of value and for very quick transfer of value. 
The volatility makes it not work for medium term store of value.
And this is "Actually good news™". 
It means a majority of the people who invest do so for the longterm.
Remember also that most people who buy do so to hold and wait for a higher price.
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:03:11
Monetary inflation that is. 
Inflation however is often measured as the value of the currency which is not only based on how much of the currency there is but also how much demand of the currency there is. 2% more money printed than demand, means that the currency have 2% inflation. Dogecoin can have a higher inflation even though less is created than the amount of Bitcoins. 
You can even have hyperinflation even though there is no more of a currency being printed, if people still leave the currency, so demand decreases.
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:02:48
The 24hour volume of traded Btc is 89206 ($28.19M). Some of that volume could be faked but the 24 volume of created Btc is "only" 3600.
The amount of new coins created is not the explanation. Though it will ofcourse have impact when it halves.
@_date: 2015-08-01 09:02:54
The new CEO of Bitcoin should contact the CEO of Japan to clear out the miss understanding.
@_date: 2015-08-01 08:46:27
You should not give that much away, by doing so you are signaling that it´s not worth anything and he will sell it as soon as it doubles in value. Most people don´t get it. 
They don't really know what money is, because they don´t know how it´s made. They don't know why it has a value, so when someone comes with a new form of money they think, why? This money I have right now works just great. Why should I use some other kind of money? 
Just give up and don't push it on them. One day 10-20 years from now they will beat themselves for not taking it, and realize you where really a great friend.
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:13:27
It does not matter what you call it. 
What matters is what actions the user if forced to take and what they call it. 
In this case the action of forcing the user to first input required data is identical to actions of a registration. 
Though its not that bad as users are used to doing so when registering to FB, Gmail etc the only critical thing is requering a btc adress.
However you want to warn people that they are not anonymous. 
Otherwise this will be used a lot for illegal items and even if not, thats how media will put it and when they do write articles about the new black market OB, average people will avoid it.
"Some will be selling NSFW items"
Do not display NSFW by default, maybe even make it hard to find like a setting in the config file.
Also you have a big background image for each store. However the background image is not important, the items for sale are. Do you see a big background image above all products when you go to Amazon or Ebay? Only if its used as a carousel for the items the sold.
The keyword will be abused. 
In order for people to not abuse it, make categories for items than lists of keywords that the user can select from for each category.
Its also a good way of making it harder for people from abusing this to sell illegal items. 
And you should have this text that you wrote, displayed before you can login.
"Although transactions are p2p and can be pseudonymous, both IP addresses and transactions are public and unencrypted. OpenBazaar is private, but very far from anonymous. It should not be recommended to anyone selling items restricted by their local laws."
