@_author: daveygee16
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:01:50
It also has a huge incidence on the taxation scheme. It means that if you buy a coffee for worth 2$ and (for simplification in this example a bitcoin is worth a buck, I know they are valued at more than that ATM) you pay in bitcoin, the financial mechanism that is recognized by the IRS is that the 2 bit coins are sold, meaning the consumer is taxed for the gain in value oft he coins while he's had them in his possession and the new owner, the coffee shop, gets taxed for receiving the bitcoins. Then, both of them, will have to pay tax for holding bitcoin at the end of the year... The problem isn't just taxes, it also means that businesses that want to operate in bitcoin will have to have a lot of information stored if they want to operate within the law, same for consumers. It's a huge deal because it takes away two of bitcoins main draws, anonymity (if you aren't interested in cheating the tax man) and ease of use.
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:53:42
Just like the old gypsy woman said...
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:20:27


Uhh... Unless banks have printing presses, no its not... Lending institutions aren't given new money by the state when they ask for it. What prevent's bank run's are federally insured deposits in exchange for mandated minimum reserves. 
FRB only ceases to exist if people stop using loans, which they can't for large purchases, if Bitcoin were to become a large currency, it would lead to the same system but without deposit insurance. Bitcoin is more vulnerable to bank runs than regular currency.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:58:31
Indeed, but then, if accounting and anonymity aren't a draw anymore, why bother with bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:17:05
Of course, that doesn't mean if you can get your hands on some coins it isn't a good thing for you, I'm still going to trade and use them. But, I've never bought any and I never would...
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:15:24
No, I'm saying bitcoin is inherently flawed because it cannot sustain loans unless it builds the exact same infrastructure as fiat currency and that the assumption of many bitcoiners that it can replace currency is ludicrous without it.
And if the infrastructure has to be rebuilt anyways, I really don't see the use in bitcoin other than short term profits.
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:26:10
Full reserve.. Full bank reserves...? It would be impossible then, yeah.
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:52:07


That isn't a good thing. The Bitcoin community is incredibly stupid when it says bitcoin attacks fractional reserve banking. If bitcoin came to surpass regular currency, there would still be FRB, it would simply be in bitcoin.
Its not like cryptocurrency can stop people from wanting a home or car loan, which is the vast majority of where loaned money has gone in the West in the last century.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:47:51
Read the entire thread, the reverse logic from people obviously holding a lot of bitcoins is hilarious.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:45:56
I'm sorry man, but that's dumb. 
Who would want to use a currency that is wildly unstable?
Historically, when this has been a fact, Weimar Germany, Zimbabwe etc... The answer becomes "Nobody".
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:35:39


I really don't think you do understand what risk shifting is if you think its swallowed by fees. In fact, I don't think you really know what risk and volatility mean at this point.
BitPay and CoinBase don't dissipate the risk, they AMPLIFY IT, now, I don't know how those two take their fees but you just said that they take them from a price differential for exchange.
So, why is it amplified? Because their core business is still to exchange bitcoin as a speculative asset. They make the assumption that it will go up, meaning that they are willing to take their cut in bitcoin. 
What happens to them and their capacity to exchange if bitcoin undergoes a few days of downspiral OR a run on the exchanges? You just compounded the problem by mentioning earlier in your post that they somehow don't keep money in their coffers? 
Dude, this isn't a "bank" pretending to not be a "bank". Its a leveraged exchange with no guarantors. 
The entire thing is built on the false assumption that there is no need for central banking in the maintenance of an exchange medium.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:26:31
You may certainly be right... There could be an ideological divide, bit coins do not conform to the models we use today. What I'm trying to get across, and I cannot stress this enough, there is a reason we don't use those models.
The closest model to bitcoins is wild capitalism. It's inherently unstable and depends on booms and busts as interest in the tradeable good waxes and wanes. You seem like a fairly knowledgeable individual, so I assume you know the story around Dutch tulip bulbs. Just take a look at trading curbs for the historical tulip bubble and overlay the course over the tradeable value of bitcoin. What you'll find is startling. I may be entirely wrong, as you said  in your last message, maybe events on the ground will validate your point of view, but, I won't invest or trade until the reality on the ground proves me wrong.
I have a question though, have you considered what will happen to bitcoin if I am proved wrong? If I am, people like me won't leave it at that, we will join into the world of bitcoin, and start its move towards a view of economics and more importantly, finance, with which we are more comfortable with. This I am really interested in knowing, is it a concern of the community?
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:56:11
Weimar Germany, which suffered from the mightiest inflation the world has ever known, was a democracy.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:03:41


Right, because stable currencies, you know, like, all of the western world, has governments that are always teetering on the edge of destruction. 


Dude, do you even realize how stupid that is? It's RISK SHIFTING. The risk associated with volatility doesn't magically disappear. Its shifted to bitpay and coinbase. AND since they don't have any big bad government or big bad central bank backing them up, THEY AREN'T REQUIRED TO BE INSURED.
You can point to those "mechanisms" all you want but all you are doing is shifting the risk to another company. If they go under, you aren't safe at all and since the market is so volatile, its far from a non-issue.
Bitcoin has far more armchair economists than I associated with it and its a piece of crap because it drives people that could make real money in the standard market to a gimmick.