@_author: davidpendu
@_date: 2012-08-11 22:43:05
Interesting!  That's certainly what a bitcoin-friendly crowdfunding infrastructure might look like, huh.  If I'm reading it right, the guarantees seem very weak-- just because members have pledged to buy all the shares doesn't mean the project will actually see any money; but with the short payment deadlines, that just means that some percentage of "fully funded" projects will die right after being greenlighted.  In the other direction, it doesn't look like funders are guaranteed to get *anything* except the satisfaction of believing their money went to a good cause, and in particular they're just out of pocket if enough other funders don't pay at the greenlight and the project dies.
So... it seems a bit higher-risk than what I've come to think of as "crowdfunding," where the infrastructure prevents any money from moving at all unless the funding goal is definitively met.  But it's a barebones approach that surely ought to work for some things.
I wonder if it will run into the regulatory hurdles Amazon alluded to.
@_date: 2012-08-10 19:33:15
They're doing crowd-funding.  Bitcoin is a lousy choice for crowd-funding; it is pretty much the opposite of useful there.  Credit cards have a well-developed existing infrastructure for separating proof-of-ability-to-pay and proof-of-authorization-of-payment from actual delivery of payment, and for reversing payments after the fact based on set criteria.  There's no logical reason why you couldn't in principle set up some fancy escrow arrangement to recreate all of that infrastructure using bitcoin as the base payment system... but it would be an awful lot of extra work.
Of course, if you want to do that work yourself, nobody's stopping you!  But the lack of it having been done already probably makes bitcoin a poor choice for them.
If, as today's blog seems to indicate (  ), what tripped up Amazon was extra "Know Your Customer"-style regulatory hurdles imposed specifically on crowdfunding, then recreating a pledge system using bitcoin would be *even more* extra work.