@_author: davidklemke
@_date: 2012-12-06 07:13:11
Moron? Attention Whore? Somebody has their keyboard warrior pants on today.
Did you actually read my post and the comments that followed it? I make a pretty clear case for my argument and the fact is that originally, during the inflation periods, BitCoin was being used as a Ponzi/Pyramid scheme by speculators who pumped value up and then proceeded to cash out. It's not being utilized in that way now however, something which I've gone over in detail in the many follow up posts since then.
Feel free to keep the hate up though.
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:40:10
I'll agree on that and I'd certainly love to get my hands on the trading data from that time period to see if there were large transactions to particular accounts. That'd settle it one way or the other.
@_date: 2012-12-11 10:49:28
I don't see those sentences as being mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2012-12-11 11:22:10
International Reply Coupons were never intended to be the foundation of the original Ponzi scheme either, but they were. The intent doesn't have to come from the creators (I could construe that the early adopter bias is evidence that it was, but that's not my point here) and I believe that whilst its appropriate to call it a speculative bubble it was hard to deny the Ponzi like nature of BitCoin at the time I wrote the article.
Fundamentally it's not, I acknowledge that, but when I wrote that it sure looked like one.
@_date: 2012-12-11 21:18:09
No, but it was obvious that there was some manipulation going on. Prices don't rocket up like that without some motivated individuals working to inflate the price. This doesn't require people to be mislead through the media however, more it was the fact that BitCoin was getting a lot more attention enabling people to inflate the prices beyond their real value.
@_date: 2012-12-06 10:51:43
Most modern currencies have a backer in the form of a government who will redeem said currency for the payment of services. They're not intrinsically dependent on new money entering the system in order to keep them afloat. Pyramid schemes on the other hand require frequent injections of additional currency in order to function and they only benefit people at the top.
When I wrote the first post there was a distinct wealth gap that existed between early adopters and those joining in the system. Essentially the only way that their BitCoins would ever get some kind of real world value would be if others injected money into the system (I.E. people were willing to exchange real dollars for pure digital currency). This was fueled by the speculative bubble which forced the BitCoin rates to unsustainable highs which then plummeted back down. This is characteristic of someone utilizing it in the form of a pyramid scheme, essentially building hype, waiting for the price to reach a certain point then cashing it out.
Thanks to the large influx of cash into the BitCoin economy since then it's far more resilient to these kinds of manipulations and I'm much more keen on the whole BitCoin idea. There's still the opportunity for it to be manipulated, indeed any hedge fund could do it with fractions of a percent of their total holdings, but it's well out of reach of the speculators who caused the last bubble which alleviates many of the issues I talked about.
@_date: 2012-12-11 05:07:47
The majority of real world currencies don't experience the kind of wild fluctuations that BitCoin is/was known for, even when they're first adopted. Primarily this is because they have some form of backing, either in the form of a commodity or a promise from a governmental entity, and it's highly detrimental for a currency to act in the way BitCoin did. You seem to be alluding to the idea that all new currencies will follow the hype cycle when there's really no evidence of that. Following that idea the Euro would've shown characteristics of this but it didn't.
There's certainly a case to be made that some technological innovations are well disguised pyramid schemes done to make a few rich off the work of others (user generated content sites being chief among them) but that doesn't necessarily mean they all are.
It's probably worth noting here that I don't believe that BitCoins were intended to be a pyramid scheme, they were just functioning like one for a brief period of time. Now that the speculative bubble is gone, the exchange rate stabilized and the value of BitCoin ecosystem increased significantly it's functioning a lot more like its intended purpose: a vehicle for the transfer of wealth. At the start of last year it was much more apt to call it a speculative investment, especially considering how everyone was treating it back then.
@_date: 2012-12-06 10:31:08
I'm not "hiding" anything in the comments and they provide some pretty good clarification as to what my argument was all about. There's no real sense in updating the post since I'd be just repeating what I said in the comments and not taking the additional 5 minutes to scroll from them is being spectacularly lazy.
When I wrote the post I was skeptical due to the large concentration of wealth that the early adopters had. That's still something of an issue, although less so now, but since we're seeing the BitCoin system is now functioning a lot more like a currency vehicle rather than a speculative investment. This was the issue I had at the time and I'm glad to say it doesn't operate in that fashion anymore.
I'm not trying to whore my site out when I say "read my other posts", just trying to show you that my opinion has changed significantly since writing that initial article. If you don't want to read them fair cop, but tone down the vitriol and I think you'll find I'm pretty open to healthy debate.
@_date: 2012-12-11 05:18:39
I wasn't implying that there was any specific media out there trying to inflate BitCoin's price for their own ends, more that we saw an incredible amount of media attention at the beginning of last year that generated a lot of interest in BitCoin. Looking at the exchange rates from around that time it's quite obvious that either A) speculative investors noticed the uptick and decided to begin investing or B) the price soared to unsustainable highs from people wanting to get in on the action early in order to make a profit (as BitCoins were being lauded as a great investment).
I'm sceptical of the latter option simply because, at the time, the amount of value contained in the BitCoin economy was so low that market manipulation wasn't out of reach of your typical speculative investors. It's entirely possible that this wasn't the case, I admit that, but the spike and downfall are so similar to your typical pump 'n' dump stock schemes that I get the feeling there were rational actors behind it.
Indeed the volatility is something I've noted several times since then and it's the major problem I have with BitCoin as a currency. It's a lot better than it used to be, thanks to the higher amount of investment in the ecosystem, but it's still orders of magnitude above its real world counterparts.
Without a central backing commodity or agency the real value of a BitCoin should be representative of the total wealth contained within the ecosystem. The speculative bubble of last year showed that people were highly over-valuing BitCoin, treating it as an investment rather than a wealth transfer vehicle. This is not to say that you can't invest in BitCoins or make money off them purely because they're a currency (as FOREX traders will attest) just that if BitCoin is going to be a reliable currency we need the majority of people to be using it as such rather than buying, holding and waiting for its value to go up.
@_date: 2013-02-17 21:22:58
That is indeed me as it seems that my Gravatar was the first image on there since I was the first to comment on the article.
Have you read what I've wrote by chance? People seem to get awfully hung up on post titles here and don't seem to read everything before making a judgement call.