@_author: davidseamans
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:07:59
You're one of the people who was supportive of crowdfunding VertPay, a vaporware scam project, right?
When the community and some of the mods began to turn on VertPay and its massive funding requirement (200,000 VTC wasn't it? HA!), a bunch of alias accounts created by the same guy flooded the sub with so much negativity that many users, self included just kind of lost interest in spending time there and interacting with your coin's community in any way.
And when you get a coin no one wants to interact with because the community is so venomous, the value predictably drops.
@_date: 2014-10-05 16:35:21
What altcoin of the month club? This is why I canceled my Twitter account yesterday, and spend so much less time reading Reddit.
It's all so much bullshit. If I had unlimited time to counter every ridiculous thing someone said about me, or about how the world works, I gladly would because truth benefits us all. But I'm just busy and this silliness makes no difference. People are paying less attention, because they get it's all bs nowadays - trolls arguing with trolls, the people have headed for the exits. We're outside, just living our lives.
But back to point at hand: what motherfucking *altcoin of the month* club?
Because sometimes I talk about altcoins. I discuss them in my newsletter, on my podcast, and when I meet people and they ask me about them.
But there is no monthly club mate. You'd do well to check your facts. I've been pretty involved with helping Hyper with their business development and helping them get some relationships here in LA because I like the algorithm/coin schedule a lot, and I see opportunity in the world of in-game currency. Specifically, I like how Hyper is taking a many games approach to this, getting in with various game devs and incentivizing them with bounties.
Earlier this year, I've liked some of what other alts have attempted but have drifted away from those communities and don't spend much time thinking or talking about them - some simply had inferior coin algos compared to what's out there with Hyper and a couple others. And some just lost my interest. This is a hobby, when it becomes fatiguing, it's no longer hobby. See, like having to post this to counteract something that's just not true- that's not fun. Reading reddit's not fun, because it's just made up shit about me and people I know personally. My whole approach to "celebrity journalism" has changed now that I'm friends with some of these people. It just sucks. Saying things about someone you know aren't true, or that you have no basis for saying, it's just not very evolved stuff.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:18:55
The problem is this price drop. You all shouldn't have let it go below $300, it's outrageous none of the big boys - the Coinbase guys, A16Z, etc - don't see this.
I wrote about it earlier today here-
Just as you had everything going for you, the price craters and now the media and governments will use this against Bitcoin forever. And regulators will use it as an example of why "Bitcoin can't be trusted."
For as much time as people spend saying price doesn't matter, it matters. It is a value transfer engine, and without a certain value, it is no longer as trustworthy. And when that value plummets for no apparent reason and in clear contradiction of what appear to be very positive developments (Gates, PayPal, etc), it makes Bitcoin's critics appear more legitimate.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:44:25
Thanks man. I also think it's silly how people are saying we're way up from $1. Most of us didn't get in at $1. We all know that. Acknowledging the price is horrible right now would be more honest than this ignoring the elephant in the room. 
I got into Bitcoin because I believe in it and I can see the old systems are causing harm to our way of life and our planet. Getting into Bitcoin has been an expensive decision, though, and I think for many people this just doesn't make sense. Bill Gates comes to our side and the price craters... not really a trustworthy system if an anonymous "whale" can ruin the party for *everyone*. That's not much better than the current centralized systems. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:30:50
Good reason to stay far away from Monero, then.
You're right, Hyper has turned to shit. Only up 760% since I began helping them out. Their devs can attest to this.
And I'm just laughing here, actually loling, that you reply to my suggestion Vertcoin was less than friendly with this kind of a comment. Good luck with everything. 