@_author: davidsuggitt
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:38:10
Depression. Oh... I know it well. It sure is hard being an entrepreneur... 18 years of it here. My first bout with depression was after being robbed at gunpoint in 1994 when I was working night audit at a hotel and putting myself through engineering school. The first thing doctors do is give you a label [PTSD] and medicate you. The next thing they do is give you other medication to deal with the side effects of the first medication. Then they try psychotherapy and other bullshit treatments that don't really work, or take years or actually make you feel worse. It's medical hacking, and you're the guinea pig. You eventually start reaching for weird shit like acupuncture and meditation and drum lessons and all sorts of other alternative stuff that actually works a whole lot better than the drugs, but not consistently.
Puzzled, I did a bunch of my own research. Eventually I found a book with some very well designed cognitive processes that I applied diligently and got really good and consistent results with. And by results, I mean my mood improved. My good mood could be sustained as long as I kept up with the processes, and the effects appeared to be cumulative.
The book clearly presents a scale of emotion and then matches cognitive processes to emotional states but lacks a quick cross-reference, so it was clumsy and I would forget to use it. After a year of using it off and on I knew I wanted an app to help me to more easily use the processes, check in with my emotions, log them, and graph them. Being an android user, I sketched a design for an android app. I had no idea when or where the resources or the time or the talent would show up so that it could be developed. I just wanted it to be real, so I made it as real as I could... on paper. I've done UI design before and so I kinda knew what I was doing.
Six months later, my buddy Eric was looking for a new direction in software development. I suggested app development and he agreed so we spent the next two months working at my apartment. When we finished, Eric scored an app development contract and well, I stared using the app. I needed it more than ever as my Mom died a few months later.
The app, book, and processes helped me through the dark months following my Mom's passing. I was pretty f'd up and I know I wouldn't have been able to cope without the processes and the app to remind me to apply them. But as if one parent wasn't enough, my Dad was diagnosed 6 months later with terminal cancer and a year to live. So I dropped everything and moved from Vancouver to Calgary to be with him during his final year. My Dad passed away in September of this year (2014), and I got to be with him at the moment of death as I was with my Mom when she died. Heavy shit.... no two ways about it. I made a tribute about him. 
Despite using the app and book and processes every day for the past two and half years, plans for its release were never realized until a couple months ago. Adjustment to life without my parents has been so much easier with these processes and the app and so it became clear to me that since it had helped me so much through these incredibly difficult times that I had give it away so others could use it. We had originally included the text of the book, but had to strip that out because it wasn't our copyright and the author doesn't seem interested in collaborating. The app and the book are, hence, companions, and you need to have a copy of the book for the app to make the most sense, but it's also interesting on its own.
We needed a name, so we called it GetAppy (sounds like Get Happy).  Sorry, no iOS version.
 (free, no ads, no evil)
Message me if you like it and it helps.  I'd be happy to hear from anyone it benefits.
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:32:37
even more reason to compile your own update