@_author: davidhumeonphenibut
@_date: 2018-01-29 19:56:09
Sorry for the late response, but I think there's one, if not two, fees you didn't addressed in this scenario. If I were to post the add and we completed the trade, that would cost me a [1%  fee]( (0.01 in this case) which is part of the deal that this seller is offering me, as it is an special price he would be paying because it would be a sell of exactly 1 BTC (so he told me last week), and not the price he has advertized.
Now, other than that, what I wasn't able to find a clear answer to is whether the escrow fee is the same thing, or if it is another extra 1% fee, because as I pointed out that's the other condition he establishes, that we use the escrow to freeze the price and show him I do own the Bitcoins and am willing to sell them (as I don't have a reputation in LocalBitcoins).
As for your advises, I thank you, but it is not my first time selling, just first time using a paper wallet and also LocalBitcoins; the seller has an pristine reputation and I have even access to his social accounts where one can see he's a very respected person in the local cryptocurrency community. Also, in this country there's not such thing as MSB licenses, KYC laws or anything alike, not even one single law regarding cryptcurrencies.
Anyhow, would you happen to know if the escrow will cost me another 1%?, or will it only be the add 1% that I should take into consideration?
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:00:12
Yeah, in that scenario that would be what we would do. I would have to wait for him to sweep up the full balance and then to his personal wallet. 
The problem with that is that he wants to use escrow before meeting.
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:34:52
Ok, thanks. 
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:09:35
If we used [Escrow My Bits]( or [Bitrated]( it would only take 1 fee, though, right?, because unlike LocalBitcoins we can use any wallet with those escrow services.
And not only that, but it would be just a sending fee, nothing that would amount to much really (once again, unlike [LocalBitcoins with their 1%]( so maybe I could convince him to sell me just a couple bucks off of 1 BTC, instead of bothering to add like 0.02 to cover what would lack.
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:06:26
If the payment method would have being face-to-face the only reason for me wanting an escrow is so I would have a guarantee the seller wasn't just talking and wasting my time, as the probabilities of him/her not attending the meet would be much lower considering his BTCs would be on escrow. But then again, I only told you that unlike what you said in your first comment, it is possible to enable the escrow in a 'local trade', if it was face-to-face I would feel pretty safe of receving my Bitcoins after the payment.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:11:04
He wants to use an escrow beforehand.
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:28:26
That is actually wrong, the case is simply that for 'local trades' (face-to-face) escrow is not *automatically* enabled, [but the seller can change so if (s)he pleases]( That being obviously one of my conditions.
Also, I'm very well aware it is not a common thing to sell at market value, but anyone can sell their coins at the price they want, and some people don't have a reputation on LocalBitcoins, live where there's a very small market of cryptocurrencies and/or are only barely tech knowledgeable enough to have obtained the coins but wouldn't know how to sell them properly (with safety, etc.), plus some people have urgencies and that's why I wanted to be sure this process could be fast, so as to just guide the seller trhough a quick and safe (for both) deal with me.
Thanks for writing a reply anyway.
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:55:49
The only Bitcoin ATM in my whole country is currently out of service, which is a shame 'cause that particulary machine was a perffect fit (low fees, no identification and had a fairly high max. amount of purchase per day).
On the other thing... I have no idea what you meant... I only had cash and that's what I was looking to buy the Bitcoins with. In the escrow websites I would be the seller (and be selling cash).
And yeah, I'm aware of the possible total time frame of the Bitcoins arriving into my wallet, but if anything the transaction appearing in the Blockchain (unverified) would be the only thing we would wait for.
I was asking about the time frame of the Bitcoins getting from the other person's wallet into the new fresh account (in the respective website) where (s)he can sell them to me with escrow, and then (s)he setting the trade (or posting the publication if LocalBitcoins).