@_author: davidogren
@_date: 2014-04-22 15:08:42
 I don't think many people think that at all. At least not people who really know Bitcoin: the blockchain as we know it couldn't withstand that kind of volume. If BTC became the worldwide standard currency then, by definition, every single transaction in the world would be in a single block chain. It's hard to see a way that would be technically feasible in the foreseeable future. 
What might be giving you this impression is that Bitcoin is extremely disruptive. If Bitcoin becomes widespread it would reduce "friction" in transactions by orders of magnitude. 
Countering that, right now, is the "wild west" nature of Bitcoin. i.e. immuturity (and lack of regulation) of the supporting companies, uncertainty regarding how governments will tax/account for it, widely fluctuating exchange rates, relatively few vendors supporting it, and just lack of knowledge. Right now there are lots of horror stories with lost wallets, BTC stolen via hacking, Bitcoin businesses collapsing (fraudulently or otherwise). It is easy to understand why a financial conservative person might avoid Bitcoin. (Or just not know about it.)
Thus it is still very possible to see a future where Bitcoin doesn't exist. Either because it is replaced by another digital currency, because of some fundamental technical flaw, or because it just can't overcome these obstacles. (The latter two are looking less and less likely, but it could certainly still happen.)
But if Bitcoin can overcome those obstacles (and it has overcome a lot already) and just become a "boring" technology like TCP/IP, it's hard to imagine a scenario where Bitcoin doesn't become a critical component of the global financial world. It's benefits are just too compelling. It's hard to imagine a world where Bitcoin exists twenty years from now but isn't used very much. With a technology as disruptive as Bitcoin its either going to overcome its challenges and become ubiquitous or its going to fail for one reason or the other.
But even in this "ubiquitous" scenario, its still unlikely that Bitcoin becomes a worldwide standard currency. I suppose its a possibility, with some supporting changes in technology. But it's much more likely that it takes a central, but supporting role. Maybe like you describe. Or maybe with Bitcoin as a "reference" digital currency with other technologies used for micro transactions. Or maybe as one of many digital currencies. A future where things are denominated in BTC? Maybe. But worldwide standard currency? Not even really possible.
@_date: 2013-03-27 18:48:10
I really, really want to do business with Coinbase. The business model of ACH transfers is just so critical to bitcoin. And so convenient for me personally. Pretty much every other way of exchange either has high fees, or makes me nervous for one reason or another.
* Wire transfers? Neither convenient nor low cost.
* P2P transfers? Since this seems to go against the bank's intent for the P2P transfers, I worry how big this has to get before the bank shuts it down.
* Bank deposits with coded amounts? Both high fee, unscalable and also feels like a scam. There's so little audit ability in this approach.
* Dwolla? Perhaps, and this might be the route I go, but dwolla seems to be allowing this begrudgingly. I'm not sure this is a business model that Dwolla wants to be in. Essentially it puts them on the hook for the transaction risk in exchange for $0.25.
* Transferring through some other virtual currency? That's just not a trustworthy or sustainable model.
I could even forgive coinbase the clusterf of the last week if they just kept the communication channels open. It's hard to trust their plans with bogus statements like "opening the pipes". Days without communication when transactions are failing and transaction that are supposed to take seconds are taking hours just isn't acceptable.
I get the fact that they a tiny company with massively increasing scale. I would have been fine with a "we can only hand X transfers a second and we are processing 1.5X right now. more servers coming in on Monday.". Or a "our database server went down during an upgrade. All BTC safely stored in backups, but we are doing a restore and verifying integrity for the next 24 hours". Or even a "more people have requested BTC than we have available in hot storage. We won't be able to fulfill requests until Monday when we can reach cold storage." Anything that would let us have some concrete information about what could be expected.
I really hate to say it, but I do think I have to abandon them as well.
@_date: 2013-04-18 16:54:20
I think you are misunderstanding how coinbase works. Coinbase isn't a typical exchange. This transaction was "a deal cut with someone", and not "an ask on exchange". The bitcoins were already bought. This is as if someone transferred some money to MtGox via Paypal, bought some bitcoins at $112, and then went to Paypal and tried to have the transaction reversed because they didn't want the BTC anymore at that price. (Which is why MtGox will never take Paypal.)
Essentially, the OP bought BTC at $112. Coinbase lets you do this with an ACH transaction on demand. (Unlike exchanges Coinbase doesn't hold any money in reserve on your behalf.) However, to protect themselves from the ACH transaction being reversed, they don't give you the BTC for a few days.
This is also why Coinbase has a daily limit in the amount of BTC they sell each day. They are limiting their exposure to the kinds of fraud that the original poster is suggesting. (Coinbase has also started a new way of allowing market based trades if they are past their daily limit, but that's an entirely different can of worms.)
Coinbase is definitely weird this way, it's an interesting business model. They are deliberately exposing themselves to getting ripped off by people. But they figure that the benefits of making BTC easier to buy (by allowing ACH transfers) and the fees that they can make from that are worth the small percentage of fraud they get hit by. (And they take steps like fraud prediction and daily limits to manage their loss exposure.)
Which, by the way, is another reason that this poster shouldn't try to cancel this trade via NSF or anything like that. Not only is Coinbase likely to try and get their money, but it also will likely mean that he can never trade with Coinbase again. (I'm not sure if they would also report him to a credit bureau. Probably.)
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:01:10
As I'm currently buying (and selling) a home myself, I can't even imagine facing the tax/legal consequences of this.
* How do you publish the sales price? (Which legally, you probably have to do and they probably have no way of considering non-USD currencies.)
* How do you deal with the capital gain/loss if you ever sell it again?
* There are all kinds of "fairness" laws in real estate that I bet he could get in trouble with by saying that he will only accept BTC.
I admire the current owner, for trying to establish Bitcoin and blaze some trails here, and also for the good marketing that this has resulted in. But I bet in the end he wishes that he had set the price in USD and just established BTC as the required payment method.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:44:46
It's way past time for another update.
@_date: 2013-03-31 18:39:48
Well, I wouldn't consider it *entirely* correct, because of the following:
*transactions in orphaned blocks are 'queued' again to be part of the next solved block, and are considered unconfirmed again*
The above presumes that there there is one true "queue" of transactions. Assuming that we are talking about accidental orphaned blocks (and not either malicious, unusual, or mistaken mining behavior) then we will typically see the majority of transactions in both sides of the fork.
In other 
So, if words, even when a block is orphaned, most of the actual transactions will not be orphaned because they will have been confirmed on both sides of the block chain.
@_date: 2013-05-28 10:43:44
It doesn't really matter either way. newretro's point is that an address isn't like a bank account with a balance; a bitcoin address is more like a piggy bank that contains coins. Whether you have a single piggy bank with 200 coins, or 200 piggy banks each with 1 coin, doesn't matter. The number of piggy banks you own is primarily a matter of trading off convenience and privacy. The more piggy banks there are, the harder it is to figure out which piggy banks might belong to you. But it also means there are more piggy banks for you to keep track of.
But no matter how many piggy banks you have, the fundamental problem is the number of coins. If I went and bought a $7 worth of gas with a $20 bill, no one minds. If I went and bought $7 worth of gas with loose nickels and pennies, the cashier would be very annoyed.
The Bitcoin network actually has some safeguards against paying for things with lots of small coins, because having digital money means every single nickel and penny has to be tracked, forever. So if you are going to spend a whole lot of change like that, the Bitcoin network requires fees so that there is some compensation for all of the work being done to keep track of those pennies and nickels.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:52:32
SirB essentially has the answer. But let me try to explain a little more simply.
In a way, there is no such thing as a bitcoin. The Bitcoin protocol is essentially just a giant ledger of transactions. When you create a new transaction, you are essentially providing cryptographic proof that you have the key associated with the outputs of previous transactions and then also the public keys of where you want to spend those previous transaction outputs.*
This is also why there is typically a "change" output associated with many transactions. When you include the output of a previous transaction you have to include all the BTC from that output. So the typical thing to do is list the previous transactions and then send the extra amount back to another address you control (or one of the same addresses, it doesn't matter).
So, don't think of Bitcoin as actual coins. Or as a balance in your wallet, because your wallet balance is essentially just a list of the transactions outputs that you haven't used yet. Think of a transaction in this way:
I would like so send you 0.95BTC. To do that, I prove to the network cryptographically that Alice sent me 0.2BTC, Bob sent me 0.2BTC, Carl sent me 0.2BTC, Dave sent me 0.2BTC, and Eileen sent me 0.2 BTC. By doing that, I am putting that money out on the Bitcoin network signed over to the people listed in the output of the new transaction, and therefore I can't use those transaction outputs again. And in that new transaction I specify two outputs: the person I am sending it to, in the amount of 0.95 BTC, and to myself in the amount of 0.05 BTC. (Assuming no fees.) My wallet may automatically create a new address for that 0.05 change.
So can coins be combined? Yes, just send those 1.0 to yourself at a new address and your wallet will take the outputs of the previous transactions and bundle them together. (It's interesting to note that all of the inputs to a transaction don't have to all be from the same address. I can include any input that I want, as long as I can prove that I have the corresponding key.)
Can coins be divided? Yes, just send yourself a bunch of small amounts and the coins will be divided into the small amounts (and the change).
*That's not quite true, but I wanted to start with the simple case. First, technically, we are dealing with hashes rather than the keys directly. Second, transactions can actually declare what the requirements are to "cash them in". In theory, you don't event have to supply a requirement to use. (Essentially like leaving money on the floor: the first to grab it can spend it.) Or you can specify, "whoever solves this puzzle first gets to keep it". That's actually happened at least once before. There's a full programming language that allows you to specify who can spend the transaction you are putting on the network. But, in reality, "the person that can prove they have the secret key associated with this hash" is the most common type of transaction.
Edit: clarity, grammar. (Lots of a grammar fixes, I confused subjects quite a bit.)
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:38:30
Yep. It's almost as annoying as the status update. Which hasn't been updated in the last four days except to remove the part where they say they will be making updates at a minimum of daily.
*Once they catch up infrastructure-wise, their service they provide will once again become usable.*
But I'm a little skeptical that they can recover their reputation at this point. I mean, if Bank of America was reporting incorrect balances for three days, and all of their ATMs and credit cards stopped working for a a weekend, how many customers do you think they would lose? How about if that happened, and all BofA said in response to inquiries from customers was "Thank you for being patient!".
Again, I get the point that this is a bleeding edge currency right now. But that doesn't excuse the lack of communication.
@_date: 2013-04-25 15:24:35
Agreed, about the multiple denomination part. I left out a few details about how I manage addresses because I didn't want to overcomplicate what I was proposing as a simpler method. But since the way I proposed essentially unlocks an address at a time from cold storage, I definitely would advise tiering BTC between a few addresses in way you suggest.
Personally, I'm less worried about access to cold storage at work, but a purely brain wallet approach like you suggest would be a good solution to that.
@_date: 2013-07-15 10:48:53
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:29:10
Where did you come up with that $5 assessment? That seems picked out of the their air. (And just a few years ago would have seem as absurdly large, as it seems absurdly small today.)
Which leads to my theory why there is so much price volatility. There's lots of things you can buy with BTC. The probably is that very few are truly priced in BTC. For example, I have bought hosting with my BTC. But my hosting company prices in dollars, and then charges me in BTC based on the current exchange rate.
So, we mostly don't care if BTC is at $5 per BTC, $50 per BTC, or $500 per BTC. Because they are likely converting their BTC to dollars shortly after they receive them. (And vice versa for me.) Which has let the BTC value be set largely by speculators. There are a lot of BTC that are saved, lost, or forgotten. And there are a lot of BTC that are being bought and sold at market rates, regardless of the market price (for the above reason: products not priced in BTC).
Which leads to a very inelastic price for BTC and wild fluctuations.
@_date: 2013-03-24 23:22:15
A BTC purchase I made early in the week is now showing in my balance. It was supposed to be available Thursday, but didn't show up until today. (Although the transaction still shows pending.) On the other hand, all transactions I've initiated to move any of that balance out of my coinbase account is still showing as pending.
I don't mind much that my BTC purchase was slow. The exchange rate was guaranteed. And that is essentially their business model: they will essentially escrow the money for a while so that you can safely purchase BTC with consumer friendly ACH transfers even though ACH transfers are reversible in the US bank system.
I do mind completely that they are effectively not letting me transfer money that they say I own. That BTC is mine, and when they are not allowing me to spend it or transfer it, they are completely broken for their core mission of a wallet. A wallet that takes days to initiate a transaction is not a wallet.
They have effectively given no useful information as "opening the pipes" is useless? They need to give a more detailed explanation than that if they don't want me to remove my money. A wallet that you cannot withdraw money from is not a wallet, it is a scam.
I expect that part of it may be that they now have initiated a good old fashioned bank run. They've said in the past that much of their BTC is in cold storage in a safety deposit box. I bet that my transactions will be stuck in limbo until Monday morning when they can withdraw funds from that safety deposit box. Or at least that is my hope: the other possibility is that they don't really have the funds to deliver on what they promised me.
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:49:22
There are lots of technical explanations that are correct in this thread, but I want to explain the reasoning.
In fiat currency cash transaction you are relying on the government, their anti-counterfeiting measures, and your observation of those to insure the integrity of the transaction. i.e. this guy gave me $50, it looks genuine and my anti-counterfitting pen didn't detect a forgery. Therefore, you conclude that the transaction is sound.
In a fiat currency credit card transaction, you are relying on the bank to insure the integrity of the transaction. i.e. this guy gave me $50, and the bank gave me an approval code, therefore you conclude that the transaction is sound. Note, that if the internet connection is down and they just take an imprint of the card, you just have to trust that the card is genuine and hasn't exceeded its limit.
In a fiat currency personal check transaction, you are essentially trusting the buyer. That the check is genuine and that the account has sufficient funds. 
I could go on, but the point is that there are varying degrees of trust that you have to have with the buyer, depending on what intermediaries are involved.
With BTC, it is basically the same way. Except there is no real intermediary other than the blockchain. So if you must have absolute proof you need to wait for the "proof of work" blockchain. Sort of you might wait for confirmation of a wire transfer. (Although since the blockchain essentially must ensure that the entire network is synchronized and you haven't tried to spend that money elsewhere, it requires time and proof of work.)
On the other hand, if you are willing to partially trust your buyer, and or an intermediary you can make instant transactions:
i.e. Several exchanges allow you to have "instant spend". For example, if I use MtGox I can spend money instantly at any vendor that uses MtGox processing. Coinbase has a similar service.
I can also trust my buyer with a smaller number of confirmations. A lot of times when people buy BTC in a cash person-to-person transaction you will hand over your fiat at the same time that they transfer the BTC via an online wallet. In theory they could try to double spend that money before that transaction is confirmed. And people have been burned by this (or other types of fraud). But because of the trust system with the intermediary (localbitcoins or whatever), most people don't wait for six confirmations.
TL;DR: All cash system transactions, even fiat cash, have elements of trust and/or intermediary trust in them. Don't assume that the "wait for six confirmations" is the only way to deal with BTC. That's the equivalent of saying "I only accept wire transfers because that's the only non-reversable, non-counterfeitable cash transaction".
@_date: 2013-05-28 19:37:43
Generally, I would say that, no, there is nothing wrong fewer addresses if you don't care about anonymity.
It's hard to give a 100% generic answer, because it does depend a little bit on what wallet you are using (the standard client is going to create new addresses for change anyway), and if you are storing large amounts of BTC you probably need to create a paper/offline strategy that would make a single address impractical.
But for the simple case, disregarding anonymity, only using a handful of addresses is just fine.