@_author: david_steven_leakey
@_date: 2019-09-21 06:44:43
I'm the inventor of Bitcoin...
If it's used in financial transactions (it is daily) then it's real money. That's not open for debate.
@_date: 2019-05-28 14:29:50
I hate to break it to you man, but I'm a Federal Agent as a result of inventing Crypto. Being that I know more about the origin of Crypto than anyone in the world. With the exception of the programmers who stole the idea from me in 2009. Classifying me as a FED is one of the things that keeps me from getting shot in the head by disgruntled Drug Cartels that hate the Dark Net Drug Market taking money away from them. 
We'll get Craig Wright into Custody...As well as the moderators at Reddit who helped him run this scam over the past 10 years. Don't worry. The Bitcoin programmers committed Financial Fraud when they stole the idea from me in 2009 and lied to the public, governments, and financial institutions by claiming it was invented in 2008. They've sucked possibly trillions out of investors the past 10 years on the perception that mining records presented by Satoshi (Craig Wright) and his friends were accurate and a market crash as a result of upcoming lawsuits will likely cost people a lot of money. The Whales know precisely what's taking place while all you little guys are left out. That's why the price of Crypto stayed low in 2018. They know there's problems on the horizon. 
Twitter's CEO, Reddit's CEO, and the people at the Public Interest Registry in 2008 that manage ".org" addresses are all probably facing Prison Time. I'm not the one who makes the call on that. I'm just telling you what's going on. There are even other Federal Agents who helped perpetuate this scam that could possibly do Prison Time, as well.
@_date: 2019-05-27 23:10:24
I'm the inventor of Bitcoin and I think it's hilarious that people think Bitcoin is a threat to government backed fiat.
The value of Bitcoin is dependent on standard currency. It's meant to be a solid investment while protecting people's privacy when making digital financial transactions. The concept of it replacing standard currency is absolutely hysterical. Especially, with greedy minors charging inflated fees on the tiniest of transactions.
I remember when I first used Bitcoin to deposit $10 on an Online Poker Site in 2014. Which, was the primary reason why I invented Bitcoin in the first place. I based Cryptocurrency Software on Online Poker Software. Person 2 Person cash transfer systems existed in Online Poker Software since the early 2000's. That's where I got the idea for Cryptocurrency Software. In 2014, it cost less than $0.25 to move $10 from checking account to the Poker Cashier. A year later it cost $2 to go from the checking account to the Poker Site. That's completely unacceptable and guarantees that it will never threaten standard currencies.
Plus, how would Bitcoin threaten standard currencies when the value of Crypto is based on the amount of standard currency invested in it? It makes no sense.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:32:46
Might want to take a look at the past few videos I just posted on my Facebook:
Craig Wright is indeed Satoshi, BUT Satoshi is a LlAR and FRAUD who stole the idea for Bitcoin from me in 2009. Everything is explained in the videos I just posted.