@_author: davidsonstebo
@_date: 2016-07-30 12:03:08
Why are you so afraid of innovation? Reading the vapid comments by bitcoin maximalists in this subreddit is pure cringe. 
Can you come up with one coherent argument for this vacuous statement of yours?
@_date: 2016-07-25 13:52:58
Hello, 
I have been in the blockchain space since 2012 and founded the [IOTA]( project with pioneer blockchain developers in mid-2015. This project is a completely new architectural approach to the distributed ledger, started entirely from scratch. We got rid of blocks and invented the 'Tangle', this allows us unprecedented scalability, absolutely **no fees** and is also lightweight. On top of this it is intrinsically way more decentralized than bitcoin could ever be even in theory because verification of the network is not decoupled from the network (as is the case with miners and stakers)
Why did we create this? To enable Internet-of-Things. It's not a competitor to Bitcoin as a digital holding value, it simply solves another problem: micro-transactions and scalability in IoT. And for the record we did zero premine too. 
I encourage everyone to open their mind to the fact that there is no 'universal solution' that acts as the panacea to all problems in the world. Bitcoin would be a lot more successful in the long run if it accepted this and instead worked to be the best solution in one or two regards, for instance as a holding value and pegged backbone for other ledgers. 
It's actually sad to see how this subreddit has devolved over the last years from sheer enthusiasm, activism and development into primarily being focused around greed driven maximalism and suppression of innovation. A lot of the sentiment that is expressed in here is virtually the exact polar opposite of what Satoshi stated as his motivation to create bitcoin in the first place.
Alternative ledgers that solve other issues is not a threat to bitcoin, it's a supplement to the whole ecosystem.
@_date: 2016-07-30 16:43:25
It's true that some other distributed ledger projects end up being a blueprint for Bitcoin, but in many cases they solve entirely different problems. Nothing is worse than the idiots thinking that there's going to be 'one ledger to rule them all'