@_author: davideo71
@_date: 2015-12-30 01:55:50


The problem with voluntary associations, for instance in the case of fishing is that they have no means of pressuring those that are not part of the association into respecting the common cause. If the guy from the next village/country decides that it is a great idea to dynamite the shared reef, there is very little you can do to convince him otherwise (unless you think that they should be allowed to use force?)
As far as I understand it, native Americans had government in as much that they had a power structure where decisions were made for the whole tribe. Not following the tribal rules got you in trouble. We do have a more complex society with a lot more people so our systems of government tend to be more complex and larger, but in essence these institutes are set up with very similar goals.
@_date: 2015-12-25 22:26:39
Interestingly per patient medical costs are incredibly high in the US compared to places that do have 'social' healthcare systems.
@_date: 2015-12-29 21:56:35


Well, in many cases it actually is government regulation that is preventing overfishing and hunting of some animals (and others just when they are in season). Regulations keep powerful companies from polluting rivers or dumping their waste product in hazardous ways (EPA) and there are many other examples of where government regulations serve the common good. 
Does this system work perfectly? Absolutely not, but saying that without these regulations, everybody would just behave themselves seems wishful thinking without any base in past experiences.
@_date: 2015-12-25 22:29:59
lets start with a general education program?
@_date: 2015-12-26 01:57:29
market regulation works fine in cases where certain factors are infinite but those are not the real-world conditions in most cases. How would you market regulate diminishing fish stocks without government to put a price on long term interests of the many? Market regulation in the housing market doesn't make for more livable cities for the people who live there as there is no infinite growth potential when it comes to space. Market regulation is ultimately a predatory system as (at best) it chooses to ignore that most of us can easily be manipulated into making terrible choices. 
I find my world is better when it's not only my life that's great but when the people down the street (and in the next town) are doing well too. Having a system that only works for the once that are able to navigate it has a terrible effect on everybody's well being.
@_date: 2015-12-26 01:04:31
My perspective on the 'evils of governments' might be different by birth. Growing up in a country where we need to work together to make sure the water doesn't spill over the dikes, taking all of us to watery graves. To me it seems clear that people need to work together to make our futures better. Maintaining the water line, building roads, keeping everybody healthy and able to do their part, and teaching the next generation how to do these things. To organize this we choose a group of people who should be good at this as this is a complicated task, open for abuse. If you want to be part of our bit of world, for example to sell your things here, you should be willing to pay for your part. If you get extraordinary rich of the country we've build together you have to pay an extraordinary high amount of taxes as history contributed a great deal to your succes. 
I see a lot of sabotaging government and then claiming it doesn't work and very few realistic ideas on how to safeguard against crony capitalism (how would less regulation magically protect us?). 
@_date: 2015-12-30 02:54:47


No, as an individual I don't. Obviously. I should however have a voice, just like the others in my community, in how we deal with our shared resources (like fish). To do this fairly, we should get together and discuss this. Since we don't all have time to get together about everything, we should choose some people to represent our shared interest. (you see where i'm going with this?)


This would be a good example of BAD government. See the difference with GOOD government which wouldn't allow for this to happen? I've tried to explain in the last few comments that the answer to BAD government isn't NO government. Underfunding government and then expecting them to function well or have good checks and balances is a terrible way to ruin a country (I think this is what's been happening to the US for the last few decades and it's painful to watch)
@_date: 2015-12-26 03:07:39
We do indeed see things differently. I've visited about 50 countries so far (yeah, I'm bragging), and have seen bad government as wel as good. I've not been to Somalia, but that's held out as an example of no meddling government. I've seen the effects of poaching and dynamite fishing on coral reefs, which has at least been made illegal (but that did require a government effort). I don't share your optimism that fisheries, or hunters would voluntarily agree to limit their take, as it means bread on the table this week (or a nice trophy on the wall). We are already fishing the oceans close to collapse and only in some places is regulations starting to make a dent in that trent. In the end it only takes one rich asshole with a rhino fetish to eliminate the species from the face of the earth (rhinos, not infinite). As for cottling the idiots, all of us suffer of the stupidity of some, and in many cases it is unlikely they will ever learn.
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:59:35
Wow, there is a lot there.
Look lets start by agreeing that everything is made up. Land ownership, freedom of movement, laws against stealing, etc etc. We do not we have some kind of 'flying spagetty monster given right' to anything. But do I really have to explain that it is more productive if people can agree on a ruleset?
If you think life without government control is paradise, please move to Somalia. Turns out lack of (enforced) regulations doesn't get you prosperity, it gets you Mad Max. The people most willing to use force end up with the resources. If economic growth (of some) is truly your measure of success, then your idilic version of supposed native american anarchy doesn't even match up. 
It's interesting to try to understand the perspective others have on the world but this last comment of yours makes be believe you have a very naive understanding of market forces and social systems (Ian Rand much?). Have a enlightening 2016!
@_date: 2015-12-25 22:24:31
Where is 'gun point' coming from?
The reality is that, with few exceptions, that 1% we talk about have been born into their extraordinary position. (when I started this company all I had was a great a idea and 10 million dollars). Our current system heavily stacks the deck in favor of those who are already doing great, be it through inheritance or environment. Too often wealth is accumulated at the expense of others (shitty wages), or with hidden/delayed cost to the environment. Some of us don't see this as 'fair' and have lost faith in the current form of (super) capitalism when it comes to righting this wrong and are looking for other ways to make 'growth' more inclusive.
Do you believe it is healthy for the world to see a small group of people hoard money like that crazy woman down the street collects cats? There is a point the rest of us come together to let her know she's stinking up the place and have her do something about it.
@_date: 2015-12-30 03:45:42


Maybe read my last answer again, and this time don't skip important words like 'individual'


Well, that's hardly a satisfying assessment is it. Personally i think you might be idealizing the 1776 government, which I'm sure was not appreciated by everyone equally. 
When I'm saying your government is underfunded, I don't mean your taxes are too low. However a lot of critical departments are still very much underfunded (often intentionally so), the EPA is an example but there is also surprisingly little money made available for oversight of banks or political financing. 
How is this possible? Well, as a country the US seems to have a bit of an obsession with military power so 37cnts of your tax dollar is going towards that little hobby. Then of course the tax burden has been shifted away from the super rich which means you pay a disproportionate part. Also there is al the subsidies for things that are already very profitable. But you already knew these issues exist, the difference is that you believe they'd get better if we remove the rules where I think the problem is bad rules that aren't even enforced. I can point to northwestern Europe for examples of how things work better with good government, can you give me examples where things work without government (as your native american example falls a bit flat).  
@_date: 2016-01-04 05:18:36
You should take some time to understand socialism a bit better. It is a label that has been fitted to many different movements. National socialism, of the Nazi's is very different from the USSR socialism (the one von Mises talks about), which again is very different from the western European socialism of today. You can't interchange them, like you do in this article and pretend they are all responsible for economic downturns and starvation. The more socialist post WW2 period in US politics actually was an amazing time of sustained economic growth. 
For some reason your faith in Capitalism lets you turn a blind eye to the exploitation of limited resources for the profit of a small group of people. Many of those sceptic about technology have a more wholistic view of the consequences of technological tide we're surfing in on. Not everyone is empowered by more access to the digital domain, not everyone who's empowered is enlightened (just ask ISIS). 
There are really too many claims made in this article (which  just seems about you wanting to win an argument with some unknown facebook person who doesn't really represent anyone but him/her-self). Your writing style, and layout (why all the colors sizes and fonds?), don't really make it easy to follow your scattered thought process. (though I'm sure you'll disagree). 
@_date: 2016-01-04 04:45:06


Are you 12? gives you feedback on your writing (feedback I and I'm sure some others agree on) and you reaction is really very immature (as is your reaction to others who try to give you feedback). It's tricky when you make something and show it to other people, but if you're putting your work out on a platform like this, you should try to value what people have to say about it (even if you don't always have to agree).
@_date: 2016-02-01 23:53:41
Trying to flee the day *after* turning yourself in might be braver?