@_author: david55555
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:00:23
I would think that most people who are in favor of Bitcoin wouldn't be in favor of it if the US Treasury were the main power in mining the transactions. I especially wouldn't feel comfortable if the USA were locked in a perpetual battle with China to be the first to mine the next block, with unknown consequences if China were to win the race.
The current reality is that computing power is not as diversely held as would be desirable for something like bitcoin. What you want is computing power to be proportional to consumer activity. That way the people most invested in the validating the currency are those leading the mining and validation efforts. However I don't think we will ever get remotely close to that. Especially as the home PC becomes smaller, slower, and more portable relative to the servers used by large datacenter operators.
Money is not about money, money is about confidence. I don't see how bitcoin makes me any more confident than the greenback.
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:28:18
Its not necessarily bad, but its not necessarily better.
An idealized "democratic currency" would be one where the people who had a vested interest in the currency has a proportional interest in supporting its stability.
One of the complaints about the USD is that the Fed and its member banks have substantial control over its stability but represent the economic interests of a smaller segment of the population. It might be better if every time an American bought a coke they got a chance to vote in some way on Fed policy.
Now if BTC is mined by corporate interests, then you as a BTC user will have very little control over what happens to BTC. This doesn't seem any better than the lack of control you have over the Fed. 
Now it is true that there are greater restrictions on BTC mining than on Fed monetary policy, but that itself can be seen as a negative. I don't want to go into a discussion about the relative merits of fiat money system with a central bank vs a money system with proscribed rules on how the currency is created.
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:09:29
Do you know what the fees will be on bank to bank transfers in 20 years? Right now bitcoin as fiat to fiat is more expensive than other options. In 20 years one might hope that bitcoin will be cheaper as a fiat to fiat option (or that fiat will not be desired), but in 20 years the banks with a vested interest in money transfer may find ways to reduce their cost and still beat bitcoin.
He is not being myopic he is merely comparing what he knows and avoiding speculation about what might be true so many years hence.
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:13:08
Well I will speculate that all this bitcoin stuff is a waste of time because money will be a concept that nobody cares about after we discover the warp drive and meet the Vulcans. We will live in peace and harmony under the United Federation of Planets and since everyone's needs will be met by replicators there will be no need to desire or talk about wealth.
Discussion has to be based in some kind of fact. Its too easy to speculate about a future state that supports your view.
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:09:05
Yes at some point in the future the USD will not be the worlds reserve currency, but by that time some other currency may have come forward as the reserve currency. Maybe its BTC, but maybe its RMB.
It doesn't seem much of an argument in favor of BTC to say that some fiat currencies fail. I'm sure some digital currencies will fail as well (maybe an exchange somewhere mis-implements things and badly fouls up the market, maybe there is a unknown protocol error, maybe that currency never becomes particularly popular, etc...). 
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:21:06
Argentina and Cyprus... those are very particular examples. You could just as well say that:
Its a bad idea to use a fiat currency when the issuing authority is under the thumb of an organization/oligarchy  that you don't have any real democratic control over.
That should be fairly obvious. If you don't trust your government, and don't believe it can protect your economic interests in the future, then its not a great idea to use its currency as your store of value. Well DUH!!
Your Argentinian is lamenting capital controls against USD as much as he is against BTC. In other words, he would be very happy to use a fiat currency. He just wants it to be from another country than his own. So its not an argument against fiat currencies. Its an argument against unstable and undemocratic governments.
Being an evil BTC denier I can attest to how horrible democracies and stable currencies are. Down with Democracy!!! Down with stable currencies!!!
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:45:43
I don't know much about any of them. Although I'm skeptical of just about every digital currency system. My view is "I don't care how it works, I just need to have faith that it works, and know that my counterparty has faith that it works." Centrally controlled currencies from stable governments meet those standards very easily, many of the more tangible benefits that bitcoin offers (like lower transaction costs) can easily be met by the existing system with changes to our regulatory structure. I'll grant that every effort to change the regulatory structure has met with failure because of the vested interests of the powerful bank lobby, and if something like bitcoin could break the big banks that would be great.
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:21:49


Visa and Amex don't have to perform a computation that is by design hard in order to balance their ledgers. They just store the transaction in a database table.
Its not fair to compare the energy used by Banks transacting in USD to that used by miners validating the hash chain of BTC. If US Banks started accepting BTC transactions tomorrow they would still use the same amount of energy to store transactions in their database and calculate their balances. The energy cost of mining would be on top of that expenditure by the banks.
A more apt comparison of the BTC energy cost would be to compare it to the energy expenditures of the US Federal Reserve. Without the Fed operating its systems the USD would not have credibility, without the miners BTC would not have credibility. However the Fed uses much less energy to maintain the credibility of its currency than the BTC miners do to maintain theirs. That is what makes it wasteful.
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:57:16
I'm sure they can go down. So could bank to bank transaction fees.
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:36:04


Governments don't care about profit. If the US government wanted to be "profitable" they fire up the printers. They care about power, and having the power to take down the economic system used by a rival is real power.