@_author: day25
@_date: 2018-01-11 17:09:33
Yes. A coin that has not been created yet could easily be the future of crypto, for example, and even if you re-balance into new coins as they are created, there is no guarantee that what is eventually accepted will be worth anything as an investment (e.g. an inflationary crypto). A broad crypto "investment" could be worth very little in the future even if crypto itself succeeds.
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:22:40
Not sure what you are referring to. India has used the Rupee for a while. I don't remember them switching to a deflationary currency recently, although they did experience a lot of [problems under the gold standard](
Perhaps you are referring to new money vs. old physical money? In which case that's still the same currency, and is comparing something completely different and irrelevant to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:03:16
The law does not apply when comparing two different currencies. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 02:55:21
I don't know how to respond to that. It doesn't have anything to do with the law that you mentioned.
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:05:14
I think you are misunderstanding it. The "good" and "bad" referred to in the law are from the *same* currency. It does not say anything when comparing two different currencies.
@_date: 2018-05-13 21:50:57
The thing is you need to understand economics as much as if not more than the currency itself in order to reasonably value it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:08:02


I think you've misinterpreted this law and applied it incorrectly.
A better currency encourages people to spend, rather than hold it, to encourage economic activity. When people start hoarding, you can inflate the currency to move the economy forward. Bitcoin is deflationary, so it does not have this property.
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:34:22
May I ask what in your research changed your opinion? I am heavily divested from bitcoin now because I believe it's in a bubble that will crash eventually (although I don't know how high it will go before then).
@_date: 2017-11-24 23:49:50
I know this was like 2 months ago but I came across this and just wanted to let you know you're completely right and this guy u/Garandhero is an idiot.
You need only look at the velocity of bitcoin to see that it is not being adopted as an actual currency, and you need only common sense to see that any one of many things would instantly crash its value tomorrow.
I just hope this bubble bursts soon so all these idiots who don't know what they are talking about will finally shut up. It's like someone trying to argue that the lottery is a good investment because their ticket won before. And then they proceed to fill reddit with this garbage day after day. You can make money off momentum plays. That doesn't mean something isn't in a bubble. It means you got lucky.
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:28:00
This generally signals a bubble. The fundamentals do not agree with the current price. 10x increase, while the velocity of bitcoin trends toward M1, so it's not becoming more valuable because of increased adoption. It's the sentiment from people like you describe.
@_date: 2017-11-27 01:26:40
It's arbitrary because it's based on nothing but speculation. The velocity of BTC has been trending to M2, not M1, so this price increase is not because it's being adopted more as a currency. It's being bought with the expectation it will be worth more later, in the vast majority of cases. The fact that the price is high right now doesn't change this reality, in fact the current price action probably should strengthen that thesis.
@_date: 2017-11-21 02:54:11


There are a lot more sophisticated arguments than this. For example, these are some of my reasons:
* BTC is inherently deflationary. This means it encourages people to hold, rather than spend the currency. A lot of why we switched away from the gold standard applies to bitcoin as well.
* While bitcoin has increased in value by approximately 10x, its velocity has been trending toward M2 (not M1). This indicates it is not being adopted as an actual currency, but rather is being used more as an investment.
* Bitcoin transactions are inherently expensive and slow (i.e. little to no economic incentive to use bitcoin over fiat)
* There is no inherent subtance backing its value like gold, which makes it less appealing as a safe haven asset
* A large entity outlawing bitcoin (or accepting instead another crypto) would kill BTC, and there is real incentive for some of these (e.g. governments) to do exactly that
* While BTC has the first mover advantage, this is also a disadvantage in that the protocol is old and inferior to some newer cryptos
Ultimately, it comes down to the idea that bitcoin provides little practical advantages over fiat, and thus there is no good incentive to use it as a *mainstream* currency (this argument does not apply for less developed countries or for things like criminal transactions that benefit from the decantralized nature of bitcoin).
And even if crypto becomes mainstream in the future, there is no guarantee that BTC becomes the currency of choice.
These are some of the arguments I would make for why bitcoin is in a bubble right now, and so far I have not really come across any convincing arguments that refute these or make them seem less relevant.
So I guess that's why I was curious if you happened to learn something that made you feel better about points like this, and overall more confident that we're not in a bubble.