@_author: daymi
@_date: 2016-03-13 15:06:26
This is fundamentally different in that anyone can encrypt. I can encrypt manually using just my head if I so please. There's *no* way this regulatorium could be enforced. And certainly Obama and the govt know this - so whatever they are trying to do - it's not that. The only thing this does is further weaken the image of USA technology. Even them only saying they are trying to do it harms it already. I wonder whether they have shorted any Apple stock.
I know that you haven't suggested it. 


There's no way to check except old-fashioned detective work (moles etc). The cat is out of the bag. Now if they want to harm their tech sector, be my guest. Will do nothing to increase security in the long run.
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:16:04


Yes, I entangled mine using (Type I) [SPDC]( (see Section 2.1 for Entanglement). Edit: replaced link.


There is only one wave function (|ψ⟩) for everything in the world. It has lots of parameters, though (i'd say about 10^(60)). Each of them is a real number or worse, all the parameters together are a "question you could ask it" (like "is particle 1 at 0.3m and particle 2 at 0.2m?" for a 2-particle universe). After you provided values for all of these parameters, out comes one complex number, the length of which is the probability of it being true.
This is different from local realistic theories where you (of course) ask seperately, i.e. you ask particle 1 whether it is at 0.3m and particle 2 whether it is at 0.2m, and if you want both, you multiply the resulting "probabilities" (1 or 0 in that case :P) to get whether both is true. But turns out that is exactly the problem, such a model is no good for the real world.
(the |H⟩ in the document above is not a wavefunction)


No one knows. Observers are a bad concept but having none is worse. We usually mean (as far as I can tell) "macroscopic object" when we say Observer. Doesn't matter what.


Hmmm, depends on what you mean. I used a crystal that is known to cause polarisation be (180 degree) opposite for outgoing photons (when interacting with incoming photons) some (&lt;1%) of the time. It's not exactly nice and I can't control for it in the crystal (it's random, and very seldom at that). On the other hand, the experiment worked in air, so it can't be that private. 
It's important that I must not control the polarisation they will come out in specifically. In fact, I wasted a day or so until I compensated for insane ways I *could* have told what polarisation comes out, everything was very boring and no entanglement occured (unfortunately only did it in air, so not sure if it would also happen in a vacuum) until I did.


Yes. Or no. It's difficult to say. We only see the result (so also the correlations) when the detectors have finished communicating and all the state imparting is done, B has apparently mysteriously gained knowledge in a non-direct-communication way (WTF) and we cannot say that A did tell B. (wow I edited that sentence about 20 times and it's still off)
There are more fundamental experiments that are also fucking weird where one tends to say "yes" to the question:
For example when you have light going through two slits in a wall and check on a screen behind how often where something hits, how much it hits where depends on whether you have something near a slit or not.
If you have some way of telling whether light goes through the slit, suddenly everything will be really boring. The distribution on the screen will be as anyone would expect: (about) behind the slits there's the most hits, The slit you are watching will be affected by your spying (not unheard-of since it probably bounces off something) but not overly much.
But if you don't have a way of telling, behind in-between the slits where there is a solid WALL there will be most hits on the screen. How?! 
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:33:53
I've done Bell's experiment last month and I can confirm that the universe makes sure of its invariants even as entangled particles are spacially-seperated-and-only-then-measured. It's impossible for entaingled particles to have had the property in question before it was measured. Local realistic theories (like EM communication) cannot possibly explain it.
No. Because mentioned it below, I'll clarify what we actually do. We measure a lot of similarly prepared entangled particle pairs using two detectors at different places. These count each time a particle hits the detector and also communicate with each other (the detectors do communicate using electricity) in order to find how many particles coincide. Then it's pretty easy (under 4 pages of text) to set up how these coincidences would have to look if any of the local realistic theories we use to describe "communication" were true (seriously, if you had any statistics course, just read Bell's Original Paper at CERN - you can understand it easily). Then you measure and see they aren't. The coincidences are way too fucking low in real life and what's worse, if you just use a simple model "either this or that happened" at each point and sum up all the different probabilities, you get a MUCH lower value in the model than what you get in real life. The sum you get in real time is so high you wonder if the cheshire cat is near. How is this even possible?! It's as if no one cared about any consistency when nobody was looking.
All the handwaving aside, no one has ANY idea of what is going on and Bell's theorem just ruled out all the ones we would have liked, like any thinkable sane theories.
It's hard to avoid saying "the particle does X" and it's easy to slip back into it when not careful (I did in a previous edit). "The particle" doesn't necessarily communicate or decide or even *have* a property before interacting with something. Then something magical happens and the universe decides on a globally consistent state and suddenly everything has its proper values for a while. Think of the machines in The Matrix fixing up the world.
Bell's experiment has been done with particles seperated very far and timing controlled so that a EM wave wouldn't have time to reach the other one to tell it in time (you never know), and the universe still does that.
I can see why Quantum Mechanics had such a hard time getting accepted, I mean it's totally... weird.
Oh well, at least I get to tune tiny things in the dark :-)
@_date: 2016-03-13 14:39:58
&lt;snip&gt; was a quote from AstarJoe's post that you rejected. 


In this case, the regulatory framework will not help because the criminals will just not heed them. Breaking critical infrastructure everyone depends on on the off chance someone does something evil with it isn't the right way (and make no mistake, any backdoor will break it completely). I just don't get what the govt is even trying to hint at here. What they are trying to do is unacceptable. That said, I want them to keep saying it until the entire technology sector has mitigated that security threat forever. So maybe I should just shut up. Hmm. Carry on, everyone. Louder, if possible.
@_date: 2016-03-13 13:16:04
Not everything is about you personally.






Yes, and? Freedom has a price. Always had, and always will have.