@_author: dbenoy
@_date: 2013-11-30 06:24:13
I don't want to seem like I'm disagreeing with you. I, too, only put some money into Litecoin as a hedge, and I continue to strongly support Bitcoins with the bulk of my holdings, and I also roll my eyes at the supposed benefits of more frequent confirmations, but still...
I think having an alternative blockchain to hedge against critical security flaws (For example, an exploit found in SHA256) is reason enough to strongly support Litecoin and other alt coins. The more alt coins are more widely supported, the stronger the foundations of cryptocurrencies will be against a disaster.
Also, Bitcoins don't have any significant advantage over Litecoins. There's no reason at all to limit yourself to the one that happened to come first.
I'm really looking forward to when someone gets around to creating a post-quantum cryptocurrency too.
Also, there was no mention made by OP of scrypt. Having a dominant scrypt cryptocurrency so that miners have something to do with their old GPU mining equipment (now that it's rapidly being obsoleted) is going to make it a popular and interesting project among miners, which will make it more popular and interesting among the public too.
On a big-picture level, too, I celebrate competition between cryptocurrencies. I love the idea that there are projects out there that are attempting to fine-tune the algorithms, and distribute the risks and all the various hands that touch the code bases, and although I agree that Litecoin is disappointingly 'me too' in its conception, I'm still going to do what it takes to advocate diversity.
After all, I love the idea of a block-chain cryptocurrency, not bitcoins. That's what I'm supporting. Bitcoins also are very unlikely to be the be-all and end-all as well. They're going to be replaced by a better cryptocurrency. In fact, there will be many cryptocurrencies living peacefully side-by-side. So there's no sense stubbornly resisting the inevitable. Support a few different ones.