@_author: dberger
@_date: 2013-09-12 16:55:54
Which is one of many reasons I wouldn''t recommend keeping more than about $10 worth. This isn't a substitute for a wallet.
@_date: 2013-09-12 09:29:26
Come to think of it, I could probably make it so that you could just check your balance on the twitacoin site. I mean, the original intention was that by keeping everything on twitter, it would make things more accessible and allow more casual bitcoin use. But balance checking is probably going to be the thing that uses up most of the tweet quota. Do you think public balances (ie, anyone can enter a twitter account to check its balance) or private balances (go on twitacoin and sign in to twitter to see your balance) would be better?
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:09:27
There aren't any plans beyond basic maintenance and a few simple usability features at the moment, but other altcoins can be included in the future. As for fees - just the normal bitcoin transaction one.
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:21:23
There is an option to receive all messages as direct ones - just follow  and it'll do it. The problem is that the twitter API has a much lower limit on direct messages than on regular tweets (250 and 1000 per day respectively, as well as other restrictions per hour). The current setup is to send as a regular tweet if something can't be sent as a direct message - hence the "no guarantees" on tweets being direct. If there is demand for it, I guess I'll make it so that people can choose to receive direct tweets only.
As for eating up the API limits, I'll probably be implementing that and any other good ideas if it looks like things are getting close
@_date: 2013-09-12 13:40:52
I was aware of some similar services out there, but none that I was overall happy with. My design philosophy was essentially "as accessible as possible". Ideally, I wanted no registration or additional  accounts/passwords and no need to ever even visit the twitacoin website.
My hope is that it takes no more than a minute or two to send someone who has no understanding of bitcoin $5 of it and have them able to use it (at least within twitacoin). And i do actually believe that twitacoin is closer to that goal than the other services I've seen. As soon as the bot posts the "successfully sent" message, the receiver can use what was sent simply by copying the send syntax. Since it can all be done with dollar values, the underlying bitcoin protocol is only even relevant when trying to withdraw/deposit.
@_date: 2013-09-12 16:53:24
I'm not sure I'll be able to appease you, but you raise a whole bunch of legitimate concerns, so I'll try and address them.
First and foremost, I don't expect or even want people to trust me with any more than they would trust a random stranger on the internet. Certainly not now while this project is still in its infancy and there could still be kinks to work out. People use twitacoin at their own risk.
As for the basic security of the system, currently all private keys are being stored only on an offline machine. This may be subject to change though if usage picks up and the manual step of moving data to and from the offline machine to get bitcoin where they need to go becomes unviable. At this stage I'm more worried about potential bugs in the system than potential security flaws though.
Should what you call a singularity event occur, then, assuming there is only a small amount of bitcoin in the system, I will cover the costs and issue refunds. If someone does something like transfers 100BTC in despite my repeated warnings not to use large amounts of bitcoin, then I would not be able to refund them should something happen. I do not want people to send large amounts like this using twitacoin. I do not want to be responsible for such large amounts.
My real name is Daniel Berger and I live in Sydney, Australia. This isn't a secret, its pretty much my reddit name. I don't have any form of proof of ID that I am willing to upload to the internet, sorry.  I'm not sure you'll be able to successfully sue me over a few fractions of a bitcoin anyway.
I don't think these answers would be satisfactory to you - make of them what you will. I needed to answer them because I don't want anyone to have any misconceptions about the nature of this project.