@_author: dbrickshaw
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:45:33


The only way you could have possibly lost millions is by being stupid with your coins. Always remember, if you don't have the private key to the wallet your funds reside in, you don't actually own them. It's irresponsible madness to leave a significant amount of funds sitting on an uninsured exchange when you're using a legally unregulated currency.
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:36:22
Not really, because people are still trusting their coins to third parties. MtGox wasn't the first exchange to disappear along with all their coins, and they certainly won't be the last. If you're not securing your own coins, the security of the  protocol is totally irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:44:41
Yes, your description appears entirely accurate to me.
@_date: 2014-02-14 22:01:19


Considering that there objectively was a bug in the bitcoin software (the reference wallet), that statement is only senseless from the perspective of an investor terrified that any perceived weakness will cause the price will drop,


No, it's not a new thing, but that doesn't excuse ignoring known problems in the reference implementation. The reference implementation is the authoritative definition of the protocol. If the reference wallet implements the protocol in a certain way (in this case, by assuming that transaction IDs are non-malleable), then that is the correct way to implement the protocol, by definition. If copying the methods used in the reference implementation results in issues of any kind, those issues are a problem with the protocol, not with third party implementations. As you say, this issue has been known for a while. The core devs have willfully ignored this error in the reference implementation, and therefore I think it was perfectly reasonable for Mark to make his statements public.
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:20:18


While it's true that this issue has been known for a while, the core devs also left code which relied on non-malleable transactions IDs unmodified in the reference wallet, which makes it a problem with the protocol. The entire point of a reference implementation is that if you follow the reference implementation exactly you are guaranteed to implement the protocol correctly, as the reference implementation is the authoritative definition of the protocol. If following the reference implementation exactly results in issues (as in this case), those issues are problems with the protocol, not problems with the third party implementations.
Granted, more cautious devs could have (and should have) examined the surrounding documentation and realized that there was a protocol error in the reference implementation, but that doesn't shift blame away from the protocol entirely. The reference implementation should always trump any supporting documentation. Exchange developers are at fault for failing to consult all available documentation, but the core devs are also at fault for documenting a vulnerability while leaving vulnerable code in the reference implementation.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:49:21


The core Bitcoin devs didn't consider it worth fixing, because they had elsewhere documented the problem and it didn't directly lead to funds loss in the reference wallet. In my opinion, that doesn't completely excuse leaving code known to be unreliable in the reference implementation, as the reference implementation should trump all external documentation.


Apparently their developers didn't read the Bitcoin wiki.
@_date: 2014-02-14 21:15:52


I would have agreed with this line of argument a few days ago, but it's since become apparent that parts of the reference wallet (which is effectively the authoritative definition of the Bitcoin protocol) relied on the same, incorrect assumptions that Mt.Gox's "shitty implementation" did. If the reference implementation of the protocol presents incorrect assumptions as valid, that's sufficient grounds to shift at least some blame to the protocol itself in my mind.
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:25:41


Agreed. What people should not be able to do is produce value in proportion to their current holdings simply by refraining from any economic action, as occurs in a deflationary system. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:54:05


Bitcoin doesn't magically eliminate the concept of borrowing money, or charging interest on borrowed money. As long as people are willing to take the chance of multiplying their future rewards by incurring debt, there will always be money to be made in fractional reserve banking. You can certainly argue that banks would be far less profitable or stable in a pure Bitcoin economy, but they wouldn't be obsolete entirely.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:40:10
The error wasn't in processing transactions, but rather in tracking transactions that had already entered the block chain. If your implementation was tracking transactions purely based on transaction ID (as parts of the reference implementation did, I might add), it opened the vulnerability of failing to track a transaction that actually entered the block chain successfully. In MtGox's case, what presumably happened is that successfully processed withdrawals were not being tracked reliably due to transaction malleability, and this allowed people to withdraw the same funds from their MtGox account repeatedly.
It's easy to say that the protocol had no part in this failure, but that ignores the fact that the reference implementation (which is the authoritative definition of the protocol) was demonstrating transaction tracking using an unreliable method.
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:36:31


Very true, I really shouldn't have used the word "bought". All I meant to say is that the presented transaction time and amount are legitimate.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:52:40


It's a sad day when expecting a contract to be fulfilled is retarded. He agreed to pay the market value for the bitcoins at the moment of their delivery, not at an arbitrary time chosen by Coinbase sometime between when the order was confirmed and when the coins were delivered.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:24:46




Let's see what that same document says about those delays:


Looks like Coinbase is the one in violation of the contract, as the 18th is more than 48 hours from the 13th. That's not even to discuss the issue that the rate that was locked in was not the rate at the time the coins were delivered, nor the rate at the time the order was confirmed (i.e the order was confirmed on the 8th, and delivered on the 18th at the market value of the 13th).
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:06:58


That kind of risk is mitigated by contracts that specify the exact relationship between the currency exchanged and the amount of bitcoins paid out. The volatility and risk in the underlying market is not a valid justification for breaching those contracts.
In any case, Coinbase has since admitted their error, and [amended the transaction to give him today's rate](
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:56:37
Glad to see you got this adequately sorted out. It was really discouraging to see the amount of flaming you were getting from people who didn't actually understand your situation.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:32:18


This is exactly what didn't happen. He agreed to pay the market price on the 13th in exchange for receiving the coins on the 13th, and instead they were delivered on the 18th at the market price for the 13th.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:38:18
I wouldn't call it a tremendous head start. If it becomes apparent that Satoshi and the other very early adopters are actually agents of the Fed who are hoarding Bitcoin with the goal of future manipulation, the network as a whole can simply decide that those Bitcoins are invalid. It's trivially easy to patch a Bitcoin miner client to refuse to process transactions originating from a certain wallet (at least software miners, ASIC miners  not so much), and if 51% of Bitcoin clients adopt this behaviour it will be almost as though those wallets never existed. Admittedly this is a rather extreme solution, and it would be difficult for this to gain traction, but the [recent controversy over patches blocking SatoshiDice transactions]( is an example of such a thing having already happened, albeit for very different reasons. In that case a service was essentially using Bitcoin as an instant messaging service by sending huge volumes of transactions of a single satoshi, and they eventually changed this behaviour, in part due to degrading performance because of miners filtering out their transactions.
In any case, it will certainly be interesting to see what happens if Satoshi's holdings start moving around. All of this really demonstrates the beauty of the pure democracy of Bitcoin, which is that even if it was created by the Fed, it is fundamentally controlled by the majority consensus of those who provide the processing power to run the network.
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:07:12


Really? I don't think it's terribly unreasonable to expect some form of communication in 2 days, weekend or not, from a company that is sitting on $35k of my goods that they're contractually obligated to have already delivered to me.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:54:59


The deal was the pay the market rate for the bitcoins at the moment of their delivery, which is most certainly not the deal he got.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:14:58
The transaction itself is definitely legitimate. Whether it actually bought a Lambo, or something else worth ~200k USD, who knows.
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:07:17


It's an interesting theory, but I also find it unlikely that the Fed would devote any significant resources to creating or promoting a currency with no possible mechanism for central control or regulation. Sure, they could make a decent chunk of change by hoarding some of the earliest mined bitcoin, but what's the long term goal?
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:39:22


Even if the contract doesn't specify any kind of bound on the time of delivery (which I would find very surprising), the contract is still clearly void as they failed to charge the market value at the time of delivery as they were contractually obligated to.


I imagine the OP is also not too happy at all at being fucked out of a potential ~10k USD through breach of contract.
