@_author: dbrowny
@_date: 2018-01-06 17:41:52


Consider this;
Is the Greek government responsible for the citizens refusing to pay taxes and retiring at 40 and causing that crisis, if it was the citizens who voted the idiots into power?
@_date: 2018-01-03 16:11:58
I wonder if I can get an answer to all of these questions...
1) Why did he not mention once in this whitepaper the possibility for bitcoin to be hacked, like with Mt Gox etc and that recent exchange that lost $70M?
2) Does this mean that its not the system which can be hacked, but its in fact 100% the fault of the exchanges?
3) Since exchanges are needed for bitcoin to operate, why did he not mention methods that exchanges could use to prevent themselves getting hacked?
I just don't understand why he talks so casually about it being immune to all sorts of negative things and its unhackable yet he somehow missed the part where you need to introduce hackable elements into the system for it to operate. To me, it seems grossly negligent at best. He knew exchanges would need to exist and he knew they were hackable. Failing to mention that is not really excusable in something as high level as this.
TBH I think those were inside jobs and not brute force hacks or anything like that, but the point remains.
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:38:16
I lost a friend when I claimed that coinbase is engaged in insider trading over a month ago and he got extremely angry at me.
I wonder if I am proven right, will he apologise.
@_date: 2018-01-21 07:00:28
This is where you ask yourself;
"Did Tether receive $500M in new buy orders during the January 15 crash while literally everything else was facing mass sell offs?"
Or did they print $500M worth of tethers to offset all those losses.
That graph is absolutely damning and a lot of you shouldn't dismiss it lightly.
@_date: 2018-01-04 14:16:55
I never said they were a failure of bitcoin, its always been a failure of those who control the exchanges.
My point was that human failures are not unknown factors; Satoshi was perfectly well aware that humans are greedy and crime exists. He knew for a fact that his proposed system had no way of being implemented in the mainstream without methods to exchange bitcoins for cash, other coins and everything else. He also knew that such systems must be operated by humans, therefore leaving his project open to attacks from the inside.
I honestly don't see why people are so aggressively defending Satoshi on this particular matter. Why can't people admit that the guy might have been a genius, but it is possible for people to make mistakes. 
Still though, no one is answering why the exchanges apparently don't need to exist. There's countless stories of coinbase and bitrex and everything else being complete shit companies while others on this forum say that exchanges don't need to exist at all and bitcoin can thrive without them. So why don't you all vote with your wallet, tell these companies to get lost and avoid their problems?
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:35:28
Do you trust yourself more than random internet strangers?
If the answer is no, then you have bigger issues in life you need to deal with.
@_date: 2018-01-04 05:21:59
Right you're completely missing the point.
Jewellery makers aren't releasing white papers when they open their business and handing it out to every customer explaining why their products are immune to being stolen. If you asked them, can this be mugged from me, they're going to say yes. Different with Satoshi who sells his idea and clearly states that it is basically unhackable which is not exactly true.
You can't seriously think that bitcoin could exist without exchanges... Remember, the goal of bitcoin was to become mainstream. I'm fairly sure no where in the whitepaper did Satoshi say 'in the future, every household will have a high-end PC dedicated to mining bitcoins.' What chance would bitcoin ever have of becoming mainstream if average person is getting hit with fees on every single transaction, fees which they can never recover because they aren't mining?
So tell me then, if exchanges are not a necessity, why are pump and dump schemes even a thing? Why don't people all boycott the exchanges and make insider trading bullshit like that impossible and while they're at it, also make hacking impossible. You've got 2 major concerns to bitcoin that could be wiped out by abolishing exchanges, why don't people do it? Could it be because exchanges are required for bitcoin to operate in the mainstream?
@_date: 2018-01-03 16:31:28
But how could bitcoin exist without exchanges?
Whether or not he expected there to be all sorts of alt coins that people would change between is probably not relevant, but if people were to buy bitcoin in some sort of global market, surely this would involve money exchanges. He made it divisible by 10 million or whatever because he suspected it would be worth a huge amount, again which would facilitate the need for exchanges to hold such sums.
The human element is always the most dangerous thing and he would have known that. Without him stipulating exact guidelines on how various currencies could be exchanged for bitcoins it feels like he opened up a whole lot of risk without appropriately dealing with it. Is there even one exchange out there right now that is very trustworthy?
@_date: 2018-01-03 16:42:15


You're half way there to the right attitude.
If its not good that altcoins are getting big, and there's nothing you can do about it, then you need to find a way to make some 'good' out of it. That comes in your third sentence, where they may be more resilient and capable. If that's true, then that is your cue to take notes and be better than them. There is no other path to success.
I find there's way too much fanboyism against alt coins here. They have their upsides and their downsides. Too many people mock their downsides and completely ignore the upsides because 'lol shitcoins', even when these altcoins are making **considerable** ground against bitcoin.
If bitcoin fans don't like other coins and want to beat them, they have to be better at what they do well, not simply point out that they have less flaws because to many new buyers, they don't see the whole picture and don't exactly know what the downsides are. They see the very clear and obvious things like low fees.
@_date: 2017-12-30 04:51:08
I worked with someone in 2014 who was heavy into bitcoin mining. He was the most paranoid person I've ever met. His wife left him and took the kids while he was accusing everyone of being a spy or working with 'bikies' (organised crime in Australia) to steal his bitcoins.
I'd like to hope you are no where near that level, but paranoia over it is real.
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:00:40
Ironic that you have the top universities yet your public school system is the worst in the entire developed world.
Why can't any of these ivy-league educated people set about fixing that problem?
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:26:01


This is my major issue with bitcoin. I think it would be cool if crypto currencies were the main form of currency but the way that negative news is suppressed about it is really concerning. I've met way too many people who think bitcoin is amazing and have been investing in it for years yet have no idea what 'Mt Gox' was or who Ross Ulbricht is, why he's serving life in prison and his association to bitcoin. Like... how can people not know that? These things were national news when they happened yet apparently a lot of bitcoin fans have literally never heard of them. It's the equivalent of calling yourself a big fan of PC online multiplayer star wars games and someone says 'don't buy battlefront 2' and you respond with 'Why? Is it really buggy?'
I can't debate bitcoin with the people I know who invest in it because any criticisms I have of it are labelled a conspiracy. 2 weeks ago I said that there is organised crime profiting big time off cryptocurrencies by manipulating the value of bitcoin and I basically lost a friend who went off his face at me calling me a conspiracy theorist retard who should quit my job because apparently 'I'm a disgrace'. Then I see what coinbase being accused of insider trader today and its like 'yeah maybe that friend was worth losing.'
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:25:45
Seems like something AMD should have used as ammo against Intel?
In the age of people covering up webcams and iCloud nude photos being leaked... I'd imagine this would be something Intel should be suffering hard from.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:58:22


Do you have a source for that?
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:55:54
My brother recently bought a Ryzen chip and none of the people he asked about it brought up that point with Intel. Maybe we were all ignorant about it, but none of us saw that little tagline on the reviews for the Ryzen chip.
Western media suppresses a huge amount of news which manages to get out and explode, using that as a reason for why this isn't widely known isn't exactly valid especially since anything involving tech stuff will spread on the internet.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:32:56
Is this actually real though? I wanted to take a look at how OP reacted to movements over the past year but there is not a single post on anything regarding bitcoin at all by OP on any subreddit.
I'm struggling to believe this actually happened when someone comes out of nowhere with no post history, says they bought a house, then disappear again.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:54:04
What an absolutely idiotic article, the analogy to the orange and beef market is the dumbest thing I have ever read on a wiki page.
In that analogy, using the gold to purchase the oranges or beef makes sense because you know, the sellers of the oranges and beef actually ACCEPT gold. Big difference when you can't buy necessities with bitcoin because the only places that accept it are really niche and not needed to live at all.
Claiming that bitcoin is immune to deflation because gold can be used to by beef which is expires is a special kind of stupid.
@_date: 2018-03-26 14:19:27
OK so lets say in your ideal situation, this company and every company on earth starts accepting bitcoin.
You go to the register, they see you in your bitcoin shirt and hat.


"lol, actually spend my store of value? Fuck that, HODL to the moon."
@_date: 2018-02-05 09:12:43




When it is divisible to 8 decimal points, there are effectively 2,100,000,000,000,000 satoshis to be released. Or, enough so that every person on earth can have 300,000 satoshis.
I actually don't understand why bitcoin investors actually believe that there are only 21 million bitcoins when literally every single transaction ever made in the history of bitcoin, was done via satoshis. Do you buy a pizza and pay the delivery driver 0.0003 of your salary? No, you pay them in the smallest divisible amount of the money you have. Bitcoin is no different.
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:49:39
Someone explain this to me.
If one person held all the bitcoins in the world, it would be useless because it has no value. You could have all the [meme]coins ever invented, if you are the only person who trades it, it becomes meaningless since no other person can get any return out of it.
Things that are artificially made/sourced in a market without fair competition have value because of the demand for them. How scarce it is is explicitly NOT a factor. Diamonds are not rare at all, there is just a high demand for them and maximum profits are obtained at selling at a high price (prices are absolutely not subject to competition and demand).
The question I want to ask people, is why is demand for bitcoin so high? Who are the people out there paying for it? Is it as I fear, and the people who have the highest demand for it, are actually bitcoin miners themselves, thus in a feedback loop? If this is actually the case, I think there is a serious problem and bitcoin is 100% in a bubble. If you have a scheme where new entrants pay real money to get some [meme]coin and the only way to increase your share of [meme]coin is by encouraging other new entrants to pay more money to increase the value of your [meme]coin, this goes right the way to the top where the overall owner is filthy rich.
I'm making some stretches there but the points I make about who is dragging the price up has to be addressed and the answer absolutely can not be 'supply and demand' because supply is 100% not involved here (there are no competing sources), the demand is.
@_date: 2017-10-14 13:48:38
Sorry yeah on the second part I messed up, but isn't bitcoin being limited to a finite amount of 21 million? They aren't being released naturally are they?
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:39:58


Bitcoin isn't a market though. A market has multiple suppliers and multiple customers. Bitcoin has 1 supplier like with diamonds.
And your analogy of buying something yourself to drive the price up is very wrong. I'm not talking about individuals buying from themselves, I'm talking about those who stand to make a profit from an investment, buying from other investors. Its the makings of a ponzi scheme.
Observe house prices and retirees buying investment homes. You have someone with 2 houses selling one of them to someone with 2 houses themselves. The investor is going to have a lot more money and collateral than someone without a house, so they drive the price up by outbidding first-home buyers. The seller earns an inflated profit which they then use in another auction, buying from another retiree and outbidding the first home buyer with the excess profit from the first sale. Repeat forever and you now live in Sydney/Vancouver. That's not a wild scenario, its real life for tens of millions of people.
That's what I see with bitcoin, all the trading and selling is coming from people already in 'the game'. Someone has a lot of bitcoin, so they up their mining efforts to ultimately reduce the amount that all other players own since there is a finite amount. If bitcoin reaches a point where buying into it is unfeasible, the instant a negative trendline develops, no one is going to buy it at all and there will be mass sell off among those that have a lot. No one is going to sit around as their portfolio goes from $100k to $90k overnight which will trigger mass sell offs. This is distinctly difference to something like a house where houses will always have intrinsic value and can't drop too far. Bitcoin has no intrinsic value at all and can go to $0.
And that point will happen, the more bitcoin grows in value the less people can afford to buy into it. It seems to me like the only thing encouraging people to buy into it, thus increasing its value is the fact its going up. When that graph hits its peak and moves down I don't see how bitcoin can recover.
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:08:57


Through buying bitcoin? OK sure that sounds like a great idea. In fact, you can do it too!
I'll start up a cryptopcurrency which will use its tokens to create fusion power by decentralizing atomic ledgers and smart radioactive decay. Buy $1,000 of them and you will have created value!
What's the difference?
Hint: There's none.