@_author: dbveid
@_date: 2015-08-20 19:20:58
As BitcoinXT gets more support over 50%, then the Bitcoin Core devs will feel a lot of pressure to upgrade to 8MB blocks to reach consensus and avoid a 2 chain fork.  When this happens, confidence will soar, and the price will soar as well.
@_date: 2015-08-20 19:10:40
It might give them more power, but that will only be because the community votes to give them the power because they like the direction they are taking Bitcoin.  You fail to recognize that we the people have the check on their power, if they do not please us, we can revoke their power.  Much the same way that many are not pleased with Bitcoin Core staying at 1MB blocks, so they are choosing to give less power to Bitcoin Core, and more to BitcoinXT.  Seems healthy to me.
Decentralization is not an absolute thing.  There are many shades of decentralization.  There will always be centralized nodes within a decentralized network.  The key is to try to design and keep it so there is the most amount of centralized nodes making up the decentralized network.  We have Bitcoin Core and BitcoinXT, and any other fork people decide to make, which is good for decentralization.  Having only Bitcoin Core is too centralized.  We need choice for the community and checks and balances on power.  This is how America is designed as well, with checks and balances in the government that keep corruption and power in check.  You only see the problems we have today when the checks and balances are removed like in the sense of Executive Orders enacted dicatatorially by the President.
@_date: 2015-08-20 19:00:11
If you dont like BitcoinXT after they win and 8MB blocks are the norm, then create your own fork that eliminates Mike's inserts that you disagree with.  Or let Bitcoin Core change to 8MB blocks as well, and compete in a free market.  Let the community decide.  I think its great that we are having splits and deadlock, it is leading to further decentralization.  This type of network is really new, and we are seeing for the first time how the consensus mechanism will work for Bitcoin's evolution into the future.
@_date: 2015-08-20 21:39:32
Turns out when someone accept Bitcoin is spurs a lot of interest meaning many more people check the website to see if they do indeed accept Bitcoin.  But since most of them didn't want to donate it makes it look like a smaller % of people actually donated in total.  So the results are probably wrong, or the conclusion misguiding to say the least.