@_author: dbzer0
@_date: 2011-05-22 09:54:41
I think we're done here. You seem to be incapable of recognising that you own subjective evalutation of utility is not in any way objectivety quantifiable in a way that can be falsified and measured scientifically. Your theory is built around convincing individual humans with rhetoric that sounds intuitive. As long as this is all you can do, I will dismiss such a theory out of hand because it has as much validity as 17th century medicine.
And no, I won't agree that someone eating when they got hungry "improved their quality of life". This is not what "quality of life" is supposed to mean. This is yet another sample of rhetorical equivocations meant to simply prove your point.


There you go, you're doing it again. Instead of showing me why the example I posted wouldn't happen, you do a cop out by saying that it wouldn't happen if we assume that a vibrant market has formed. You assume yourself to correctness and this is really useless to the discussion.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:25:26
Well, certainly people will keep on buying the necessary stuff, but it will certainly be a disincentive for investing in future production no?
@_date: 2011-05-18 17:12:11


You mean interest? Interest happens, but it doesn't prove that time preferrence is correct. That is just conjecture.


Noo, it stems from humans not being rational beings but acting on biases, emotions, intuition and flawed instincts.
@_date: 2011-05-18 14:05:31
Don't just read the first comment. Second and third comments counter it.
@_date: 2011-05-21 17:03:18
Given that it's impossible to measure marginal utility then it's nonsensical to base the existence of time preference on "things of equal marginal utility". The only thing that measures marginal utility somewhat is money, and that measure shows us that people have a time preference for later just as well given equal amounts.
Sure, if you mentally "calculate" all the environmental variables so as to point that the marginal utility is "equal" and thus prove that the time preference for a specific marginal utility is on "now", you can theoretically make everything sounds plausible. But it's all a theoretical construct. You can't prove anything of what you suggest and just assert it because it sounds correct. It's not scientific at all and I am loathe to accept such an argument, given how flawed human edifices of pure logic are.
What we can empirically observe is that humans purchase various things, while others save money, and on occassion some pay in order to save money. You can't just declare what the motives of those purchases and savings are by asserting the premise of time preference because you're begging the question. First you need to prove time preference.


You're talking about something that defines all humans, not something that is likely a high percentage of a subgroup of humans might do.


The topic of the discussion is "Is Bitcoin a deflationary currency? *Won't it lead people to store their money rather than invest them in productive purposes?*". As such, my example is as relevant as the topic itself.
@_date: 2011-05-19 08:42:13
True, but it may be the case that bitcoin might exarcerbate the bad effects of markets more than other currencies.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:31:28


That's not empirically true. Time preference of humans changes regarding their situation and very often it's not rational.
@_date: 2011-05-21 09:33:16
You can't declare empirical observations about the nature of humans by "not needing evidence" this is not how science works, precicely because what seems intuitive, very often isn't.


Yes, but so what? You asked to see evidence that humans have a general time preference at all. 


Very often they will wait forever and  it isn't irrelevant at all. You're trying to ignore this because it makes your assumptions not very "general" at all.


Depends on how rich I am and thus how many other things I have to eat. As I said, our time preferences depend on our circumstances and are maleable. Of course poor starving people have a highter "now" time preference, but richer people have a higher "later" time preference. 
If I have enough money to buy a loaf of bread now and some left over, the money I have left over I might save for *later* purchases of bread. The fact itself that people save money for rainy days automatically disproves any general theory of time preference.


Quite a lot of assumptions of how humans act here. In fact, you seem to approach the debunked "homo economicus" model which claims to predict how humans would act in regards to money.  If there's a general time preference, then people would follow it, but since we can see that very often people value the "later" instead of the "now", such a time preference cannot be "general" at all.


We're not talking about consumption, we're talking about production. If I invest my money in a highly deflationary environment then the value of my products will be less than the money of the money I invested, had I kept them, therefore I will not invest, therefore production will grind to a halt.
@_date: 2011-05-21 21:38:30
Listen to yourself. "Marginal Utility is measured subjectively"? In what scale exactly? What kind of silly science is this?
You cannot extrapolate from your own personal experiences. You cannot declare scientific principles which affect all humans by the way you personally understand your subjective preferences. Your inductive reasoning might help you formulate a theory, but then you have to find a way to empirically test it and figure out its falsification.
You like to speak of your marginal utility as it is "above zero" or "below zero", as if you can somehow count it. You can't. The best you can do is monetary price and I've already shown you that this path won't give you the results you want to hear.
Your examples continue to declare the circumstances and claim that those circumstances are the default. If people are hungry, they eat. If people are not hungry, the don't eat. Which is the "default"? And why should I assume that the "general time preference" is the "now" of the hungry human and not the "later" of the satiated ones?


Humans do *what* now? How exactly does one "maximize" survival pray? Is there a scale? This is classic fetishism of economic concepts where you're trying to pidgeon hole basic human experiences so that they validate your pet theories. 
Humans eat when their physical discomfort forces them to. There is no economic insight to make there, anymore than there is one to "induce" from why humans take a crap.


The one where I mentioned that farmers will not invest in further productivity as their non-invested wealth will increase more by itself if they do not. 
The whole topic is to discuss what would happen if an economy runs on bitcoins. The argument "Well, markets always work so as long as it's a market it will find a way to work" is a cop out.
@_date: 2011-05-18 14:37:55
@_date: 2011-05-19 06:50:57
Time preference *of money* is about *money*, not consumables.
Even *if* we are talking about products, there's a lot of examples where people absolutely do WAIT to buy a new computer or a new loaf of bread until the prices go down.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:27:27
I don't think that simply rising value is a problem, but rather *rapidly* rising.
@_date: 2011-05-18 17:10:54


And I'd like to see some evidence that humans have any general time preference at all.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:39:44
I think so too, but then again, it might start rising rapidly in value once the pool of bitcoins stop expanding as well.
@_date: 2011-05-18 17:18:17


That happens because humans are impulsive and irrational in their purchases and not all computers are being bought for productive purposes.
Finally, the tech "deflation" is not strong enough to mean that the money you would invest in a reasonable computer would be less than the money you would produce by using it.
@_date: 2011-05-17 15:20:35
All the things you mention, would still be done as long as they are required. Why wouldn't they be? Do people grow inept if they don't have politicians telling them what to do?
@_date: 2011-05-21 12:33:03


Even then it isn't. If I''m not  hungry I have a different time preference for food than when I am hungry. Even that is circumstancial. And even if it wasn't, it would only be this way because you pick and choose the circumstances you wish and set them as the default.


Different than what? What you just explained shows that one can have a time preference for later.


Why not? If I want to put my money in a secure deposit which charges me for the security, then I am not spending now to have less for later.


I don't know how many times to say this. Repeating your premises does not make them true. You're just doing an argument from personal incredulity, or just repeating that time preference is right because time preference is right - obviously (for you).


I don't make general claims on how humans act. I posited an example where it makes sense to act in a specific way and therefore there's a high likelyhood that people will do so. 
I like how you just avoided addressing such a scenario though by saying that markers "just work" so nothing like this can happen. 
@_date: 2011-05-21 11:28:02
You insist in projecting your own assumptions on how humans act. This is not accurate or useful at all. There are many cases of humans who would avoid purchasing now so that they can purchase the same quality later, again, the saving money for a rainy day situation. In fact, people would be willing to avoid purchasing now in order to make sure that they can purchase a *lower* quantity later, if the situation calls for it. This proves that there is no "general time preference" and that time preference relies on circumstance.
All your examples, including this: 


prove that time preference is circumstancial.
Time preference can be "now", "later" or even "negative" ("not now, for less later") and this is why any economic theory assuming that time preference is always "now" is flawed.


yes, but unfortunately by that point, widespread famine may be in effect. If most farmers avoided buying/planting seeds in order to have more value in the latter period, then when that latter period comes, there will be no food. Sure, the value of food will skyrocket then and the economy will violently resync again, but the actual damage will not be avoided.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:38:45
The OP seemed reasonable until the last paragraph. Then he lost a lot of credibility


@_date: 2011-05-17 15:04:45
@_date: 2011-05-21 22:52:16


Which you cannot quantify in any way. Therefore you do not "measure" it.


This is homo economicus level bullshit.


Cheezus fucking christ. I am not stating anything else than empirical fact. I am not extrapolating to anything, unlike you who think you can prove the rules of interest by the fact that humans eat when they're hungry!


Yeah, you're a regular Einstein alright. Only you have provided nothing in the sense of empirical research or falsification. In short, you're nothing like Einstein.


When you can show me how you quantify "marginal utility" so that you can compare two values to see if they're equal, we can talk about you having a falsifiable theory. Until then, you have a theory that is built on nothing but air.
The fact that humans want to eat when they're hungry does not prove your economic edifices.


Stop replying to stuff without having an actual point to make. What you said now is completely irrelevant, even if you can word it in a way that makes sense. Note: The above doesn't, because "standard of living" and "quality of life" are completely subjective and you have no way of knowing if someone is indeed "maximizing" them.


We are discussing **if** a "vibrant market can emerge that will iron out the kinks" using the bitcoin currency. I posited an example showing that such a currency might cause systemic failure of such a market. From then on, you started talking about "vibrant markets ironing out kinks". I don't know why you did, I assumed it had something to do with the example I posited, but apparently it doesn't. So excuse me for being confused on why you brought it up in the first place instead of addressing my example.
@_date: 2013-07-27 15:31:28
anarcho-*anything* doesn't have centralized control by definition.
@_date: 2013-07-27 15:44:34
Not at all.
@_date: 2013-07-27 16:53:37
Good.Educate yourself then.
@_date: 2013-07-27 16:05:42
Have you read anything about anarchism or do you need me to educate you on 150 years of theory &amp; practice in reddit comments?
@_date: 2013-07-27 16:00:27
Only without capitalism and hierachies.
@_date: 2013-07-27 14:30:51


That does not mean what you think it does.