@_author: ddewdney
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:37:21
Chaffing is a huge issue indeed. Remember this: sweat or wet=chaff. 
I recommend Body Glide applied liberally in all places: armpits, inner thighs, in between buttocks, and on chodes, and also on feet. You might want to put some bandaids on your nipples too if you are wearing a shirt. You will slow down, I don't know what the weather will be like, but you want to be warm enough in evening. Put a light windbreaker in your Camelbak if there's room and grab a good sized gob of Body Glide and put it in a small Ziploc. I assume you have your food and pack drop-offs all setup? Socks? NO COTTON! STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM ANY COTTON AT ALL!
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:36:37
Hi There: 
I just want to qualify my advice a little bit (only sort of bragging): 
This past November, I completed 75 miles (80 miles with pit track) and over 330 obstacles to place 22nd overall in the world for the 2013 World's Toughest Mudder competition  
I also happen to be a bitcoin enthusiast/user/miner, which makes me double crazy. 
Anyway, I assume you are giving yourself 24 hours for this. 
If you are out of shape (above 30 pounds overweight given average height, or have another significant unhealthy factor) I hate to say it, but you may not make it. Good news is that if you are reasonably healthy, you should be able to make it with will power and the right strategy. 
First, stop thinking about this as a run, and start thinking about it as a quest if you haven't done so already. 
Now, the single most important piece of advice is to eat a lot. This is an eating contest, where you happen to be trying to get from point A to point B. 
It would really behoove you to try to get at least some consistent miles in before you attempt, if I assume you are 4 weeks out, you need to take at least 4-6 saturday/sundays and walk/run for as long you can (likely about 2-3 hours), eating the food that you plan to eat during your 50 miler. In between these weekend long runs, just rest, or do one or two short (&lt;5 mile jogs). Also incredibly important to knock down some water, carbs and protein DIRECTLY after any workout. Sleep as long as you can. Otherwise, you might get a metarsal fracture because your bones get broken down along with muscles. 
You will inevitably feel a lot of pain. You MUST know the difference between pain and injury. That one is pretty hard. You just have to be sensible about it. Better to arrive to the race underprepared than not at all. 
All pain goes away in 5-6 miles.
 
Rest if you think you have time for it. You should be able to if you hit 15 minute miles consistently. Do not run from the outset. Trot slowly, if you feel good enough, on the back-end.
Your body burns energy like fire under a boiling kettle. The matches to start it are the stored glycogen molecules (which you don;t have a lot of since you are not trained up), the wood is carbs, and in the kettle is stored fat on your body. Once you get the kettle boiling, it's great. That boiling kettle is incredibly efficient at helping you move (moreso than carbs by a sig. factor). But you need to routinely add wood in the form of carbs to keep that fire from going out and keep that kettle boiling. Eventually, you will have deficit (and run out of wood), because humans can't get in as many calories as they expend under constant and consistently long energy expenditure. What you have left with no wood is the matchsticks (glycogen in your liver). You can get a last spurt from this as long as you haven't dipped into it on the way. Once the matchsticks are gone, you will still be able to move, but this is the death march stage (you will not die) as you body converts muscle tissue very inefficiently to energy to keep your brain supplied. 
This is the fun part where you start to see and hear stuff. 
Remember to bring a headlamp also. 
Take it slow. 
Stretch here and there. 
Have fun!
Edit: Oh, right. Music. You will actually get tired of it after a while--and it makes you less in tune with your balance and body. I imagine it's good though here and there for motivation, but no better than food IMO--I just personally wouldn't have it on the whole time. Such a personal thing, but beat-driven stuff can give you a little boost sometimes. 
