@_author: ddhf
@_date: 2018-09-16 12:06:58
Has he seen it all? 
@_date: 2018-12-29 10:12:11
Yes that's because they retracted their (untrue) statements and issued public apologies. People are constantly trying to put words into his mouth to try and frame him as this big boogeyman. This is why he has to say "I didn't say that" so much. Just watch the Kathy Newman interview for examples. 
These people are trying to take him down and destroy him by misquoting him. If you're gonna step in to that ring then at least tell the truth otherwise be prepared to take some punches. 
Trying to destroy people's careers/get them fired etc through public shaming as being [something]'ist' is the preferred method of doing battle for some people. As long as their tactic is to try and silence people rather than engage in discourse then they will continue to get owned. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 11:28:02
He sued them for trying to destroy his career by saying untrue things about him.  Say what you want but if you call me a [insert slur] and put words in my mouth I didn't say either back them up or retract &amp; apologise or get sued bucko.  
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:00:27
This was publication of a confidential document pertaining to his clinical practice, even the regulatory body decided to keep it confidential until this guy got hold of it, published it on the Internet and tried to make a hit piece out of it. I wonder how the patient in question feels about that...
I'm all for free speech - but if you call me a nazi/racist/fascist/etc etc in order to try and destroy my career - of course I'll come after if you as long it's completely untrue and I will definitely win in court. 
Otherwise anyone could call anyone anything they like to discredit them and ruin their career - even if it was false. Let's say for example I found out you were a business competitor of mine and I wanted to get you shut down so I made up a load of stuff that wasn't true and published it on the Internet - what would you do?  
Anyway - this won't get resolved, I like JBP, I like his material and find it helpful and useful' I don't agree with everything he says but I'm very familiar with his material, enough so to know when he's being misquoted. 
I also know that arguing with someone who is anti him is 100% pointless (conversely you could say the same about me). 
@_date: 2018-12-29 15:18:10
Article this is about - 
"Before he did, in the months when his old and new lives overlapped, one patient believes he did her more harm than good. Because of this, Samantha filed a misconduct complaint with the CPO that led to the regulatory body expressing “concerns” over a number of Peterson’s practices."
"Because the CPO’s Inquiries, Complaints, and Reports Committee chose not to refer the complaint to the Discipline Committee for a full hearing into whether professional misconduct had occurred — opting to instead resolve the matter by providing Peterson with advice and obtaining certain undertakings from him — the substance of the matter was kept confidential.
But CANADALAND has obtained the full 18-page decision by a three-person panel of the CPO’s Inquiries, Complaints, and Reports Committee, a document that comes to the following conclusion:
“After reviewing the investigation materials, including copies of Dr. Peterson’s email correspondence with [Samantha], the Panel formed concerns regarding Dr. Peterson’s use of email in general in communicating with [Samantha]. The Panel believed that its concerns regarding Dr. Peterson’s email communications could be characterized more broadly as either an issue regarding the quality of services, or as an issue regarding boundaries with clients.”
Upon reviewing Peterson’s clinical notes from his sessions with Samantha, the panel concluded that she did benefit from his services in a number of ways. Samantha, however, feels differently.
Taken as a whole, the document suggests a portrait of Peterson as a professional struggling to manage competing interests — raising concerns about the quality of his care, his respect for patients’ boundaries, and his safeguarding of patients’ privacy — during a period when his life rapidly changed."
So a patient complained that his new public life affected her treatment, it was investigated by a regulatory body - they found him not guilty of professional misconduct, decided to keep the whole thing confidential until this guy in the tweet got hold of it and published on the Internet as part of a desperate and pathetic hit piece. 
And Peterson HASN'T sued him (yet). Next!....