@_author: ddin73
@_date: 2017-05-27 17:36:33
Fair enough. Although there are plenty of successful TA traders as it does "work". I disagree on why they should be rarely if ever wrong. I know people with a 30-40% win rate but are (very) profitable on their winners. 
I get that a lot of fundamental investors don't like short term TA traders and need to bash them but they will still make money using charts alone. It's quite a common thread amongst the Buffet crowd.
Go to any institutional trade floor and you will see a lot of charts. How do you manage your positions? Do you scale in and out? If so do you use just fundies for those decisions as well? 
My take on it all is from one of the guys interviewed in Market Wizards (can't remember which one). He said the best traders use both fundamental and technical analysis. But he is a trader which I'm guessing is a dirty word?
@_date: 2017-05-27 18:31:16


100% agreed! They are an edge and nothing more in the toxic shark infested sludge that are financial markets...  
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:10:25
The daily chart is still green, wouldn't surprise me if it corrected some more seeing as it's been a bit parabolic these last few days. Could be more of a dip to buy if it pulls back to moving averages (daily - 20/50 EMA) nothing extraordinary even in a strong trend. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:39:04
I think there was a lot of exuberant buying with a lot of people getting on board as it was rocketing up - a lot of 'retail' (that's Joe public as opposed to institutional) interest and money has flowed in probably with the help of some institutional buying as well to help fuel the stampede. Then when it reached a certain level the big money players cashed out causing a flash crash which then fuelled a panic selling stampede we might be seeing now. Wouldn't surprise me at all to see how they could manipulate and fleece the 'dumb money' (their term not mine) retailers the way they do day in and day out in other markets. 
Forgive my apparent ignorance but with the blockchain are we not able to see exactly who has bought/sold how much and when? 
This reminds me of when everyone (retailers) thought (with the help of exuberant MSM) gold was going to $2k in 2011 and piled in for their sure thing free money then got margin called (myself included) bigly... 
Big money loves to manipulate the 'doctors and dentists' dumb money retailers through fear/greed/fear of missing out, get them balls deep into a 'sure thing' trend then when they're all in take out all the stops and margin calls and swipe all the money off the table. This happens all the time in FX/commodities/stocks.  
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:14:33
What method do you use to make investing decisions? 
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:06:29
Is anyone short? 
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:03:45
This isn't a corrective pullback it's a counter trend impulsive move. A corrective pullback plods along without much momentum. The momentum of this down move is pretty solid. Not predicting the future or questioning the idea of holding out for the long term but if you're in this with short term money you can't afford to lose I'd start thinking about your strategy and learning about some chart patterns and how they tend to play out. 
Obviously if you're holding for the LT you can ride this out, but short term if anything we got some big volatility happening
@_date: 2017-05-27 18:01:11
It's all gambling which isn't a bad thing. Even long term stock investing and putting money into ventures - it is all gambling. 
TA works in trends, ranges and even messy corrective moves if you practice it enough. It just takes a long time and a lot of practice and pattern recognition as well as patience, discipline (money management), resilience and a probability mindset similar to a professional gambler. I actually play online poker to train my probability mindset so I don't get married to my trading ideas. 
I agree that there is a lot of snake oil out there and a lot of dumb money looking to get rich quick but this isn't just in trading. 
I don't see gambling as a dirty word - especially when it comes to financial speculation. Anyway  I've had this debate (TA vs fundamental) before and I know that it never ends so happy to let bygones be bygones  hence comment about good traders using both, ie - using FA to generate ideas and TA to execute entries, scaling in/out trailing stops and taking profits etc. 
I believe that people are wired differently and some are more visual, some can analyse numbers, some can spot a good company/idea with potential. None of them are 'right or wrong' and none of their methods can be dismissed as effective/ineffective. There are people making good money in all of them. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:10:56
Fibonacci retracements and extensions are used a lot on technical analysis on all financial instruments. They don't always play out but do quite often. She called the top using Fibonacci extensions based on the previous wave. So wave 1 is up - followed by a down wave (wave 2), then calculating a Fibonacci extension of wave 1 (eg 161%) you can speculate as to where the next up wave (wave 3) *might* finish. 
With Elliot wave a key concept is between impulsive (big high momentum moves in a single direction) waves and corrective (more sluggish pullback type moves with less momentum and overall direction) waves. In a trend waves 1/3/5 are the impulse 'with trend' waves and 2/4 are the corrective 'counter trend' waves. This is a complex subject that took me a while to get my head around - especially when you combine it with Fib retracements and extensions...   