@_author: ddoomus
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:38:59
My thoughts exactly when I read the title. Your answer is correct, and appreciated.
@_date: 2017-08-25 13:08:41
Take a look at the [developer mining docs]( This is geared toward developers, but it's thorough and accurate information.
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:11:23
Bitcoin is primarily pump only, at least in this sub, no dump.
As for other cryptos, 95%+ are a complete gamble you can probably try to pump and dump but you'll probably gain more just by buying and hodling BTC.
I'm a crypto-believer though, I think there are going to be multiple winners in the crypto-space that serve various important markets. Monero, Ethereum, Bitcoin are all winners until something better replaces them.
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:56:37
If this really looks like it's going to happen, we'll have pretty good fore-warning, (as will every other banking and encryption industry at risk of "cracking"). It's interesting to think about, but I don't think it's a real risk.
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:27:21
(1) Electrum is a good wallet
(2) Electrum (and all wallets) has a receiving addresses, from Coinbase, you'll go to the account / transfer page and do a "send" to your Electrum receiving address.
(3) Yes and no. If your BTC was in Coinbase as of August 1 IIRC, then you'll get a credit from Coinbase at some point down the road for an equal amount of BCH. Since they held the coins at that time though, they're the ones that have to get the BCH. Thankfully they've said that they will distribute it eventually.
(4) I'm not sure I understand your question. In order to "receive BCH" you have to receive via an address on BCH chain, this doesn't have anything to do with BTC at this point.
(4.1) Maybe you're referring to BTC holders who hold their coins with Coinbase. In this case, anyone with BTC in their account at the time of the 2X fork will receive an equal number of B2X coins from Coinbase. This fork has nothing to do with BCH and any BCH holding / crediting / etc is 100% irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:27:57
Thanks for the post. I have a question,




Who's agreeing to do the implementation if no competent devs are there? I'm not being snarky I'm genuinely wondering who's maintaining this version if none of Core is onboard. Will "they" (who, by the way, NYA attendees?) be hiring developers to implement the 2X fork?
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:17:43


I think there's a major difference. Miners and Exchanges are companies interested in maximizing profits. Miners will (and have) switched between networks to mine the most profitable. I'm not saying this as a criticism in any way, it's just a fact that they're not beholden to the technology or its purpose in any way they are there to earn money. Again, this isn't a criticism I'm perfectly happy for them to do so. However, it does mean that any proposal that comes along which increases mining profits will get their stamp of approval, if it means the chain would die in a year they really couldn't care less, there are other chains to mine. Exchanges are similar, they're going to exchange what people are interested and take a commission off the top. They really could care less whether they're exchanging bitcoin or bean-coin or banana-coin, wherever there's interest and money to be made they'll do it. Again, not a criticism, it's just the way things work.
  
  
Core on the other hand are individuals who obviously support the intent of the technology and want success of this specific chain. They're not core on BCC or banana-coin (some of them may be, that's beside the point), but they have chosen to read and understand and contribute without a fantastic (at least not as fantastic as an exchange or mining operation) financial reward.  
  
I think if you disagree that there is a DRASTIC difference between miners / exchanges  and core from a motivation perspective you're being entirely disingenuous.


I don't necessarily. But I do trust that they have the system / chain / technology's best interest in mind. If they didn't they'd contribute to something else. I also trust source code. I haven't actually looked at it (yet), but I've read quite a bit of the docs on the core website getting an understanding of the existing consensus rules. I don't trust "core" as some central power, but I do trust that when I'm ready to contribute that I'm interacting with people who are genuinely interested in bitcoin and its success.
  
  
Bitcoin definitely isn't a failed experiment. That's not to say that it ultimately won't fail. But what is your metric of success then? Bitcoin is a household name, has a huge and growing following, is very valuable monetarily and as a real tradable asset. etc. etc. not failed by any means.
  
  
I've upvoted you for your response, I do appreciate that you took the time. You sound pretty nihilistic about it, and from what I can tell it's because there's an "entity leading". What would it look like for there to be no entity leading? I ask because I think there really is no entity leading. There is "core" who you've decided to give the title of "entity", but what makes them an entity? Because you can group them together under the umbrella of "those who have contributed?" See what I'm getting at? What possible implementation could exist without some set of people who have contributed? Regardless of who the members are of that group, we could bundle them up and call them the "leading entity" and suggest that it's a lost cause because "they" control it. It's the same as Wikipedia, you think it's open and democratic, but do you realize that you have to have an account and get your edits approved by "the man"? Yeah, you think Wikipedia is open but really it's controlled by "the entity" of contributors. Come on, either way too nihilistic, or disingenuous.
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:20:48


I just picture someone typing with two fingers:
    static size_t OUTPUT_SIZE = 5G;
  
  
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:12:43
Interesting. I had heard that it wouldn't be implementing replay protection, but didn't realize this implication. I get that it's a lower barrier to entry for bitcoin users. If it does occur and take-over as the dominant chain, I guess we can just (and only) hope that it stays decentralized enough to not be abused to the point of worthlessness.  
  
  
Even if that happens though, I still imagine some set of us will still be running core, which can take back over again.
@_date: 2017-09-25 15:18:36
Your points are perfectly valid. However, to nudge the market to see the benefits of accepting bitcoin there is value to making less-than-optimal bitcoin purchases as a consumer. It will help other vendors see "hey, company X accepted $N00,000 worth of bitcoin payments and paid zero in credit card transaction fees" etc. It definitely helps the viability of the currency as a whole to be making payments using it despite the consumer (us) not receiving the maximum potential benefit.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:06:33
I've tried going through your comment and replying bit by bit, but it's been difficult. Your comment is extremely pretentious.


You sound like you don't believe everything will be fine, you sound like you really believe it's a failed project.


What truth? The truth that bitcoin is over? What are you even doing here then? Did you liquidate your bitcoins on this opinion? (I doubt it)


"any trust"? if we use the software without going through it line-by line, if you have EVER bought or sold on an exchange, if you have used ANY wallet software you didn't write, you're placing your trust there. This is necessary. Don't try to tell me you've read and understand every line of code, if you've used it, you trusted Core. Isn't that what you're decrying?
  
  


I recognize that if you group people by their profession they're part of a group, sure. I also recognize welder's who've lost an eye as an "entity", the entity which is made up by their occupation, plus an unfortunate condition. They are distinct and exist independently from everyone else by those to categorizations. Just because people have things in common doesn't imply collusion or group-think on its own.
  
  


  
  
For the record, I've scoured the internet (primarily reddit and twitter) for opinions on Segwit2X trying to understand its implications, the pros, the cons, etc, I know you've characterized a "media entity", but you haven't specifically identified it, is it all of twitter, all of reddit (including yourself since a bit of my information is coming from you personally), letters from exchanges and miners about why they're supporting 2X? Is this all included in the media entity which controls me and the "user base"? My opinion is not based on what I've been told to believe, it's based on my best understanding of Segwit2X and the actors who are proponents and those who are the opposition. Admittedly, I give more weight to Core because I believe, and would still argue, they have a deeper more vested interest in Bitcoin and the nuances of its utilization of the blockchain than exchanges and miners.
@_date: 2017-10-06 20:06:43
I understand your enthusiasm. I have a shift card also, and have used it a couple times. But in reality it's pretty gimmicky.
  
  
  
(1) Still processed by VISA, vendors are still paying CC tx fees (not blockchain fees, regular credit card processing fees to VISA).
  
  
  
(2) When you use the shift card, nothing in the Bitcoin world, nothing on the blockchain is occurring. You have an effective "bank account" with Coinbase, with a balance, and you're charging purchases to that balance. This is *exactly* what a vanilla debit card does.  
  
  


  
  
  
This is a much better "bitcoin support" voice. And making bitcoin payments on the chain shows a lot more support for the tech / movement than using a debit card which transacts on the current banking technology.
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:24:57
I'll sell you .002 btc for only $25! PM me. In fact, I'll sell you as much btc as you want to buy at that price!
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:35:39
bad bot  
  
Language is for communication. No one was confused and thought I genuinely meant that the miners had some care, but were capable of less. This is an extremely common phrase and it adequately communicates the sentiment I was attempting to convey. Please don't correct me on technicalities.
@_date: 2017-06-14 15:59:35
You'd swap out transactions for higher fee transactions if they came in though, right? Wouldn't it be worthwhile to keep an eye on incoming transactions and only include those with the highest fees? Especially since the merkle root calculation is completely trivial compared to proof of work this seems like it would definitely be standard procedure.
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:36:08
Right, thanks.
@_date: 2017-06-14 15:59:50
Right, of course the proof-of-work makes the merkle root calculation completely inconsequential but I wanted to make sure that I wasn't misunderstanding how / when merkle root was calculated.