@_author: ddrager
@_date: 2012-10-10 00:28:36
You can check debug.log. But honestly, I would remove the .bitcoin folder, and get a fresh install working. Let it sync up with the network, then replace wallet.dat. 
@_date: 2012-10-10 00:26:24
* Backup wallet.dat. For MacOSX it is in: ~/Library/Application Support/Bitcoin/
* Make sure you really backed up this file. 
* Remove this directory or move to Bitcoin.bak or similar. 
* Start the bitcoin client again. It will recreate the files in this directory. 
* Shut down bitcoin client. 
* Replace the new wallet.dat with the one you backed up.
* Start bitcoin client again. It will recognize your wallet and re-download the chain from the start.
@_date: 2012-07-17 13:26:21
I tried to sell an item via Bitmit with 0 interest (I also advertized the item outsideof Bitmit). I just don't think there is enough traffic on there to sell niche items, unlike eBay where anything can sell. 
@_date: 2012-02-01 03:38:33
I think (hope) this becomes standard, it would certainly make it easier to know much you're spending. 
@_date: 2011-06-17 19:36:22
Well, here's to rumors, then!
@_date: 2011-06-17 12:44:24
This is a very true description of the reason why Bitcoin will not take off (as of yet).  
From a backup perspective, people say "your hard drive crashing and you losing all of your money is just like if you keep your cash in your house and your house burns down". The problem here is that your hard drive crashing is much more likely from a statistical standpoint than your home burning down. Tech like me have been pushing joe llama to do backups for years and haven't gotten anywhere significant, so I don't know why that would change.
Similarly, they say that theft of wallet.dat is similar to someone breaking into your home and stealing all of your cash. With your home, you (usually) only have to worry about the residents in your local area, and a select few of them, rather than cyber-criminals halfway across the world. Bitcoins have low adoption at this point so there is no real target. Now imagine if they DO have some sort of long-term value, and now think of every computer you know of that has been infected with spyware, and that is how many people that will have been opened to bitcoin theft. 
Anyway, **there are some major problems to address with the BitCoin model. I'm still sold on it, from a model, mathematical and economic perspective; but I think it still has some practical considerations to work out before being widely adopted.**
There is also a huge business potential out there. "Banks" are considered safe (whether they are or not is up for debate) and that is why people entrust their money to them. Any "startup" in the BitCoin Banking (BitBank?) has that trust hurdle to jump. I believe a big name, such as Google or PayPal might enter this space as a **BitBank** and will ultimately spur mainstream adoption. I know there has been some talk of Google allowing you to store Bitcoins in your a "Google Wallet" but I don't know how much truth there is to that rumor. This offloads the security risk somewhat and will also help in that regard.
@_date: 2011-07-21 10:23:00


Not true... I'm selling my car for BTC. Due to fluctuation in BTC exchange rates, there is more in inherent risk in doing this transaction in BTC. This is reflected in the market price. Plus it is OBO, so that lets people know they can offer me less, if they should be so inclined. 
If you are considering that someone just a few months ago someone may have  bought 1195 BTC for $8000USD, then this is a great deal. 
Your other points are well researched and great advice, thank you!
@_date: 2013-02-24 03:06:29
I generally concur with you, because I am actually for anonymity for the same reason. In fact, I work for the same reasons against the Silk Road drug stigma Bitcoin currently has. 
But, I can clearly tell you haven't seen the reality side from a web host. In general an insanely high number of customers try to get hosting for illicit reasons. Phishing sites, spam, bittorrent seeders, porn etc. These customers almost always hide their real identity and/or use stolen credit cards to get their hosting. Perhaps 30% of new sign ups fall under that category. With fraud verification you can really reduce that number drastically. 
Now with Bitcoin you can at least protect yourself from a financial perspective from charge backs and other fraud financially. But you are still going to have additional liability from my said reasons. Which means I either need to come up with a way to police the content on my servers, or charge extra for the overhead. Neither of which are very good options if you ask me. 
So let me put it this way. What is the benefit from the web hosts perspective to offer anonymous hosting, besides a possible financial gain if charging more than typical non-anon hosting? I want it to make sense but haven't been able to do so yet. 
@_date: 2013-07-19 17:47:59
I've also been on this list for a long time, I have seen some clicks and conversions from it. 
@_date: 2013-02-23 21:55:20
Serious question. I am currently running one of those web hosting providers on that list. However, my hosting is not anonymous and I require name, address etc and run typical fraud checks. 
I am considering running an 'anonymous' hosting service using different servers and brand name. However I am struggling with a few things. 
Why do you (or anyone) want anonymous hosting? Usually it is because you want to do something against the law. That means that I myself (my business) takes on some of that responsibility. If not legally due to being a service provider, maintaining a huge overhead of having LEOs contact me or responding to DMCA notifications. Worse yet, my servers getting confiscated. 
So essentially, its a pain in the butt. Would you be willing to pay 3, 4x for the privilege of it being anonymous hosting? I'm asking seriously because I am on the fence of launching an anonymous, legit hosting service. 