@_author: ddrussianinja
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:59:10
They don't trade LTC, they haven't been around as long so I have less confidence in their stability, I don't necessarily have a TON of faith in the business savvy of the Winklevoss Twins, and they don't have stop loss orders.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:27:44
The problem with pretty much all threads that try to influence this kind of thinking from the top down is that this isn't really how language works. If you try to "make" certain names happen, it's probably never going to happen. See also "Bitcoin Cash" vs. "Bcash". We can try to come up with a cool nomenclature that we like a lot, but it would probably be ignored or possibly parodied by culture at large, especially if it felt forced.
If we get to the point where BTC is exchanged as a *de facto* currency (which is obviously a long way off, but still the dream for a lot of people), the terms for varying amounts of BTC will probably be dictated by convenience, and that probably means simple words, simple concepts, and easy equivalence to USD. As much as I like the term "satoshi", I just really can't imagine everyday people using a term with that many syllables to discuss something so small, and I also don't expect them to use the term "sat", since that's a word that already exists and has no association with currency. Maybe "toshi" could work (I personally find that kind of catchy), but I wouldn't be surprised if most people just started calling "satoshis" "cents" for familiarity's sake.
I've generally agreed with the apparent consensus that if BTC were to seriously compete with the USD as a *de facto* currency, its value could rise to the point where one millionth of 1 BTC (or 1 µBTC) would be equivalent to $1 USD, and you could call that unit a "bit". Then if you had the example OP mentioned (0.0015441) you'd say "one-thousand five-hundred and forty-four bits and ten cents/toshis". Basically, laypeople could just move the decimal over by six, swap out "bit" for "dollar", and go from there.
Additionally, as a computer nerd, I like the idea of calling one thousand bits (0.001 BTC) a "kilobit" if we end up using "bit" as a baseline, since "millibit" sounds like it should be smaller than a "bit" and "milli-bitcoin" is more accurate, but takes too long to say. Plus, what layperson actually uses "kilobit" instead of "kilobyte" these days? That said, I sincerely doubt I'd be able to get that to catch on, much as I like it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:57:02


Only with the sort of people who see Bitcoin as a get-rich-quick scheme rather than something to research and invest wisely in, and those are the same sorts of people that would panic sell, thus increasing BTC's volatility. Growth created by people like that may help inflate a bubble, but it isn't sustainable. If that's the kind of growth BCH is after, they can have it. At this point, BTC benefits more from having a stable price than a high price.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:05:58
Credits will do fine.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:35:03
Hey, if it means I get to make a nice December windfall off of Roger Ver's ego, why complain? :)
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:44:51
I totally agree. Coinbase/GDAX activating BCH is great news for BTC supporters who had BTC in Coinbase/GDAX at the time of the fork. Roger Ver and his rich friends will pump up the price to capitalize on the news, I get to dump all the BCH I have for hundreds, and then put most (if not all) of that straight into BTC without fees (because GDAX).
In other words, Roger Ver will be overpaying me for something I put no work into, that will directly fund his main competitor, and then he'll still have to find someone else to sell his useless BCH to for whatever ridiculous price he tries to set. He'll fail, the price will fall, and he'll be out thousands (if not millions), most of which will probably be fed straight into his competition.
That's why I find it strange to see all these "boycott Coinbase/GDAX" posts. Sure, it's annoying that they dropped this out of nowhere, screwed up the rollout, and haven't activated SegWit yet, but they are giving BCH a fair shot in the market, and if it actually is as hollow and centralized as we greatly suspect it is, its failure ought to be inevitable, if not instantaneous. If it doesn't fail, it will only serve as further motivation for the Core team to keep focusing on long-term solutions for the scaling issues, and once they do, BCH will lose its one main selling point and lack the dev team necessary to innovate beyond that. Oh, and that will have the side benefit of making BTC look even more resilient than it already does.
Furthermore, if this DOES cause a massive dip in BTC... Good! That means a whole bunch of panicky, weak-willed people just looking for a get-rich-quick scheme will sell more of their BTC to us, probably at a loss.
If you're a HODLer, why care about what the price is today or tomorrow? What you ought to care about is what the price will be in a year or two (or twenty).
Coinbase is activating BCH because there was a demand for it, even if it was just from people like me who just want to be able to dump it and buy more BTC with it.
Instead of coordinating a Coinbase/GDAX boycott, HODLers who had some BTC in Coinbase or GDAX on August 1 should instead be coordinating a massive dump of all their BCH when the trading goes live in a few hours.
The goal shouldn't be to stop people from trading BCH. That's just fear talking. The goal should instead be to make as much money off of Roger Ver and his rabble as possible, and turn it against them.
@_date: 2017-11-17 11:47:36


I'm confused, what was politically incorrect about his comments?
@_date: 2018-03-21 02:01:25
And it was $900 fourteen months ago.