@_author: ddscout
@_date: 2014-06-15 22:31:00
Awesome! Can't wait. Although I have to say that I'm still waiting to actually use any BTC wallet because they're continually being upgraded with better features that I need.
It's almost like every wallet is still in beta but has been released anyway before all the key features have been added.
Right now the ones I'm watching are yours and Dark Wallet. Any intention of adding privacy features along the lines of Dark Wallet?
@_date: 2014-06-26 00:59:27
Just downloaded and scanned through it. Great job, and great to see you on the app store!
One thing I might suggest is to take a look at something like the Hive wallet as a gauge to try and simplify things maybe. Especially on Apple, apps need to be simple (not simplistic), easy to grasp and intuitive. This goes double for something like bitcoin where it's even more confusing to most.
So I would say go with the less-is-more approach and hide as much as is possible. Also, use plain, simple, recognizable language for what can't be hidden, and consolidate as many functions as possible.
If you're going for mass adoption I'd say to look at popular apps that people already use as a guide.
@_date: 2014-04-22 12:43:00
Whenever I read these articles and then scan the inevitable ignorant, BS anti-bitcoin comments, my first thought is that it should be mandatory for anyone who wants to write a derisive bitcoin remark to first explain what bitcoin is and how it works.
Once you prove that you understand what bitcoin is, then you can say whatever you want.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:48:52
I agree about mass adoption. However, I also agree with SingularityLoop. I need even more options/systems in place to make me feel truly OK with storing large sums with a 3rd party. User key management would be one big option. Another would be some sort of insurance fund in case of bankruptcy, or hacked or stolen funds.
I've also read enough horror stories of people losing funds from CB for various reasons, and their lack of customer service to make users whole, that I still don't trust CB in a meaningful way. So the 3rd thing I would need is rock solid customer support. Something I'm not seeing right now.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:17:34
* If I buy a card now and any upgrades are made will they make my card obsolete? Or will any updates such as adding BIP0038 only affect the app?
* If the app gets updated with better features (security or otherwise), but is pulled from the app store won't that affect my ability to use the card and your service?
* From a practical standpoint, many cards I carry will, over time, fade or details will be rubbed off. Is that an issue with your card if I want to carry it with me to use? I assume this is how the silver card is meant to be used.
@_date: 2014-05-14 01:31:49
Wow, that was a LOT better than I was expecting. A very calm an rational talk about bitcoin. Not your typical shout &amp; FUD fest with people talking over each other and trying to one-up each other. And Beck seemed genuinely curious and wanted to learn more about it. Very cool!
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:05:35
Except, don't ever photocopy anything sensitive apparently: 
Everything copied is stored on the copier HD and can very easily be stolen at a later date.
@_date: 2014-03-25 12:42:37
Yeah, this review seemed a little strange to me too for similar reasons.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:40:05
Or, here's a novel idea, how about they actually take the time to learn a little bit about what they're talking about before they regurgitate their "expert" knowledge of the economy, economics and the tired talking points and FUD they pick up from every MSM headline they read but have absolutely no understanding of.
Yeah, that would be awesome. That would be just great.
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:04:37
What if you travel for a living/a lot/are a PT/on a long vacation? Paper wallets are only good if you can access them, and there's no way I would carry paper wallets with me while traveling.
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:28:52
Question 1-6 seem creepy. Doesn't matter if there are laws that may make them ask. It's creepy to be interrogated about your money and what you want to do with it. As if you're being quizzed like a child to get permission.
@_date: 2014-04-17 21:11:33
I like the idea. I'd be curious to know how you intend to use them. Like all cold storage it's a one-time use thing. So do you intend to buy multiple cards to have them available for when you empty these?
@_date: 2014-03-23 12:58:04
Just to see if I understand, does this mean that each new transaction starts with a new nLockTime? So depending on how many transactions you have, you may have many different nLockTimes?
I would also definitely automate the renewal process. In fact, for the layman I would say that anything that can be automated, should be automated as long as it doesn't negatively affect security.
And one more thing, since you were talking about translation above, I would suggest that there should be a "Layman's" translation to the site as well. A lot of the jargon of bitcoin discourages the average person from diving in. So terms like input, output, nLockTime, multisig, etc. need to be translated into simple, common, everyday words and phrases that people know and understand.
@_date: 2014-06-26 13:18:42
Definitely would make the experience uniform across platforms.
And just some examples of things that could use a redesign/more thought:
- Receive Money: I don't understand what's on this page. What's a Bitcoin URI, or Permanent Payment URL, or Private Key in WIF Format? And if I'm receiving why am I entering an amount? Is someone else entering that? Do I need to enter the amount? Isn't the amount being given automatic when it arrives? Doesn't this page just need to show my public key (alphanumeric and/or QR code)?
- Sending: What does Instant Confirmation mean? Why wouldn't I use that? Sounds great, but don't know why it's an option.
- Address Book: Would be nice to have the option to make this like an ordinary contact list with names, pictures, address/contact info, etc. Maybe have a drop down for each person showing transaction history of amounts sent to and received from each person.
- Settings: There's a lot here. Is there any way to shorten or condense the options, at least in space if not content?
- Overall: I would make buttons larger for touch screens. Example: icons on the Address Book to edit or delete are way too small. Could easily hit delete instead of edit for a contact.
- Also, from a design standpoint the app still feels more like a website/page than an app.
- As a possible idea I would also consider maybe condensing the main options to (using large icons/buttons):
----- Send: Could incorporate address book since this is the only reason it's used?
----- Receive: Simplify &amp; explain options. Maybe make the options more visual? Not sure what the options are so not sure how to simplify them.
----- Account: balance, transactions history. Maybe also have the users account balance always displayed at the top of the screen?
Minor, or separated options:
----- Settings: gear icon
----- Logout
These are just my thoughts. Hope they help.
@_date: 2014-03-19 18:33:46
First, my annoyance is mostly with people who you would think would at least be open to the idea of bitcoin i.e., people who are already actively distrustful of banks, government, the financial system, the MSM, etc. For them, bitcoin seems like a no-brainer to at least look into and try to understand what it is. For no other reason than it aligns with their beliefs. Whether or not they embrace it is up to them.
Second, Libertarian-minded or not, people love to dismiss it with long rants of their "sage" economic and financial wisdom when it's clear they have no idea what they're talking about - So you've dismissed it as a "scam" but everything you've said screams that you don't even really know what bitcoin is, or how it works. It's like trying to convince someone that cars are awesome and incredibly useful and their reply is, "How can they be so great if they taste awful?". What are you even saying?!
So great, be skeptical, distrustful of bitcoin even. I was. I'm sure we all were. But how about if you don't know anything about it STFU? "Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt."
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:17:13
Not an expert, but it was my understanding that reusing addresses is bad practice, and am just curious to hear from Verso about their take on it.