@_author: de_logics
@_date: 2013-11-30 08:43:21
The popularity starts from the geeks -- they read.
The 'investors' then follow. They're 2) in 
But they're not stupid... it's just that they expertise in a different field, so they don't know.
@_date: 2013-12-07 03:15:56
You're just jealous that YOU did not premine it.
Bitcon is also premined.
@_date: 2013-11-30 05:30:06
Bitcoin has serious flaws in it -- 
Lost coins -- Recovery of lost coins. Limited coins will be lost forever cause people will always loose their coins and wallet..
Dedicated hardware -- Limit this mostly to CPU, so only full blown computers can compute it, and one doesn't have to buy special purpose hardware. The hardware will be useless otherwise and after all coins have been mined (or unless there are unlimited coins which can be generated via mining), the miner will actually throw it away or sell it to someone else (who may be a cracker who's accumulating firepower for bad mining). This is partially true for GPU hardware, but they have a gaming purpose apart from computational purpose, and probably the miners will themselves use it in gaming. So all in all, prefer 1) CPU only, 2) CPU &amp; GPU, 3) Special purpose hardware.
51% attacks -- With special purpose hardware made for bitcoin mining (stated above), this's very likely to happen in conjunction to less mining incentives. So be prepared to loose money if your Bitconis are that valuable.
Fast confirmation times -- like 5 minutes (50 seconds block). No on wants to wait for an hours or even more.
Quick difficulty change -- So a sudden powerful miner doesn't take a HUGE advantage mining too many coins. Must be every 3 hours at least. Bitcoin changes difficulty every 2016*10 minutes. How's that sensible?
So people here are basically asking to continue using CRT TVs/monitors over LCD cause it's old, established and probably made a cult of. No real advantages.
There are 100s of altcoins and all of these are better than Bitcoins; Quark is one of the top altcoins (check out the technicals yourself instead of listening to gibberish by others).
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:59:56
Quarks are not like other alts. Why do you think like that? Any single reason?
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:03:41
Now 4th.
@_date: 2013-12-01 04:15:52
Ok, so your average Windows/Mac computer has just 1 partition which's of 300-500GB according to you. 
That might be your case, but I think there are on average 4 partitions and the average C drive is only of 50GB (which fills up over time cause of Virus/spyware/anti-virus/malware and other Windows trash); Unix systems have even less space in the home directory.
The future will result in smaller and faster hard drives (SSD). Common users don't need that much of space.
Space is nothing of a concern. We have light weight wallets. Trimming techniques are already up via Merkle tree.
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:36:18
In the mean time 'scamcoin' is the 5th largest cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2013-11-30 05:43:28
Besides it's not a person who makes a scamcoin, it's people.
There are 2 kinds of people buying -- 
1) Who think the coin's technicals and marketing is good (like people in the stock market who do market research before buying stocks).
2) People who copy others and follow the herd mindlessly.
If a decentralized currency becomes pump and dump, it's cause of 2) cause they cannot predict the future and rely on these kind of videos for advice.
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:36:18


I don't think that answers the problem of lost coins. By lost coins I mean destroying the wallet. If it had 10,000,000 Bitcoins in it, it'll all be gone from the system. It's like destroying money. The lost coins will increase the prices (instability in prices -- not desired; this'll happen cause Bitcoins are more rare).






If the algorithm is complex, it'll need a LOT of R&amp;D, the hardware will be expensive and insanely hard to make. It'll require a well funded team which only large organizations can afford and that too cost recovery will be from mining + selling of hardware not just by mining or attacks (where the price of quarks will drop resulting in a loss of the cracker cause he has to exchange a lot of quarks in a small amount of time in order for it to be profitable). Quark uses 9 rounds of different hashing algorithms; on top of that 3 rounds apply random hashes. It'll take years to make such special purpose hardware; buying 8 Xeons and 2 server boards is cheaper. In contrast sha256 is way too simple and that's why making special hardware for was comparatively easy. How about an e.g. Scrypt (very much simpler than quark's algo but much more complex than sha256) is STILL missing on such hardware even after 2 years. Why? Such a special purpose hardware attack has never happened for sha256 and scrypt why do you think it'll happen for Quark who's algo is exponentially more difficult than Bitcoin's?
Almost all quarks have been mined already; how much more damage can be done by making these special purpose hardware? The lower intensives compared to Bitcoins will prevent people from making such special hardware, but will not avert mining completely so as to bring up a 51% attack.
Besides, Quarks changes difficulty quickly; instamine will be limited cause of that, unlike in Bitcions.
Even if such a hardware is made, then also people will like to have it around instead of selling it at scrap prices (like with the case of Bitcoins after block rewards are very low or all coins have been mined), cause mining is a continuous process in Quark and you'll always receive incentives for it.
What I said -- 




You responded -- 


The answer lies in what I said -- if people realize mining is not profitable anymore (or there's nothing to mine at all), they'll stop mining and start selling the hardware cheap which may result in attacks. I'm discussing 51% attacks here.
Besides, it does change the ratio of block rewards and cost to time, that's why GPU mining is no longer feasible with Bitcoins. It takes less electricity, and lower hardware cost/GH


What you're trying to say here is that if a transaction between customer and a client fails while it was unconfirmed, the third party network will initiate another transaction between them without permission of the customer; is that even possible? If it is, then both the customer and client will have register for another service; I'ld rather go for Visa.
5 minutes is good enough for point of sales, although it's desired to be faster. It's less than the time it takes to check a shopping cart.


There's no disadvantage of shorter block times, only advantages. You're saying that the overhead of each block (a few bytes -- the header) will sum up to higher network usage. You're insane. You don't know the ABC of technology. You better shut up and listen to technological elders.
Actually it's the opposite way around. Slower block times will mean each block contains more transaction (if you don't know bits and bytes -- let me tell you in a popular cryptocurrency, transactions form 99% part of the block), thus each block mined will be heavier and to broadcast that block requires a faster Internet connection. If mining that block took x hours, broadcasting it will take x/10 seconds. If block times where less, i.e. less transactions per block, mining will take the same x hours, but broadcasting will take x/1000 seconds instead; giving fair advantage to a verity of miners with a varying Internet connection.


How the heck do you isolate a single node in the Internet? Even if he has, the isolated node needs to have connection to a single (or 2 or 3) nodes all of which should be of the crackers. Why do you think is that even possible (except when your Windows system has been compromised)?
You're mad, you talk complete gibberish. Maybe you should quit using Windows.


All are advantages.


You're the same. You bought Bitcoins at lower prices and now trying to promote it -- you didin't know, it was a mistake.
I got another point -- No one wants to pay taxes or Bitcoin transaction fees. Quarks's 0.5% inflation will do away with that.
@_date: 2013-12-06 03:52:54


That's cause it's not a physical thing that can be used as an ornament or have an industrial applications
And as I said before, a Quark like model is better -- 






And everyone also know, knowing the total mount of coins and the time frame in which it'll be generated is not enough to predict it's future market value. There's dynamics -- the total coins in the system is always increasing + there's news. It's not simple for Bitcoins.
With this kind of inflation, who's going to hold this as a currency like in your wallet? It's an investment... it's pump and dump. First check the price, it if its high enough, then dump for $$$.
This kind of graph cannot be imagined for a cryptocurrency.


Initially the prices will drop, as seen with Quark and miners who mined it will sell it off which's going to help it distribute (it's said this's what happened with Quarks -- but no one provided evidence, so it's just a speculation as of the current time, but so is yours) and then the prices will stabilize as it'll be seen as a cryptocurrency, not a commodity.


That has been taken care off before --


		


		




I'm not sure about the architecture of ASIC miners to comment on that. It's not an ARM processor which can be made faster by simply by increasing the clock speed. Modern AMD and Intel processors are not 4xPentium/athlon 64  So an improvement in architecture does not necessarily mean faster speeds, it may have been done to reduce electricity consumption by half. Look at mobile processors for instance; they are more efficient than their Desktop (per Whetstone and dhrystone score) counterpart but slower.
We just may have a similar trend for ASIC miners. Same consumption in electricity less hashing power.




People always had choices -- they whould've chosen fossil fuels anytime (who's value will always increase); the reason why they didn't is cause the inflation of national currency is negligible for them cause they use the national currency to spend, rather than invest and hold.
You're making 0.5% a big deal. Suppose I hold 25000 Quarks in my wallet (most of my money being invested in a commodity, shares, mutual funds, bonds, insurance, banks etc...) for spending it online (I got it after selling commodity, shares, mutual funds, bonds, insurance, banks etc... ) within a years time, it's value will be like..... 24875 (at most); is that a really big deal when you want to spend it on buying things throughout the year? Besides, the money will be held by me for a month or 2 at most in reality cause Quarks is a cyryptocurrency, not a pump-and-dump commodity.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:36:59


Neither inflation nor deflation is good. By this you've admitted that people currently see Bitcoin (and alternatives) as a commodity (for geeks), not a cryptocurrency; this may give immediate advantages, but in the long run people will realize that's fluctuating prices is not good for a cryptocurrency; but that's not the same case with energy; people don't care about that even in the long run.
Actually if yous see for a fair cryptocurrency which is not seen as an investment, there should be a little bit inflation, cause that way people will not hold on to it like investment; instead they'll use it to buy investments like shares and gold -- which is something to be seen as an investment. For the same reason PoS is not something that good.
Bitcoins will have deflation for almost a decade to come (till all coins have been mined). Will people wait for 10 years for it's prices to stabilize? Or will they quit for their national currency? The prices will increase cause of it's popularity + lost coins, and decrease cause of mining activity; agreed these variables will stabilize it's prices for the decade while it's being mined, but there're just too many variables involved; it's like shares, there's a risk from what news comes about Bitcoins, and then there's the mining. If it's good news, mining will help stabilize prices, if it's bad then prices will crash faster than expected. Quarks on the other hand has a slight (negligible) inflation, which promotes it as a cryptocurrency (not commodity) and reduces variables for price prediction making it less of a commodity. Relative inflation is further reduced by lost coins + the fact that 1,000,000 will be less than 0.5% each year (cause no. of coins will increase slightly by each year).


With new hardware, mining efficiency will increase; the new miners of the new hardware will start accepting transactions of lower transaction fees making the old hardware redundant cause they take more electricity. They will be sold cheap cause of this reason (lower profit margins or even losses).
For an attacker, electricity cost is not of a concern, cause the attack time will be limited; he's going to earn money by making false transactions in blocks he mined.
Then you're hoping that people will pay more transaction fee; that may not be true. As I said before -- 








And if people of the developed nations realized that poor countries are not paying enough transaction fee, they may also reduce their transaction fee to provoke them to pay.
Transaction fee may end up killing bitcoin as a whole, cause there's Visa.


As stated before, there're only disadvantages of that, and it actually favors Quark -- 




Humm yes. But for quarks the transaction fee will be less; then what will people prefer? An alternative with less transaction fee or Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:19:13


Yes, true but we should try to stabilize it in the best possible way. For this, there must be a way to replenish the lost coins.


See, the reason why I didn't give that much emphasis on energy being waisted is cause people don't care about that much. Security and stability is more of concern.
Besides Bitcoin will also always expend energy cause mining is a continuous activity; how much energy depends on the competition and transaction fee across economies.
Quark will also go by mining, but limited mining, so many people will be turned off by the moderate rewards. So it wont be that much waisted energy.


This is where I stated my concern of special purpose hardware, who's low prices (cause they're used and useless now) can be exploited by a cracker -- 
The hardware will be useless otherwise and after all coins have been mined (or unless there are unlimited coins which can be generated via mining), the miner will actually throw it away or sell it to someone else (who may be a cracker who's accumulating firepower for bad mining). This is partially true for GPU hardware, but they have a gaming purpose apart from computational purpose, and probably the miners will themselves use it in gaming.


As I said -- 
No one wants to pay taxes or Bitcoin transaction fees. Quarks's 0.5% inflation will do away with that.
 Plus there's transaction fee also. In both the economies a good amount of transaction fee will ensure quick confirmation (cause miners may reject based on low transaction fee); the delay will vary in multiples of 30 seconds (quark block times) or 10 minutes. This again puts Quarks ahead cause you'll be delayed at best by 2 or 3 blocks which translates to 1 to 1.5 minutes for Quarks or 20 to 30 minutes for Bitcoins.
 
 Also higher transaction fee (compared to today) will make people avoid Bitcoin transactions and instead use their Visa/Mastercard cards.
Apart from that, what happens when you're using Bitcoins in low economy places like somewhere in Africa, South Asia &amp; America or many of the islands. The transaction fee will simply be too much for them to pay; they'll avoid using it. There's no guarantee that people will pay transaction fee in the first place putting the miners at risk. Right now you see good transaction fee cause most of Bitcoin economy is in developed nations where they can afford to pay the fee in the first place.
Coins per block will eventually have to die for Bitcoins. Bitcoin will see these questionable days later on, but things are starting to be stable for Quark right now (6 months).


Yes -- you can actually see this happening with x86; the more complex the less the no. of manufactures; but as I said -- 
If the algorithm is complex, it'll need a LOT of R&amp;D, the hardware will be expensive and insanely hard to make. It'll require a well funded team which only large organizations can afford
That means crooks (they're smaller than companies in manpower and money) wont be able to launch a surprise attack by making such hardware at home. Large organizations are not crooks (except when doing business). They prefer earning money by selling hardware instead of 51% attacks. Various sha256 hardware miner manufactures don't do that, why do you think this single larger organization will do a 51% attack? Their chances are further reduced by what I said earlier -- 
where the price of quarks will drop resulting in a loss of the cracker cause he has to exchange a lot of quarks in a small amount of time in order for it to be profitable


Even if it's centralized, 99% of Quarks have already be mined, how much more can the company earn? They rather sell the hardware.


For mining centralization, Bitcoins is still at risk cause it's mining and distribution process is still up. There's always a scope of a breakthrough miner.
Again as I said before (and like in all previous debates where people like you pop up only to be made mum) -- 
Almost all quarks have been mined already; how much more damage can be done by making these special purpose hardware? The lower intensives compared to Bitcoins will prevent people from making such special hardware, but will not avert mining completely so as to bring up a 51% attack.
So making the hardware is hard + it's expensive + it's not that profitable. So it's very unlikely anything like that is made.




This contradicts your point -- 


And second my point -- 
The hardware will be useless otherwise and after all coins have been mined (or unless there are unlimited coins which can be generated via mining), the miner will actually throw it away or sell it to someone else (who may be a cracker who's accumulating firepower for bad mining).
Cause you do admit that as incentives of BTC per block going down, miners will depend on transaction fee &amp; difficulty will go down.
As I said before, there's no guarantee that miners will get that kind of money. There's uncertainty unlike in Quark.


Ok, agreed. Reserve cryptocurrencies to large transaction or online transaction (for online services/ecommerce) where one can wait for 3 minutes (sorry -- not 5, it's 30 seconds block), but an hour is too much.






Look, I didn't know the Bitcoin wallet only prefers connecting to high speed networks or fast miners (neither I know how it figures out who's fast or who's slow) or physically close nodes or nodes with similar speed Internet connection. Isn't that like racism/sexism? According to you Bitcoin wallets create 'Bitcoin countries'...... cause again and again you're talking about 'centralization'. I really don't understand that.


Why will anyone do that? And how's the Bitcoin network not vulnerable to this as compared to Quark? Why wont I mine if I had a botnet?


If you prove me wrong, I'll sell my alts for Bitcoins.


Largest and the only one back when you bought them.


I can do the same. My alts have value, so have Quarks.
@_date: 2013-11-30 06:05:03
And how much storage does your average Windows C: drive or Unix home directory have? Servers run server software, not wallets.
This's a problem of all cryptocurrencies. We have lightweight wallets just for the purpose.
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:13:14


Very well for you if that's your opinion; but I think Gold, silver, stocks and Bitcoins can never replace currency cause they're commodities.
In that case pump and dump coins are also taken as commodities; so is Bitcoin.


You may be right. But that way we'll see Bitcoin's only application in the trading floor. It'll be useless in real life (actually it is useless, no practical applications), and useless as a currency.
As we talk, you can see the stable prices of Quarks -- It' between $0.2 and $0.25 for a few days now. It just accelerated to that price. In the mean time all other cryptocurrency values have been going up and down in an erratic way.


Why do you think any person (who's probably a layman unlike us both) who's buying any cryptocurrency even knows it's design, and how do you think he's going to predict all this? All he's going to see are the current prices and the current trend.


You said that previously -- 


People with new hardware will consume less electricity, thus more profit margins, so they can afford including low transaction fee.
0.0001 BTC is not good enough for someone who's mining Bitcoins via 1000s of CPUs. To give an extreme e.g.


That's just a speculation.




0.5% (actually it'll be less than than and reducing each year, as said before) is itself tiny. They recover the cost by low or no transaction fee.
Even real currency have an inflation problem and it's usually more than 0.5%. Actually it depends on the country. But do people have problem with that? So taking these into consideration, Quark resembles more of a real currency; but I guess that's not good according to you.
And as I said it has advantages (if you look at your crypto 'currency' as a real currency and not a commodity, but that's not with your case) -- 


Certain amount of inflation per year will ensure that the transaction fee is distributed among users (cause in the long run, and without inflation the users will mine for transaction fee, but if there's inflation, they'll mine for coins removing the uncertainty of transaction fee), thus the effective transaction fee will be negligible per user cause it's distributed among the large user base.
@_date: 2013-12-07 07:07:20


I said inflation is recommended -- 






I did -- 


		




That doesn't answer my question -- 


Also, what you're trying to say here is that increase in supply does not decrease the prices. This's the biggest proof of your understanding. You're just doing it for the Bitcoin cult. You've no idea of economics. You're just talking trash.
And this's a well published fact by the media that Bitcoin is seen more as a commodity.


What did I fail to prove?
What did you prove? You've no responses left. You're just moving the discussion round and round.
Besides I'm discussing for my understandings. I got new points to predict the success of cryptocurrencies.
I always give you detailed responses, you're trimming your replies down. It all started here -- 


That was just an excuse, you've nothing left to say.