@_author: deaconblues99
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:28:04
So somebody bartered 218 units of Internet pixie dust for a car, and the dealer was able to find a more or less immediate buyer for said pixie dust at a rate commensurate with the price of the vehicle, enabling an economic transfer.
Might as well do business in chickens.
If the story is accurate - meaning if the dealer didn't require the buyer to convert his Bitcoins to US dollars - then this is barter, pure and simple.  Had the dealer not been able to find a buyer *immediately* for the pixie dust, they would not have accepted it, since the volatility in the pixie dust market lately makes holding onto it for any significant length of time *extremely* risky.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:05:19
Conducting an electronic exchange with currency (e.g., Paypal) does not involve the "sale" of dollars.  It's an exchange.
The problem with barter (and that includes Bitcoin) is that you have to find someone willing to accept what you want to trade because they either have a need for it or can find someone else who needs it and will exchange with *them*.
The two parties must then agree upon an amount for exchange.
The party accepting the commodity in exchange for his / her goods or services must them convert the exchanged commodity (Bitcoins, chickens, whatever) into a form that he or she can use.  That involves finding a buyer or otherwise putting that commodity to use.
This is barter.  This is what *any* Bitcoin exchange amounts to, because anyone who is legitimately exchanging goods and services for payment in Bitcoins is converting them to stable currency as quickly as possible to avoid taking a bath on the exchange.
In contrast, dollars are simply exchanged.  Do the same exchange as above with currency, and all you have to do is hand someone the full amount of the sale price, and leave with the goods.  The person who made the sale doesn't have to find a purchaser for his / her dollars, because unless there's a catastrophic collapse of the monetary system in the next few days, those dollars can be exchanged tomorrow or two years from now for other goods and services.
I find it ironic that it's proponents of Bitcoin that are most likely to tell someone, "Learn some economics," but those same people don't have even a basic understanding of what economics is, and how exchange works in a barter economy.  If you / they did, then you'd understand that every single Bitcoin transaction being described is *textbook* barter.  Bitcoin is not a currency any more than chickens were a currency in 19th century rural Kentucky.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:48:12
What do you mean you don't accept Beanie Babies and comic books?  I have six hundred "Peanut the Elephant" dolls and forty five Spawn  in mint condition.  Gimme a Tesla!
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:23:34
I'll give you six chickens for that chip on your shoulder about your imaginary money.