@_author: deadm3ntellnotales
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:56:11
Interesting, I was unaware of that. Think tanks aren’t wrong for leaning whichever way they lean, I am merely trying to say that since those sources are both libertarian think tanks you’ve only provided one point of view. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 13:56:13
I don’t think you’ve fully thought out what you’re saying. To imply paper currency is just a few pieces of paper would also imply gold is just a dumb rock. What’s the difference in saying “this paper is worth X amount” and “this rock is worth X amount”?
INB4 “THEY ARE NOT ROCKS, THEY ARE MINERALS, MARIE!”
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:09:57
Get off the Libertarian subreddit and study any form of history or economics. “Free market” causes a boom and bust every 10 years, in an extremely unstable fashion. Every ten years, the capitalists fuck over every single laborer and then idiots like you say “Please sir, may I have some more?” 
Get off the American high horse of independent living and “pull yourself up by the boot straps” and analyze what works and what doesn’t. Clearly the US lacks in major development indexes because everything it tries to do has to go through the free market system, even if they end up getting HUGE government bail outs (re: car industry and banking.) 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:41:36
Don’t conflate coincidence with cause. The Fed rights the ship after major, private sector created, economic disasters occur. They do set interest rates etc but only in response to the economy. 
The ways government deals with them do work. We came back from Great Depression because of FDR’s policies and from the Great Recession because of Obama’s policies. These were all caused by private sector collapses (stock market, banking, housing).  Governmental entities don’t go through boom-bust cycles, they’re almost always the most reliable and steady services. If you have any evidence to the contrary please provide it. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:41:56
WHY ARE YOU YELLING?
Great, they paid it back! Thats not how crime and punishment work though. Their practices destroyed hundreds of thousands of retirement plans, got an even larger number of people fired, and sent us into the worst recession since 1929! And guess how many people got sentenced to spend time in jail? 1. Literally, just 1 person. 
If I steal your car but pay you back in 4 years (oh, with interest!) would that be okay? Of course not! So why is it different when a corporate entity commits a crime, except on an extremely larger scale? I have the answer! It’s in the sentence even! It’s because they’re a corporate entity!
The great irony being that “blind socialism” would be bailing out a bank that made billions off human suffering with tax payer money, not holding them accountable because they’re so closely intertwined with the government, and then saying “WOW THAT WORKED SO WELL OUR NEXT CRISIS HAS BEEN PREVENTED THANK YOU GOVERNMENT.”
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:22:17
I’m sorry, are you implying civilian firearms even have the slightest chance of stopping the government from doing whatever it wants? The same government that has access to the largest military in the world and has been shown to be unafraid to rack up civilian casualties? 
Yeah sure pal, your AR-15 is really going to come in reeeeeal handy when that armored personnel vehicle with a fully automatic turret and 6 Marines in body armor show up. Or maybe a tank will just level whatever building your in, or a predator drone will do the same honors, an Air Force strike would accomplish the same idea on a larger scale. Just make sure you die with that AR-15 so far up your ass your singing God Bless America in a falsetto so everyone knows what a good patriot you were. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 19:24:44
Fair point. This conversation opened my eyes a little. Don’t agree with it, but at least I understand your position a little better. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:31:45
Bitcoin was created by the government. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:12:32
Civilian arms are useless against the government. It’s a lie being sold by the NRA to sell guns. The very idea you could stop the government from taking away your guns has no basis in reality because even though the Taliban had automatic weapons and ballistics, they couldn’t keep their “liberties.” I don’t think any civilian arm can do that if machine guns and ballistics can’t. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 19:23:56
Sorry to assume you were supporting the wars, guess I missed the forest but saw the tree. Sadam had a government who was in power for an extended period, I dont think that means stable. Just powerful. 
But no. Never shot, don’t plan on ever buying a gun certainly. My hobby money goes into my video games and disc golf. Never hunted, live in an extremely low crime area. Why do you own one? 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:30:59
“The first workable prototype of the Internet came in the late 1960s with the creation of ARPANET, or the Advanced Research Projects Agency Network. Originally funded by the U.S. Department of Defense, ARPANET used packet switching to allow multiple computers to communicate on a single network.”
[source ]( 
I didn’t imply that, I just said they created it. The car would still exist without Henry Ford, doesn’t change the fact that he was the one who invented it. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:54:14
The reason people like you never won those wars is because you tried to kill your way to victory. Almost every lesson on counter insurgent tactics was ignored by the idiotic Bush government. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:10:23
I’m not seeing his direct endorsement of Stalin after reading the first two articles, if you can archive the National Review I’ll read that one but don’t want to give them clicks.
 Anti Cold War? Sure. Nuclear disarmament? You betcha. Heavy handed government intervention? Yep. Direct support for Stalin? Didn’t see it. 
To me it seemed more that Stalin endorsed him “as the candidate of peace” which might be where you’re confused on his endorsement of Stalin. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:28:53
 “Fucking terrible at everything” he says, sending me this message over the internet, a government funded creation. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:50:05
“So called financial crisis” what sort of crazy reality do you live in where it wasn’t a financial crisis? Is there any sources you can find who don’t think it was one? 
Also, do you have any sources on this love of Stalin you claim? He was anti Cold War and pro progressivism but I can’t find this love of Stalin you repeat like a parrot. Assuming you’re correct, if he was pro genocide, purges, and political murders he sounds very American to me considering that country has done all of that and more. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:24:53
My point being that academic papers go through peer review, unlike think tank publications. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:47:14
Uhhh we are talking about taking away liberties, yes? Taliban are living in the mountains and sanctioned to the point no company in the western alliance can deal with them. So that doesn’t sound like my idea of having liberties.
I’m pretty sure the Vietcong had US soldiers violate their 4A and 2A (no soldiers can be quartered). Also summarily executing civilians is probably against one of the amendments. Whoops, there goes their Bill of Rights.
You can “defend” yourself (if you consider hundreds of thousands of civilian casualties a defense) but you sure as hell won’t have any “liberties” or “rights” by the end of it. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:40:33
I have no problem with the National Review being on the right, I do believe that they stoke racism and nativism to advance their agenda, which I choose not to support.
I agree with you, he did seem to support communist policies. I believe he was naive because in the article he says:
“As I look back across my trip across Soviet Asia to China, I can see after reading accounts by former slave laborers who escaped from Siberia that I was altogether too much impressed by the show put on by high Russian officials.”
Either he’s very honest about his short coming or he was doing a little revisionist history. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:09:24
Please do a minimal amount of research. The issue is partly sub prime loans, yes, but the banks used a system to bundle sub prime loans together in a certain way so the bundle of sub prime loans would seem to be a more trustworthy prime loan (it was given an A rating instead of B-, even though it was made up of the B- loans, for example). The banks knew they could give out the sub prime loans, gin them up, and sell them at a higher price. They knowingly and willingly approved loans that people had no way of paying back, which is a terrible business model. That is, unless, you have a system in place to lie about their rating to make money off the loans.
I’m confused on your first point, in what way was there no suffering? People lost jobs and life savings. Not everyone lives in the ivory tower of the 1% where a recession hits the stock portfolio but you get to keep your job and house. You must have a cold cold heart if you can’t empathize with someone losing everything they have. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:27:21
“PEPE SILVIA PEPE SILVIA BUT THERE.IS.NO.PEPE.SILVIA!” 
For an unashamed conspiracy theorist, you seem pretty confident the US government wouldn’t fire bomb its citizens (look up MOVE in Philadelphia). You’re also fairly convinced the US wouldn’t use biological weapons on its citizens but they have given large populations of African Americans STIs without their knowledge for an “experiment” (look up Tuskegee Syphilis Study).
I might be feeding the flames of your distrust of US government but at least you’ll have an informed mistrust. By the way that 111 number seems pretty arbitrary. No members of the House? No state legislators? 
Also why assume every “faction” would be working in unison? If there’s anything the Middle East campaigns have taught us, it’s that a lot of rival groups pop up and even if they all want to overthrow the government, they want their specific government put in place. It’s not enough to overthrow, you need to replace and everyone has their own idea of what replace means. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:51:22
You’re so blinded by war I worry for you. Yes, you could have violated the Geneva Convention... oh wait there were war crimes committed by torturing POWs. Okay but at least you didn’t kill innocent civilians... oh wait Blackwater murdered 17 civilians at once. Well you didn’t do indiscriminate killing of civilians... aaaand I just remembered the military would kill the relatives of a terrorist just because they were traveling with them. Oh and a Doctors Without Borders hospital was hit with a drone strike. And a US citizen was killed extra judicially.
I’m not trying to imply you directly committed a war crime. But to say “we played fair and they didn’t” ignores the fundamental reason Iraq slipped to ISIS. The new government that Bush formed excluded anyone who was even in the same political party as Hussein. No country can be stable when there is only one party who can govern. And if you aren’t in that party, you’re going to form your own government because it’s literally impossible for you to be represented in the current structure. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:51:04
“Some would argue” can you provide any source? Or is this one of those Trumpisms? “I know it, you know it, everyone knows it.” 
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:00:30
I see the point, higher taxes amount to less money for the depressed. Interesting point, don’t know how accurate it is. However, and not saying this is a good or bad things, but both articles have me very skeptical because they come from admittedly Libertarian think tanks as opposed to non-bias academic research. 
Edit: Here’s part of the mission statement of Mises Institute “...while opposing government intervention as economically and socially destructive.” Seems like they had a forgone conclusion about the New Deal. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:04:49
And even then, they’ve usually waited so long that no consumer has the extra (or any) income to spend. This is what is so frustrating about people fighting against a higher wage.
Corporations currently have more cash in reserve than any time in history but have no incentive to develop/produce products if people don’t have the money to buy them. Higher wages = More money in people’s pocket = more money spent on goods = more net profit for a company = more product development = increased demand for labor = higher wages = more money in peoples pockets ad infinitum. 