@_author: deamiter
@_date: 2013-04-23 03:02:50
I agree reflexfelix.  When MtGox first went down, they mentioned the really high rate that they were getting account validation requests and new account requests as part of the reason.  I noticed a number of people were worried that all those validation requests were people trying to pull their money out of MtGox.
However, that doesn't explain why the large number of new accounts.  I suspect that tens of thousands of these new accounts are people trying to get their money INTO the market to make a quick buck trading.  I'm not sure this will have much effect on the success of bitcoin long-term, but I think it signals that there are millions of dollars of hot money still flowing into BTC that will drive volatility (along with well-funded manipulators) in the short term.
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:18:23
In hindsight, you would have made money, but what would you do if the Japanese government (or USA, whomever) shut down mtgox and seized their funds and you lost it all?
Or a hacker compromises your computer. Or you lose 80% in a laggy ddos attack...
You're risking money you can't afford to lose here and I always hate to see people get legitimately screwed in a risky bet on unregulated technology.
It's your money to risk as you like, but just keep in mind that there's no guarantee you'll ever get your money back out of bitcoin once you buy in.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:11:13
Isn't it solely stability that will influence what currency people 'think in'?  If bitcoin were the dominant method of transfer, but BTC still fluctuated 30% each month, it still wouldn't act as a good baseline.
While volume is likely to stabilize relative value, I think it is the stability that matters, not the extent of use.
@_date: 2013-04-23 02:51:16
This is really almost impossible.  Bitcoins are considered risky enough that companies like Paypal prevent their service from being used to purchase bitcoins.  It's been unfortunately common that people tried to use credit cards or Paypal to purchase bitcoins, then complained that they never recieved the bitcoins and had the charges reversed.  Because of this, you'll have a ton of trouble using any normal (and reversible) USD payment method to get bitcoins.
By far, your best bet is probably bitinstant.  You can pay cash at MoneyGram or Walmart and the money can be transferred to a bitcoin address or to bitcoin via email.  You can also transfer them directly to a MtGox account.  They've got significant fees (3.99% plus a ~2% moneygram fee) but they money arrives right away.
Another option is to try to get an account on the MtGox exchange validated by sending them a copy of your photo ID and utilities bill (for address verification).  They've got a 2+ week backlog on validations right now, though, so you'll probably have to eat some significant transaction fees to buy in in the short term.
Finally, if you can find someone you trust who owns bitcoins, you can purchase them directly.  localbitcoins.com can help to set up person to person transactions if you are comfortable dealing with strangers in your area directly.
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:59:23
That's cool.  Transactions are about as safe in bitcoin as with cash as long as you can avoid typos.
I don't know your history or understanding of bitcoin, and I just cringe to see so many new users chasing a quick buck in something they don't understand.  If that's not you, please accept my apologies for implying that you were making an unwise move.
@_date: 2013-04-23 02:37:52
Same happened to me.  The transaction was actually never initiated with my bank, so while I'd like to complain that they simply rejected the transaction when the bitcoin value increased, I don't think that's what happened.
Because they never initiated the transaction, it looks to me like they really are using some kind of algorithm to reject "suspicious" transactions.  They certainly didn't profit from this, so I'm a bit more inclined to believe their claims.
We both initiated transactions during a time when many DDOS attacks were happening (I tried to buy through them at $82). so I wonder if they consider purchases during a major service disruption to be suspicious.  I have to admit that that doesn't seem unreasonable to me, although I'm not going to deal with them again if they reject my money without an explanation.
@_date: 2013-04-23 03:07:23
He's just poking you for insinuating that BTC isn't "real" money.  On a site like Reddit, you're probably lucky he was kind enough to throw on the emoticon so you didn't take it the wrong way!  :-)
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:28:26
I think the tens of thousands of new accounts at mtgox is a big clue.  I think you're seeing millions of dollars of hot money pouring in chasing a quick buck.  I think you'll see it rush right back out next time bitcoin sees a sustained 75% drop in value to USD.
It'll be interesting to see what happens next time there's a major panic sell.
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:35:17
Yes, they're safer, tightly regulated, and they charge a huge percentage for their dated services.  Bitcoin is unregulated and cheap to transfer p2p but It's also not reversible so buyer beware.
There is a place for both systems.  One potential outcome may be that bitcoin declines in the face of true innovation and reduction in transaction fees for fiat currencies.  That wouldn't be so bad.
For bow, users are responsible for security and you have to trust people before you send bitcoins.  Just like cash really...
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:08:28
Wait, you're claiming that adding leverage in margin accounts on mtgox would REDUCE risk or volatility? 
@_date: 2013-04-23 03:17:14
I agree, but I suspect there are major legal problems with trying to buy an unregulated exchange like that.  For one thing, I wouldn't be surprised if the exchange itself were illegal in many jurisdictions (more baseless speculation!)
I think it's more likely that a company like Western Union might simply integrate bitcoins into their business model.  Because it's a decentralized currency, they don't gain much by purchasing an existing company.  They don't need IP and while the IT infrastructure is a bit different from their normal needs, it's hardly more difficult than securing their current currency transfers.
@_date: 2013-04-16 02:25:07
Unfortunately, I think you're right.  We live in a world where people take computers for granted, and when people tolerate occasional malware to avoid changing their internet surfing habits.
When you're effectively storing your money on your computer, malware can mean you lose everything on that computer.
I personally have a "more secure" machine that I use for banking and bitcoin, but I'm in a small minority and I have to admit, I'm not remotely certain my "secure" PC hasn't been compromised.
If I ever put a significant amount of money into bitcoins, I'll have to resurrect an old PC as an offline wallet.  That's not something I'd ever expect my mother to do.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:53:44
That's right.  Bitcoins transfer without fees.
@_date: 2013-04-23 02:41:19
Let us know if it goes through.  It'd be really interesting if three of us tried to buy near the bottom and got rejected.
On one hand, I'm annoyed to have missed the opportunity, but on the other hand, I guess I'm happy buying through coinbase to profit isn't open to the scum that have been DDOSing MtGox either.
@_date: 2013-07-15 20:35:55
I don't really care that the transaction can't be reversed, you got someone else's money due to a bug in their software, and the ethical thing to do is to return it!
That doesn't mean you have to, but profiting from an honest mistake like this is just mean spirited.
I'm kind of surprised at all the responses that want to stick it to this business that is taking a big risk by dealing with bitcoins.  We,all know big banks screw people over regularly, but most of us here want cryptocurrencies to thrive, and I tend to think they'll do much better if we avoid a "screw bitcoin businesses whenever it's legal" attitude (assuming that keeping bitcoins transmitted to you on error IS legal - IANAL).
@_date: 2013-04-16 02:15:52
Bitfloor lost thousands of bitcoins when thiefs got into their system and found an _unencrypted_ backup of their wallet.  Most thefts occur when thiefs get your passwords -- often through keyloggers in malware.
toddgak's statements are true, but they aren't much help if you don't encrypt your wallet or send your passwords to thieves.
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:25:45
No matter the future of bitcoin, discussions like this about how economics and markets work is a huge benefit to society.
@_date: 2013-07-10 03:35:57
@_date: 2013-04-23 02:24:36
Either one is good.  If you have a smartphone, the software authenticator is free.
That'll prevent a keylogger from gaining access to your MtGox account as the authentication key changes every 30 seconds.