@_author: dearpresident
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:55:29
It seems that the transition doesn't necessarily have to disrupt the financial services industry.  I think it could be disastrous if it did though.  Or if no one was willing to invest in banks because they can get better returns in Bitcoin.  I am glad that you stated earlier "America will survive the death of the dollar."  Here's hoping for that.    
About the AR stuff in the post.. I may have played too much SecondLife.  I do think that the AR/VR industry is in its infancy and will take off in the next 5 years or so.  I think of it this way.. if we are really supposed to go live on Mars next.. what kind of technology will we need?  Are we really going to build houses that are fully sealed off with layers of radiation protection?  Or are we going to have advanced NASA researched and inspired suits and AR helmets?  The latter makes more sense to me.  And about the anti-social assertion.. I think it would be more social if I could see you (or your avatar) on my heads up display as if you are in the same room as me, rather than typing in a text box (although this was very efficient).  It's just going from 2-d to 3-d.  The touch glove is like going from 3-d to 4-d (probably not the right term.. but it would advance AR big-time).  I am anxious to see if the AR folks see the need for digital currency for their ambitions and invest early to fund their projects.  IMO, that would be awesome.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:32:43
Thank you for the compliment.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:48:24
Ok, I thought through what you are saying and I think I now understand the difference between price inflation and the currency supply inflation.  Am I correct if I say that by going to digital currency we are trading our current system of quasi-fixed divisibility (because the Fed tries to manage inflation to 1-2 percent - maintaining the value of a dollar) and variable supply (printing press) with variable divisibility (approaching Dollar-Satoshi parity) and fixed supply (21MM BTCs)?  
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:22:40
It's only an illusion that the miners are decentralized and that the currency is not inflationary. 
Centralization:     
The miners all share the same incentive (to maximize profit by doing the same exact thing - mining)... can you get any more centralized than that?  If the mining community must make a decision, it will always be the decision that will maximize "a miner's" profitability.  
  
Inflationary:    
Every time the value of a bitcoin goes up ten-fold, 10X as many "dollar-equivalent units" are created by their system (decimal divisions).  That is the inflation necessary to support the growing economy of bitcoin users.  You can see this working the same way as inflation works for our government.  As you said, a central authority will seek to "inflate away the debt."  The bitcoin government (miners) want divisibility to pay off their mining rig debts.  But where does this inflation stop?  Will it be when Bitcoin's market cap meets or exceeds the market cap of the existing world currencies combined?  
     
The Collapse:     
I would suggest that the inflation stops when the value of the Satoshi is the dollar-equivalent unit (or penny-equivalent).  At that point you have trillions of Satoshis (dollars) floating around.. just like Zimbabwe dollars, yet they are all over the world, so people still don't "get it" yet.    
   
But what happens if the miners vote for an additional decimal place after they realize that the stability (profit decline) only came to be because there wasn't another decimal place to divide into?  Which way does the profit-seeking vote go?  Add more decimal places to maximize profits or allow profits to shrink to nothing?  
The second the 9th decimal place is voted in, the buyers will realize that the suppliers have the ability to flood the market and can continue to do so without limit: tulips, beanie babies, and baseball cards.    
I have more trust in the checks, balances, and two-party gridlock of the US government than a "dictatorship" of profit-maximizing clones.  
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:47:18
Interesting.. I like the idea of singularity; however, I have a problem with the spinal cord setup.. it's called being hacked :-).  Socialization.. I totally agree that technology is bringing people closer together.  Helmets do the same.  Have you ever noticed the clique mentality in high school (and beyond)?  Have you noticed that the "beautiful" (ok, heavily made up or worked out) people stick together, dividing people apart and sometimes creating jealousy and low self-esteem for the others?  The helmet allows anyone to look like anything they want. You no longer have to accept the genetics that can create the anxieties that result in many people staying indoors and overeating/drinking in their sorrows.  Compare the looks of walmart and whole foods shoppers.. for whatever reason, health and beauty correlates with long-term socio-economic class rankings, you can bring these two groups together by removing the social roadblocks between them.  
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:26:47
Thanks for writing what you wrote.  One of the things that I don't understand is why some people think that Bitcoin will displace banks.  If the bitcoin displaces the dollar, wouldn't banks just lend in bitcoin?  The big (short-term) problem I see with lending in bitcoin is that if a business does most of its business in fiat, and bitcoin values continue to increase as its adopted, the bank would have a very challenging time assessing creditworthiness.  So, I could see banks staying out of it until some kind of stabilization.     
   
I could see early adopters trying to act as hard money lenders with their newfound bitcoin wealth, but I think that as soon as they realize the risk management and administrative burden it takes to lend, they will not find it worthy of their time.   Any thoughts on that? 
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:33:16
Why couldn't it be a centralized crypto with a fixed number of units?   Contrary to this forums popular belief.. most Americans believe in the need for the US government (we just despise the Senate for its vitriol-filled, year-round, soap operas).  That would lead me to believe that the American public would likely buy into a govcoin if Bitcoin hangs on another 4 years and proves cryptocurrencies long-term viability.  I think Bitcoin does have incredible staying power, especially with the anti-American sentiment around the world.  It would not go away if the US govcoin came about, and frankly we (US) must accept the competition.  However, I am bullish that our Silicon Valley can add more utility value to the govcoin than other (global) tech hubs would be able to add to theirs.  Highest utility value + backed by most advanced and powerful military = top cryptocurrency candidate.
