@_author: deathbypenguin53
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:24:31
Agreed. She most likely is, but I have no idea. If she has nothing to do with this, then I do feel sorry for the mess her son has caused.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:29:47
Well, Supadupa is not a teenager, so allowing others to understand his situation is simply an addition to why you should not loan to him. 
A person who's in their mid twenties and still living with their parent(s) most likely has trouble with money. That was the only reason for me pointing out that situation. 
He then decided to insult us about living with our parents... Which is normal for an average 18 year old, isn't it?
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:44:27
He's made up stories about how he needs cash. He's told me he found a tablet in someones trash, the same day messaging someone else that he's just bought a new tablet. Then said to me I have blah blah amount of money, and then messaging someone else "I have no food and no money to buy food either"
He was friends with me and others, after getting to know him and he asks for a small loan then pays back + normal interest, you think he's cool. Then he'll work his way up to more money, and after he's loaned, he'll tell you he's got thousands of dollars then when you ask for your money back, "oh it's on this account and I can't get the money out for a week" - 1 week later, another excuse. 
He doesn't just steal you money and run, no, that'd be too classy for him. He takes it, lies to you every day of every month, laughs in your face if you get firm with him about the loan.
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:32:27
The jokes were somewhat uncalled for, however, they were there for my own amusement.
It certain does matter who he lives with for the follow reasons.
1. A 20-30yr old still with his parents with no job and no way to earn money is certainly not someone a bank would consider loaning money to, nor should someone on the internet with Bitcoins.
2. Sending things to his house such as pizzas wont also frustrate him, but his mother. Therefore people should watch what they do. I still think his mother should be informed as it's under her roof tho, just spam calls etc also affect people other than the supa.