@_author: deathpigeonx
@_date: 2014-01-03 03:39:58


Socialism is the ideology that advocates worker control of the means of production. There are, typically, two ways to achieve this, though certainly there could be more. The first is what most people associate with it: The workers take over the state and the state takes over the means of production. The second is by implementing a usufruct system in which all ownership is by those who typically use/occupy something. This means that all workplaces become under worker control because the workers are those who typically use the workplace and everything in it. I was more speaking of the second tack taken rather than the first in my post since I am an anarchist.


National Socialism is as socialist as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is democratic, run by the people, and a republic.


Well, yeah. There are many ways in which fascism and anarchism evolved in parallel and influenced each other. Indeed, Proudhon had many ideas that would become highly influential upon fascism, including, but not limited to, his fetishization of the military. However, despite this, the authoritarianism of fascism puts it as fundamentally opposed to anarchism while its hostility to all of socialism puts it at odds with all socialists. I mean, the Spanish Civil War wasn't essentially socialists vs fascists for shits and giggles. We despise each other.


Not really. When it comes to fascism, I tend to rely on Robert Paxton's Five Stages model, and, under this model, the principle thing that sets fascist states apart from other authoritarian or totalitarian states is that, thanks to how fascism develops, the state has competing interests of the regular state functionaries (eg magistrates and police commaders), the traditional elites (eg the church, the military, and the business leaders), the fascist party, and the leader. These four interests constantly struggle through the fourth stage, only beginning to die down as it enters the fifth stage, in which the fascist state either heads in the direction of entropy, often characterized by falling into routine authoritarianism, or radicalization, in which the party basically takes over and goes crazy, such as with the Holocaust. Neither Russia, the US, nor China have these characteristics, nor have any of them ever experienced fascism of stage three or higher (with stage three being where the conservative elites, fearing a lack of control of the populace and  rising left, hand power over to the fascists). The US, I would argue, currently has stage two fascism growing inside of it with the Tea Party, with this stage characterized by the fascists becoming capable of acting in the political scene, typically by becoming a party and allying with the conservative elites, and has experienced the first stage twice, first with the KKK, which Paxton gives as an example of the first stage which never comes to fruition, and the beginnings of the Tea Party, with the first stage being characterized by a populist reaction to the failings of democracy which often is characterized by weird and difficult to classify beliefs, such as a fusion of nationalism and syndicalism.
@_date: 2014-01-04 22:46:23


It's what happened in theory.


Well, the first two socialists, Josiah Warren and Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, both advocated a usufruct system. Proudhon, especially, would make a distinction between *property* and *possession*. Property was, to him, a right to do what you will with something, while possession was the fact of having something. He famously said "property is theft" because property allows for people to take the possessions of others. (He also said "property is liberty" because property gives people more freedom to do things and "property is impossible" because property requires some form of a state or state-like entity to defend, so, in anarchy, property would be impossible.)


It's how property systems, or the lack thereof, functioned for the ~190,000 years before we developed states, allowing for the defense of property rights. Also, the Tragedy of the Commons, while good in theory, falls apart once we look at real life examples of commons and how they actually worked, and they did *not* fall victim to the Tragedy of the Commons.
@_date: 2014-01-01 19:20:53
No, I'd prefer insurrection, which is what I do.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:19:34
...What bizarro world do you live in? Without money, in a market society, you cannot get food or shelter, and those are hella necessary to survive. And I can't "live off the land" because that requires there to be land for me to live off of, and there isn't really any.
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:42:32


A ton of tiny states != anarchy.


[Citation needed]


You defend your own possessions, and, even then, you can only do so when you are there, but do the owners of Walmart defend their own property of the Walmart store? No, that is defended by the state because it is their property, but not their possession.


I'm very much into anthropology and have looked into it a lot.


You just talked about things that all happened after the creation of states about 10,000 years ago after groups transitioned into village-bonded societies, which were still acephalous societies, and developed agriculture. This ignores the 190,000 ish years of prehistory that came before. (Also, I'd object to polygamy being any more of a hierarchy than monogamous marriage. It can be a hierarchy, but only in the same ways monogamy can be.)


Define civilization.


I actually kind of like distributism because it is, essentially, mutualism with a state and is just as socialistic as mutualism.


Man, I hate it when that happens. :(
@_date: 2014-01-01 08:12:19
I've actually looked into things like that, before. All they are is people pulling resources and shoring among themselves while still participating in the rest of the economy, with everyone getting a job from a capitalist and buying shit from the capitalist market. That's not exactly going somewhere that is a non-market economy, nor somewhere where I'm not given the choice of work or starve.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:33:40


Oh, so you think I should move to a place with a non-market economy where I'm not given the choice between starvation and work like, um... Uh... Oh, wait. No. I can't think of any.
@_date: 2014-01-01 20:46:42


Good people do bad things all the time.


&lt;hen someone is at work, they are subsumed under the authority of their boss and have to do what their boss says, wear what their boss tells them, say what their boss wants them to/not say what their boss doesn't want them to, and arrive and leave when their boss wants them to. This is is not having autonomy.


Then even more so because, in a socialist system, he would be at no risk of losing his home because ownership would be tied to use so everyone would own where they live and continue to own it until they move out. There would never be any danger of being evicted ever.


None of the places I mentioned restricted the market. People there just choose not to interact in market structures, except in Zapatista controlled Chiapas which is market based, but is based upon worker ownership and horizontal structures.


Yes! I would love to! They are run through a communal based system with every community running themselves and everything productive they do is based around horizontal structures that give a lot of autonomy to the people doing them. They don't have the best of conditions, but I would gladly sacrifice my standard of living for liberty. The unfortunate reality is that they are very nervous about foreigners because they are still at war with the Mexican government and they are built around the existing native communities. In addition, there is a sizable language barrier. None of this makes it impossible for me to go there, but it does make it impractical, at the moment, though, when it becomes more practical, I would consider going there, weighing how easily I could learn the language and integrate against the likelihood of being able to create similar communities where I am. (Though, I would definitely not if things go too far south in Greece and fascists like GD take over, because, in that case, I'm off to fight fascists.)
@_date: 2013-12-30 09:40:38
DAE Mutualists don't real?
@_date: 2013-12-31 05:19:09


Excuse me, but how are they equals? I mean, if the boss tells the worker to do something, the worker is expected to do what the boss said, but, if the worker tell the boss to do something, the boss is not expected to do what the worker said, and, indeed, this is often seen as absurd. That is not an equal relationship. That is authority, regardless of how it was gained.


Again, if the landlord tells the tenant to do something while living in the rented place, the tenant is expected to do what the landlord said, but, if the tenant tells the landlord to do something while the landlord is living in their place, the landlord is not expected to do what the tenant said, and that is seen as absurd. That is, again, a relationship of authority with one person having power over the other.
The nature of how the relationship was entered into is not what makes it authority or not authority. It is who gets to tell the other what to do. An army sergeant over a soldier is a relationship of authority regardless of whether the soldier was drafted or volunteered. Indeed, the nature of the relationship between the two is no different when the soldier is a volunteer than when the soldier was drafted. In much the same way, just because the worker choose the relationship of authority does not make it any less a relationship of authority, though, indeed, I would not consider the choice of the worker to be much of a free choice because the worker has very limited options, and the ones that are not working for a boss are, typically, horrible ones like starvation and homelessness, though, in a free society, the option of working for a worker run cooperative should be freely available for all, allowing no one to have to accept the authority of the boss.
@_date: 2013-12-31 10:13:16
Eh, I wasn't all that bothered or surprised. I'm a minority opinion on this sub. Of course I'll be getting downvoted. This would be like if I went to and started singing praises for Pinochet. But thanks anyway. :)
@_date: 2013-12-31 11:27:56


...Ok, first, you do realize that Tolstoy was an anarchistic socialist. Second, having no other good options is not being a natural slave. It's being screwed over by the system.


...I addressed the first point with the "find a new boss to submit to" part, entrepreneurship is something that requires time, money, and resources, plus carries with it risk of creating a hole for yourself that no proletariat could ever crawl out of and would cause you to start being an exploiter/oppressor if you are successful, living off the land requires there to be unclaimed land for you to live off of, which there isn't much of, these days, and you're seriously suggesting becoming a poor beggar as a reasonable alternative to submitting to someone?
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:35:36


Well, I don't like telling others what to do or being told what to do, so I despise hierarchy.


So you decided that, instead of being a part of the oppressed, you would become a part of the oppressors? Because I don't want to be oppressed or an oppressor. I want freedom from all things for all. No masters. No bosses. No kings. No presidents. Just liberty.


Well, in Chiapas, right now, the Zapatistas have taken over territory that has become libertarian socialist. Though it isn't quite as anarchistic as I would like, it has lasted over a decade and has prevented corporations from taking over the land of the natives. In addition, in the past, the Paris Commune was organized rather well, though, again, not as anarchist as I'd like. Then there were the Free Territories in Ukraine during the Russian Civil War and Revolutionary Catalonia during the Spanish Civil War, both of which were anarchist and organized like I would like.


...So the second best example of Economic Freedom is a brutal dictatorship, and you say you like how things are in the economically "free" countries?
Also, I'm not seeing much correlation between the first list and the second two. For example, the 24 and 26 "most free" on the first rank above the two "most free" countries on the first list, while, on the third, the two "most free" from the first are down at 13th and 18th respectively. In addition, you'll notice on both of the latter two lists, Cuba is in the 50s, despite the embargo, but, on the first list, ranks down at 176, which is the second to the bottom, and this is with the first list leaving out countries that were high ranking in the other two lists. While the bottom of the second list, Swaziland, ranking at 223rd, is only at 104tth on the first and the bottom of the third list, Niger, ranking at 187th, is only at 128th on the first.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:03:49
*Rolls eyes.* Yes, there are systemic inequalities that limit the options of the proletariat. Just because this moves blame from the proletariat to others does not necessarily make it wrong. I could easily make a similar point of saying how you are all just victim blaming, but that would not make your side wrong, either.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:01:38


This is almost exactly what the capitalists do. They are people who feel entitled to live off of the labor of the working class merely because they claim ownership over the means of production while limiting the options of the working class so that every option *but* working for a capitalist is either tremendously horrible, such as starving or begging, or incredibly difficult to almost impossible unless you are already rich, such as becoming an entrepreneur. They are parasitic tyrants, even from the premises you just gave me, so, no, I don't think this is false premises.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:28:35
The ownership of Walmart by those who aren't the workers is legal fiction and this legal fiction has to be enforced violently.
@_date: 2013-12-31 11:22:05
Because Walmart legally owns everything they use to do that stuff every step of the way, so, if they try to do that, the police will intervene.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:21:56
No, I think that all the profit should be given to the workers *and* that the ownership of Walmart by those who aren't the workers is legal fiction that has to be enforced violently.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:52:00


No, proletariat is those who do not own the means of production, but work for those who do. They tend to have their options cut off by the bourgeoisie who do own the means of production. 


Nah, it's more like calling prostitution where the prostitutes became prostitutes because they were poor and not because they wanted to rape, which I do consider rape.
@_date: 2013-12-31 10:11:01
Capitalism is a specific mode of production. This means that capitalism is about how production is set up. In a capitalist business, there is someone who owns the business and the tools used in the business and others who work for that person. Those people put in time and energy to create things or provide services. People then pay the business money for that. This is the extraction of capital from the workers. The business is putting people to work and creating money based upon the work that person did. After that, it gives a bit of that money to the worker. However, the amount of money that was produced from the work put in was necessarily greater than the amount of money that the worker was paid, or else there would be no profit. This profit is the extracted capital that the business got to keep. This relationship between boss and worker is one of authority, with the boss giving the worker orders/instructions, and the worker following those orders/instructions.
Examples of this are all around us. Almost every business in modern society follow this model, *and it is not just the big corporations either*. Rather, even small businesses do this once they get big enough. However, to give a concrete example, I will use a corporation because corporations are things that are easily recognizable by most people. (By this I mean, when I talk about Walmart, you all know what I mean, but, if I start talking about DP Doughs, most of you would have no idea what I was talking about.) So Walmart is a very obvious example of this. At a Walmart, you go in, find something to buy, probably get help finding it by an employee, take it to the cashier, pay for it, then leave. Before you could do that, though, a Walmart employee had to take what you bought out of the back to where you could get it, a trucker had to drive it across the nation, it had to be made by workers, etc. But, when you pay for the product, you are not paying the Walmart employees that helped you find the product, brought it to the shelf, or ran the cashier desk/thing, nor are you paying the driver, nor are you paying the person who made the product. Instead, you are paying the company Walmart. Walmart, in turn, pays its workers just above minimum wage. Meanwhile, [the CEO is paid $20 million]( Now, the CEO did put in work as well, but $20 million is a lot of money, so where did that money come from? It came from the products that were sold which the workers all made it possible for you to buy. Without those workers, the CEO would not have been able to do anything with those products, but, with the workers, he is able to turn them into money, thus extracting capital, which the work the workers put in allowed them to do.
And this is what anti-capitalists are referring to when we speak of capitalism and what we oppose.
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:55:29
Are bosses in the workplace not authority just as much as the state is? Are landlords not authority just as much as the state is? To oppose authority is to oppose the authority of bosses in the workplace and landlords over tenants just as much as it is opposing the authority of kings and presidents over their subjects.
And this is the perspective that goes back to at least Proudhon, if not earlier, and has sustained itself through the arguments between the anarchists and marxists in the First International, through the Paris Commune, through the fighting between the leninists and the anarchists in the Russian Revolution as well as the Free Territory, and through the fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War and Revolutionary Catalonia. Indeed, it continues to today, but I stop it there because it was only around that point that supporters of capitalism first started to use the term anarchist to describe themselves, specifically with Rothbard coopting the term, though recognizing the differences he had with anarchists. Indeed, anarchists of every stripe, except anarcho-capitalists, if you are to count them as anarchists, believe that capitalism is incompatible with anarchism. This is everyone from the anarcho-communists to the mutualists to the individualists ala Tucker and Carson. Heck, the mutualists and individualists tend to support the free market, but even they turn their criticism of authority onto capitalism and summarily reject it.
However, to be fair to ancaps, many do not actually support what most anarchists call capitalism, which is the system of extraction of capital from workers through the control of the means of production by those who do not work with the means of production, and those ancaps I would call anarchists, though not capitalists. However, there is still far too many ancaps who support what we would call capitalism, just defended through private institutions rather than state institutions, and they are not anarchists in the slightest.
I should, as a side note, mention that I consider the vast majority of agorists to fall into the first category of not actually capitalists rather than the second of not actually anarchists, and I think agorism is a wonderful development within the anarchist movement, especially through its embrace of illegalism, though just of a specific sort, that I feel is lacking in much of anarchist thought.
@_date: 2013-12-30 18:23:34
And the general strike is where everyone strikes and demands their employers give their workplace over to them, so it basically is literally firing your employer.
@_date: 2013-12-31 11:20:17


Not really. I feel like focusing too much on corporations does muddy the water. Indeed, the earliest socialist thinkers, such as Proudhon, were opposing capitalism before corporations were even a thing. Rather, my anti-capitalism comes, in part, from experience of working for a boss, and, in part, from me seeing endless similarities between the way power is set up in capitalistic businesses and states.


No. I wasn't even arguing against capitalism there. I was defining it and giving an example of it and how it works. The CEO's salary was, rather, a part of a larger argument that there was an extraction of capital from the workers.


There are many ways, and some even have what I would call capital and you might as well. None will have the extraction of capital by a third party, though, which means that all businesses are employee owned and managed. By making them employee owned and managed, we are making the extraction of capital by a third party impossible. So we aren't necessarily proposing a society without capital. We are suggesting a society without the extraction of capital from the workers.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:14:36


Sure, but there is more discrepancy between the three than match up.


There were unfortunate killings of priests in Revolutionary Catalonia, though this is the first I've heard of this happening in the Paris Commune, and it was wrong, but I feel it is wrong to characterize it as genocide. Indeed, it wasn't against lay Catholics all that much. When there was killing of priests, it was done by individuals who were fed up with the strong ties between the Catholic Church and Franco's forces as well as the advocacy of the Nationalist faction by most of the priests. It was not a good thing, I should stress, but I, at least, understand it. They weren't killing randomly. They were killing those they perceived as supporting fascists trying to take over Spain.


I never said that you murder or abuse, however employers are oppressors. When you employ someone, you strip them of their autonomy in the workplace. That is oppression and that is what I am against.


I think that was very kind of you and you are probably a good person. However, if it were not for capitalism or similar systems, that guy wouldn't have been homeless.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:57:10
Please, I'm no marxist. I am a socialist, but that does not mean I am an ally with or approve of all socialists and socialist groups. Indeed, I oppose the state socialism of Cuba and North Korea just as much as the capitalism of the US or Sweden.
Also, capitalists rely on a system of economic hierarchy, and that system of economic hierarchy is what allows poverty to exist, so arguing they are good because they fight poverty is laughable, to me. It's like saying a virus that is slowly killing you because, hey, at least it is attacking the immune system that is causing your fever. And, indeed, one does not need to be a capitalist to innovate solutions, but, more often than not, innovations are only implemented if you are a capitalist. In a system where there is no capitalist controlling the workers, the workers would be able to implement any innovation they come up with without interference from the capitalist class.
@_date: 2013-12-31 09:48:46


The worker is only as free as their boss lets them be.


Signing a contract doesn't turn authority into anything other than authority. Authority is authority regardless of if it is gained through a contract or not.
And, if the worker ceases working for the boss, the worker has to find a new boss to submit to or starve. Not much of a choice.


It is authority established by the terms of an agreement. It being an agreement doesn't magically transform it into not being authority.


Sure it's authority, but it's more harmless because it's on a lesser scale and the neighbor has real alternatives. However, when it comes to a job, the worker doesn't. The worker can choose which employer to submit their will to or they can choose to slowly starve. It isn't freedom if you get to choose your master.