@_author: deathsquid
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:09:39
I like how nobody is addressing his actual problem with Bitcoin, and that's longevity and stability; nobody has really addressed the fact in any certain terms about how Bitcoin can store value, and be a realistic investment in the current financial economy.
I'm not knowledgeable at all, but given the issues that arose over the Chinese exchange incident, Bitcoin seems to exist at the whim of the current financial system just as much as any other currency, and is easier to crash than any other currency or economy.
I mean, Dogecoin is now a thing, apparently. What gives Bitcoin more stability than Dogecoin, or any other digital currency that can crop up? What gives it any staying power?
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:49:15
So, in practical terms, there is no guarantee?
From what I read off Wikipedia in a quick read, "the Byzantine General's Problem" doesn't come close to encompassing the intricacies of just one, singular, national economy, let alone global economy.
According to the [page]( "The objective of Byzantine fault tolerance is to be able to defend against Byzantine failures, in which components of a system fail in arbitrary ways (i.e., not just by stopping or crashing but by processing requests incorrectly, corrupting their local state, and/or producing incorrect or inconsistent outputs.). Correctly functioning components of a Byzantine fault tolerant system will be able to correctly provide the system's service assuming there are not too many Byzantine faulty components."
So all that you told me is that nobody can game the system from the inside; that's all well and good. But what about any outside competetive source, like Dogecoin? How exactly is the Chinese Exchange "irrelevent" when it tanked Bitcoin by 50% of its value, and the issue that caused it is still entirely likely to happen again?
Even more importantly, what about when it reaches the cap of 21 million that Krugman mentioned? How would you disprove the concept that Bitcoin is experiencing a bubble that is bound to pop?