@_author: debo37
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:56:12
Each trade *does* have to be confirmed eventually, as long as it's an address-to-address transfer (wallet to wallet). Trades on exchanges are kept track of by the exchanges, who basically keep a book of IOUs for all their users - hence those can seem instant. But remember, you don't own your coins if you don't own your private keys - so eventually you'll want to transfer coins stored on an exchange to a wallet whose private keys YOU control, which means you'll have to deal with wallet-to-wallet transactions when you withdraw from an exchange eventually anyway.
Bitcoin has 1MB blocks now, so only ~3 transactions can be confirmed per second.
SegWit, an upgrade to the network protocol, is another way to send a transaction that separates some of the block data into an add-on structure and relieves some memory pressure, enabling up to ~1.8MB blocks in theory (and thus more transactions per block, increasing transactions per second). SegWit adoption isn't that high though yet, so the 1MB block limit seems to be a rate limiter at the moment.
You can check the number of [unconfirmed transactions here]( though - looks like there are around 215k transactions that have yet to be confirmed as of the time of this post. Bitcoin will have to chug through this "backlog" and get those added to the blockchain eventually - but right now, people who pay higher fees get priority in being added to the blockchain. Transactions will take way longer than 10 minutes if you don't pay to skip the line, basically.
[This chart]( shows the mempool's transactions over the last four days - the colored bands represent different "transaction fee buckets," represented by Satoshis per byte of transaction data. So right now, to get confirmed as quickly as possible, you'd have to pay between 300-500 Satoshis per byte to be a high priority transaction that is likely to be included in the next block. Satoshis (sats for short in a lot of places) are the preferred name to represent the smallest possible unit of a Bitcoin, .00000001 BTC. So 300-500 sats means that the average transaction must include a fee payment of around .000003 to .000005 BTC per byte of transaction data to have the highest likelihood of being included in the next block.
@_date: 2018-06-21 05:07:02
There aren't really drawbacks in the short term, but it's a slippery slope that could leave things worse off in the future.
1) Once data is committed to the blockchain, it's there forever - and this is critical for the most important nodes (the ones that keep full copies of the chain). Obviously, the more data per block, the faster the chain's total size grows, and the more prohibitive it is to sync the chain. This acts as a centralization pressure, because it could disincentivize prospective node-runners whose hardware or patience aren't up to snuff. This is an oft-cited argument that is usually rebutted with some form of "Moore's law" - which is actually a valid counterpoint to a degree. Most people who run nodes do so purposefully, and simple economies of scale dictate that mining will likely always continue to centralize. I think people argue the blockchain size bloat angle because it feels like pouring gasoline on a fire - bringing about eventual centralization even faster than it will naturally happen is kinda icky.
2) Block propagation time changes are probably the strongest drawback to increased blocksizes. The blockchain stays in sync by propagating valid, agreed-upon changes (blocks) to its state (the UTXO set) roughly every 10 minutes; the faster that information can propagate to other mining nodes, the faster those nodes can start mining on the new chain tip. Every second that a miner doesn't have the latest block in the chain is a liability to them because they're wasting effort. With larger blocks, it takes longer for new blocks to propagate across the mesh. The limiting factor here becomes bandwidth (throughput) - if, say, we had 1 GB block sizes, those 1GB blocks would have to be chunked up into packets and forwarded to each node's peers, which would be a non-trivial effort that wastes precious seconds, especially if packets are lost in flight (which becomes more likely as the number of packets per block increases). Nodes are also limited to 8 outgoing peers, which delays the time it takes a valid block to propagate across the network even further. Internet bandwidth doesn't increase over time as rapidly as Moore's law, and there's a very real possibility that continually upping the block size could eventually lead to conditions where it takes several minutes for blocks to propagate across the whole network - meaning more instances of people finding "simultaneous" blocks, more orphans, more trouble for miners, and more chaos.
3) In the very long term, the block reward will run out. Miners will become increasingly vital to the security of the chain as its value increases, yet their compensation will drop off logarithmically. Hence, a problem. Miner compensation will eventually rely entirely on chain fees, and for that reason we can't economically drive usage fees to zero (or set the user expectation that fees will be zero) because eventually fees will be the lifeblood of the system's incentivization scheme. The only alternative to creating a healthy fee market is hardforking to remove the supply cap and adding a tail emission as some altcoins have done - but I think you probably understand why philosophically no one wants to advocate for that.
Is 1MB the magic blocksize number? Maybe, maybe not. But the moment we go higher, we can never take that decision back. It's worth approaching cautiously. The demand conditions of the last bubble in Dec-Jan certainly demonstrated that the fee market works - more hashpower came online through it all, and the tx backlog was eventually chewed through. There is no orphan rate problem in the current mining ecosystem. Things generally look healthy the way they are. Keep in mind that Bitcoin is essentially a toddler at this point - it hasn't existed long enough for anyone to decisively claim that they know what's best for it. That's why lots of scaling experiments are happening, both with BTC and on altcoin chains. Keep an eye on them and how they're progressing!
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:51:01
Seems like they have been all day. Sent a wire deposit in yesterday, so here's hoping nothing vanishes behind the scenes. Pretty frustrating that I can't even track its progress since the Deposits tab is disabled.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:10:38
Assuming most BTC traffic is exchange traffic, we can guess that batching would at most affect half of all exchange traffic (since inbound transactions to exchange wallet addresses would still be unbatched). Change addresses would still be necessary for consolidation of inbound txns to exchange hotwallet and coldwallet addresses.
The simple fact is that BTC use (whether measured by outputs/day or transactions/day) has declined significantly - we can speculate for days about whether or not it’s due to a spam attack relenting, exchange batching, speculators leaving, etc. but there’s not really a rigorous way to prove any of those theories, so it’s kind of a waste of time to debate it.