@_author: debriter
@_date: 2015-11-09 20:58:37
Not quite. As a miner, you want to increase the probability of winning by adjusting your asking price and complexity level. This counters the excessive inflation. If you are too expensive or produce to simple of PoWs for the asking price, you will be constantly ignored, wasting energy until you cannot participate anymore (run out of money).
@_date: 2015-11-09 21:22:05
1. Pursue of "lowest reward" is naturally not an option since miner must consider three factors: time to respond, complexity of PoW and his asking price when competing to win. All three determine your outcome, not one in isolation. Cheapest doesn't guarantee anything if somebody else matches your price with just a slightly higher complexity, he wins and you just wasted money (it's a setback not to win, which naturally pushes you to try harder next time or you're out of the game). As a miner then, I must balance my response time (to be even considered in the race), getting high enough complexity into my proofs and request a "reasonable price" in case another dude shows up with a similar quality proofs but at a cheaper price (his ASIC may be better than mine, etc).
2. "The amount miners rationally spend on mining will ultimately be equal to the value of the rewards". Yes, and more generally the amount miners rationally spend on mining should be dictated by optimizing the probability of winning. The optimization must balance trade offs of response time, PoW complexity and cost to run the proofs.
3. I strongly believe that transaction fees are not the way to solve this long term. Uncapping bitcoin finite supply is, but in a very careful, well thought out manner, not to let the inflation go wild. Tying the BT supply to the underlying cost of computing power, computing abilities and security needs sounds not so bad to me.
4. "You need some incentive structure for the bootstrapping". Perhaps a while back yes, but given present market opportunities in BT space the "incentive" argument is probably not an issue anymore.
@_date: 2015-11-10 00:49:16


In the first stage, the network accepts quotes. There is limited time during which quotes are collected. You don't want to pick the "first one" since favoring solely quick response time puts preference on low quality PoWs. Once the majority of the network agreed on 3..5..7 (some fixed number) of candidates, they are weighed relatively to one another by the PoW complexity and miner's asking price (reward). Simple cases are:
* if complexity is equal, cheapest wins
* if prices are equal, most complex wins
* otherwise, weigh price and complexity to decide which one is most valuable
