@_author: decentralizedlaw
@_date: 2018-11-02 15:25:42
Mmmm. Not really. As you can see in the paper I have used more than 110 books, scientific studies and actual laws to base my findings on. I have read all the whitepapers of legal projects in the cryptospace I could find. I have gone through everything I thought relevant, from the earliest cyberpunks on cryptos, and the Greeks and Romans on law.
I analyzed all the shortcomings in the cryptospace, and opportunities in the legal world, and eventually found an enforcement framework in a book on International Arbitration by Margaret Moses, that I adjusted to fit the space. I mean it when I say it is new.
I have spend more than a year putting this together, neglecting all my other activities. It was a very educational experience, so I think the time was well spend.
One the topic of David Friedman's Machinary Of Freedom, I actually received a hardcopy "special edition" three months ago as a gift. I haven't gotten past the first few pages, but I will read it soon, I promise. That same friend who gave it to me is actually meeting Mr. Friedman one of these days, he told me. Maybe I should have asked him to share my paper.
I once met David Friedman and heard him speak on Bali. He writes on the same topic, if interested. He basically analyzed medieval Iceland, where there was a justice system without a central government. Although very interesting, I am more practical. I looked at the existing legal systems to find out what we could now to start decentralizing law, not in a hypothetical world without government.
Take care.
@_date: 2018-11-02 17:16:12
How can you make the claim if you haven't even read my paper?
@_date: 2018-11-02 18:05:07
Thank you for your feedback. If interested, the model can be found on page 37.
Let me share an observation with you. Whenever I share with someone any of the lessons I learned as a result of my studies for this paper, they often immediately relate it to something they are familiar with. For example an existing project. "They are already doing this." When I then read the whitepaper of said project, it doesn't cover what I was explaining. Often, it doesn't even match with what they think the project does. I guess it is a natural reaction to look for patterns, but it is fascinating to me. It makes me wonder how often I makes these shortcuts in other areas.
Anyways, no hard feelings. Take care.
@_date: 2018-12-13 12:51:11
Hehe, Nice video (well explained). I have exactly this issue when trying to explain Decentralized Law to Crypto Enthusiasts... See the comments here: [