@_author: decisivelynumbgaming
@_date: 2019-06-01 22:46:40
Stop right now. While I may be incorrect, it sounds extremely likely you're about to download and install malware designed to scam, phish, or steal wallet keys.
Are you sure you know what you are doing? There is no secret auto gen bitcoin method. It's sound mathematics that requires immense computing power, there are no shortcuts. Anything claiming otherwise is a scam.
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:23:59
I'm somewhat for locking down early bitcoins, but absolutely not for any reasons you list above.
Early in Bitcoin's life coins were mined directly using pay to public key, instead of the far more secure pay to public key hash. This means the public key for all early and non-moved bitcoins is exposed and weak to potential quantum attacks. This includes but not limited to the satoshi stash.
Even though I could see it argued to lock those coins unless moved, I'd also argue it leaving them exposed and vulnerable would be a better path forward. It could work as a great warning sign for the current development of quantum capabilities, and even act as an incentive to push advancements in quantum computing. 
Worth noting each address would need to be attacked individually and quantum computing isn't magic. Once available and proven effective, not every address could or would be instantly brute forced.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:06:04
Oof, that hurts. Mycelium should have required you to create a backup at the time. A print off with a dozen words on it that can be used to recover your wallet and any funds in it.
Any chance you have that laying around somewhere? What about a phone backup?
Unfortunately, there is no recourse without the private key or a wallet backup.
@_date: 2019-06-02 04:38:56
Fees are based on the size of your transaction in bytes. The more inputs/outputs, the larger the transaction becomes.
In your example, address 1 would require 2 inputs, and 1 output to make a send send the total complete amount.
Address 2 would need 5 inputs, and 1 output making it larger.
If you are not sending the entire balance, you will need an additional output to send the remaining balance (change) back to yourself. Wallets will normally handle change addresses automatically if required.
@_date: 2019-06-03 06:07:52
Absolute scam. There is zero reason to ever give anyone access to your wallet. You generate a PUBLIC address and share that with them. Never let anyone log in.
It's nearly the equivalent of them asking for your personal banking login information so they can login, access everything including withdrawals, transfers, and the ability to open loans in your name. 
All under the guise that they want to verify the name you gave them is correct.
@_date: 2019-06-03 21:28:09
Same thing you do if you dropped cash while walking down the street.
Consider it a costly lesson and learn from your mistakes. Hopefully it means you find a way to better secure your funds in the future.
It may sound harsh, but you need to take responsibility when it comes to securing your Bitcoin. There really is no recourse, going to the police or any authority is essentially pointless. If stolen, those coins can and likely will disappear immediately.
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:26:02
Yep, been there for several years. Not worth checking it though, make a comment in the description instead. 
Craigslist filtering options are rough and adding additional crypto flag doesn't help.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:11:20


Bitcoin is exactly the same in this case. No buyer, no price point.
If no one is willing to buy at $400,000, then the price isn't at $400,000. 
No one is setting the price except the open free market. The price is always the amount that the last buyer/seller agreed on in the market.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:00:28
I literally have no idea what it is, a quick google search didn't help either.
However the file/program name, question about removing firewall, and your post history threw up a bunch of red flags.
Provide some links to said videos and people here will be better able to help.
With that said, the initial assumption is that you're trying to get bitcoin with as little effort/work/cost as possible. There simply aren't any shortcuts and you can't cheat the system. You want several thousand dollars worth of Bitcoin whether through an exchange, mining with special dedicated hardware+electricity, you need to spend roughly that to get it. It's close to zero sum with equal money in, equal value out.
@_date: 2019-06-03 21:29:29
Can you not setup and run your own node and query it at any time?
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:42:20
That's terrible, at least you're doing better and are able to get back on your feet. That's more than many others are able to do.
While it's not great to hear, but those coins are gone. It's best to keep looking and moving forward. If you do decide to get back into Bitcoin, take special care to try and maintain backups. A mnemonic brain wallet could help where you generate a secure seed and memorize it in addition to securely printing and storing it.
@_date: 2019-05-28 08:49:10
It more or less died,  has seemingly taken its place. It's a similar and mostly complete replica, but missing a couple things here and there.
@_date: 2018-12-20 13:09:46
While you may not realize it, there is an actual issue with the satoshi coins that could be considered for a hardfork.
First, Satoshi absolutely deserves every single coin he/she/they have and should never have that taken away.
With that said, the supposed Satoshi stash, and many early coins are weak to quantum computing. Early version of Bitcoin exposed the public key of the coinbase transaction using pay to public key instead of public key hash.
Of course, quantum computing isn't magic and each of the exposed public key holding 50 coins would have to be attacked individually. It would still be slow and take time, but it could be done. 
Keep in mind, re-using the same address also makes you weak, which is why it's recommended not to re-use addresses.
In a way it could act as a boom in quantum advancement as it could be seen as a sort of bounty to increase computing power similar to mining. 
Satoshi could in a way help fund a quantum development race.
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:53:05
No, quantum computing capabilities with brute forcing does not completely break the security of bitcoin.
Once again quantum computing isn't magic. Being able to crack a single public key wouldn't instantly make every coin in an address with an exposed public key able to be stolen. Yes, the general thought process remains in that it's better to be a good actor and join in mining, than a bad one in attempting the attacks. It does however open up a new attack vector that a bad actor could take regardless of initial costs.
First, it would take several years just to prove it can be done. Going from theory to practical exploit on a single address is a slow and long process. It's not something that goes from secure one day, to completely broken the next.
Second, quantum computing will make the attack possible on some addresses, not all. Only addresses that have been used multiple times which have exposed public keys are vulnerable. Each address still has to be attacked individually they cannot be attacked simultaneously with a single instance.
The price of bitcoin would drop, as well as the entire economy as nearly everything relies heavily on far weaker security measures than the current implementation of bitcoin. Even still, a crashing bitcoin price would be temporary as it would be quickly shown that the new attack vectors are not that big of a threat when precautions are taken and new updates roll out.
If you have an address with an exposed public key IE signing/broadcasting a transaction, message, or have an old pre 2011 address which used pay to public key the solution is simple. Make a new transaction, moving the full balance to a new address and voila you are now secure from quantum computing. A more hardened algorithm may be introduced for public/private key with a fork at which point you can move your balance to the new format at that point.
At the end of the day, quantum is only a threat to old untouched pre 2011 coins and those with exposed public keys. A weakness could be exploited that allows individual addresses to be attacked one at a time. Brute forcing would still be exceedingly disproportional to time/cost of running said attack. As quantum advances making computing faster, it could become profitable to expend resources in trying to "steal" individual blocks of 50 coins from the satoshi stash if they remain unmoved/not forked to prevent their movement. Keep in mind, the time to brute force a single address could still be years even with advanced quantum computing. However an arms race between nations and companies to bring that time down to months, weeks, or even days in order to "steal" coins in a public key could occur. This is a potential catalyst in a huge push to the development and advancement of computing as a whole.
The whole point of it being better to mine with said computing power is true, up until the difficulty increases and block reward lowers where a balance is found between mining and attacking.
If the Satoshi stash legacy is to help push the world into the future of computing at an expedited rate, I'm happy with that.
I do not see this type of event killing bitcoin.
