@_author: dedragon40
@_date: 2019-11-29 10:36:30
@_date: 2019-11-29 10:33:56


No they don’t, that’s a terrible way of diversifying a portfolio. Fx trading requires a large amount of skill, and it requires actively analyzing the market. The vast majority of people who attempt trading in fx end up with losses; it’s a speculation, not an investment. 


This argument is so flawed that I don’t understand what outlook you have on economics. The big advantage of inflation is that it discourages saving and encourages investments and consumption.
How will you sustain production if no one wants to invest in the market anymore? How will you deal with the effects of reduced spending, i.e lower consumption, lower capital investments; which in turn lead to lower demand, less production and higher unemployment?
I don’t understand why anyone would want to go back to the medieval ages where people save up wealth and only spend money on basic necessities.
@_date: 2019-12-22 21:53:13
Why are butters consistently the most economically illiterate?
Since when is a fucking car considered a collective good? Even soviets viewed cars as personal property.
@_date: 2019-12-22 21:35:14


ok Reagan
@_date: 2019-12-22 21:01:12
Lmao how would you be private then? All those things require bookkeeping, so your name is still going to be tied to a bitcoin-&gt;USD exchange whenever you buy stuff. No way the IRS aren’t going to look for high value BTC transactions like real estate or jewelry. Unless you’re buying from black markets in foreign countries, in which case you’re going to lose plenty of BTC to scammers and fraud like the rest of people whose bitcoins were “hacked” or disappeared.
@_date: 2019-12-23 12:35:46
Oh boy this just keeps getting better. Thanks for proving my point about your economics literacy.


Not according to Hayek and the Mises institute. These tend to be wrong on economics in favor of their anti-socialism bias.
Roads are considered collective goods. Explain why they’re not, without assuming that all roads have tolls and that fuel tax is an indirect tax (as opposed to financing externality costs of gas emission).
@_date: 2019-12-22 21:49:22


This is so fucking stupid. Ok, let’s see how that works when there’s a market crash.
With fiat: government was able to recover with the Keynesian economics
With BTC: government can’t do shit, because people will convert all their USD to BTC to prevent loss. 
Fiat: oil crisis was bad, but eventually recovered.
BTC: oil crisis means you convert your declining dollars to BTC so you can buy gas for your car. USD goes into hyperinflation and the petrodollar is eliminated. American economy crashes and oil prices are ruled by OPEC.
Fiat: bank bailout and new monetary policy, unfair but worked.
BTC: again, you convert to BTC to avoid the high inflation and losing money with the crashing stock market. Now the US can’t bail out the banks, they can’t use monetary nor fiscal policy, and the economy for Americans is ruined.
@_date: 2019-12-22 20:47:45
They don’t force you to do anything. Government has jurisdiction within its borders as recognized by national and international law, and government decided that there’s a fee if you want to engage in economic activity within its public infrastructure and/or using collective goods. Don’t like it? Move. Don’t engage in economic activity. Otherwise, you’re clearly committing a crime and robbing the government’s constituents and shareholders, while you’re illegally depreciating the value of the USD.
So much for NAP.
@_date: 2019-12-22 21:24:48
Do you actually know how markets work?
The title says $5b, that means you’re moving DOLLARS. How do you intend to move DOLLARS using bitcoin without buying and selling?
Or maybe you think they should just buy and HODL. That wouldn’t be moving USD, but ok. Put in successive orders for BTC. Every purchase you make, as these are large purchases, will make the demand bigger. So your purchases will all have different exchange rates when you’ve spent the $5b. Now, this money might be worth $20b! In a month, it might be worth $40b. Or $500m. You have no way of knowing, and that’s why it’s an idiotic idea to move large amounts of money in BTC.