@_author: deebeedubbs
@_date: 2017-03-07 22:34:29
Except that the most powerful institutions in the US are part of an unelected bureaucracy (DoD, NSA, CIA), with principles and values that are grandfathered in from one administration to the next. The discrepancy between what the people want and what the people get from government is enormous. Gilens and Page, two Princeton political scientists, analyzed twenty years of polling data and found that there is a near-zero, statistically insignificant amount of power that the bottom 90% of the US exercise over public policy decisions. The public policy opinions of the top 10%, on the other hand, correlate pretty well with policy outcomes. See: [this]( and the [original paper]( for more info.
@_date: 2017-03-07 23:31:39
The problem is that deeply-entrenched power structures are unaccountable to the people. That's partly the point of the Gilens and Page paper: public opinion doesn't drive policy. Power isn't given to the DoD, NSA, or CIA directly from the people; we elect an executive who has *some* power over those institutions, but the bureaucracy is so vast that it can't be dismantled by one person. Likewise, there aren't viable candidates for office who challenge those existing power structures, since it's very difficult to gain political traction without engaging with moneyed interests that benefit from state power. It's near-impossible not to contribute to the system without moving out of the country or living off the grid. You can't avoid paying taxes without punishment and tax dollars are spent to empower entities, such as the military, that cause harm.
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:27:06
Good on you. No sarcasm.
@_date: 2017-03-07 22:46:50
When corporations control the government and enable monopolistic control, then they're a major problem. We have state monopoly capitalism and the basic rights of US citizens are compromised for the sake of private control of some markets that ought to be, at least in my opinion, public: healthcare, education, libraries, police force, fire protection, and maybe food and shelter. Even the founder of modern libertarianism, Hayek, believed that the state ought to provide basic health, shelter, and food. Free markets, which in the classical sense implies a lack of monopolies/oligopolies, in areas that aren't crucial to basic existence work well. Our government just hasn't busted up monopolies in about a century and fails to protect the commons against polluters/human rights abusers/etc. I'm also a fan of having worker representatives on the boards of corporations, as is done in Germany.
@_date: 2018-02-16 21:30:54
Right. Its creation was also funded by a central bank.
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:08:14
More specifically, orange-hued infants.