@_author: deeda
@_date: 2018-02-07 02:59:07
Quick q - how did you cash out or make the purchase? Did u buy it in bitcoin or convert to usd and transfer to your bank account? 
@_date: 2017-09-03 14:00:10
Dude governments provide social services, they protect the weak and the poor (at least when functioning correctly). If you look at the level of social services in the EU it's incredible - even in the US they are quite remarkable. Food stamps, unemployment benefits, social security, health care, on and on and on. Does crypto plan on providing all this with enough trust that the elderly and weak and infirm will feel safe? Then you have the military. We can debate how stupid wasting money on wars is all we want, but the point is - for example - if NK launches a nuke and hits Los Angeles, you better believe it's not going to be an army of day trading Alt-coiners that are going to save the day or defend us. So the military when needed, is an extremely important component of any government. This notion that BTC is going to decouple power structures is completely pie in the sky thinking - and it's not even something people truly want. Here's what I mean:
Without relying on trust to complete a transaction is not the same as throwing centralized trust out the window. For example, there are so many levels of trust within just Bitcoin Prime. At this point you could say some people didn't have trust in BTC and so they saw a slightly different way forward with BCH. Speculators and investors don't know how this will play out in the next few years so they hold both BTC and BCH - essentially hedging their trust between two versions of Bitcoin. If you pull back even further, every alt-coin is competing for your trust to complete future transactions in various categories of your life - working with existing banking systems (Ripple), making your purchases and transactions truly anonymous and hidden (Monero) - etc. On and on we are essentially placing our trust in these various BlockChain based technologies and startups. 
My point is, what happens when lets say some group decides to dump their coins and run off with the money? What happens if some unforeseen disaster happens in terms of hacking or some other failure where you massive amounts of nodes are destroyed or frozen in some way and the entire mining and decentralized verification process comes to a grinding halt? Who do you call when the bitcoin address you sent your millions to during an ICO was hacked and replaced with some thief's wallet address? 
Part of me likes the idea to espouse the notion of our humanity and societies being truly "free", but what does that even really mean? The reality is much more complicated. Centralized structures can be misused to harm and take advantage of people, but so can decentralized structures (who is to say as more forks occur there is not one fork that somehow devalues Bitcoin Prime to something extremely low thereby wiping out a lot of people's savings?). 
With a centralized authority (or trust structure) you at least have some recourse or regulation to watch over things or make some sort of guarantee that they will protect your assets. I know this is not a popular notion here. But someday when shit goes wrong and there is no one to call, no one to email, and maybe even no way to access anything online - I'm sure people will wish there was some sort of centralized control to get answers from or even punish if needed. 
The federal reserve was created to prevent inflation and keep the value of the dollar as stable as possible - not to make people poor and weak or whatever nonsense. If we truly want BTC to succeed we have to realize that at some point we will have to figure out how to have greater stability, and therefore greater trust, in the value of a single BTC. As it stands now, we're on an upward trend talking about people becoming millionaires and it sounds so great. But don't think for a second that it can't go the other way where you end with like Zimbabwe. I suppose if it does our group of merry decentralized supporters will just find solace in that we did it to ourselves instead of at the hands of some evil centralized entity...
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:49:19
well... what if... a few years ago this was a drive sold using bitcoin? The seller had a garage sale and listed all the prices in BTC and then had friends come over and spend their bitcoin. I guess then it's cool you own a drive that someone paid 4 million dollars for... kinda like that one dude who bought a 45 million dollar pizza or whatever.