@_author: deego3
@_date: 2017-03-23 05:58:57
Absolutely true. The real consideration could be a weighted sum of miner vote and ownership vote.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:01:55
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:55:08
It is somewhat sad to see the herd being such a, well, herd. 
They've been lied to by the self-anointed bitcoin successor many times by now. Gavin *drove* satoshi away by going to CIA. And, then, very conveniently, became the director of bitcoin. All the while the real work and real fires were doused by others. The fires, you know, that were associated with even the 1MB fork being too large(!)  Even as everyone's hero, Satoshi, was pleading for "not too much heat", Gavin did that any way. But, subtlety and subtle messages are lost on the herd.
Gavin lied again to the herd when he said there's a broad consensus among developers. Consensus? There's not even a majority. Majority? Heck, it's one person in the whole core team who believes in this disaster that he's now hoisted upon us.
But, the herd is easily swayed by populist arguments: "zomg, it will get centralized." Whereas the fact is that increasing the block size is what will lead to centralization.
The herd doesn't care for technical arguments. The herd believes in voting away global warming. The herd has a loud mouth.  The herd cares for hero-worship, and in Gavin, they found one. And, in theymos' moderation, they found a "zomg free speech" cause for revolution. A revolution they can engage in, by spamming stuff deemed off-topic by mods.
Re this hero-worship, too bad they aren't paying attention to Szabo's comments about the new fork being disastrous.  The same Szabo that the herd equates with Satoshi...
Thankfully, miners have real economic interests. And, they, hopefully, employ real technical people who actually study the topic. No wonder most pools have indicated reluctance to go along with Gavin's foolhardy patch. So, XT has no real chance, however loud the herd may be. No wonder most core developers are being appropriately cautious.   
So, if you are tired of being lied to, open your eyes, for once.  And, stop this nonsense. Go study the actual topic, the economics of it, the technology, and then figure out why the team can't just vote in ponies for all of you. Because, you know, they do need to figure out who's going to pony up for the ponies.  
A larger block size is not just a free lunch. Go study the problems associated with it. And, you cannot just *vote* to allow speeds greater than that of light.
Are you tired of being lied to, yet?
@_date: 2015-08-27 20:06:31


You forgot to add this to the list: 
* A divisive hard fork 
@_date: 2015-08-20 06:50:01
You know, the real question is why Foundation leadership thought it was acceptable to publish a member's private email and attack his employer -- when that member asked a simple critical question about the foundation's appointments.
@_date: 2017-05-02 11:28:04
OP: If you see Roger Ver for who he is, what were you even doing at bitcoin.com? 