@_author: deep-sea-driver
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:46:30
I haven't watched the documentary but I did read the book American Kingpin about Ross where they discuss in detail how, when, and why he built the Silk Road.  He did, in his legal defense, claim this was untrue and that he was one of several people all using the moniker DPR but that seems highly unlikely given the evidence.  I tend to believe Ross acted (mostly) alone given that the reason they caught him was he used his real name on the first mention of Silk Road online ever (an advertisement on the website Shroomery).  If he didn't build it alone he was at least present from day one, involved heavily in the coding and decision making, and while the hit does seem out of character I wouldn't be able to rule it out.  I am going to add that movie to my watch list though, thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2018-07-31 16:16:31
This is the right answer (imo); even if he did it there was no incentive for the prosecutor to try him for it given the severity of the other charges brought against him. Given that it walked a fine line on entrapment it makes sense they would avoid it altogether.
More details:  The "Hitman" was a corrupt govt agent (can't remember what organization) who volunteered his services to DPR--when Ross agreed they took pictures of the "dead" man to prove it was done and gain favor (in reality they simply arrested the guy and had him in a hotel). 
Edit: he did converse with another user of the Silk Road who claimed to be affiliated with the Hell's Angels before the hit I mentioned above. He did explicitly ask that a murder was carried out on that occasion as well but there's no proof it ever happened. The Hell's Angel could've been anyone and just took the money and said he did it. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 15:46:48
Thanks for the reply.  Variety Jones was definitely influential in the decision making once the gears of the site were turning.  But I'm not convinced that because several people had a voice that Ross wasn't the creator and didn't have the final say on everything.  The chat logs with VJ seem to support this.  The 'multiple DPR theory' is pretty strong, though.  I think Ross may have intentionally left some clues to this for the exact thing that ended up happening--to give himself a Hail Mary in court.  (This is a wild accusation and founded by nothing but opinion). 
I understand the programming aspect for sure and it does seem hard to believe that someone with no formal training could accomplish something as large of scope as the Silk Road; However, Ross is both very intelligent and was driven by what he felt was his life's purpose.  He also had help from a programmer (who testified in his trial that he helped Ross with the coding).  Ross eventually told Bates (the programmer) that he sold the site and quit asking for his help.  Either that is true and he was brought back in to the Silk Road later as he claimed in his testimony or (what I believe) is he said this to convince the programmer, who also knew him in real life, that he was clean.  This came just days after someone threatened Ross on his facebook that the 'government would like to know about his site'.  So it stands to reason he would be trying to distance himself however possible.
At the end of the day I don't think we'll know definitively the whole story until Ross tells it, and I don't know that he ever will.  I do think at least most of us agree he was used as an example unfairly.  I hope reason prevails and he is able to live some of his life as a free man.