@_author: defaultuser0
@_date: 2015-12-02 13:28:10
I think that the parallels you mention might just happen to be coincidental.  I don't know much about about bitcoin, not enough to know if your points are all right or not.  
I don't know if fiat currency is poisonious...but historically they haven't been able to last.
My perception is from an economic standpoint, which is Bitcoin is a new tool and not based on the fiat system.  What's nice about bitcoin is that its stability is partially based on controlled rarity.  And because its digital currency, you can break Bitcoin down into any size so I would think there is unlimited money in the money pool.  
The New Wild sounds like an interesting book I will have to check out.  I'll have to read it to see if I can feel the parallels, but in general I see BTC as a more flexible tool than hard units.  And the jury is probably still out, an economist out there could comment better on how BTC might evolve
@_date: 2015-12-02 15:01:10


I've never conceived of money as being able to be lifelike.  Do you mean our usage of currency?  Or where its spent?  I didn't understand where had this idea either.
Sorry, I wasn't being literal when I meant poisonous.  I'm referring to the idea that governments tent to turn their money into fiat currency because there isn't enough of a particular asset to back up the money.  If you weren't aware, some time in our history the USD stopped being on the gold standard (when you could technically go to the bank and ask the bank for gold in exchange for your money (which I think was in Fort Knox at the time), so some people have been doomsayers, saying our USD is doomed, because civilizations like Rome used fiat currency and I think went into an economic depression which contributed to their downfall.
I don't disagree with you that fiat currency has its advantanges, I wasn't advocating it.  I don't really know what's the best form of currency for people.  But if I haven't misunderstood fiat money, isn't it the idea that your money's value isn't based on gold or anything physical, the value is based on the government's promise that they'll give you something in exchange for your money.
My understanding of economy isn't that the Treasury can just print money for no cost to the economy.  It's difficult to make up value out of no where.  You can print more money, but the more you print and the less you have something to back up the value, the more the value of that currency drops (ie., inflation).  
Where did you get the idea that, &gt;This means that, on average, money flows out of the US and real wealth flows out of every other country, into the US.
If that theory were true, why wouldn't wealth flow into any other economy when they print money?  Sorry if that doesn't make sense to me. 
@_date: 2015-12-03 20:29:51
Thanks for giving me a detailed response.  What I think is based on what I learned on school, an institution I rely on being correct (but I know it's not always correct).
I don't see how an economy using currency (not pure barter) can work if there is insufficient money, as it would cause as you said, deflation.  
I'm not an economist, so I have a hard time knowing who is right.  I've heard arguments that are a bit antithetical to one another on the topic of effects of "free currency" injected into an economy.  On one side I've heard arguments that putting money into a dying economy is bad, because it doesn't fix the primary problem of the "proper value of money"(not sure how to explain it better, at the moment), it would cause deflation (which can be healthy for the economy, but poor for the participants).  
On the other side people also say that if you let the economy die/fix itself, it will do more societal damage and cause more suffering, especially those who are less financially well off.  
It sounds like our educational background on economics is about the same, but I haven't really done too much reading on economics personally.  You are right especially that both are interesting because they're complex systems.  I grew up in a family that ran a small business, so I have some basic ideas about economic ideas.  And most of the analogies I use to try to explain the economy to people are using biological examples (ie., I believe that an economy is an ecology of sorts in itself.  And for example, if one is a business owner, one should know what food sources/animals/customer type one needs to "hunt").  I'll check out that essay, though if its high level stuff it might go over my head.  I'm still working on the basics for economics :)
@_date: 2015-12-02 18:50:38
I think I get what you're referring to, as far as what happens with the value of currencies in relation to two economies; and one is stronger than the other.


So, the flow of 'money a' from country A into country B would be large and the flow of money b into A would be small. With 'money a' leaving country A, the scarcity and preciousness of 'money a' would have to increase. The authorities would be left with two choices: 1. do nothing - and wait for prices and wages to be cut (deflation) or 2. print more money, which is basically free. They choose the latter. 


I do agree with this bit, because it does happen quite a bit in some places around the world.  


This is where I don't think is correct.  The value of the money A might be more in country B, due to the laws of supply and demand, but not country A, because country A monetary machine (ours is the FED/Treasure, the President, and Congress) has to have enough money supply in the money pool for an economy to move.  
But I know we can't, as a country "just print money".  Well, they can, but doing it wrong causes hyperinflation, just like what happened to the new government of Germany after WWI to repay the Treaty of Versaiiles, I remember seeing pics of people in school using barrels of money to buy a loaf of bread.  
I figure after a monetary system becomes fiat, the value of the currency will be dependent on the strength of that particular country, and the stability of that country's government.  
You seem pretty informed about this, though I'm uncertain where you found some of your ideas.  Mine are from economy classes in highschool, then several years of micro and macro economy for my Business Admin degree, so I'm not an economist.  My interest in biology is stronger, and it was one of my strongest subjects, so I am pretty interested in ecologies and whatnot.  