@_author: defcon2510
@_date: 2019-04-23 22:19:06
What a great point!
@_date: 2019-04-23 23:04:20
I agree
@_date: 2019-04-23 22:34:59
How on earth did you get to the point of the internet doesn’t create any goods? The internet created an entire damn industry or multiple industries rather. It was the first time in a long time the US govt had a budget surplus because of the enormous growth of the economy thanks to the internet and taxing that. The internet at its core is a medium of communication (and arguably exchange). When you mine bitcoin, you don’t create any goods. Fiat money is printed when the goods have already been created and the money is already ‘there’, you’re simply making it physical. Go back to my analogy with the apples and bananas and consider the fact that the grape guy when going to purchase the apples cannot do so without having some physical currency. So the government prints the money, which then it is legally acceptable as currency, so the grape guy can use the money to purchase an Apple and the Apple guy can do whatever he wants with it. The money is just there to show the exchange happened, in a sense. Bitcoin can serve the same function but its largest issue is that fact that it’s literally made up bullshit, it has no backing whatsoever. People trust the USD and thus it has value, people don’t trust a belief that bitcoin has any value.
@_date: 2019-04-23 22:25:09
I understand money is a concept. I explained how and why money was created by us as a medium of exchange, or gave an analogy of it rather. Fiat money is backed by something, it’s backed by a government that people trust with their lives and livelihoods. The reason bitcoin is so unstable is because it’s not backed by anything. My USD is backed by the United States of America or its government rather. Ensuring that it has value and can be exchanged for goods within the US. If you go back in our history, you’ll see why a national dollar was created instead of leaving it up to private banks to have their own bills. I don’t understand why it’s stretching it to say gold was always valuable. Everyone from the ancient Greeks up to today valued gold, you could probably go further back.
@_date: 2019-04-23 22:36:43
Money is meant to be worth something as a medium of exchange, unless you mean a dollar is meant to be worthless to print? And I agree with the rest of the points you made.
@_date: 2019-04-23 23:03:22
My bad for saying a dollar produces a good, I agree with the first point.
Money most certainly is a store of value. According to wikipedia “A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved. More generally, a store of value is anything that retains purchasing power into the future.” Yes money depreciates, but you can still use it to purchase something in the future. That point you made would mean there’s no reason for banks to exist because their function is to literally store money. $1 back in 1960 would purchase more than it does now but you can still buy something with a dollar today.
What I meant by the creation of goods is how 
 in my analogy of the grape guy purchasing apples, he needs to have some sort of a currency to purchase the Apple. Instead of the grape guy trading grapes for apples, he gives him a dollar which the Apple guy can use to buy the banana. The dollar is just there to facilitate the exchange of goods. What are YOU doing to earn the bitcoin? You’re simply letting a program solve mathematical problems that facilitates no exchange of goods. There is absolutely no reason for why I would want your bitcoin, or anyone else. That’s my issue with bitcoin, why would anyone want it? It’s as if you picked up “shit” off the sidewalk and said it has value. 
Disregarding the energy consumption point because i agree with you.
You’re purchasing something when you buy into a company. You’re purchasing a portion of the company. “Having done nothing else but pay for it” what??? I purchased a computer, having done nothing else but pay for it. My money has value because I produced a good to obtain the money, with which i can now buy into a company. So you believe oil billionaires just found oil in someone’s backyard? Not they hired hundreds of thousands of dollars of researchers to geographically pinpoint the most likely position oil might be in? You finding oil in your backyard is so ridiculously rare it’s not even worth considering. That’s why things are also worth money because they’re simply rare. Diamonds and gold have no practical application except for looking pretty and being rare. Factory made diamonds are literally worthless.
Paintings are worth money because the highest bidder is willing to pay that amount to obtain it. Paintings aren’t the same as goods because there is only ONE of it. You can’t manufacture it. Again it’s worth money because it’s rare. 
We can’t do the same thing with ANY mineral or rock found in the earth because it isn’t as rare as gold. Dozens and dozens of minerals are worth more than gold because they’re rare. Ruby’s, diamonds, sapphires, emeralds, etc. Yes someone with money said they’d be willing to pay x amount for this rare material that does nothing but just looks pretty. But bitcoin is the epitome of uselessness, it does not look pretty, it’s not rare, it isn’t backed by anyone/anything, does not facilitate the exchange of goods when initially obtaining it, and I could go on. Fiat money is backed by something, gold is rare and looks pretty, and both gold and fiat money facilitate the exchange of goods when initially obtaining it (unless you happen to find gold or rob a bank).