@_author: defenestrat0r
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:48:27
Has it occurred to anyone else that Mt. Gox could be making a lot of money from the difference between their prices and those on other exchanges? 
Mt. Gox users can't transfer their coins to other exchanges so if they want to sell they have to sell them on Mt. Gox at the current Mt. Gox price. So if I sell one coin to Mt. Gox for $300, Mt. Gox can then go and re-sell that coin on another exchange for $600 and pocket the difference.
@_date: 2014-03-21 14:30:37
"We found $100,000,000 we forgot we had". Clearly a well run business operation.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:31:35
"In the event of recent news reports".  What does that mean? Do you mean "because of recent news reports"? If so how does vanishing help with that?
"and the potential repercussions on MtGox's operations" What possible "potential repercussions" could there be? You were already suspended!
"a decision was taken to close all transactions for the time being". Until when? Are you trying to say that this is temporary?
"in order to protect the site and our users" how the fucking fuck does it "protect users" to vanish without explanation along with all their money?  Please explain!
"We will be closely monitoring the situation" you are the fucking situation! We are the ones monitoring it and I can report that the situation is that there is nothing to monitor!
"and will react accordingly". I believe this may be the most meaningless phrase in this entire meaningless statement.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:35:33
Dear Mt. Gox Customers,
Recently there have been certain events and issues that may or may not have had an impact on certain things including, possibly, other things that have also had an impact on some more things. Those things are things that we are going to solve with a Solution. We are working to identify the things so that we can start thinking about beginning to plan to work on the Solution that will resolve them. Although we don't have the Solution yet we expect that it will take a looooong time and will involve re-indexing the contextual hashchain subtext of our windex using an abacus, to better serve our customers. Once that is done everything will be alright again probably. We will update you as soon as we can think of something to say that won't accidentally reveal any information. Thank you for your patience/ impotent rage.
Love from Mark.
PS. praying for another tsunami! LOL jking.
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:11:34
I haven't wanted to acknowledge it, since they have a lot of my money, but this "update" confirms it.....they are finished. Dead, gone bust, emptied the safe and closed up shop. There is no other possible explanation. The last update sounded like an excuse but there was still some hope. The announcement today is pure bullshit. They haven't even given a time frame for the next update, let alone a date for withdrawals to resume. If the delay was just for testing they would have finished it by now or at the very least be able to say it will be finished in x number of days and withdrawals will resume then.  The suspension is now clearly not for the reasons they are stating. They have been lying all along and now we all know that they're lying.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:23:34
There is a lot of speculation because you haven't given us any useful information at all.  All we know is you stopped withdrawals and made a lot of excuses which didn't all make sense, and then the entire website disappeared along with everyone's money and all we got was a vague, poorly worded paragraph full of euphemisms like "a solution to our recent issues". What is going on? Why can't you just be honest with the people who have given you their money? 
What are the "issues"? You've blamed malleability, security and the media but those things are plainly just excuses. So what's the real problem? What is the proposed solution if there is one? How long will it take?  
The fact that you can't or won't provide any of that basic detail is the reason for the speculation.
What really annoys me that you have the audacity to ask your customers to "refrain from asking questions"! Are you serious? You've disappeared with a huge amount of other people's money and no explanation, and you want people to stop annoying you with questions?? We'd like it if you would refrain from issuing vague useless statements and either tell us what is going on or give people their money back.
@_date: 2018-11-21 00:19:29
No! If you don't have surplus funds to invest don't invest. Guaranteed to break even that way which is a better return than most get.
@_date: 2013-11-26 19:39:05
I hadn't seen that site before- thanks!  Did someone just buy 245BTC at $936??
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:48:08
I think the music industry, film industry, cable TV industry and other industries that are used to having their victims/customers over a barrel and making insane profits off them are completely useless when their entire business paradigm changes because new technology places choice back in the hands of the people.  They'll huff and puff and threaten their customers until the horse has well and truly bolted out the barn door, grown old, died, been processed into dog food and eaten by puppies then shat onto a garden and grown into a flower bed.  Then they'll possibly make a meaningful effort to re-engage with their customers, none of whom will care.
TL;DR: Yes