@_author: defengar
@_date: 2014-02-23 12:43:15
The type of people who want significant wealth in non traceable, untaxable currency are likely already engaged in immoral actions.
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:37:56
Apple does not really come up with idea's, but they do build on other peoples, and make them actually good.
1.) Itunes is better, most people will agree with that. It was itunes that turned the music industry on its head, not winamp.
2.) I didn't say there were not others. However, a lot of them were either cheap pieces of crap, or bulky, ridiculous Sony ones.
3.) Back then Blackberries were not touch screen phones that people today would consider as a "real" smart phone. Almost everything about them was improved upon by the iphone or gotten rid of in exchange for something else.
4.) NO DIP. I even mentioned Bill Gates was showing off tablets over 10 years ago. The issue is, no other tablet before the original ipad actually embodied the potential of a tablet, and none were really consumer oriented.
Also, that "trick" is a good idea, and if other companies can't figure out a way to replicate it without patent infringement, sucks for them.
Their products are expensive because the market still pays for them. Maybe you should take an econ 101 class.
They are able to price their stuff high because they make quality products with premium materials that have well below the industry average failure rates, great warranties, and great customer service.
I personally don't own any apple products. I have an android phone, windows laptops, and windows rt tablet. However that doesn't mean I am blind to how other companies work.
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:58:04
The cartels would disagree.
@_date: 2014-02-22 08:09:19
Actually the scarcity would be more than fine for gold and silver.
One of the big issues rare metals have faced as a basis for currency in the last 200 years in that due to the massive population explosion during the industrial revolution (that hasn't stopped), rare metals have not been able to be mined in enough quantity for most countries to be able to back their paper currency with them.
300 years ago and before when the human population was a mere fraction of what it is now, there was enough gold and silver (and copper for the lowest masses) and a small enough human population for rare metal coins to be in full circulation without even needing paper notes.
If 15% of world population survives this massive event, they will slowly begin to gather retrievable gold and silver stashes and begin using them as a physical currency.
Eventually populations will recover enough for nations to form, gold currency will slowly be replaced in regular commerce with gold backed notes, and eventually, we would return to fiat. However gold would remain a good hedge investment as it is now. (were talking reeeally far in the future here when society is mostly back to normal)
@_date: 2014-02-23 14:39:14
You must be really popular at your high school.
Also, thanks for not addressing my actual point and continuing to derail the conversation because what I am saying is interfering with your cute little world view. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:32:20
Alright then, lets dissect your world view.
You think its bad the US spends too much money on the military. To some extent, I agree with you on that. However, when it comes to world matter, we have to be the big kid on the block because we simply are the big kid on the block. Were naturally bigger, stronger, and more naturally endowed than most other countries in the world even discounting a couple of military branches.
We could go isolationist, and we might be fine, but the rest of the world wouldn't. Last time we did that was right after WW1. Turned out great huh.
Right now Russia and China are growing in power and influence again. Putin wants Russia to be a super power once again capable of not being the butt of Western Europe's jokes, and China is grabbing and hoarding every natural resource it can get its hands on as it tries to solidify a place at the top of the global food chain.
Without the possibility of US intervention. Russia and China would both adopt much more aggressive policies. The only thing stopping China from seizing Taiwan under Mao, and possibly even today is that threat. Russia darting around behind the scenes in Eastern Europe and the ME is because of that threat.
The US is the undisputed king of the seas. Our naval dominance keeps the oceans from becoming pirate infested, guarantees the safety of world trade, and allows us to get help to disaster struck coastal area's quickly to provide help.
All of this takes muscle. And that muscle takes money to run. Money from taxes, and taxes go towards other things too. Things like sidewalks, schools, fire departments, and the CDC. Things that are truly absolutely vital domestic programs.
Also, would you have preferred I use "Whats it like living in your mother's basement?" instead because its more realistic? Kind of shooting yourself in the foot there pal.
@_date: 2014-02-23 13:46:00
International drug trade, human trafficking, espionage, child pornography, fraud, general white collar crime, arms dealing, and blackmail among many other lucrative and highly illegal fields. All of which Bitcoin appeal too due to its specific decentralized and unregulated properties. At least for immediate transactions that is.
Also your last part is 3edgy5me and was not relevant to the conversation.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:19:56
Not legally it doesn't.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:46:13
1.) thats your opinion. The fact is, iTunes revolutionized the music industry.
2.) That cheap POS will have awful sound quality.
3.) The majority of the US now uses touch screen phones, and quit a few that don't, wish they were. That is one of the reasons Blackberry is dead in the water. Also, I don't believe BB phones in 2008 could play video (I may be wrong about that though).
4.) Everyone builds on the shoulders of giants in the tech industry.
All the major software and hardware companies hold a ton of patents, and all of them will go after competitors who try and sneak a use of an important one without negotiating first. You almost always only hear about Apple doing this though because Apple news gets the most page clicks.
I was not talking about hardware when I said materials. I was talking about the build materials. Which are completely superior to almost everything competing with Apple products in their product class. An iPad feels more premium than any android tablet I have ever held, and the HTC One is the only android phone I have ever used that can match the iPhones quality feel.
As for customer service, how does always respecting the customer mean bad customer service? If you have an Apple product under proper warranty, you can take it into an Apple store, and they will do everything in their power to fix, or replace it. Samsung, HTC, Asus, etc... all have absolutely garbage CS reputations in comparison. Apple won't send you a legal letter telling you to shut up and not to tell anyone if your iPhone blows up. Samsung on the other hand....
And? Each iPad costs Apple about 350 to make. That's not including marketing and R&amp;D. If you break your 16gb iPad air under warranty, and Apple replaces it, they are NOT making money on you.
What they are doing is instilling trust in you, which means you are likely to buy from them again and make yourself a profitable customer for them again.
And trust me when I say this, there is no way any Apple product could make you seem like more of a douchenozzle than your false sense of superiority does. In the professional world Apple is popular for a reason. They make good, well supported products (both physically, and software wise.
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:41:42
People were still willing to kill for gold during the height of the black death when a third of Europe's population was dying in the streets.
Purses full of gold, and even looted rare metal statues have been found on the bodies of people who died running to the docks in Pompeii.
Bitcoin would be forgotten within a generation of the apocalypse. Gold. No. There hasn't been a moment in recorded human history where gold suddenly became worthless in any society where it previously held value. No matter how bad the cataclysm. People will barter guns, ammo, and consumables if and when an apocalypse level event happens. But they will also exchange gold for things as well because its a natural standard, and always has been. Small communities would begin to emerge very quickly after a massive SHTF event. The vast majority of people in times of crises try to unite into like minded groups, not strike it out alone. When small communities emerge, people with valuable skills (but difficult to place a barter value on) would begin to emerge too. When that happens, a currency is needed. And that would almost certainly be rare metals based.
@_date: 2014-02-11 15:09:59
1.) Itunes
2.) well built MP3 player than didn't look like crap
3.) The first "real" smart phone. 
4.) the first tablet computer than was actually good, and consumer oriented. Bill Gates was showing off tablets over 10 years ago with XP installed, the issue was they were super thick, slow as hell, and the battery life sucked.
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:23:47
When a person or group hordes enough of something they tend to form a centralized system to ensure they stay on top... whether that be currency or business market share. Cartels, trusts, oligarchies, etc... all form when there is an absence of a legitimate central authority to stop them.
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:54:58
Even in a non centralized system whoever can hoard the most supply still wields a tremendous amount of power over all. If you think what has happened to Gold or Silver multiple times can't happen to Bitcoin then you're dead wrong.