@_author: definitemethaddict
@_date: 2015-09-06 22:36:16
I figured this out myself yes. Made a dropper account then threw the coins between them, seemed to work OK.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:26:55
That's where *moderation* comes in. Trade a little, merch a little, and let the economy recover. Don't leech the economy for all it has. 
Leeching is a fair part of what happened to the global economy in the last couple of years. Leaching has the opposite effect on goods - once the price of gold goes down, the price of goods appear to go up. Technically, they don't, but people's wages don't rise either.
Make enough to eat and to live on, and re-invest. It's also partly down to the re-investment that helps the economy get back on it's feet. Besides, BTC is already in the beginnings of being treated like stock-market currency - people are buying and selling *and lending* in order to make a profit.
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:05:40
Fucking ages mate. Use bitstamp, it seems to be quicker.
@_date: 2013-04-21 15:24:57
All factors contributing, yes. However, it would help if mtgox wasn't giving me a 502...
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:34:18
Of course! There are even great similarities between BTC and the Euro, for example (being worth more in one currency than another), and this is even further risk. 
The uniqueness of Bitcoin, however, comes from it's continued growth. Every cycle, more coins are discovered (or partial coins), and the rate of growth steadily declines. This declination is slow enough to be unnoticeable over a short period of time, and the new coins add to the total treasury in a precise manner. 
However, most normal currencies suffer from mass printouts and additions, so that inflation is no longer steady but continues to jerk upwards in an untimely fashion. Couple this with the secret printouts that occurred during the global economic crash, and you have a giant cock-up. 
Bitcoin, however, is not controlled by one entity. No single entity can suddenly decree that an amount of currency should suddenly be printed, therefore it is a consistently stable currency.
By "Stable", I don't mean consistently of the same value. Rather, I mean that the coins will always be worth something, even after the end of coin discovery. Even if the Dollar, for example, drops in value to ten british pence, the Bitcoin is still going to be worth £100 (assuming that the pound remains stable throughout) or more. It is totally unreliant on other currencies.
Blah. The rest of my head is a jumble, I didn't get much sleep last night.
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:49:31
It looks fragile to a lot of people anyway, but thats because they rely on what the authorities tell them. The reluctance of the swissbank to recognise BTC as an international currency is one such example. 
However, the minority that DO use bitcoins profit from this. The rate at which coins are mined still outweighs the rate at which new users take up the currency, but when all the coins are produced there will be a select number of people who have them all. Said coinmongers can then sell them at hugely inflated prices, then somebody invents a new digital finance system and we all start again.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:28:04
It'll even out, of course. Bitcoin is unique in its resilience, but from time to time there are going to be big fluctuations like we just saw, it's going to cause panic, and the value will plummet again. 
The way to handle bitcoin is this:
When the prices plummet to under $100, buy ten or twenty BTC.
When the prices increase to $300 plus, sell as many as you can, triggering another dive.
As the price drops, repeat. 
If you buy enough bitcoins, you can eventually trigger your own dives and make a handsome profit in doing so. It's a little bit like how the larger corporations played the stock markets back in the eighties, before a little more legality was introduced.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:53:22
If you purchased them from an exchange, you could well do the currency a big favour by increasing it's price by a small amount. 