@_author: defiance158
@_date: 2014-07-09 16:44:38


There area very good arguments out there that the reversibility of money is a good thing.
@_date: 2014-07-09 16:04:57
Does it really matter who is at fault?
For every layer of a transaction that requires extra effort from a consumer, that statistically cuts out millions and millions of people from getting involved.
It is difficult to buy Bitcoin. Maybe not for you, or for a few thousand of us. But for most people Bitcoin is currently untouchable.
@_date: 2016-11-15 17:32:14
* 1 "No Official Bitcoin" - The keyword here is *official*. There could be 1 Bitcoin implementation, there could be 10, there could be 100. The point is that no single implementation is endorsed by any governing body, no single implementation is proclaimed or marketed as 'official'. We don't want an 'Official' Bitcoin for many reasons. It creates a target of attack by critics and dissenters, it suppresses the success of other implementations, etc.
* 2 "Multiple Implementations" - The difference between 2 and 1, is that issue 1 is a matter of endorsement and the keyword for 2 is *implementation****s***. The amount of bitcoin implementations should be &gt;1.   is *required* for  to make any sense - you must have multiple implementations otherwise a single implementation would be de-jure 'Official".
* 3 "Diversity of Innovation" - They keyword here is *innovation*. You could hypothetically have 100 identical implementations of bitcoin, all in competition with each other. That doesn't do Bitcoin any service for adaptation and survival. If one implementation has a weakness, then they all share that weakness, and they could all die. Think in terms of evolution; each implementation should be unique and fill a niche in the environment - then the implementations can flounder or flourish as the environment decides. This ensures continued survival as a whole - like a living species. 100 non-unique potatoes may cause a catastrophic potato famine. 100 unique potatoes insulate against damages that might incur against any 1 strain of potato. Survival continues.
* 4 "Bitcoin is leaderless" This is a governing matter. A centralized leadership is antithetical to the philosophy and objective of Bitcoin. It would destroy its own purpose. If we pick 1 guy, or 1 small group to lead Bitcoin, then Bitcoin could be destroyed by either internal corruption or by destroying that man/group. Decentralization is needed.
All of these are distinctly different, but are tightly woven together. Each point needs the other points to support it in order to be effective. It's a 4-stack Jenga, each requires the other to support the structure.
Summary. 
1 is Endorsement. 2 is Reproduction. 3 is Adaptation and Survival. 4 is Governance.
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:42:17
Hillary for Prison
@_date: 2016-11-15 18:31:48


Implementations can be identical, or so nearly-identical that they do not push innovation. We've seen this a million times with alt-coins back in 2013. Indentical implementations fail. If Bitcoin fails, its exact replicators fail.
Innovation is of utmost importance.
If you implement an exact copy of Bitcoin, then you 'compete' with Bitcoin and your implementation will be crushed by Bitcoin.
If you implement a version of Bitcoin with new features (like smart contracts, email, different algorithms, proof of stake, etc) then you are innovating. You set yourself apart from Bitcoin. You ensure the survival of your implementation by not engaging in direct competition of Bitcoin. If Bitcoin fails, that doesn't mean your implementation will fail as well - for you have adapted through innovation.
Innovation is what spurs adaptation, its what fills niches, its what insulates against destruction.
Furthermore, your innovative implementation can fail - but that doesn't mean Bitcoin will fail for the same reason.
Again  is saying you need Replication.  is saying that Replication requires differentiation in order to hold purpose and facilitate survival. It's likening to DNA reproduction. These are basically describing different stages of reproduction.


That doesn't hold up. You are putting to much focus on development teams. There can be/ could be/ has been governing bodies that are independent of developers that try to enforce or exhibit control. Wasn't The Bitcoin Foundation in this vein? And what about Governments?  What if the US government came out and threw its support behind "Bitcoin" and claimed it as the official coin? The community wants to have the pushback to say, no Bitcoin is not the official implementation many of us prefer (some other) implementation.
\ is entirely distinct from  
\ is shunning endorsement whether it be from a 'development team', a 'government', a 'foundation', or any single person or group or entity - **no one has person, group, or entity has the power to declare any single implementation as King.**
\ is saying that **no one person, group, or entity will be constructed on behalf of an implementation with the purpose of leadership over all implementations.** 
\ rejects endorsement from any party with influence that wants to pick an implementation to throw its power behind; it's insulating against an outside-coup.  is saying that implementations will not create a party of influence; it's insulating against an inside-coup.
@_date: 2016-02-09 13:41:22
Bitcoin has a Chinese fetish/obsession and it's annoying.