@_author: defianttemperature
@_date: 2018-09-07 20:38:11
Yeah, isn't Amazon trying to patent a crypto address tracking system? It's hard to track, but not impossible. Give technology a few years and it'll be as easy as accessing email on your phone. 
Once they have fully digital currency (whether crypto or some pseudo-crypto government coin), everything will be easier to keep track of for them. And by keep track, I mean control and watch every step. In the case of China, they would probably establish their own crypto yuan and then have a little switch that they could just turn off for dissenters. Oops, you lost your money privileges.  
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:10:45
Haha! That's what all the fiat will become after people eventually recognize that bitcoin will get them further. That and bookmarks. Or collectors items. Bills are nice to collect because they reflect the pride of a culture and its values. 
Weren't they weighing money in Venezuela last year? I remember hearing a story that you gave x grams of money for bread, milk, etc. I can't imagine that, you'd need a bloody forklift to carry it around!
@_date: 2018-09-15 23:13:04
Bitcoin is growing, but it still has nothing against FX. The size difference is peanuts in comparison because big players aren't using bitcoin. Corporations, banks, hedge funds... they've all got money elsewhere. And they might talk about investing in bitcoin, but they're not going to do it anytime soon. Not until there are some kinds of safe "regulations" for them to follow. Their legal departments would never allow them to buy bitcoin. It's so far out there that they can't even put it on the spectrum
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:36:01
It's always going to be connected to everything else. Regulation is needed, even for Bitcoin, in every anarcho-currency sense that it holds. The system may be secure by its own nature but it is still vulnerable to exploitation, as you mentioned. 
The mere existence of it means that it has to exist within some form of system of society. There has to be some kind of defined role, but that doesn't mean that the governments are going to have any control over it or take it as their official currency. It transcends national borders. 
@_date: 2018-09-19 14:31:14
Last chance to get on before we're off for the stars! 
People's price perspective is kind of skewed when it comes to trading. It's always too low when it's around 6000, but what was it like two years ago? That was much lower than it is now, definitely. 
Just look at the triangle it's been forming and the strong support at 6000 on the charts. No better reason to be buying now. Oh and more potential adoption in mainstream markets.
@_date: 2018-09-03 07:02:32
It's a good way to hedge, if you're ahead of the ball. But when things just keep sliding down like they have for Argentina, you never really know when to get out. Loss aversion looms large. People want to get their money into other assets but don't want to run themselves short. Bitcoin will help them to hold onto value, as long as they don't buy the top. Then it's a matter of turning that money back into cash, which I'm sure is not as easy in Argentina as it is in other countries.
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:01:37
That's true. I'm sure the local exchangers in Argentina are charging at least 10% on Bitcoin transactions, even more. There's a high demand for them and people will have to pay a pretty penny for sake of mind. Then they'd have to pay it again if they want to take it out to cover expenses. That's at least a 20% spread.
Dollars on the other hand, could be cheaper and easier to get your hands on. Unless of course, capital controls are implemented, like Iran or Azerbaijan. Then it's even harder to get something secure. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:11:39
Yeah they'll be standing there holding out their collection pot waiting for you to come in and give them their cut. There's no possible way that any asset will go unnoticed by government for long. Even if you started investing in oxygen they'd find a way to collect tax.
The American government currently has a window for tax amnesty on crypto investments. That clearly means that after that window closes, they're gonna start sniffing around to see who's hiding what. That won't be hard to hide if you've got it all on cold storage though.