@_author: deftwolf
@_date: 2017-11-01 11:16:44
I do see your point about responsible investing, I actually think that that is an interesting dynamic. Personally however I don't think that the growth lost from the reduced investing is entirely worth the reduced risk, maybe it is maybe it isn't but honestly that debate is above my level of knowledge so I will concede to this point. I will say however that the inflation rate is accounted for in the interest rates so you have to subtract the inflation rate from the interest rate to get the real interest rate. So it's not like handing out free money interest rates are still above 3%.
Also since im trying to be as honest as possible here I honestly have never heard about Keynesian economics before this so I can't really argue here, this goes above my level of education in economics.
@_date: 2017-11-01 11:34:52
Yeah for sure, I mean that's kind of what everyone in this sub (including me) is doing. There may be a debate there against crypto for this reason actually and I'm sure some economist out there has already written a paper on the effect of crypto on the economy. For now though people see value in crypto and a paper won't change that so I figure might as well ride the wave and try to make money now and then if there are problems we can deal with them when they arise. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 10:08:15
They really don't run the printers as fast as they can lol, they ran the printers as fast as they could in like 2008 when they did the stimulus. Believe it or not people who devote their lives to economics have some idea about inflation and its effects on the economy. It's against their best interests to devalue the dollar since, you know, they live in America. Last I checked the dollar is one of the strongest and most stable currencies in the world and pretty much the fallback currency for countries with shit economies. 
Obviously I'm on the bitcoin subreddit so it's not like I'm against crypto, I actually think it's interesting and that it's useful in certain cases but I just don't think a deflating currency is a good for the economy when it's the only currency because of what I just said. Goods are only produced when people spend money for the goods so people not spending money is just worst for the economy than people spending money.
@_date: 2017-11-01 10:42:25
You're right they can make money out of nowhere, as do the banks via money multipliers, it's not just the Fed. Also yes the currency we're using is a fiat currency, as are most currencies in the world right now, but even when we were on the gold standard we could still print money and devalue the amount of gold you could purchase with said money, which is the same as today. You could just set a value for gold and never print more money than you have in gold value but then you don't really have inflation or deflation which is why we strayed away from that, because economists believe inflation is better. 
Also funny that you bring up Zimbabwe because they actually adopted the U.S. dollar after their first time hyper inflating. Also if you want some background they hyperinflated because the government used the printing presses to make them money both to devalue bonds they had to pay back and probably because of greed and failure to balance budgets which of course led to hyper inflation, they then took on the USD but hyperinflated again. Funnily enough they didn't learn the first time and started printing their own version of the USD and this again led to hyperinflation. So crypto is pretty much the only currency that the government can't fuck up completely which is probably why people are adopting it.
Also funny that you mention that you think economists are rich. If anything I think that is naive. My professor like first week mentioned how even economists can't predict how the economy will grow, or else he wouldn't be teaching because he'd be rich. Printing money and knowing economics doesn't make them rich, their connections are really what make the prominent economists rich because it's not like they know how to game the system. 
Also im not saying the deflation will make people stop buying things, people will still want goods. They'll want a car and a phone and food and shelter and all the things we spend money on now. Instead look at it more like right now when you go to invest in say crypto or the stock market you want to beat at least 3% annually because inflation is 3% annually. Though even if you only make 2% one year it's still better than not investing and making 0%. Now if you're deflating at say 3% annually if you don't beat 3% then you literally lost money, which introduces more risk. So people will be less likely to invest in companies which in turn reduces the amount of funds companies have to make new products. This slows down progress and that isn't a good thing. This also leads to people spending less money both because of the deflation so they have to ask themselves if the thing theyre buying is worth losing the potential gains. Then factor in less innovation and people have fewer new products to incentivize them to spend their money. 
Also yeah 2008 happend because of shaddy and scummy banking practices fueled by greed but that isn't something inherent to fiat currency. That is just humanity. Having a crypto isn't going to stop greed, banks will still exist because people are still going to need money loaned to them. Banks will still be able to create money via money multipliers crypto isn't the magic cure to all that is wrong with the world, nothing is. (Edit: My lack of knowledge on bitcoin might lead me astray here, it is possible that they wouldn't be able to create bitcoin via money multiplier because of the way that transactions are logged on the blockchain. Honestly not entirely sure because I have never gotten too deep into how bitcoin functions. I'm sure people on here will point this out since it's the bitcoin subreddit. Still doesnt change the fact that there will be banks and they can still give out subpar loans, even if it's with bitcoin instead of USD.)
@_date: 2017-11-01 09:48:39
I'll answer your question if you really want it answered. The general theory right now, at least from what i learned from an ECON 101 class so take it with a grain of salt, is that inflation is good for the economy because it incentivizes investing. Essentially when you have inflation if you choose to just sit on your money and not do anything then you *lose* money. If you are deflating then there's an incentive to sit on your money because you're going to make money by not spending it. So the Fed doesn't just randomly print money it prints enough money to replace old bills as well as create a somewhat steady inflation rate.
@_date: 2017-11-01 11:22:47
Good night, I think we'll have to agree to disagree on the point of people in large groups acting stupidly however. I honestly believe that part of our evolution made us very group oriented which narrows our view points in arguments and turns almost every debate into an us versus them (look at modern politics) which I think is bad for progress as a society. From my experience both sides in almost every single argument have valid points and the "best" answer is usually somewhere between the two extremes.
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:32:24
You actually bring up a good point. When I took the class two years ago the professor mentioned how we were expecting a huge amount of inflation following the recession, with some delay of course. Though last I knew we never saw a huge spike which has some people worried that at some point we will start to see a huge increase in inflation. You're right, we can't know how the markets will react, theyre an untamable beast. We can only make theories and try different things trying to improve the system little by little.
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:13:07
It will be long before 2140, it doesnt literally have to be 0 to be lower than the deflation rate.
@_date: 2018-02-06 01:39:31
I have to disagree on both those points. I already said why i disagree with the former. I think people sitting on money is just bad for the economy and I think that is like the very basic principal of the economics. Second bitcoin is deflationary because even though some are still being mined people are losing bitcoins more than theyre being made. Also even if you bring out some stats saying it isnt deflationary right now it really doesnt matter because it eventually will be no matter what you say.
@_date: 2018-02-06 01:03:16
It's not that people will stop spending on things they want altogether, it's the fact that there will be less incentive to do so. Also I think the bigger thing you arent thinking of is in a deflationary economy you have less of an incentive to invest because you have to at least beat the deflation rate in order to make it a worthwhile investment, so companies will get less money invested in them which means they can do less stuff which means there will be fewer jobs/lower paying jobs which means there will be less demand which means there will be fewer transaction which all sums up to a poorer economy. You're taking what he's saying which is essentially just in general deflation performs worse because of what I just said and you're saying "well you're saying that no one would buy food? That's stupid." 