@_author: dejectedfish
@_date: 2017-12-31 10:28:24
Yes, certain upgrades do and they should be rolled out over a long period of time. Many services handling millions of dollars and having millions in investment still can't be bothered to implement transaction batching (which has been available in Bitcoin Core since 2011) or segwit on their services. What makes you think it will be easy or quick to get ALL Bitcoin services, some using alternate node software or proprietary modifications, to upgrade to a hard fork? Especially now that you have people attacking actual improvements to Bitcoin so they can keep shilling their own coins.
@_date: 2017-08-20 19:30:50
Bitcoin Cash is not close the the original Bitcoin at all. Satoshi took ideas and comments from everyone. Whenever there was a hardfork, unless it was an emergency fix, there was lots of discussion and testing. BCH had nothing. They could have made a better coin than Bitcoin by fixing malleability and other problems that could only be fixed with a hardfork but they did not. The only technical improvement was changing a single constant, the block size limit, from 1 MB to 8 MB. What a waste of an opportunity.
@_date: 2017-05-17 00:01:26
Under that policy, if a majority of miners decided to double or arbitrarily increase the block reward from its current value of 12.5 BTC, they could do so as long as they had over 51% of the hashing power. Thankfully any sane exchanges or users would refuse to follow a chain with increased block rewards, regardless of the hash rate. This is why you shouldn't trust anyone who says they will stick with the most hashing power.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:34:19
How is Litecoin a scamcoin when it now offers more functionality than Bitcoin, i.e. SegWit? If it's for historical reasons, it launched way more fairly than Ethereum or most other coins. There was no premine, ICO, and the launch was publicly announced in advance. The launch happened under the same circumstances as Bitcoin.
I think Bitcoin should just enable SegWit and be done with it. Bundling a hardfork does not make sense but I don't think the size would be insane. Since SegWit transactions require wallet and service support, we won't see many SegWit transactions and therefore blocks won't be much greater than 2 MB for some period of time unless the cost of standard transactions become prohibitively expensive forcing quicker adoption. If transaction costs become high enough to force adoption of SegWit transactions, wouldn't that mean it's worth paying the extra costs to upgrade servers and bandwidth to keep the network usable? We're not talking about coffee/spam transactions here. A user/service who uses a full node but does not need SegWit transactions may choose to ignore SegWit if the bandwidth requirements are too high and then would only need 2 MB per block.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:07:45
Half the size capacity of Litecoin is insane?