@_author: delicious_randomly
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:33:26
I don't read it that way, and until somebody actually has their assets frozen for a Snowden donation and proves it, or until we get confirmation that Snowden is one of the persons this targets I won't believe it's that moronic.  What this looks like to me is an attempt to freeze the assets of people who donate to actual cybercriminal organizations and industrial espionage groups.  Note the linking "and" bolded here:


After that, the list of reasons they'd be freezing your accounts, and the accounts of people who donate to you, all of which seem to involve actionable damages -- screwing with cyber infrastructure, screwing with infrastructure in general, misappropriation of funds/trade secrets/information/other resources "for commercial or competitive advantage or private financial gain".  I don't think Snowden falls under that targeting criteria.  Wikileaks might, though.
As for Section 7, it's a rational response to the fact that the internet makes bank transfers faster than law enforcement's ability to put freezes on accounts.  I'm not saying it's perfect, or even good, but it's a rational attempt to keep people from emptying their accounts as soon as they receive notice that the government is going to freeze them.
edit: Also, I really don't think the situation is really an emergency, and I don't think the President is the right person to enact this, but do you really think Congress is going to be able to get its act together enough to put out a bill dealing with this?
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:48:21
No, you reread section one.  There is a linking "and" that requires that targets (either intend to do these things, or do them with or without intent): damage infrastructure and/or steal money, trade secrets, identities, or other information "for commercial or competitive advantage or private financial gain" or to give or receive to/from the above.
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:38:52


Except the whole linking "and" in the targeting criteria that ALSO requires actual otherwise-actionable economic damages.
@_date: 2015-04-03 11:33:55
You stopped literally one word before that linking "and" I mentioned.  "**and that have the purpose or effect of:** followed by an enumeration of the *four things* that can make you a target under that section of the order.  Subsection 1.ii then adds a list that expands it to supporting, attempting, or being owned by people or groups that meet the criteria in 1.i.