@_author: delso2
@_date: 2015-09-23 03:32:38
Honestly I think you completely misunderstand what Bitcoin is all about.  Those problems of giving your ID, SSN, waiting days is because of the legacy system and the burden of regulation. Those problems are problems with that legacy system, not Bitcoin's system.  Bitcoin solves those problems by being permissionless and trustless, and resistant against regulatory burdens.  It seems you do not understand the core essence of Bitcoin.
Not sure if its good to have people like you involved in Bitcoin.  It seems you won't fit in well with this community.  We are mostly libertarians and freedom lovers here.  The IoT actually could possibly threaten freedom a lot, and empower governments.  This is especially true if central authorities like 21 inc and governments get in control of the chips in every device.  I worry that people who don't understand the pure essence of Bitcoin will have bad influence on the project.  If you look in the genesis block you will see Satoshi invented Bitcoin in response to a banking tyranny.  He even quotes an article about "On the verge of another banker bailout".  Bitcoin is about honest money, and freedom from government and centralized institutions.
It is a bit telling that you were not interested enough in Bitcoin before when it was all about freedom.  Now that there is a chance for an IoT tyranny you want to jump on board.
Before getting involved in Bitcoin you should really learn what it is all about and why it was invented and the purpose of the invention.  Read the inventor [Satoshi Nakamoto's quotes]( before you decide to get involved.  You may not fit in with our community.
@_date: 2015-09-23 03:43:07
I am sorry but using Bitcoin is a 1000x improvement over credit cards that have your private key printed right on the card, and you give your private key to the merchant every time you pay for a good or service.  Its also 1000x better than getting KYCed/AMLed or holding your funds with third parties that can steal or lose your money.  Its also permissionless and more private, and allows you to buy or sell drugs or anything else you want, you can't do this with credit cards or paypal.
@_date: 2015-09-23 03:22:09
I guess they think that Bitcoin is not a big improvement over credit cards and paypal.  Pretty strange for a multi-million dollar Bitcoin company to not understand the real benefit of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-23 06:45:54
I agree the IoT is an interesting concept and could be a good thing.  But like anything it can be used for good and bad.  It could really empower the NSA spy state too.  We should try to influence it in a positive direction that promotes freedom and empowers individuals rather than centralized entities like corporate institutions or governments.  I don't mean to stifle his enthusiasm.  But maybe just shake him up a bit to keep those things in mind while he is developing on top of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-09-23 00:36:18
They are not even accepting Bitcoin for their "bitcoin computer".
@_date: 2015-09-23 02:26:32
Bitcoin is about not needing permission.  The government is against MMJ industry often even shutting down your bank accounts.  Just look up [Operation Chokepoint](  I am glad you are here, you are smart to check out Bitcoin, it can really help you.
What are you going to do if the government or banks shut down your accounts?  They could even perhaps seize your money crippling your business, resulting in the death of your patients.  This is serious stuff.  
Bitcoin can help you.  If you use Bitcoin and control your own wallet and private keys, it can never be seized.  Also if you need to pay manufacturers at a distance, Bitcoin is a great option if your bank accounts are being frozen.  I would suggest accepting Bitcoin personally and secure it with some hardware wallets like Trezor and possibly a multi-sig scheme.  Stay away from Coinbase, Bitpay, and Circle.  They can't serve you because then they will get their accounts frozen due to regulations.  They are bigger than you and have a big target on them.  I wouldn't worry much about the volatility.  Probably you won't even be holding the Bitcoin very long.  Use [localbitcoins.com]( to turn it into cash at your leisure.  Its a peer to peer site with small-time buyers and sellers.  They aren't licensed and regulated like those big companies so they can transact with you no problem.  Never tell them about your area of business.  Or try to use Bitcoin to pay others and let them convert.  Try to use physical cash and Bitcoin more, since it can't be seized, controlled, or monitored as easily. 
@_date: 2015-09-23 01:19:04
No, you will just get your pizza with 0 confirmations.  People for the most part are not out to scam you.  People could just as easily chew and screw, skipping out on a bill.  That is more likely to happen than double spending Bitcoin. Bars and restaurants are more likely to get counterfeit paper currency than they are to get scammed with Bitcoin too.
@_date: 2015-09-23 06:42:28


And pay tons of extra fees, and get your data stolen by criminals and then sold on the darknet for Bitcoins.


You can buy from localbitcoins with cash.  You can sell products and services for Bitcoin.  The whole point is Bitcoin solves the problem as long as you stay within the Bitcoin system and don't use the AML/KYC onramps.


Drugs are the second most traded commodity on Earth behind food.  Maybe you should wake up to reality.  Also more and more things are becoming illegal not just drugs.  Soon those incadescent light bulbs will be phased out.  The only way to buy and sell them will be on the darknets with Bitcoin.  The list of illegal things is growing daily.