@_author: deltaboiz
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:02:49


If you already have the currency. If you do not already have the currency, your barrier to entry to purchasing everything rises. 
It's like the problems the housing market has in cities experiencing massive growth - except to every single product and service in the society


The working class would literally have their wages reduced year over year, in the same way people receive raises, cost of living increases, and minimum wage increases.
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:33:54
If you committed some financial crime, or tax evasion or whatever they might freeze your assets over until the investigation and/or court case is over
If that's impossible they would probably just lock you up in a box
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:53:44
So you assume if our entire financial structure were overhauled, none of our legislation would also change? They wouldn't just, possibly, make it possible to hold you for extended periods of time in ways that are analogous to how they freeze assets?
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:27:54
For the sake of the argument, let's say they freezing your assets during an investigation or whatever is no longer possible.
Would you prefer they just lock you up instead?
@_date: 2018-09-12 11:32:00
In the grand scheme of things my dude, and I'm fairly a bitcoin realist, I don't think you should sell. 
There is a fair chance you can make your money back, sure. There is also a fair chance you can lose it. But in the grand scheme of things 16k Euro is not that much money and you will learn a valuable lesson. 
If you can cash out, right now, and get something with utility that will change your life in a positive way (ie, buying a car, downpayment on mortage, etc) - cash out and take the loss. Otherwise if you are in a position where you won't die if you lose all 16k, you should consider staying on and hoping for the best. 
The other people on here giving the advice that you haven't lost the money until you sell are idiots. The money is lost. You are now gambling the remaining 8k hoping to get it back. 
But I know personally many people in real life, seen stories on reddit, etc - where they have lost so much more money than 8k, and still have to bounce back. Hell a divorce, child payments, the bank fucking up your mortage rate by a fraction of a percent, anything --- can fuck you much harder than this. 
Good luck friend, stay safe. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 11:26:34
Reminder the US Government already has tools to successfully identify wallets to individuals with a fairly high degree of accuracy. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 11:24:34


This entire subreddit is about how Bitcoin is not fiat, how the government has less control, etc. It's pretty clear thats a massive change from what we have now, and any nations monetary policy (and by extention, their criminal policy) will have to change as a result. 
Do you have a source that the US Government froze 1 million stock broker accounts? There are many reasons why bank accounts get frozen rght now, the most common being the death of a person - but those are typically done by the bank itself (even if the law dictates they should), and generally speaking exchanges in countries would likely have similar policies. 
But back to the meat - 1 million people behind bars. Whether it is feasible or not, would you be okay with that becoming the standard practice? Or if in cases of lesser crimes if they decided to, lets say, make you surrender your passport, stay within state lines, house arrest, etrc etc --- Are these preferable to you as possible alternatives to the criminal justice system freezing your assets? 
@_date: 2018-09-12 12:35:25


Did you have a stroke or something???
@_date: 2018-09-14 11:50:31
Crypto offers no unique mechanism in order to do this. The reason why crowd funding emerged with such a popularity was because of platforms that enabled it, not because of the currency. The reasons why Patreon and KickStarter are so important was because they are a platform. Changing the currency in which these ideas take place do nothing. 
Even before Kickstarter and Patreon we had people automating donations and other similar things. Video game streamers, and hell even websites, have often had donation buttons. Those donation buttons would have an automated process to track and apply perks to people. 
Even before the massive popularity of the Youtube days, sites like Red Vs Blue relied primarily on crowd funding techniques. They relied on subscription fees (that people would pay to get videos early and in higher quality) to pay their bandwidth costs for their website, and to pay themselves to turn it into a business. 
Video Game High School, by Freddie Wong of Rocket Jump, used Kickstarter to fund their original movie they then co-opted into a TV Style Series. Freddie had built a massive audience on Youtube that, if something like KickStarter didn't exist, I don't think wouldn't have stopped him from doing something like this. All that would have been necessary is a website, with some automated back end, and a call to action to his audience. Instead of people sending him money via KickStarter, it would be via Paypal. 
This idea is not unique, and claiming Crypto might be the reason behind it is absurd. It might make it somewhat easier, sure, but the only reason why it's becoming more and more popular is because people have recognized it's a totally good idea and a viable method of getting funding.
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:45:08
You are dodging the question and its ironically doing your point a disservice. Saying there are more things they freeze assets over increases the severity of the question.
The question is very direct: do you prefer being imprisoned as an alternative to having your assets frozen?
@_date: 2018-09-13 12:44:49
It's not really a false premise or flawed reasoning. Why do law enforcement freeze assets? Because it is the most reasonable measure available that is proportional to the crime. If you have sufficient evidence that someone has embezzeled money, you freeze their assets to prevent that money from moving during the course of your investigation. Why? Because if the FBI shows up asking questions about your embezzeled money, you move it off shore.
If there is sufficient evidence someone has committed a criminal offense, what do we do? We detain them. We can even detain people while there is a reasonable investigation going on, even if there is not yet sufficient proof necessary to charge someone criminally. There are many examples I could provide, but you can be detained and held long before formal charges are laid. 
There are a few countries that actually force you to surrender your passport when suspected of a criminal offense, or when charged with a criminal offense (but not yet proven guilty). I believe the USA has measures to force you to surrender your passport during criminal cases. 
Assets are frozen in order to prevent those assets from moving, and to keep them recoverable. If a reasonable measure, such as freezing assets, becomes impossible, what is the next most reasonable measure? Given it's a digital currency that can be moved from any computer terminal you can access? It seems holding your passport or putting you under house arrest isn't sufficient. It means the only *reasonable way to ensure the money doesn't move during the course of an investigation is to detain you*. In the sorts of cases where assets are frozen and seized, that seems fairly reasonable. 
Remember assets aren't even frozen in a lot of cases they could be - such as child support, or owing debts. Governments might not even try to go after your bank account, but will instead garnish your wages from your employer directly before it even touches you. There are some places with child support where you will be imprisoned if you don't pay. Not assets frozen. Not wages garnished. Just locked up and coerced to pay the money before being let free. 
Is it, as you put it, **false premise and flawed reasoning**, to assume they will use tools they currently already use if more reasonable tools becomes impossible? Sure, maybe in some smaller niche cases they may develop some new mechanism to aid in their investigation or deprive your freedom, but that tool is, at the very least, going to be just as restrictive as freezing assets would be. If not more. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 12:06:10
I'll take it from your constant dodging that you either don't have an answer, or you know your answer will harm your original point. 
Have a good day. 
@_date: 2018-09-14 11:37:43


This is why at one point I addressed many times bank accounts are frozen are because the account holder has passed away, while simultaneously offering for any sort of clarification or information on his claim of X number of accounts frozen. 


This is an entirely different discussion. I will not accept "lets have a more reasonable discussion on a completely different but somewhat related subject" as a defence for the other guys blatant bullshit. 
If you want to discuss this topic, this is fine, but this will not be to the defense of the person you are attempting to defend.


Then the onus is on you (or more accurately, the person I was originally arguing with) to provide cases where this is actually happening.
If there are tons of cases where freezing assets are literally the first step in a criminal investigation, I would be open to hear them. My understanding is usually assets are frozen as a result of a court order, which given our understanding of the western justice system, kind of means there is some sufficient amount of evidence necessary to pass a threshold in order to do it. 


In that hyper specific scenario. But you are then ignoring that since Bitcoin is a public ledger, and the government already has pretty reliable tools to pegging wallets to individuals (which will only become more advanced as time goes on and bitcoins presence increases) - it's reasonable to assume that it will not make the job, on the whole, harder for law enforcement. It might even make it easier. 
So if you are attempting to expand the discussion in order to defend him, this premise you propose is potentially flawed as well. It may not make the job of law enforcement, on the whole, harder. It may make it easier depending on what future bitcoin manifests in and what Level 2 and Level 3 services come into existence. 
Except when you deal with off chain transactions, like exchanges, who would be subject to similar things that exist with financial institutions since they are a perfect analog. Then there is no change.


I disagree. It's easier to sell these sorts of changes if society suffers a massive shift in how it handles finances. There are tons of laws that get passed, right now, that nobody wants but politicians manage to get through. A narative of "police are powerless to stop [crime]" is very persuasive. 
They could even argue, like you said above, the types of crimes where we freeze assets are no niche that the average person won't be impacted by them. Framing it so it only impacts criminal bougies would make selling such policies easier. 


I would disagree with your second point, but even on your first point this has nothing to do with his point. His point was, specifically, that assets are being frozen and it would make this difficult. Not vague assertions. It's all about freezing assets. 
I **will not accept** that we can have a reasonable discussion  on **another topic** as a defense of the original poster, and that my arguments are flawed as a result that they don't apply to that broader, other discussion and instead only apply to that hyper specific example provided. We were talking about freezing assets, and you are trying to talk generally about law enforcement. It's the definition of the motte and bailey technique. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 17:03:15
lmao how mad are you right now 
@_date: 2018-08-29 11:30:35
What I love about people who use Econ 101 theories to justify why Bitcoin is the next sliced bread is they then simultaneously reject all the Econ 101 theories that talk about how a deflationary currency is bad for trade.
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:58:34
Except they don't, because as demonstrated earlier, the last state to adopt is still extracting an equal value out of the other economies. When they exchange their X-D to BTC, they are then buying an equal value of wealth out of your economy back to theirs. It's only a one sided transfer of value if they cant extract the wealth back out of your economy. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 12:02:47
To be fair to him, most reasonable people are suspicious when told a digital currency is going to be the new payment system because it's primary value comes from holding onto it, not spending it, and getting rich because of this
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:40:46
Except for how the state has a monopoly of violence that it can use to suppress the usage of Bitcoin if it really, really cared enough to. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:00:46
I would argue there is a bit more involved in a bank robbery (Hell, even a physical robbery of an individual at gun point) than there is some malware infecting your phone through a browser exploit and raping your wallet keys 
@_date: 2018-08-31 10:59:55
It would be about adoption. Bitcoin may end up persisting as a speculative store of wealth, but it will always have other stores of wealth to compete with such as resources, assets, or hell even corporate shares which are just as digital but more tangible.
For bitcoin to be anything more you need people being able to use it on their day to day purchases. The catch 22 is any sort of mechanism that is created to make this easier for consumers is going to end up exactly where we just were: banks, merchant processors, and everyone doing things "off chain" and only finalizing it once things need to leave the bank.
@_date: 2018-08-29 21:58:08


This is exactly what I meant by you are too stupid or just being purposefully malicious. This question is broad as to who would act on it, but the question remains persistent. Is it bitcoin users who should engage in ethical behavior voluntarily? Is it governments justifying their restricting control on Bitcoin? 
If you say there is a wealth transfer going on that causes significant harm to some group of people (original assertion; some countries will be "crippled"), then there are discussions at every level if it should be allowed to continue unchecked, if different policy should be enacted, etc. 


It's not a strawman when you were quite literally saying "if a couple of my friends buy bitcoin and got rich" type shit. The scaling up of 


I am fairly certain I have more than you when earlier the topic of international trade was brought up and how this might not harm those who refuse to adopt bitcoin, or the late adopters - which you replied earlier that international trade has nothing to do with anything, then pivoted back to other shit constantly. 
I will say I'm not an Econ Major, nor someone who is intimate with macro economics. I can't tell you exactly what would happen, because I'm not a subject matter expert. You are the one asserting that countries will get massively rich for early adopting, and it will **cripple** countries that get in late or fight it via force. All you have really done to provide arguments to this end are people get rich off of it because of it's deflationary nature and massive surge in demand due to what might still be a speculative market, so therefore early adopters cha ching. 
The one thing I could say with absolute certainty is that if you were correct in that Bitcoin could cause massive damage to an economy that would allow a country to be **crippled** by adopting it, it might cause that country to restrict it's use within it's borders - which supports my original claim of monopoly of force. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:50:32
Never said I'm an authority on tech. My claim was that Apple was a company built on user experience. I can source you the 60+ advertisements in their "I'm a Mac &amp; I'm a PC" campaign, and I could also link to a number of resources that would confirm and back up this claim. Also, it's just generally accepted that Apple is known for being the machine that is headache free and "just works" 
For the more quantitative claim, ie overpriced, I can also link to a number of actual experts as well that would contest that Apple is overpriced. For example, when Linus priced out the iMac Pro, the entire assembly of parts came out to around market rate if they wanted to build a comparable machine. This doesn't include the value the OS gives to the end user itself, nor any customer service experience you might have with them as a company. 
In short your original premise is actually entirely bullshit
Have a good day friend :) 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:44:42


Your frame of reference conviniently excludes the people that had wealth displaced and transferred to your friends. 
If every single state gets in early and holds massive stores of BTC, and no state ends up losing, this by definition means the state, as an entity, is extracting massive wealth from the economy. Which is probably not a good thing. It's also probably not a good thing if one state wins and another loses massively.
Bitcoin does not *create wealth.* On the macro scales it is literally a zero sum game. No new wealth is created.
You genuinely sound like you are trying to suggest Bitcoin creates wealth and every single person is capable of going to the moon together. The wealth and value has to come from somewhere. The last country holding out, by the entire concept of X-D to BTC trade happening, isn't actually at risk of any value being extracted from them. 
They maybe missed the boat on fucking over everyone in their economy, sure? 
@_date: 2018-08-30 13:16:13
There is a reason almost every country on the planet isn't on the gold standard anymore. That is probably one of them. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 11:55:33


With the exception of all your physical assets that can continue to easily be ceased, and how all these people had numerous options for storing their dollars other than a banking institution overseen by their state but didn't... Sure? 
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:40:46
It has everything to do with trade - a very simple analog to your assertion a country would be "crippled" if they don't have any Bitcoin is if everyone adopts it, and they didn't adopt it. I'm asking how it is possible a country within the EU is able to prosper, thrive, despite not using the Euro - and most importantly, why they are able to be successful in international trade with countries within the EU, all who use the Euro (analog for Bitcoin) despite, once again, not using the Euro? 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:48:15


Thus why I asked for a technical explanation as to how the Patent is either overly broad, or why VISA will not be able to create their own latentcy free transaction mechanism. 
I have yet to receive a technical explanation. I would like a technical explanation.
@_date: 2018-08-30 14:29:59


It is also seen by economists as being one of the things that caused the great depression to be so damaging and go on for so long. OH NO! 
@_date: 2018-08-29 11:27:40
The state that attempts to fight it alone doesn't cripple itself - the criticisms, at best, would be similar to that of protectionist isolated economies. They wouldn't benefit on the level of a totally globalized market, but they wouldn't trail very far behind either. 
I'm sure someone with a lot more background in economic theory would probably also make arguments that a currency backed both by the people and the state would have some level of confidence in international trade. If you have to take X-Dollars because the state says so, you have to convert it to the local currency at some point. 
Remember, the US Dollar is seen as the "international currency" however by necessity everyone has to trade in local currencies as well. Exchange rates are set based on who is buying and selling a given currency, which means that someone is buying the Japanese Yen, the Euro, the Mexican Peso, Canadian Dollar, etc etc 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:18:21


They are buying it at a price that allows them to buy the item they want - If they are exchanging X-$ for 1,000 USD to buy Widget A - or they exchange X-$ for 1,000 Satoshi to buy Widget A, they are no worse off in this situation. They didn't lose wealth here. For the bitcoin to have the higher value they said it did, the wealth transfer in the economy already occurred. 
Any additional wealth transfer that impacts the value of either currency is the status quo as to the current Fx rates, and is no worse than the current state of affairs. As long as countries using Bitcoin want to do business in Country X, someone is buying their currency, and keeping it valuable against the BTC, and the Fx rate for X-$ to BTC will be set at whatever finds equilibrium in their trade. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:28:49
Yes, assuming it becomes the global currency, the country that is the last man standing still isn't fucked. 
They haven't had any wealth extracted from them because they can continue to extract an identical level of wealth out of the country they are dealing with. 
Country A who bought 1 BTC at 1 dollar (using the term dollar loosely here), and then sells it at 20,000 to Country B, didn't actually extract 20,000 dollars of value out of Country B, because Country B can use that BTC to extract 20,000 dollars of wealth out of Country A's economy. Country B is no worse off here. 
Country A has indeed profitted, but by the definition of BTC having gone from 1 to 20k, the wealth displacement has already occurred elsewhere. They didn't profit off of Country B. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 03:35:52


Who is just sitting on money? I want to know these magical people who don't store their funds in savings accounts that generate interest, saving up money in order to buy assets, not investing their money in mutual funds, etc etc 
Who is this magical person just sitting on wads of cash and doing nothing with it lmao
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:54:53
Oof, you know that the bitcoin isn't creating any wealth, it's just representing it. So your analysis is basically if a country invests in some level of bitcoin, and the relative value of that currency increases, they would get some level of profit by being an early adopter.
Or, tldr, it's a "to the moon" argument where instead of bitcoin millionaires, it's the states who have accumulated the majority of the wealth and not individuals. The question is, whose wealth was displaced for them to win? 
Your example is incredible in the fact you have demonstrated that wealth has only moved around by the people in the economy who opted in to Bitcoin, but the country that did not opt in has not had it's wealth impacted in any way.


The fact that those countries will continue to trade, at whatever market rate is asked for, for this countries currency, and that country will only ever take on the minimum amount of BTC necessary to buy what they want from the international trading partners - assuming they do it at all and don't do 1:1 trading agreements. Which is already what happens if you want to simplify an incredibly complex market relationship (exchange rates are set by finding that 1:1 trade value) 
As long as this country maintains a competitive product, or service, - or a market in which someone wants to sell shit in - someone is going to buy their currency. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 18:03:54
If your definition of late adopters includes the citizens in your country, or citizens of other countries (or those countries themselves) which would actually be some form of techno imperialism, sure.


Is this literally the crux of your argument? Are you actually this stupid?
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:25:18


lmao ok dude 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:05:36
You understand ideas themselves aren't patented, it's the very specific implementation of the idea that receives a patent, right? There is semantic wiggleroom with my definition here, but Square can't patent the idea of using Crypto to pay, or even the idea you can have a sidechain, it's the very specific, technical solution they have employed to accomplish these things. 
So once again, can you give me a **technical breakdown** of their idea and how it's so obvious that everyone would have thought about it by now? 
And for giggles I'll ask: can you also demonstrate how Square's patent would prevent other companies from coming up with suitable payment infrastructure since the patent awarded is too broad? 
@_date: 2018-08-29 12:00:18
Paypal is the cheapest and easiest way if his end goal is to convert it back into cash. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:06:57


You have failed to demonstrate how it has lost any wealth. When someone bought a bitcoin at 1 dollar, and sells it for 20,000 - wealth wasn't created. Wealth was displaced from the person who bought it at 20k, and transfered to the person who bought it at 1k
Me, a person who did not partake in this transaction, has not had my wealth impacted or displaced. I continue to hold the same value I did before. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:56:05
I'm being condescending you are a person who puts the argument that because a few extremely early adopters get to benefit from a wealth transfer, that this would scale up identically on a macro economic scale encompassing the entire planet. 
This is before you get into any sort of moral or ethical discussion of whether or not this wealth transfer is even something we should allow to begin with, or if it should be stopped.
Your original argument was that it would cripple the last adopters. Now you have pivoted to simply "can early adopters benefit" which is an entirely different argument. You also keep dancing around the fact no wealth is generated, and as such being a zero sum game, some people are the losers in this transaction all the way down the line, not just the last few people.
I literally cannot tell if you are being genuinely dishonest with your arguments, or are actually so incredibly stupid these topics are outside your grasp. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:50:49
Oh I totally understand. I just want people to be able to admit if they mispoke, or maybe had a kneejerk reaction. 
Even if the content is misleading, it's still kind of on you to form a complete, comprehensive opinion before going onto the internet and saying that something is totally wrong and the world ought to be a different way. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 13:58:05


Yes, because having gold represented as your nations only store of value, despite your nation having vast stores of wealth elsewhere in labor, resources, etc, is asinine. 
Plus all the other Econ 101 memes about how harmful delfationary currencies are. There are a lot of resources to read online about how a gold standard is not exactly a good thing. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:34:16


Can you explain to me how multiple countries within the European union have been successful while not adopting the Euro? Both with trade within the EU, and with trade globally? 
@_date: 2018-08-30 12:07:38


The US Government already has fairly reliable methods to peg wallets to people with a very limited number of trades. Anyone engaging in any number of trades on a scale of the smallest of small businesses will all be identified almost immediately. 
Unless you are using off-chain merchants or exchanges which are subject to all the normal government seizure stuff. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 12:50:34
Yes, the point was that even if your state wants to cease your assets, it's not exactly possible to do it if it's already out of the country. If you were concerned about that possibility, measures would have been taken prior to that shit - ie the suggestion you would store your money in bitcoin to keep it safe in the event of such things.
@_date: 2018-08-30 12:37:11
That is a mischaracterization - people hold dollars because they can use it to buy things. However given both inflation and ability to earn interest, you will invest and/or lend your holdings out, in order to earn more money. This has perceivable benefits for the ecnomomy, and circulates money. 
With Bitcoin the HODL meme is literal, you hold onto the cash, and it goes up in value, you get rich! The fact everyone still memes on Laszlo for buying pizza is an argument as to *why you should not ever spend Bitcoin*, which is ironically a big argument against ever becoming something people actually want to use for payment. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:21:26


If your only frame of reference is "how much Bitcoin is a country holding" then yes, but this assessment is asinine because BTC does not hold objective value, whereas natural resources and the labor force does. Nobody trades with a country *because of the currency* and not using that currency doesn't really harm a country much.
Your argument is like saying that because Japanese people must use the Japanese yen within Japan, Japan is crippled because they aren't using the USD. This is not reality. You can stretch this analogy to literally every single country on the planet.
@_date: 2018-08-30 13:13:11
I'm on my phone right now I'm sorry my dude
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:58:06


This line alone shows me the conversation cannot continue. Good luck with your continued posting on this sub. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:29:16
Can you explain to me the exact mechanism they have patented, specifically, and why that patent is an abuse of the system?
From reading the article it sounds like they did develop some sort of technology necessary to do what they want to do (quicker transactions at risk to them, not the merchant) so it sounds like they did do something unique.
I'm sure you have a more technical understanding of the patent they filed and can help me understand why they shouldn't be awarded the patent.
@_date: 2018-10-31 11:33:30


Whats sad is technically both of these claims are dubious since, technically, the system is centralized primarily in the hands of the miners (which we see posted on this sub all the fears of various mining cartels increasing too much in size) and, well, there are a ton of articles already on how Bitcoin just redistributes the trust across the system and doesn't eliminate it. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:22:38


I know a lot of people sometimes equate these things to the "IF YOU HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE" memes, but we have pretty much decided in almost every country in the first world that once a certain amount of evidence of a crime has been shown, we can further infringe your rights and privacy to investigate further. 
Everyone already behaves lawfully, declares their income, and thinks to themselves how difficult it would be to have an unexplainable 50,000 GBP asset. If some guy states he's unemployed and never made any money but is driving around in a brand new Bugati some shady shit is going down.
@_date: 2018-10-31 13:23:46
Well that and the fact it's bypassing pretty much all the laws that exist to try and stop crime dollars from being easily used 
@_date: 2018-10-31 13:50:25


Which is enough to destabalize the system, especially if acting in consort with other large actors in the system - ie think if Google paid a 50%+1 cartel to give maximum priority to it's transactions, and to delay Amazon transactions to some unreasonable degree unless they pay [X] transaction fee. 
Shit would be incredibly dangerous.
@_date: 2018-10-30 15:40:47


This is 100% the case. I'm fairly certain you have to declare foreign income that you are bringing into a country in some way shape or form. Like if I immigrate to the USA and bring a million dollars, I can bring it in just fine and not get taxed on it, but I have to declare it and also prove that I acquired it legally (or paid some form of tax somewhere else on it). This is like really basic stuff that almost every country has to combat money laundering from various mafias and organized crime. 
A lot of the AnCap bitcoin enthusiats who want the state to have less power, not being able to tax people, etc don't realize this creates the circumstances that benefit crime the most, and gives massive incentive to the state and general public to push back against Cryptos. Bitcoin had a reputation for being the silk road currency, and for many it still is just the crime currency. Some enthusiasts might shout about how it's the ultimate privacy, how the government should have no say in anything, or whatever memes you read all the time --- but these would be analogous to saying that we shouldn't ever be able to infringe on someones rights until they are already proven guilty: no search warrants, no detaining, no arresting while charging with a crime. We would obviously think this position is absurd because none of those policies would benefit the average person and only really protect criminals. Crypto is sort of the same way: make concessions or watch it die.
@_date: 2018-10-30 12:53:13


This is a really interesting point that should be addressed: The government requires all parties to report income as part of your taxes. The government is also aware of certain assets and spending you have. If you have an annual income of, lets say, 40,000 dollars a year and buy a 10 million dollar home, this is impossible. This is evidence of some crime being present, since not declaring income is in and of itself a crime. 
I think there are some incredibly rare circumstances in which wealth could be passed onto someone (maybe as a child) that could result in accumulating a vast store of money without it ever being documented, but those situations I imagine are so rare they don't pass whatever "reasonable doubt" metric the UK uses for their legal system. 
Declaring your income is incredibly important. In the USA you must declare all your illegally sourced income, however you can use your Fifth Amendment right as the source of that income on your taxes. You don't need to self incriminate as to how you got the income, but you must declare that you received it, otherwise that is another crime in and of itself. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 05:37:42
Good job posting the first result on Google. 
It's well known to anyone who read about the Brothers, or let's say visited the Air and Space museum in DC where there is an entire wing dedicated to them, there was significant periods of them looking for investments, patent filings and secrecy to ensure nothing was stolen. 
There is so much more than I care to type on a phone while you copy and paste Quora threads, but to imply the Wright brothers acted without the influence of a profit motive for the betterment of mankind only is just false.
@_date: 2018-06-09 06:19:46
Not just the patent war. The fact they withheld showing it in the first place until they had the patent secure. The fact they wouldn't let investors even see the device until they have paid them for a contract to purchase the device. The veils of secrecy to keep the invention to themselves. Lots of small things that show they aren't altruists. Their actions speak more to proud capitalists, which would be a product of their era (ie your quoted quora line of refusing pity investment money from a friend)
Your comments about Big Pharma, and in other replies regarding VC's and how direct investments would work, would ironically also not apply to the Wright Brothers. They had once shown off an early prototype that flew, but not much, and people had 0 interest in it. Many people even began to call them fakes and fraudsters. These are the sorts of people who would be reliant on funding such projects. Nobody believed in the Wright Brothers for a long time, and because of this, they wouldn't get whatever number of people is necessary to fund their invention. The opposite here was true - an invention that changed the world and began our transformation to a global economy was born out of profit seeking behaviour and the capturing of said profit once the invention was completed. 
What bothers me about you are lines like this:


That make your actions here morally abhorrent. You are lying to people in order to financially gain. If the magical all powerful Bitcoin future and the blockchain technology you claim all but cures cancer takes off, so does whatever is held in your wallet. You want gullible people to buy whatever you are selling in hopes just a few more people adopt Bitcoin - putting more money in your pocket. You are just another snake oil salesmen like all the others. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 05:22:48


This statement is factually untrue and you are simply spreading lies. Had the Wright Brothers actually operated with altruistic motives the airplane would have unveiled years prior and the world would have changed earlier. Their motive for financial gain deprived the world of the airplane for years.
I really find it disgusting you would like in an effort to push a technology you directly will profit from. It's disgusting and ironically contrasting with your comments on Tesla. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:00:26
This image is incorrect in a number of ways


Firstly, this is just blatantly dishonest. Each payment method has it's own purposes and needs it attempts to fill. You aren't supposed to use a credit card to send money to people overseas (although that option is now becoming available due to demand), and I wouldn't use Western Union to make purchases from Amazon. Bitcoin also 
No. 


Unlike the infographic, I don't have to follow this chain of events every single time I make a purchase. My Credit Cards are bulk purchases where VISA is responsible for distributing the funds to the receiving parties. I pay a single entity for all my purchases once a month: VISA. As the consumer, this is brain dead for me and makes my life easier. 
The fee structure for using credit cards, usually around 2% to 4%, is not a per transaction fee. It is baked into the price of the transaction, since even if the receiving store was accepting cash, there are fees associating with getting that cash to the bank safely. Bitcoin would have various fees baked into purchase prices for a number of reasons (added security, risk/liability of bitcoin heists, etc) 


Another misrepresentation and dishonesty - there is no reason why you could not simply load funds onto Paypal and keep them there, similar to how you would use Bitcoin. There is nothing dictating I have to upload and withdraw every transaction. I frequently leave hundreds on my Paypal if I foresee it being used. I'm sure you don't withdraw your Bitcoin into USD every single time you aren't using them (or HODLing) 


A potentially valid argument and one of the only strong ones in favor of Bitcoin. Western Unions fees are high, but their fees are high because of convinience. The US Dollar can purchase things anywhere in the world, and obviously the local currency can be used in the local area. Getting cash, almost instantly, can be life changing. There are more cost efficient ways to send money, ie through banking institutions, Paypal, etc, but those take time. Western Union is a premium charge because it's a premium service - instant cash around the world. 
Bitcoin would beat WU here if Bitcoin was adopted as a currency you'd likely be able to spend. Since it is not, you still have to convert Bitcoin back into whatever currency you wish to use, which basically means you have just added another step into the other method you would use to send the cash. 
This post is basically just bullshit.
@_date: 2019-10-01 13:40:09
This post is full of intellectually dishonest rhetoric, and frames each of the two in the best light for bitcoin and worse possible light for fiat. 
Aside from stuff like presupposing that scarcity is, in and of itself, good - saying that "bitcoin is secure" and also that it's a good thing that transactions can't be reversed under bitcoin shows either malice, or a complete lack of understanding of either. 
Saying bitcoin is secure because proof of work is needed to authenticate a transaction, and ignoring the countless technology based ways that someone can lose their wallet balance is terrible. It also doesn't address the issue that generally retailers and consumers are often not the ones subject to dealing with fraud - it's your credit card company. If someone steals my bitcoin? I'm SOL. If someone steals my credit card? I have a credit applied to my statement by the end of the day. 
Also saying that transactions cannot be reversed is wrong on two levels - 1, cash transactions cannot be reversed either, except through legal processes in which your continued existence in that state is subject to you returning the money - which would still exist in bitcoin. 2) On the other side of things - like payment processors - these would eventually develop in the same way that current payment processors exist. Escrow services will emerge and become a mandatory component of transactions on websites like eBay, just like they are now. 
I mean even the last line


when added with all the other things: speaks to who bitcoin benefits. Irreversible, stealable, untracable currency that cannot be controlled doesn't benefit the average person. 
The only time the average person will deal with a bank freeze is when someone dies - and this is to prevent people who might have access to their accounts from pillaging their wealth prior to the reading of the will. Nobody thinks this is a bad thing.
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:39:36


That is a **feature** of your financial institution. You can tell them you are traveling and they will not block your card from accessing your account. 
I've had this happen once and I had them unlock my VISA card in 5 minutes on the phone.
This isn't freezing an account, this is a block on your debit card. This is both functionally and fundamentally a different thing from an account freeze (No way to access money until the legal cause of the freeze is addressed) and is a feature meant to protect you. 
The analog here would be if someone in a foreign country accessed your private key (lets say Malware, a similar way to how they would steal your debit info) and did a transaction? You are fucked. There is no phone call you can make to fix that. 


Yeah I'm well aware of the reasons. 
Even googling your bitcoin related bank closures, the only threads that come up are people transferring large sums of money in and out of accounts daily while also having questionable or non existent sources of traditional income. 
This activity looks like fraud and, if it is fraud, puts the bank at a huge liability. If your financial activity looks indistinguishable from a money launderer or someone stealing credit cards, a "Just trust me bro" isn't going to cut it for a bank.
@_date: 2019-10-02 11:44:20
The only reason a bank might freeze your assets is if you are financially insolvent to the point that collectors are coming after you - of which a world of Bitcoin won’t exactly save you either.
That or you are literally involved in criminal activity and legal cases.
Neither of which applies to the average Joe.
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:51:09


Anything you could use to purchase with Bitcoin can be seized, and your existence in the state rests on complying with the demands of your hypothetical tyrannical government. Kulaks didn't exactly get a pass if they didn't harvest as much as they were supposed to - they got obliterated. Bitcoin wouldn't have helped them. 
Plus pragmatically, a lot of this could be solved by diversifying your currency holdings across various nations fiats and possibly in different accounts elsewhere. If your local currency you used gets seized, you still have that Japanese Yen account holding half your life savings.
@_date: 2019-10-02 11:41:51


This is a pivot from just having the government be involved and privy to the transactions, to a tax evasion argument. 


This would still be true under bitcoin and, given the reality that the government can already reliably trace wallets to source IPs, and any system in which accounting becomes incredibly difficult means you will need to more rigorously account for every personal transaction? This reality holds true. 
I hope you understand that right now personal finances are taken for granted but if the level of currency privacy you want to exist occurs, every single dollar you spend will need to be accounted for on your taxes, in a similar way to how small businesses need to track expenses and inventory and provide answers during audits as it relates to cash flow and shrink percentages (actually stolen, or did you sell it for cash off the books?)
Remember the government will scale it’s technology appropriately to cover these blind spots if they become large enough.
@_date: 2019-10-03 11:57:59


The use of the word "stole" here is somewhat disingenuous. People know a priori that inflation is a *feature* of fiat currency. By holding onto that currency instead of exchanging it for other assets, the consent of those holding currency needs to be accounted for here. 
We also need to remember that inflation causes debts to lower as well - your debt costs less as time goes on. So it's not an outright "steal" to pillage for the masses, there are pros and cons here. 
Those pros/cons extend to the fact that the alternative is either the gold standard, which economists pretty much universally agree is bad, or a slightly different monetary policy in the approach of how your central bank should operate and at the rate it prints money - an incredibly nuanced discussion. 
And to address the bigger thing - these wealth transfers exist as an aspect of Bitcoin as well. Everyone here screams hodl, because they view it as a wealth transfer from one individuals to others. No one here is claiming they are "stealing" from newer entrants into Bitcoin, yet to the average person the result to their personal experience will be similar. Sure the systemic reason is different, but what does it matter if we are just discussing wealth transfers and money taken from people against their will? If the average person gets fucked either way - who cares if the money is going to some business whose production was spurred on by inflationary policy and increased spending... or BITCOINPROMAX2019 on twitter? 


Considering the cause of the great depression is still debated to this day, with no singular cause, just one single dude stating a potentially motivated conclusion isn't worth anything. 
Even if we took for granted, wholesale, that policy mismanagement was the cause of the Great Depression, it has to be addressed whether or not this is worse than alternatives. After all, we wouldn't say the government fucking up in a specific instance of a large project means the government isn't allowed to do that anymore. 
Even spending a few minutes googling you end up with weird Cato and Libertarian blogs that blame the Fed, and on the Wikipedia page the only one blaming the Fed was people who subscribe to Austrian economics - which is a meme. 


So it seems like it's incredibly complicated situation that is highly debated, and no one actor can be solely to blame. Even if the Fed did not act appropriately when it could have, the other confounding variables that led to the depression should not be discounted. 
But all things considered - the general consensus is that the Fed was not the *cause* of the great depression, but may have had a negative impact in either not making it better faster, or slightly delaying recovery - but some suggest it still had some positive influence too. 
So to come out and say, outright, they caused it? Seems like a stretch. 


Historical oppressive governments and the actions they took against their populations? Even some right now in the current day can have some action.
You think if the CCP thinks you are working against the interest of Chinese workers, but because you don't hold any Yuan, they'll just let you keep your house, your factory, your stockpile of goods or resources?
I mentioned Kulaks for a reason as well - Bitcoin wouldn't have helped them any. They weren't after money. They wanted that farm land and food. 


I don't know if you are being malicious here, but you know this is wrong and are lying. You know that even if we assumed a stable population and universal adoption - Bitcoin is effectively destroyed constantly. The maximum hypothetical money supply will never increase, but the amount of bitcoin in circulation decreases through losses and accidents. 
Once you factor in growing population sizes - the amount of currency available per person only ever shrinks. Additionally add in the impact of anyone HODLing - like large businesses with massive wealth reserves - and you will experience effective deflation across the board for average people. 


This is an ideological position that I am completely against. Debt is one of the greatest things lower and middle class individuals have access to, because Debt allows people to make necessary, life changing purchases that can be amortized over long periods of times. 
If you absolutely need a car, buying a used car with a car loan can be life changing for your income and job opportunities, whereas not having that vehicle could result in you having less negotiating power for your labor, having to take a worse job per hour, and taking much longer to save up to afford the up front purchase cost of a vehicle. Not having access to this loan can effectively fuck your opportunity for many years, or even decades. 
The ability to take on debt to buy a house, a car, get an education, or to float yourself between career changes is incredibly, unbelievably helpful to the lower classes. The types of debts you are against - things like Credit Cards - won't be impacted and that more expensive debt will just fuck over those people even more than it does now. 
It's literally a worst case scenario. 


I read your post, but considering you started with 
**Secondly you're wrong that inflation is ever good.**
I think this a really bad starting point and speaks to the level you can discuss economics at. You have said a number of things in this latest post (and your linked one) that runs contrary to broad consensus among economists and, on things that are more debatable and nuanced, take a hard stance towards specific sides. 
Thank you for the conversation, but this will be my last reply.
@_date: 2019-10-02 11:48:52
Mark Cuban drops a one meme quote and some guy on Medium writes a 12 paragraph article having a meltdown shitting on him relentlessly? And then OP sees this laughable piece and says, yeah not only do I agree with this, but this is also worth sharing.
Is this really the state of the Bitcoin community?
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:37:41
It's good to know there are no experts and it's all uncharted territory but it's also a fact that it'll change the world and go to the moon 
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:48:28


It's a speculative commodity. That much should be clear from looking at it. The value of bitcoin is backed exclusively on what the next person is willing to pay you for it. How many people talk about Bitcoin around here is indistinguishable from how someone trying to rope you into a Ponzi Scheme would sound. 
The difference is whether or not Bitcoin will emerge as a pseudo global currency for the second world countries. While the currency is volatile, it's marginally more accessible than current cash transfer services in many places, and it's potentially easier to "cash in" to bitcoin to protect your cash from a local fiat collapse. However, this is also true for just exchanging your money for other foreign cash - if you live in Europe, holding onto some level of USD and maybe Yuan is more "secure" in case of local currency collapse than Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin certainly has more staying power and longevity than most people expected it to have, however it remains to be seen if it will stay around forever given obvious issues intrinsic to the design of Bitcoin - such as lack of consumer protection preventing it from ever being a preferable currency to fiat or digital fiat.
@_date: 2019-10-02 15:30:00
Do you know of any country in the world that does not allow foreign currency to exist within its borders or be purchasable at a bank?
North Korea is the only one I can think of, and even then USD is often used there. Bitcoin isn’t accessible to them so it’s not an option either.
@_date: 2019-10-02 16:56:11
So you understand you wrote a circle jerk article, where you quote one line Mark says, presuppose everyone agrees with you and thinks he's dumb, and then spent numerous paragraphs malding about it?
When he has other fine statements that should be addressed like


And 


Especially since his Banana comment is in reference to periods in human history where bitcoin would not have helped these people, but many bitcoin enthusiasts think it would have. Gold didn't help people during Sarajevo in the same way Bitcoin didn't. That banana comment is true in the context of what he was talking about (but would have been more apt to say cans of beans). Instead your response was LMAO YOU CAN USE BITCOIN TO BUY BANANAS --- except, not in the exact circumstance he stated he would want the bananas, no, you can't.
In short your article is a masturbatory piece meant to appeal to people who already agree with you.
@_date: 2019-10-02 15:40:54


If you look in this subreddit, or this very thread? Yes, many people believe that. 
The amount of people who believe Bitcoin represents just another store of value, analogous to a digital gold, and not the DIGITAL CYBERPUNK REVOLUTION, is small to the point of concern. 


This really isn't true, unless you are talking about someone who had hid the entirety of their money in bitcoin and in no way makes any effort to transform that into material items. 
There is a reason the IRS is able to find tax dodgers - in fact the IRS is so effective at finding tax dodgers their primary issue is they don't actually have enough agents to go out and do the audits to get the money. People get away with tax evasion often not because they straight up got away with it, but because they just don't have the resources to fuck you. 
People in communities or in possession of material goods can be sniffed out quite easily like a truffle pig. Especially since the valuable assets they will want is not your money, but land and resources, which you can't hide in bitcoin. While there is a potential that, yes a societal collapse scenario would result in the gubmint taking your dollars? It's less likely they'll just steal your farm land, food stores, water, and other supplies that will make existence extremely difficult or impossible no matter how much internet money you have. 
The Siege of Sarajevo is a good example of a case where Bitcoin, just like gold and other precious metals, were of zero value for a large period of the conflict. Lighter fluid and cans of food were the currency being traded. Gold and other items only regained trade value during the recovery. 
Keeping your money in a foreign account would grant you most of these same benefits that you want out of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-01 19:41:01


OPs post very heavily implies that 


Transfers between family members are not the governments business. They won’t see these unless they are above that 10K mark, which technically might not even be seen (those transactions aren’t reported via transactions inside of the banking system, only money entering or leaving)
If you handed your family member cash - cash being the analog in use case to fiat - then the government doesn’t know.


These problems are entirely antithetical to Bitcoin as a trustless system - any solution to these problems, either being reversibility of transactions or third party mediators acting as escrow, run counter to all the strengths outlined in OPs image. 
This isn’t a problem that can be solved such as scalability by making tweaks. This problem is literally foundational to Bitcoin, and solving those problems means changing Bitcoin at its very core
@_date: 2019-10-02 17:38:49




The only thing is, with central bank money creation, it's usually cited as a bad thing and 1-2 extreme examples are cited... But for the most part, a country that has reached that point where massive inflation is destroying the country has other things going on, and if unable to just print dollars, will likely fuck with the local population in numerous other ways. 
In short, it seems like treating a symptom moreso than solving the terminally ill problem. It's kind of circular at that point - if you are already in a position where this could be occurring? Then bitcoin isn't exactly going to help you all that much. By the time it becomes an actual, real problem... Fixing it would have no positive impact. 
It's also entirely possible that having currency manipulation off the table and your populace having global currency might push tyrants to more dramatic action earlier as well. 
Inflation in most of the western world is pretty closely controlled and hasn't been an issue or a cause of our recessions - and is often cited to be the reason recessions are less severe and why we can bounce back out. 
Fractional Reserve Banking would continue to exist even in a fully deflationary world, just with somewhat different numbers and interest rates than we see now. 
But the big downside to be cognizant of, since you said wealth inequality is a problem of concern - I'm sure you understand the potential downsides of bitcoin being a deflationary currency. Any person who holds a debt might have that debt grow at a rate that far outstrips their ability to pay. It would also encourage wealth to pool - the more HODLers, the more deflation kicks in, making the remaining supply less for the smaller population. You could very easily enter a scenario of extreme deflation that, instead of just collapsing the entire economy like hyperinflation, creates wealth gaps that will be impossible to ever close.
@_date: 2019-08-20 13:52:22




@_date: 2019-12-09 20:15:02
I agree, in Bitcoin this man wouldnt be able to send his inheritance in the first place because the family member died and their private key was hidden on an encrypted drive they didnt have the password to
@_date: 2019-12-09 17:26:56


The sort code being arbitrary in Bitcoin is a non sequitur as to whether is a necessary component of a bank transfer. The proper analogy is that he provided a valid, but incorrect, wallet address. 


If the man provided an invalid sort code, the money would not have transferred. However, if the man provided an accurate address, the transfer would have went through and been irreversible. There are countless technological and human based errors that could occur and result in sending money to the wrong wallet.
@_date: 2019-12-09 15:44:53


What is with this pivot? 


Actually, on bank forms for large transfers there are declared statements you have to sign saying you checked the details, they are correct, and you are responsible if they are not filled in correctly. In this vein, the man would be equally as responsible for making sure the information was correct as he would be in any cryptocurrency. 
However, the article pivoted away, and avoided answering whether or not there are already local laws that do regulate the bank to deal with the issue (ie, the man won the court case against the incorrect recipient, and depending on the laws would likely win against the bank as well), and many legal jurisdictions require the bank to check the information is correct (ie, the Mickey Mouse as the name example would not be a valid deposit depending on local laws). 
Whereas, like the article admits, in Bitcoin this man would just have been fucked and would have been unable to even get the funds back through the lawsuit.
@_date: 2019-12-09 17:45:37


This is a very hyper literal framing of the issue to a level that is incredibly disingenuous.
Given the number of digits involved with bitcoin addresses, any number of issues could happen like an incorrect copy of the code (either accidentally copying the wrong wallet address, or it failing to copy when you hit it and pasting a previous address), wrong QR scan, and obvious wallet fuck ups. This is in addition to additional human errors like, for example, you provided the correct info but your lawyer supplied the wrong information. The length of bitcoin addresses necessitates a technological solution and those can all have some degree of human error. 
If you wanted an example of me being equally disingenuous, I could say that this issue wouldn't have happened either, since there is a good chance he'd never be able to even get his inheritance out of her wallet in the first place as she isn't alive to grant access to wherever she stored her key.
@_date: 2018-11-21 14:33:01
"If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine." says Obi Bit Coinobi, right before never doing anything else again for the rest of the trilogy (or the movies past it)
@_date: 2018-11-01 11:43:16
Yeah but fractional reserve banking would still happen under Bitcoin so...? 
@_date: 2018-11-02 17:19:39
Is the incredibly detailed abstract you posted above so horrendously inaccurate if I pull your PDF it will actually be on a completely different topic with completely different subjects explored?
If so, then sure, maybe I'm incorrect in my assertion. 
@_date: 2018-11-02 16:03:04




How can you make the claim it's not the same idea if you haven't even read the book? 
@_date: 2018-11-22 17:32:41


There is no trap. The article uses a lot of semantic bologna in an attempt to try and paint crypto as some magical unicorn that defies conventional understanding, but then fails to account that the concept of "property" and "ownership" are inherently infinitely flexible pragmatically and philosophically. 
It would be like saying libel laws aren't real because there is no ownership of words or quotes, so we can't determine or prove someone said anything or that it's generating blah blah blah - but in reality we realize that when you say something, you both have ownership of that statement (and can challenge people who misquote you) and are liable for damages that may cause (libel, slander, etc). And most importantly, I can exchange this for material goods in many ways. 
Taking this guys article to it's logical conclusion he's like, literally saying if someone were to take your phone, steal your private key, and steal your bitcoins, we could never really determine ownership or blame this party, because there isn't like, anything that exists, at all - ignoring that the possession and ability to utilize this non existent thing has some sort of market value that people are willing to exchange goods or services for.
@_date: 2018-11-02 12:54:43


So all you've done is basically take David Friedman's Machinary Of Freedom and tried to make it sound more bitcoiny? 
@_date: 2018-11-01 13:42:14
For the most part: banks don't generate random currency to lend out. They only lend out what is deposited and held by them. 
The analogy is your checking account is no different than a mutual fund. I put money into the bank, it lends out that physical money I deposited, while the bank still owes me whatever money I put into it if I request to cash out. My earnings are in the form of interest on my deposits. 
@_date: 2018-12-10 22:42:56
Bitcoin is free of counterfeit currency. Bitcoin is not free of fraud. In fact the irreversible nature of Bitcoin transactions and the anonymity makes it an ideal vector for fraud. Which, funny enough, the article alludes to on a few of its own points.
@_date: 2018-12-10 17:40:51
This article asserts that decentralization is good for humanity, but never justifies it. It also seems to use weasel language to drive home it’s point: when it implies there is no “fraud” in Bitcoin - a word that is very, very broad - he simply means to say there is no counterfeit currency, something the average person rarely has to be concerned with or is impacted by. 
This article is propaganda of the worst sort, because it only provides arguments for those already drinking the koolaid