@_author: demerdin
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:38:07
Thank you. This is a really helpful post. (not sarcastic!)
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:29:47
Thanks for the link! When I've been working I've been trying to articulate this line from the link, "[l]oss of decentralized trust narrative, inability to differentiate Bitcoin from competing technologies." 
When 51+% happens, the users of the trustless system have to suddenly trust someone. That is discouraging. So if you wanted to hurt bitcoin, for whatever reason, getting 51% and 'doing something bad' would do a pretty good job of eroding trust in the system.
Thanks again for the link.
@_date: 2014-08-14 12:25:44
Thanks so much!
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:11:53
Hi T9B,
Thanks for the answer. I'll respond. I was not talking about individuals using bitcoin. I am talking about a business using bitcoin. Specifically, a large business selling its services and products on bitcoin. 
1) I introduced A &amp; B to setup D. That is, human error and customer data are business risks that have remediation. If a human makes a mistake and bitcoin gets stolen or lost, there isn't remediation in the same way. 
C) Multisig and escrow makes sense in legitimate transactions. I was talking about theft, specifically. User A (the company) gets compromised. The attacker gets access to the bitcoin wallet. The attacker sends the BTC to his/her address. ... In that case, the BTC is gone. If the attacker instead gained access to the company CC or the company bank, while the money can be transferred, it can also be traced and the bank may be required to reimburse the stolen money. As a business (re: not individual), taking on that kind of risk may be a big no-no, especially when there are investors and a board to explain to.
2) "What if" was not actually a point of view, but I see what you are saying. This scenario is about trust. A business has to trust the financial instruments it operates in, especially if that business is publicly traded. While the retail bank *could* abuse money supply, that wouldn't affect the trust in the system (any more than crypto-anarchists already have lost trust). 
The thing is, the answer to B makes sense, but it is not satisfactory in a business sense. It amounts to "you have to trust the people you don't know because, really, there is nothing they would gain from hurting the thing they are invested in." That's blind trust. In the banking sector, it can be "you don't have to trust those guys, because they are regulated and transparent, and you know who they are, who is invested, and what their first and last names are." 
B) It's not so much about the 51% attack. It's about this quote from Satoshi Nakamoto's paper, on page 1, "The system is secure as long as honest nodes collectively control more CPU power than any cooperating group of attacker nodes." Those are his/their words. Because (1) we don't know who owns 51%, (2) it is now possible to own &gt;51%, and (3) we don't know the motives behind the owners of &gt;51%, wouldn't Nakamoto agree that the system is not secure?
3) I am in BTC. I am not talking about me or you. I'm talking about a large business. If I sell a laptop for 600 USD or 1 BTC, I don't want to have sold that laptop for 450 USD or 1 BTC three weeks from now, because I have to maintain my accounting. This is why I think large businesses would use BTC as a payment processor only. You can write a program to on-the-fly adjust BTC to the USD equivalent, but you would want to immediately transfer that BTC to Fiat for accounting and stability reasons. 
b) Reference above.
Thanks for the thorough comments! I look forward to understanding more.
@_date: 2014-08-14 12:25:37
Thank you! 
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:54:35
I like your point, yet it kind of agrees with original question. If human error that leads to bitcoin loss in a business context, and the technology is so esoteric that it takes a "fair amount of knowledge and skill ... to store it", why on earth would a large business take that risk?
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:30:20
Insightful. Thanks. :-/. I am thinking; I do it quite often. Perhaps you'd care the explain how my assumption is wrong. You'll quickly learn that I quickly learn from facts and sound arguments.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:47:59
Hi t9b,
Thanks for the response. To clarify, arguments are based on academic literature, experience working in two FT 100 companies, and graduate discussions. 
I've worked inside a big 4 accounting firm and a communications company. Their bean counting is pretty thorough. You are correct that they use a single currency, all three were based in EU but reported in USD. 
You make a good case for the blockchain replacing the different accounts. That makes a lot of sense. Why would the company rely on outside transaction verification when it could create and maintain its own blockchain with its own company crypto currency? That would do a lot of what you suggestion without relying on outsiders? 
You're talking about the finance department profiting from foreign exchange volatility. There are clear indicators that allow those departments to account for and setup wins. Are those available in BTC? Further, not all companies spend resources taking profit from forex. A lot of finance folks I know (people in logistics and law firms) spend a lot of their time seeking investors and finding funding. (Side note: logistics and shipping would be great for BTC because there are dozens of currencies at play... but then it requires convincing people like exxon, haliburton, and schulemberger to take a BTC risk).
51% - Yes, I have considered the economics of doing it. It's written about in "Two Bitcoins at the Price of One? Double-Spending Attacks on Fast Payments in Bitcoin" by Karame. My concern is not that someone will do that kind of attack. In "Can We Afford Integrity by Proof-of-Work? Scenarios Inspired by the Bitcoin Currency" by Becker there are several attacks (and the economics associated with those attacks) mentioned. They involve supercomputer attacks, botnet attacks, DDoS (hacktivism/terrorism) attacks. Having control of 51+% is not only achieved to win some bitcoins. Moving away from bitcoin because bad stuff *could* happen is a bit slapdash, i get it. But, there is a problem there. Businesses large and small need to know that there is a risk, and it's not just won or double-spent bitcoin, and if that risk comes to fruition, there isn't a system in place to get the losses back. (For example, a problem could cause the BTC/USD to tank... if Dell or whomever holds a lot of BTC, they could have a loss, but if Dell or whomever was using BTC as an affordable payment processor, it's all good).
I do make a whole thing about trust. I'm trying to get my head around it. I get that it was designed to be trustless; but we are in a position were we have to trust GHASH. Sure, it makes no economic sense. But we have to trust that their economic interests are greater than ..... something.
I'm working through business-specific internal regulation (like information security protocols within a credit card company) and federal-over arching regulation (like ISO 270001) that can be introduced intnernally and externally that can encourage bitcoin use while allaying some of the risks.
Internally would things like ... how to store, secure, and operate bitcoin so "human error" just doesn't happen. 
Externally would be things like ... ___ i'm not really sure yet. 
-- 
Thanks for the info.
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:37:56
Thank you. This is a really helpful post. (not sarcastic!)
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:29:58
Great! Thanks.