@_author: demigodforever
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:20:18
So, the best we could do is to make everyone equal, but whats holding us back is the horrors of past mistakes and the ill effects it may cause if not done right.
I totally agree equality by force is not the way to go either. The way Marx envisioned it, revolution was not to come from above, by the government but from the people when they understand the merits of it. 
That is something we can try now too, for eg, instead of forced socialism we could have a strong state that leans left, free education and minimum social benefits like food for all, that gives the poor and the downtrodden a fighting chance even if they dont end up as millionaires. Free universal health care like its done in many places in Europe.
Instead of free for all capitalism, regulatory authorities to keep check of things, and make sure they are independent bodies and not under the control of politicians to check corruption.
Now these are all steps towards socialism and they are much better than all out socialism because of the risks that brings along with it. And looking at all the alternatives, its seems best to improve upon socialism than going with capitalism. It's known that Communism is a failed experiment on the world's stage but it was one of the greatest experiments in the history of mankind and what we should be doing is taking notes and moving forward, not holding on to its mistakes.
That is for both the left and right, the left should be accepting the mistakes of stalinism and to have accomodated stalinism in blind faith and the right should be trying to improve upon it.
After all, like Marx said, after a transient socialist state, the state is going to wither away and its going to be a pretty close to a gift economy and that is pretty much what the liberals and the anrachists are fighting for too.
@_date: 2014-12-23 04:56:24
I think you are mixing up stalinism with the original ideas of marx, he was against the ideas of a state.
@_date: 2014-12-23 05:07:15
Well, marx talked about a post scarcity society where the class differences will be wiped out by revolution.
Right now, if there is any class differences between the people, it is caused by consumerism, we are pretty much in a post scarcity world in the developed countries where there is enough food water and shelter for everyone and if someone feels like they dont have enough, the major cause is the class differences perpetuated by consumerism.
In other words, consumerism is a major factor in the system being perpetuated here. If we all ended up feeling like only buying the things we really need, the billionaires of the world are the ones who ends up pretty fucked up, not us.
@_date: 2014-12-23 04:54:47
Not really, didn't Marx maintain that the state will wither away and we will end up with a gift economy?
Sounds pretty anarchic.
@_date: 2014-12-23 05:14:36
So we have exisiting property rights which is a huge problem, and if we are to fuck around with that we'll have to move far from libertarian ideas.
Maybe what we need is a socialist state to equalize the situation a bit and then move towards libertarianism?
@_date: 2014-12-23 04:59:53
I agree, if we are looking up history to define words, communism will seem like a very fascist stalinist idea while it isn't.
We shouldn't be defining words based on the past mistakes of history but by the ideas they are.
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:23:24
Done