@_author: deminar
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:10:44
Wow, people in this thread really don't understand the difference between market regulations and government regulations.
Thanks for taking the time to compose your thoughts, Erik. Sorry that most of what you're saying is being drowned out by a tide of hate and envy.
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:50:51
There is *nothing* "natural" about inflation. In fact, it is among the most *unnatural* of economic phenomena. I strongly suggest that you educate yourself and attempt to dispel your naiveté.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:39:09
Listen to me very carefully.
If Bitcoin continues to grow in popularity; if more and more people adopt Bitcoin as a store of value and a medium of exchange, the government *will* attempt to bring it to heel.
Perhaps more regulations will be imposed. Perhaps the IRS will attempt to audit Bitcoin activity. Maybe it will just be outright banned. I don’t know, but I do know this: all governments derive their power from their unquestioned authority to steal money from their citizens. Sometimes that theft is called taxation, other times it's called inflation. The moment - the very instant - that the government senses that that power might be in jeopardy, it will act.
*You have been warned.*
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:50:56
Words on a piece of paper neither grant authority nor offer protection. It doesn't take a legal scholar to observe that the United States government long, long ago overstepped the imagined limitations imposed upon it by its charter documents.
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:40:58
Go produce something of value and sell it for bitcoins. That would be a lot more useful to the people in this forum and the bitcoin ecosystem as a whole than having another agent of the state who "represents" their views.
@_date: 2014-01-13 22:53:08
A payroll API that allows employers to dispense a portion of an employee's salary in bitcoin without requiring that employer to themselves be a holder of bitcoin is...useless? Even without considering the subjectivity of value, that's a pretty thin claim.
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:31:12
Stop giving the NYDFS legitimacy by acknowledging their assertion that they own you. Just ignore them. This petition amounts to nothing more than groveling for another month and a half of quasi-freedom. Signing it doesn't just accomplish nothing, it is a step in the *wrong* direction because the very act implicitly concedes the right of NYDFS to regulate cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:43:01
An entity which currently enjoys a monopoly on the creation of money and the development of monetary policy wants regulation of a protocol which threatens that monopoly? SHOCKING.
@_date: 2014-03-29 05:41:37
You aren't understanding what is really going on here. The fact that the actions by the IRS impede the growth of bitcoin adoption and create untenable regulatory requirements is not some kind of negative side effect of regulatory policy. *It is the intended purpose.*
These petitions only serve to give you the illusion that your voice is being heard. It is not. Stop begging your masters for freedom.
@_date: 2014-01-11 20:14:10
I'm going to stencil a QR code on the side of my car so people trying to merge lanes can tip me when I brake to let them in.
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:34:53
The very simple and direct answer to your question is this: *the employee prefers consumption in the future to consumption in the present*.
It is generally acknowledged (though by no means guaranteed) that bitcoins will increase in value relative to dollars over time. This means that an employee which accepts part of their salary in bitcoins will realize greater purchasing power in the future than they would have had if they accepted their full salary in dollars, *even if the only thing which they choose to directly purchase with their bitcoins are dollars by re-exchanging*.
Thus, the real question should be, why would any individual choose to trade their labor in exchange for a currency which possesses a propensity to *lose* value over time when they could choose to trade their labor in exchange for a currency which has a propensity to *gain* value over time?
If you disagree with my assessment, it can only be for one reason: you do not believe that bitcoins will increase in value relative to dollars over time. That's a fair argument, as the future is still uncertain, and presents a decision point which is best left to each individual. The way you presented the situation, however, as a "solution looking for a problem", is, in my opinion, entirely misguided.
@_date: 2014-07-19 16:38:14
Authoritarian psychopaths like you are a cancer on society.
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:58:53
"The Matrix is a system, Neo. That system is our enemy. But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see? Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters. The very minds of the people we are trying to save. But until we do, these people are still a part of that system and that makes them our enemy. You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged. And many of them are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it."
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:16:28
Because sometimes consumption in the present is preferred to consumption in the future. This is the only reason that anyone buys anything. It's true that a deflationary currency encourages savings and discourages consumption, but to believe that that poses a fundamental problem is just as silly as reasoning that no one would ever open a bank account and put dollars into it, since inflationary currencies encourage consumption and discourage savings.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:36:47
[I'll just leave this here.](
Look at the sidebar of this forum. Right there it states, "bitcoins are...managed without any central authority" and "there is no government...in charge of Bitcoin". But that's not what this edict from the IRS would lead one to conclude. The IRS states that any time you use bitcoins, you must verify that you don't owe them a cut. If you miscalculate, you are a criminal. The amount of cost this adds to transacting in bitcoin -- for businesses in particular -- is enormous.
This announcement brings us one step closer to one of two ultimate conclusions -- either Bitcoin will become irrelevant, or the IRS will. I know which event I'm hoping for, but judging by all of the jubilant cheers arising from members of this forum I'm not betting that my preference will be the outcome.
None are so blind as those that will not see.
@_date: 2014-07-27 18:33:34
America, twenty years from now.
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:34:56
The government *funds* nothing because the government *has* nothing. It takes from people that earn money, keeps some for itself (salaries for bureaucrats are quite hefty), and uses the rest to provide "services" which it claims could not otherwise exist. All of the funding comes from the people themselves, not the state.
Don't attempt to guilt people that were forced to use services without a reasonable opportunity to avoid it. If you're robbed to build a road and then use that road, you were still robbed. It doesn't bring virtue to the act of robbery, which any truly moral individual would recognize as a crime. Stating otherwise would be like me stealing from you, waiting until you were hungry, then buying you a sandwich. "Without me, you'd starve to death! Don't be so ungrateful!"
@_date: 2013-04-15 04:11:17
Satoshi is fair dinkum thinkum.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:45:03
The threat comes when transactions occur that don't use dollars at all, as in the exchange of bitcoins for goods or services.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:42:55
When a well-packaged web of lies has been sold gradually to the masses over generations, the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a raving lunatic.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:15:44
Ha, ha. Ah--haha. Ha, hahaha! HAHA! AAHHH, HAHAHA--AAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:48:35
Your example is not incorrect, but you're not following it through to the end.
You trade me an apple (dollars) for an orange (bitcoins). You then trade that orange for a banana (say, a service). Sure, you essentially traded your dollars for a service, but the exchange doesn't stop there. The producer of the service has traded his labor for bitcoins without using dollars as a go-between, and they can in turn now exchange those bitcoins for yet another good or service, again without dollars.
Think of it another way: the dollars that we use today are a form of currency which evolved from banknotes, which evolved from gold, which evolved from beads, shells, and whatever other trinkets people have used as a medium of exchange over the course of human history. Would you argue that when you purchase a banana, you're exchanging polished shells for it?
I don't want to get on a soapbox about the Federal Reserve as I know that there are a lot of opposing views on the subject around here, but I will point out that the power of that institution is derived by its monopoly on the production of dollars, which most everyone agrees are valuable as a tool of trade. Bitcoin threatens the Fed because it offers a potentially superior tool of trade, and the more people that agree with that sentiment and conduct their trade in bitcoins, the weaker the Fed will become.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:37:40
I think that cryptocurrencies are the future. Also, the innovation of a decentralized public transaction ledger is brilliant, and has a plethora of applications beyond just a monetary system.
Seeing those technologies take root and really start to change society is inevitable, but getting there is going to involve a difficult intellectual battle against entrenched institutions. Describing the specifics would only be speculation, but if we all stopped looking for the government to give this whole experiment its blessing (because it never will), we'd be in a much better position for what is coming.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:58:24
Anyone who did not see this scenario materializing is truly living in a dream world. Anyone who thinks that some other major government (e.g. India) will benevolently allow its citizens to voluntarily adopt a monetary system which is outside of its ability to control and manipulate is delusional.
I still remember how so many people were rejoicing when FinCEN announced it would be developing guidance for the regulation of cryptocurrencies. It's really sad and terrifying watching brainwashed cattle applaud the sharpening of the executioner's axe.
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:05:28
I am disgusted to know that you were treated this way in response to your attempt to actually *educate* your peers about something genuinely thought-provoking (in a place supposedly designed for such purposes). Understand that what you were doing was *real* education, not an attempt to force-feed impressionable minds a toxic slurry of intellectual slop and revisionist history.
When dealing with authority figures, always hold in your mind the distinction between respect and obedience. It's clear that your teacher was only interested in you paying her the latter. You sound like a good kid.
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:15:08
"Law" is just a fiction to provide you with a false sense of security. The truth is that words on a piece of paper signed by dead men provide you with absolutely no protection from the individuals with guns that believe they have the moral authority to control you. The only thing that they need for that is your consent. As long as you believe that "law" somehow magically protects you, they have that consent.
@_date: 2013-10-21 20:14:01
TIL savings funds offer rewards denominated in sperm.
@_date: 2013-12-10 21:57:36
I always find it remarkable that most people only ever consider one side of any economic transaction, namely the consumer. Surely, they think, the consumer will be unwilling to spend their deflating currency, therefore Bitcoin won’t work (future-oriented time preference, the horror!). What is rarely ever considered is the other side of the transaction, namely the producer. No one ever asks why a producer would prefer to sell their goods or services using a currency that gradually loses values when they could instead demand the deflationary currency.
Somewhere there exists a parallel universe where everyone uses a deflationary currency and no one can see past the producer’s side of exchange. And in that world, when someone suggests trying an inflationary currency, everyone dismisses it on the grounds that no one would ever want to sell anything.
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:36:42
Splendid work.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:57:51
You ask why people would want to buy products with a deflationary currency when they could buy them with an inflationary currency. That's a good point, but what about the other side of the question? Why would anyone want to *sell* goods in exchange for an inflationary currency when they could instead sell them in exchange for a deflationary currency?
Your statements about incentives to spend bitcoins hold true only as long as individuals agree that other currencies -- dollars, euros, yen, or whatever else -- hold value. If and when the value of these currencies (relative to bitcoins) are called into question, what then?