@_author: demonweed
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:22:57
Indeed . . . history began as a struggle between tribes, but it evolved into class struggle.  This isn't ideology; it is observation.  Truth be told, I'm open to legitimate pacification, such as when boldly progressive reforms actually prevent "trickle down" from becoming uphill flow that concentrates wealth and shuts out working people from participation in economic gains.  However, to see such a huge portion of working Americans siding in favor of being shut out even more profoundly from the rewards of their own labor -- I've spent the past 20 years going from suspicious that was happening to horrified the numbers are so much worse than any of those youthful projections.
The shitty thing is that America really did rebel to throw off the chains of do-nothing aristocrats only to build up a more severely parasitic culture of do-nothing tycoons.  Mark Cuban thinks he understands economics.  Donald Trump wants to be President of the United States.  Dick Cheney actually was Vice President and no doubt did more than offer rare bits of humble advice to his running mate . . . and let's not forget more than shades of hereditary title on that buffoon.  If stupid people want to watch *The Big Bang Theory* and think they've enjoyed a window into the lives of geniuses, so be it.  If stupid people want to endorse hare-brained nonsense about science or economics, then vote likeminded leaders into office -- then it's no longer harmless fun but instead a catastrophically harmful social phenomenon.  
The damage to our nation is not incidental.  Lives lost, between the wars and healthcare policy and economic policy, not to mention environmental issues, are downright staggering.  This is because of the dittoheads.  This is because of all those people who believe they are patriotic, yet remain unwilling to make the feeble effort required to see through the idiocy of Wall Street's toxic agenda.  Even the tycoons would step the fuck off if they had any real concept of the consequences of their actions.  The rest of us can be the economic equivalent of human shields for a little while longer, but things really are that bad, and almost everyone with power seems eager to make it worse.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:42:58
Seriously, I have never seen a username here more ironic than BS_Filter.  The guy apparently thinks in slogans that shouldn't impress a college libertarian sitting through his first meeting.  I suppose, insofar as a filter is something that collects and becomes filled with contaminants, the name might still be apt.  Either way, that "taxation is theft" stuff deserves every last bit of scorn we can level at it whenever someone make the claim in public.  Grown-ups have no excuse for that sort of behavior.
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:27:22
Russia seems to be making progress on a project like this.  What will stop our government from doing it is the magical cooties all things Russian have now that Cold War 2 is underway.