@_author: demonictyrael
@_date: 2017-02-02 17:46:56
So if I'm understanding you correctly.
- You prefer to instigate direct military confrontation with Iran. 
- You prefer aggressive postures over peaceful resolutions
- You prefer that Iran attempt to move away from the US dollar (which is bad for the dollar as a currency)
Ignoring how you just oversimplified the Yemen conflict. Your argument would have merit if perhaps this addressed the Yemen conflict (which it does not).
So your point? More things are worse. Zero things are better. But somehow Donald has taken the correct action but the consequences of that action are Obama's fault.
You amuse me.
@_date: 2017-02-02 17:52:26
@_date: 2017-02-02 17:22:58
Obama made a peace deal with Iran and relations have been tough but working.
Trump has been very aggressive and now Iran is aggressive back. Words have consequences and his words have been very bad for global stability.
@_date: 2017-03-15 01:12:01
It isn't rational to listen to ANYONE who encourages divisiveness in a community that is founded on the principles of building consensus.
If Core was rational then BU wouldn't have so much support. Why are people choosing BU over Core? As you said it isn't rational but it's happening. I think we would all prefer BU to be a BIP(s) in Core where it can be discussed, analyzed, and debated normally without so much hostility and "politics". Core dropped the ball big time and now several devs in core have lost faith and trust from a good chunk of the community. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 00:52:25
I want Bitcoin to work. I want my transactions to be confirmed faster. I want the fees to be lower. I want it to be easier to obtain more Bitcoin. I think most people agree on these sentiments. Core decided to make Segwit a very political issue and took a hard line on how they decided to do it. BU formed because when people disagreed Core didn't facilitate any kind of productive discussion or action to alleviate the concerns and fears of people who disagreed.
Thankfully, after 5 years in Bitcoin I've learned to be patient and to hear both sides out, form my opinions on evidence, and listen to people who believe in the principles of bitcoin, and ignoring those who don't.
We've all been on this roller coaster together remember. Accidental satoshis, lying exchanges, australian con men, devs getting bamboozled. BU and Segwit controversy is just another twist in the ride for all of us. The community had to unite and be strong together to get through the hard times. This time is no different, we need to stop letting these people divide us, and that starts by showing some respect to both sides and listening to each others concerns and trying to build consensus, not divisiveness.
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:31:16
Wow, such drama. So those BU guys will patch the bug and move on with life? K
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:53:46
Neither is Bitcoin Core. One of the two children in the Sandbox needs to stand up and act professional.
Peter Todd needs to build a bridge with BU, follow the example of Bitcoin philosophy, and he needs to build consensus with other major influencers. Can't expect people to treat you like a leader unless you act like one. All of Core needs to grow up and address the BU problem. Consensus and compromise is possible to make everyone happy AND make Bitcoin the best it can be.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:41:25
I like your first paragraph. Talking to people about the lack of effective project management in BU is something even non-technical people can understand and appreciate. Core leaders should use their pulpit to compare things like measurable project management effectiveness between the projects. Lots of examples from other major open source projects to follow in this regard.
The rest of your post has more mud slinging then I prefer, but I do believe you had good intentions in saying it and I read the article you posted, but your bias is noted. I don't like much of the language Andrew Stone chose to use, I see why you called it a "hit piece". As a software developer I believe that if you write a technical blog post on the goodness of your code, it should stand on it's own merit and be judged accordingly without the "I'm better then those guys" language. It is childish. However, Andrew Stone is responding to other mud slinging, granted I take comments on reddit far less seriously than a blog post when it comes to following industry players, so the blog post is a bit worse IMO.
If Bitcoin Core wants to lead the Bitcoin industry, they need to start speaking and acting like leaders. Instead of tweeting like Donald Trump I would like to see Peter Todd submit a pull request to Bitcoin Unlimited to fix this bug, or even just file a bug report and tweet a reference with a more professional tone. He could then blog about how good security procedures in Core have prevented similar bugs. By reaching out to BU developers and even collaborating with them (where possible and good for everyone, such as a security bug) he could build trust and consensus.
I want a leader who stands above the petty mud slinging, people will naturally follow them and their hard work. That is how successfully leaders in the software industry operate.
@_date: 2017-03-14 20:06:43
Rational people are turned off by the combative nature of Bitcoin Core. Rational people want to see the people who claim to be "leaders" build consensus among experts instead of spending their time slinging mud against competing projects.
If you are confused why rational people have either gone BU or are still undecided.. You don't have to look any further than the comments in this post. (I'm undecided).
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:12:29
My camp? You mean the average Bitcoin enthusiast who has subbed to both and and has steadily watched this debate turn into a petty mud slinging contest? The average enthusiast is afraid to participate in discussion because of people like you and rude/combative reply you just gave me.
According to you guys I "vote" with the software I run? Well I've Bitcoin Core client on my desktop at home, going 5 years strong now. I use Coinbase for my mobile app. I have a cold storage Electrum wallet I made a long time ago. Those are my "votes" and my "camp" I suppose. I use the best and most reliable software for my personal use cases and under the best judgement I can make with the information about Bitcoin and implementing software I can decipher from industry experts.
I don't do any Bitcoin mining, I used to however mine dogecoin to learn about crypto currency. I enjoyed the dogecoin community when it was at it's peak because of the fun and friendliness of that community (I know this isn't relevant, but I want you to understand the "camp" I'm in).
You people need to wake up and realize the average Bitcoin user can't discern between your two "camps". You are so delusional you dismissed my comment and just accused me of being "in the other camp" simply because I didn't agree with you outright. That is what I call "combative".
I want rational leaders in Core. I want someone who steps above the pettiness of the "Core vs BU" debate. Core claims to be open, but BU claims Core is not. Why Peter Todd or some other Core leader can't build a bridge to BU is beyond me. Most of all, I want leaders to answer my concerns as an enthusiast with professionalism (thankfully you aren't any sort of bitcoin leader).
Bitcoin is complex enough without the political bickering. Despite my implicit "vote", I consider myself undecided because a compelling enough reason could make me switch if it came down to that (I don't believe it will, and I hope regular users are never forced to participate in the absurdity of even making such a choice). I think you'll find LOTS of regular bitcoin users feel the same way I do.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:31:51
Bitcoin has leaders, and Core developers definitely claim to be leaders by the very nature of their work. This is a good thing. In my eyes every developer who actively contributes to the development of Bitcoin is such a leader. 
Perhaps you are confusing "leadership" with something authoritarian (or corporate which often confuses the nature of leadership with authority), which i agree Bitcoin does not have or need.
@_date: 2017-06-16 22:17:55
Apparently this site has malware 
@_date: 2017-06-16 23:34:53
I have malware blocking turned on my router, that is my router firewall message. Not accusing the site of distributing on purpose, easily could have been hacked.
@_date: 2017-06-17 00:19:06
Ok cool I'll check my settings, just want to be safe.