@_author: dennisonb
@_date: 2016-08-03 05:21:25
Uh, I think you are in the wrong sub....
@_date: 2018-09-07 11:53:55
Yeah actually that would have been legit.
@_date: 2018-09-07 11:52:36
Well that didnt work out well....
@_date: 2014-03-22 08:11:58
Well I checked out the two Bitcoin tax sites that were mentioned, I was really happy with Bitcointaxes.info but without MtGox data, it's basically a lost cause as it's impossible to calculate exactly what I did this year, not to mention the exchanges I traded at that no longer exist and the in person trades I was doing so casually at the start of the year when Bitcoin was still by and large "Magic internet money". It's a powerful lesson for 2014 though. Not to mention I strongly suspect that the records from BTC-E are not accurate- which doesn't surprise me. They have really only become serious in the past few months- prior to that they were always sort of the wild-west of 'anything goes'. Beyond that- I used bitInstant quite frequently and calculating that is also a headache/impossible. 2014 will be different for me though. Perhaps I will actually just stay away from trading all together to make my life easier. Only buy bitcoin and wait for that day when they are all $1 million each. :-) 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:45:03
Maybe they haven't heard of it now, but now isn't really the point right? You're still alive and living *now*. The point is planning for the unexpected event, that will come to you, at some point in future. When perhaps everyone has heard of bitcoin.....
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:24:40
Frankly I think we have overly invested in developing ways to spend Bitcoin and haven't worked so well developing how people can buy it. In particular we haven't worked well on marketing it to the people who really actually NEED it, which are people doing remittances. That's the holy grail.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:52:16
What if you're in a coma? Not dead? Then what? 
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:04:17
I just checked them out and was so enthusiastic I signed up for the premium account. That said the calculations in the end were very, very, very far off the mark. I don't have my Gox history around because, well, we all know why, but I can't imagine that would make such a large difference (although maybe it would?). It's hard to tell without having access to that trade history. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 12:15:14
I think you would be well served to learn more about how bitcoin actually works. You know how in action movies sometimes they totally rewrite the laws of physics, or come up with situations that are actually impossible, but read well for an audience of viewers who don't know better? That's kinda like what you are talking about. To the uninformed, it sounds entirely plausible- the reality however, is rather different. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 09:50:26
Then I hope you don't use Amazon for example. Open software sometimes needs patents exactly to PROTECT it from companies like Citibank who don't play by such nice rules. 
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:06:31
Sorry, OP- not to be a jerk/troll but do you actually know how Trezor works? I'm a bit partial because I know the guys who make Trezor and have preordered several of them, but It can't 'steal' your Bitcoin. 
It's a transaction signing tool- the keys never leave the device itself. It's easy to see this as well. It can't make transactions on it's own, it merely signs transactions that other applications like Armory prepare. It's not connected all the time to your device, nor is it capable of connecting to the bitcoin network itself either. It's simply a way so that you can create a transaction on your computer, plug in Trezor, the transaction gets sent to armory, where you view it, have to confirm it, the device signs it, sends the signed transaction back to armory where you then have to broadcast it on the bitcoin network. 
To 'hack it' such that it's somehow finding your balances, creating it's own transactions, sending it's own balance, requires such a high level of security breach on your computer that you're probably screwed anyway. 
Also I see people talk about "dodgy components" and I'm thinking, "Like a resistor?" it's a small computer, yes, but someone below mentioned sticking an "ASIC" on it and one can't help but think, "FUD". 
The thing is though if you can't read code, or understand your device, you will never know if it's really secure, because, well, you just don't know enough about technology anyway and probably already have your email hacked, your credit card stolen, etc... :-) 
I don't know, but Trezor is a great solution. Maybe some 3rd party can penetrate test it, but if the NSA intercepts your Trezor package between the facotry and your front door to insert "some dodgy component", rest assured that you're screwed anyway. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 15:31:44
You're welcome! An ambitious goal huh? Actually the api worked quite well for things like Satoshi dice. It was easy to auto-roll as many times as you wanted. The wallet took a small commission from each roll and the user was still able to receive the winnings direct to his wallet. It was quite popular. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:42:01
So how do you give them the address once you're in a coma/dead?
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:25:40
You could use the Aeternum.in KeyVault. It's multisig, you put your seed or Key inside, store it in a few safe places and you're set!
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:32:39
You realize the hardest part of creating an exchange is actually interfacing with a bank and doing all the paperwork? Something that your project doesn't do at all.
-&gt; Having actually built an exchange and interfaced with a bank. Yes I do understand that part. I'm really sorry if you feel like saying "like coinbase" is too much of a stretch. There are a heck of a lot of banks in the world with different data formats and different requirements. Anyone offering to sell you a way to interface to all of them/any of them for 12BTC is selling you a slice of blue sky cake. 
-&gt;There are a few open source cryptocurrency exchanges that are completely free. What's the point of buying yours?
There are indeed, and I think mine is priced accordingly. Have a look at the system and the service. Check out the screen shots and try out the demo. I started with the open sourced projects and they simply didn't cut the cake, sort of speak so I had to develop independently. 
Also, in the title before I said "Like Coinbase" I specified its a WEB WALLET service. Not an exchange, you can certainly plug into to to work like an exchange, but that's not the end all be all. You can also use the API to setup a payment processor that deals with your local area, or plug into the the various bitcoin ATM's and administer the funds from one location, but have all your ATMs plug into this wallet as clients. 
There are so many uses beyond an exchange and beyond the banks.
Other things that make mine different: 
Multilingual, Metrics, Tagging/labeling payments/addresses, InstaCodes. 
Also it looks nice, on desktops and mobile devices. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 12:18:54
Well I suppose that is indeed possible, but in that case- nothing is going to save you from a determined attacker like that. A reasonably skilled carpenter could, in theory, have no problem dismantling your house and rebuilding it, designing it to look exactly like yours and you would have no idea. If someone is competent in fooling you, you will get fooled unless you are competent at detecting this sort of thing. Thats why people use credit cards, because the companies have insurance for this. There are very few organisations in the world that put more time, money and expertise into security then credit card companies, yet they get ripped off left and right. Just look at this Target mess and the 70 million cards thieves got ahold of. There is a limit to how 'safe you can be' without knowing exactly how "safe" works. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:25:06
This is a good thing no? They aren't dead as in bankrupt- they are dead as in like, can't cut it anymore. Thats fine. They have already been dethroned and this will only add to it. It's a great thing. Let them be bought out by someone. :-) 
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:10:17
I want to buy this cover as a poster to put on my wall!
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:23:41
Wow. Thats painful, in all aspects. While it's not blockchain's fault, maybe they should force people to use 2FA just to save them from themselves. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:54:55
are you someone official from Coinbase, or trolling for Coinbase account emails that are known to have bitcoin in them. :-) 
Just asking!
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:25:17
Same for me, although they sent me an email saying, they are getting so many phishing attempts that they are turning off my withdrawl's until I ask them and tell them I'm safe. When I just logged in they made me change my password. I have no reason to doubt them. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 12:22:45
Let me fix that for you: 
"Who is going to pay $100 for a hardware wallet when you have to pay a monthly fee, plus a surcharge for using it a different bank's ATM, plus a foreign transaction fee if you are out of the country, plus a credit monitoring subscription to see if someone has stolen the card number, plus 3% of every transaction for a bank card that just got stolen over the holidays at target?
Yet again an additional savings for using the "superior" currency."
True story. :-)
@_date: 2014-01-10 14:29:25
That is a really insightful question! I don't really know how to answer it very well though. I'm not a professional computer programmer myself and for this project I had hired developers to help me with it. It was a really intense learning process but I was driven more by the idea. I wanted to build an "app store" for money with the Terrawallet letting people build their own plugins via the api. It runs on amazon AWS but was designed so that it could potentially run on embedded hardware as well. I had envisioned small "bitcoin banks" that you would buy as a box to run as a full node in your home where your bitcoin could be accessible from anywhere- your phone, your table, on the road, etc... 
As for code, I don't think I'll reveal any of it ahead of time- but you should not expect world class coding skills. It's functional, but definitely needs a lot of work before you could trust other peoples money on it. That said, for a long time I've run an instance of the wallet from a home server so that I could access my bitcoin from my iphone. I'm a big fan of blockchain.info, but I use Yubikeys for 2FA and getting those to work on my phone on the road is a pain. With terrawallet I was quite happy. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:49:05
I've actually built a device exactly for this issue, which enables you to share the trust of your keys with any number of individuals (Lawyer, safety deposit box in the bank, spouse, kids, best friends, parents,etc...) without needing to trust them with actual ACCESS to your bitcoin. The device is durable, beautiful, wireless, NFC enabled, non-counterfeit-able, and impossible to open without revealing to the owner that it's security has been broken. It works with NFC and is intended to work alongside hardware wallets like Trezor, or online services like Greenaddress.it or any other SEED recovery bitcoin services (Think: HD wallets, Electrum, etc...) Take a look!
It can be used alongside paper wallets, but unlike paper wallets, it can be encrypted AND store the password in the same place. So you don't have to worry about someone peeking at your paper wallet keys, or you don't have to worry about encrypting your keys on the paper wallet AND somehow hiding the keys in a place where your spouse/lawyer/friend/family can find them in the event of your death but not before. 
Also, I was inspired to build this device to look valuable and special after having some of my own QR codes and backup keys accidentally thrown out when they were mistaken for trash! I wanted a device that if my mother were to get back a box of my belongings of all the things in it she would save, it would be this device. Because it simply looks so special. 
Bitcointalk Thread: 
Picture: 
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:56:09
What I understand them to mean (and from the forums) is that if they don't reach their goal, they will take some of the unsold StorjCoins and then allow the people who did participate in the crowdsale to EARN some portion of these coins by becoming the first 'miners' on the network. 'Mining' in this case to be a process by which you provide diskspace and bandwidth to the Storj Network. 
Think of it like this: First they are selling StorjCoins to raise BTC to pay for expenses. 
Then they are incentivising people to actually start using their product early by giving out at a very favorable rate more StorjCoins if you run an instance of their software. That way once they do public they already a) have dev funds and b) have a working product that people use. 
Storj would be useless if no one signed up to have their drives on the network, sharing space, right? It's entirely possible someone might invest without having any intention to contribute a drive or bandwidth to the network. So to avoid launching with a product that works only with a huge userbase of nodes (but without any nodes), they take the unsold StorjCoins and use them to "pay" the early adopters to setup the nodes. 
I suspect it will work out great. It's like mining with your hard drive. We all have hard drives, and the larger the initial user base is, the less likely one massive entity will '51%' the network (although that analogy doesn't really apply but you get the point)
@_date: 2014-09-28 21:22:34
Remittance. We need to build remittance. It's what bitcoin really is for. Global money. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:01:26
Coin Machine Counters that could turn your spare change into Bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-07-17 09:45:47
When I stopped developed I indeed had it interface with my banks electronic accounting software. However- it was made for my bank in the Czech Republic and they have since updated their interface and I couldn't sell you that anyway. Banks elsewhere will have different interfaces that you will have to implement yourself. The Api allows for this however so you can use it how you wish: there is no plug&amp;play solution for interfacing directly with banking software that would be advisable to use out of the box with bitcoin. At it's core, Coinbase is a shared wallet service that allows you to send and receive bitcoin, using email addresses, bitcoin addresses with instant confirms within it's own network, keeping an address book a transaction history, etc... Selling bitcoin has become a core of their business, but that functionality is peripheral to their software interface. That is the same as what this software does. You can send and receive bitcoin instantly between users on the site, you can send bitcoin to people using only their emails. You can store you bitcoin, generate addresses, keep track of transactions label your transactions, etc....
Adding your custom buy/sell bitcoin is simple using the API: Depending on your needs, your bank, etc...
EDIT: So maybe it's not *exactly* like CoinBase, but it's *something* like coinbase. :-) 
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:54:30
I would be careful about that- you have to save that transaction because if you broadcast it today, it will no longer be in any memory pool of any miners 7 years from now and you will have to resubmit it. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:52:52
It would make money again for anyone interested in using it as well. :-) 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:41:34
Because if your Lawyer moves into your house after your dead it's easy for a relative to a) notice b) file a claim in court. If all the bitcoins disappear off your address, good luck proving it was the lawyer. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:56:11
You know- I'm only doing a one time sale as well. It's not something I'm going to resell over and over, and I think that makes it more valuable. However if people would be interested in paying less, but would be okay with me reselling it more then once I would consider that as well. What do you think? 
@_date: 2017-02-09 19:00:24
yes I think the same. This is good news, and a step in the right direction. People might panic now, but better to stock up while you can. In one month bitcoin will be much stronger. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 18:01:28
True, but it's a step in the right direction. They could have banned bitcoin years ago. It's very telling that in all this time they never have, and it's totally reasonable they want to protect investors as well.
@_date: 2014-05-26 05:37:47
Have a look at my KeyVault: 
It's not for signing transactions though, only for storing Keys/Seeds/OneName.io Namecoin Keys, etc... It uses NFC but the NFC key does no computational work. 
As for this, it's a nice idea, but I think for a device that is actually signing your transactions you are going to want a bit more control over it. 
A nicer idea might be to NFC enable hardware wallets like TREZOR, something that has significantly more computational power, and a display + buttons allowing the user to interact more easily with the device. 
When it comes to signing transactions, I think most users are going to want double confirmation of exactly the amount and address they are signing a transaction for. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:44:05
Perfect, so lets just use truecrypt....oh yeah- surprise that doesn't exist anymore or was compromised from the beginning. The USB keys are a good idea, but what if they are accessed without your knowledge in the bank vault? Yeah it's unlikely your house will burn down the same time you die. Unless of course- your in your house when it burns down, and thats why you are dead. :-) 
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:08:27
Think of it this way, in one month we will have exchanges that the PBoC are happy with. This will go a LONG WAY to making bitcoin legitimate in other countries as you could point to China as being a state where the government is involved. I suspect people will freak out for now, but in one month, people will be sad to have sold.....
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:27:02


@_date: 2015-01-09 12:56:45
I replied to this on the Forum: 
SWARM held a vote using Counterparty. It was open, transparent, fair to both the exodus investors and the new comers. A forum pole that is announced nowhere but the forum is not a fair vote. 
EDIT: Everyone is nameless- yes. But these two people have already been singled out, because this entire discussion is about letting these two nameless people buy in a huge amount. So yeah, I would like to know who they are because they ARE getting special treatment. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 12:10:46
I'm posting here what I wrote in the forum in case people want to read it quickly without going over there. Only edit4 was removed in the copy paste as it's a little off topic. 
Quote from: super3 on Yesterday at 04:09:46 am
Quote from: kuba on Yesterday at 04:06:32 am
Can you define large token? Does it mean there is a minimum like 0.5 btc worth of Storj or 10 btc worth of Storj? 
Based on my discussions this will most likely be covered by 1-2 transactions, by 1-2 parties. We have enough interest to meet this goal immediately.  
So no longer 100-200BTC? It's now 200 BTC and 'over' with no cap?!?!?!?!
I think we have the right to know who these parties are that have pushed so aggressively and convincingly on the core developers of the project that within the space of what feels like only 14 days we've gone from discussing the 'possibility' of future crowd sales to voting on what seems like a done deal.
Also- I think any future crowdsales or large token sales should be opened first and exclusively to the original investors. If you want an extra 200 BTC ask us *first* before diluting our support in the project. Who is to say those who originally invested in the project wouldn't be willing to further fund the project? I certainly would be willing to put more money into the project if it means securing the future of the project. But this talk about selling to some individuals because they just want in cheaper than the market would allow, at a volume that accounts for a significant percentage of the original crowd sale is patently unfair. Your supporters got in at a time when BTC was much more valuable and we purchased significantly fewer tokens then we would have had it been today. Are there any plans to adjust the price per token based on the purchase power of BTC today versus when the crowd sale ran?  Because when BTC goes back up against USD to the level it was at when we originally supporters gave you our BTC, these 1-2 individuals really are going to have cleaned up, aren't they? They will have managed to get in at 3x the purchasing power no? 
Not to mention I personally take offense that the vote is worded such that a vote of no further funding is accompanied by what feels like a threat of half a year project delay. I don't see any promise to finish the project 6 months sooner on the option of UNLIMITED additional sales (Option 2). 
This doesn't feel like really involving the community. What about investors who aren't on the forum? This shouldn't be the only voting mechanism anyway (although I take issue with having the vote at all, at this point). Why can't Storj Coin holder be notified with a vote token? Why isn't there something listed on the website where you vote with your exodus address? Who would know this is happening if they just check in on the Storj Website now and then? 
Guys, I implore you to think twice about this. I don't doubt you have good and valid intentions, but we all know what the road to hell is paved with. I may be considered to sometimes be an alarmist individual, but I am a reasonable and critical thinking individual and I've been in bitcoin since the almost-start. So many projects have made the mistake you are about to make, so many.... and they paid dearly for it. 
If you MUST raise an additional 200 BTC my (IMHO more FAIR) proposal is: 
1. Be specific exactly how many BTC you need to raise. (This 200BTC and uppppppp is not cool)
2. Offer the opportunity to raise funds to the original exodus investors exclusively at the outset. This means, a new crowdsale at original prices, to the original investors of the project. Give us 30 days to consider it and raise the funds. 
3. Put this information on the website so people don't need to dig through the forum to figure out whats going on. I checked the website more frequently than the forum until I noticed this crowd-sale talk. You can't expect everyone to be on the forum, read all these comments, and it's not the correct place for a vote. 
4. After the crowd sale finishes THEN offer 3rd parties the option to match the difference of the remaining funds that you wish to have. The price should be the prevailing market price or some average of that. Personally I think it should be the average price BEFORE the talk of crowdsales (which naturally spooks the market). 
That would be a MUCH more fair solution and you would STILL raise your funds, but without alienating individuals like myself that feel like the openness and authenticity of the project is being compromised. (Why would you not take VC funds, but you're comfortable with 1-2 people buying 200BTC worth? When both a) btc is 3x lower than the crowdsale b) 200BTC is nearly 1/4 the entire original crowdsale? that's just stinky....)
EDIT: Note, for the SWARM project their community voting is done by tokens- they distributed vote tokens based on the original investment of users, and then the users send their tokens to various addresses corresponding to their vote decisions. This way the original investors are the ones who are voting, not just anyone who signed up on the forum! This would be far more fair as we original investors are the ones most financially affected by this decision! 
Also, this information needs to be on the website! This is a critical decision and it's not listed on the website nor blog! Would an original investor that doesn't browse the forum often be wrong in feeling this information was hidden from them? Does it not feel like Hitch hikers guide to the galaxy when the information regarding the destruction of earth was openly posted on the galactic announcement bulletin board? 
EDIT2: If these 1-2 unnamed investors STILL want to buy 200BTC worth of Token regardless- give them the option to first MATCH the original exodus investors, with the exodus investors having a price advantage. So lets us original exodus investors have the option to first buy from you, and then these 1-2 unnamed persons can then match our additional funding at some adjusted price point. If there are really some large individuals out there willing to invest in the project so much, that's great (I would prefer true VC capital but that's besides the point) but these individuals should be entering on a basis that is fair to the original investors and balances the dilution. They can still come on board the project, but the original exodus investors need to have the option to be included. 
EDIT3: At least if you took Venture Capital the project would get the prestige of having raised funds from institutional investors. Raising money from 1-2 unnamed individuals will add nothing but skepticism about the intentions of the developers. Who are these people anyway? With VC's we at least know who they are? Especially if they have such power over the development team that a nearly-secret vote could come this far with not even a blog post. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:38:53
FUD. The address looks like it belongs to Stamp. The "Hacked Address" is premature. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 12:11:37
And my follow up: 
Quote from: ockinozo on Today at 03:34:30 am
Quote from: Crazy_rabbit on Today at 03:08:17 am
If you want an extra 200 BTC ask us *first*
Agree. This should be the way to go. I've also raised the vote token idea earlier, but it seems that the forum vote was deemed to be enough. I didn't vote because I don't like the wording of the options, especially the "project delay" parts. Feels like a threat, trying to induce the voters to choose the other options (with success, it seems)
Nowhere in the world can a company afford to dilute the stockholders without giving them the option to either increase their holdings at a preferential price or give them "rights to buy" that the original investors can sell if they don't want to participate. See my explanation here: 
Please keep in mind sjcx is not, never has been nor ever will be equity ownership in any company,  the plan always has been that the total coins will be sold that was the plan announced before, during and after the original crowdsale.  
my response:
Sure, that's fine. 
I take issue with the fact that we've moved what seems incredibly quickly to a vote proposal that seems final on the basis of forum voting alone. 
This vote is a significant change in the economics of the tokens that have already been distributed in the crowd sale, yet it has received virtually no publicity beyond that little link at the top. There is an email signup on the website to get latest updates and information about Storj, and we've gotten updates that only community  members or early "investors" (or whatever it is that we are now considered) normally get. 
No email has been sent to the community about this vote- why not? 
No notice about the vote was put on the reddit page- why not?
No mention on the website- why not?
No update on the blog- why not?
There isn't even a public announcement that Storj is actively considering accepting additional funding. Surely if you can get 2 individuals to put up 200BTC, you might be able to get 4 individuals to offer 400BTC, no? 
What is so special about these 2 people that this process has to be rushed through in what feels like near secrecy? Who are these people who want in so bad? Why do you want their money so badly as opposed to taking real Venture Capital funding? Which would be public, offer numerous business advantages, and great PR?
Why is it that a forum poll is being used to determine such an important issue? This is the absolutely least transparent way to hold a vote. You guys control the forum, there is no voting paper trail. I'm not suggesting any malfeasance in the least, but you said you wanted to be open and transparent with the community. Counterparty offers a clear way to offer a vote that is transparent, conclusive and free from sock-puppet accounts and manipulation. SWARM has proven that the counterparty voting system can be used to allow the community to vote in a clear, open and transparent manner. Another user has suggested this already yet it seems to have not been considered. Why not? It's a clearly superior system, accurate, accountable and entirely open. Why opt for those opaque close system?
Why don't you let the people who gave you the money in the first place get to vote with the exodus address they sent the money to in the first place? What is this deliberate effort to avoid transparency? 
So whats up Storj? Whats really going on here? If you need money- come to the people who first gave you the money, first. I'm sure with the way progress is going people would be more than happy to pitch in to keep the project going. And if you can't get enough from us, then go about asking for outside cash, but this is not the way to go about it. Something about this just doesn't smell right.
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:58:18
Because there is no evidence to the contrary at this point no reason to assume it's not there. It's still premature to say it's the hacked address. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 14:01:05
this is not a two factor auth situation. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 12:09:47
Nothing secret? There's nothing on the website, nothing on the blog, nothing sent out on email. What about early investors who don't browse the forum that often? They signed up on the email list to get updates, and this is a pretty big update, yet nothing. 
The vote is being run entirely on the forum? Why? It's an opaque and closed system. Counterparty offers a clear way to offer the community to vote- but they are not using it? 
Furthermore-  there are 2 nameless individuals who want to put 200BTC into the project. Who are they that have pushed this so hard and so fast? And why don't the original crowd sale investors have a chance to invest further in the company? The discussion has centered entirely around pushing just these two people. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:58:51
Sure but at the same time, they said there was a problem with their deposit addresses so maybe they just generated new ones and move the coins. Lets hope anyway. Still too early to call it though. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:07:33
Honestly- this is a good thing. In one month the exchanges are back, finally with the blessing of the government. This seems only positive. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:16:37
Good for them as well really, because they have to sell to withdraw, then the price goes down and they can rebuy for even lower at another exchange! Hahahahah. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:21:09
they have been saying that since $10. Never too late. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:23:28
Good man. 
@_date: 2019-04-22 13:23:10
Might be to creditors benefit considering they sold near the top. I hope they bought back at 3k. :)
@_date: 2018-07-02 01:17:36
What is a good resource to learn how to work with lightning? 
@_date: 2019-05-25 22:51:55
Cool! I want to try this!
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:51:20
It would be fantastic (I guess?) if the page actually loaded. But it doesn't so.....
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:45:38
Creep city. And I still don't believe it. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 13:17:24
Wow! This is an AWESOME idea. Please do it!  Maybe you can integrate with Kryptokit? The Chrome browser extension plugin that keeps bitcoins in your browser? 
@_date: 2013-11-07 12:56:12
Just kidding. :-) 
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:49:49
Really mediocre article, but hey, it's an article. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:43:30
It might just be GOX moving coins around. 