@_author: dennisnez
@_date: 2016-08-18 01:12:56
Distributed private storage space (Freenet already does public storage space well) -- I dunno, judging by how unwilling people are to pay for anything, I would guess that it's unlikely to succeed. How much are people expecting the space to cost? Cheap people like me will probably keep using their own homebrewed solutions. Bloated companies will probably keep using "official" overpriced storage solutions. I have a hard time seeing how this will fit anyone's needs.
@_date: 2014-01-06 14:47:55
We should not want to be accepted by governments (which are violent organizations, responsible for untold unjust suffering).
@_date: 2014-10-25 01:29:50
It can be referred to as Argumentation Ethics, or Universally Preferable Behavior, or simply logic. If you define ethics/morals as something universal, and if you start with some basic normative proposition like "we don't want to hurt innocent people", then the whole rest of ethics should fall nicely into place. And there is no rational / consistent / coherent / universalizable theory of ethics that I've heard of that would deem speech / thoughts to be immoral / evil.
You seem to be proposing that the alleged assassins are non-thinking robots that DPR programmed. (That's the only way you can say DPR's talking caused harm to occur.) They are not. They had free will, they chose to act on DPR's alleged speeches / ideas.
What ethics do you believe in?
@_date: 2014-01-06 14:21:40
That probably won't be as good as having essentially a mixer that spans the entire bitcoin network though?
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:46:33
Are you suggesting that malicious nodes cannot spoof their way into any location they want?
And as was mentioned earlier, you cannot really distinguish between "misbehaving" malicious nodes, and poor students going offline on trekking expeditions for a year. This is why Freenet doesn't really support guaranteed private storage -- not because it doesn't want to, but because there is no good way to manage this. So, it only keeps content that is popular/requested. (And how will the network guarantee the 1:4 ratio of possible-junk vs network-storage?)
I do wish there was more collaboration between the groups. I wish Freenet was written in C or C++ :p.
@_date: 2014-07-26 01:01:53
Yes. Or a distributed hash table (DHT), similar to how torrent magnet links work, or Freenet CHK keys, etc. It seems silly for every single node to have a complete snapshot of the entire p2p network. That's not very p2p.
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:08:36
They're doing assassinations all wrong. The reasons for the assassination have to be clear and have to have undergone some form of (online anonymous) trial. The reputation of the assassination organization is at stake.
@_date: 2014-10-25 23:26:53
I meant it's neutral from an ethical perspective. Having ideas cannot be ethically good or bad. Thought-crime is not a real crime. Making plots is speech, not unlike fictional stories. Transferring bitcoins is speech. Actions, like killing, however are not speech, and can be classified as right or wrong.
@_date: 2014-01-15 01:03:36
How is Freenet not an autonomous network, or one that the people don't control? What significant differences does this idea have?
@_date: 2014-10-24 17:34:39
Can't "sidechains" already exist with a clever transaction script? (Ie. have a script that cryptographically hands over keys to some other chain, be it a laundry or micropayment system or whatever, and then that other chain handles who gets what on reentry into the bitcoin-chain?)
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:00:47
My full node has recently started overloading my "older" server with disk IO ("uptime" values over 12, and I'm forced to shut it down.) I'd love to run the node, but I don't think I can any more! It needs to handle slower/limited machines better!
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:41:37
Why would DPR pay up? Was he given evidence of an exploit?
(By the way, either way, morally/ethically speaking, it's not illegal to pay for assassins. Only the assassin is legally culpable.)
@_date: 2014-01-15 12:38:11
1) Freenet-opennet is autonomous. The reason for the push to Freenet in darknet mode, I think, was to thwart the ability for malicious nodes to position themselves anywhere on the network. (I.e. to prevent them from cornering specific nodes, or from blacklisting the entire network.) How are these issues addressed with MaidSafe?
2) How is Freenet not "self-encrypting"?
3) Freenet already allows public gateway access to freesites, and I suppose it can also be configured to allow any other kind of access, public or user-based. I assume "from any device" implies there is a website/javascript based interface? (Since "every" device has a javascript enabled browser :s. (Not really.)) In which case, that would require trusting some (easily infiltrated) third party website. And promotes sloppy security practices -- now you have multiple potential exploit vectors, for each device.
I think, actually, the most significant difference is the supposed guarantee of personal data storage, (which Freenet can provide, but cannot guarantee), but I don't see how that can't be abused to simply flood the network with garbage data.
I am not so sure that it's a good thing to have so much competition in this space. Not many people would be willing to have Freenet *and* i2p-Tahoe *and* Maidsafe all on their machines, and there is protection in numbers.
@_date: 2014-10-24 18:28:55
You know what I meant -- if laws were ethical (and he didn't sign any contract accepting responsibility for the actual act).
Ethically speaking, "talking", or "asking others to do something" are not crimes. Killing someone is.
@_date: 2014-10-24 23:45:31
I know. Most people don't understand ethics. As I explained, and you seemed to ignore, "talking" cannot rationally/ethically be considered a crime (evil).
@_date: 2014-10-25 02:17:37
It's neutral -- like all speech is. Only actions can be considered (un)ethical. (And if the assassination bounty is against an evil person (against anyone who initiated violence against another innocent person), then it is indeed ethically justified.)
@_date: 2014-05-23 12:25:00
I'm pretty sure the database can be distributed, via some kind of DHT.
@_date: 2019-11-08 23:22:24


I said I don't believe in gods. Are you retarded?


What did I get wrong?


AGREED! (Yours.)


What the fuck am I denying. CAN YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN YOUR FUCKING ACCUSATIONS FOR FUCK'S SAKE?




Correct. But that doesn't mean it's not worth it. I am very happy my parents chose to give me this gift, of suffering and pleasure. You do too. So what the fuck is your point? Who is the victim?


I feel chronic pleasure and happiness. What the fuck are you talking about? Did you mean to say CONSTANT pleasure and happiness? That would make a lot more sense and be in line with your ridiculous strawmanning.


If you define morality as god-given rules, sure. If you define it coherently as universally preferable behavior, then you are wrong. Hurting innocent others cannot be universally preferable behavior.


Correct. Fortunately Molyneux never made such a dumbass strawman argument. Morality is not based on happiness. It's based on the definition of the word -- mainly that word "universally".






Then why the fuck were you quoting it? And it actually was a perfect quote of mine, except for that additional straw word. Dishonest fuck.


No you didn't. I wouldn't really call it an "assertion" either, I was just stating the rather obvious -- people freely choose whether to follow logic and evidence.


I know and agree. You're arguing with a strawman.


It's the first time I saw you do that. And everyone else uses quotation marks for quotations.
@_date: 2016-06-13 19:36:00
The question is /why/ can't I not pay for that service X?
@_date: 2016-06-15 10:12:20
I don't think you understand what "coercive" means, nor do you seem to understand how laws work (ie. by threats of deadly force, ultimately). Or, more likely, you do understand this, but are too ashamed to admit it, much like brighton36. Just because I might find parts of some service useful, would not excuse the fact that it's evil (if it's forcing people to do things against their will), nor is that at all relevant to those other services that I absolutely do not want, and absolutely will not use.
If I refused to go to prison, for refusing to pay for things I do not want, they'd shoot me. Or maybe they'd taser or sedate me with drugs, and keep me chained in a cage. The fact that THIS is argument for why I'm not being coerced, exposes how retarded or malicious you are. I guess a rape victim is also not being coerced, especially if the rapist has no weapon? She always had the option to fight back, to bite him, to struggle more, right? Usually they don't struggle. I guess they're consenting, right? Idiot.
Why is Rothbard an idiot/wrong?
How am I "free" to become a hermit?
My point about the negative impacts of state-schools (or any coercive monopoly) was precisely the fact that you have no fucking basis to conclude that they are a net positive, worthy of forcing everyone to pay into. Your retarded argument, similar to brighton36's, is basically, "things are the way they are, which are tautologically, by definition, the optimum they can be at this precise time." So, just like him, you put yourself in the awkward shameful corner of someone who would have supported slavery at the time, because, afterall, it was the product of an essentially "perfectly efficient market" -- it factored in all the costs of alternate methods of cotton picking, of guilty consciences, everything, right? ... Or, would you have had some balls and some principles and have stood up against the mainstream hordes and said it was morally wrong, and should end -- even though you'd be financially penalized, and perhaps physically hurt, as a result of moving against the market?
How do you figure the population in Afghanistan is more ignorant than the US population? (You mean Afghanis, and not the Taliban, 'cuz it would be retarded to compare a hyper-religious cult living in a general region, to the general region of the US -- if you really wanted to compare the Taliban, you would have had to choose a comperable religious cult in the US. And the Taliban-people do support coercive "state-"schools in the form of forced islamic schooling -- a perfect example why coercive schooling is so hideous.)
In the last paragraph, you wrote "your" instead of "you're". Ironic. I specifically didn't use the word "whom", even though I remember thinking about using it, but decided against it 'cuz it sounds retarded and pretentious, and I'm pretty sure the English language is changing to get rid of it.
@_date: 2019-11-08 14:14:12
You've repeatedly called him insane and incoherent, yet haven't provided a single example. I'm aware that he's confused about a few (very few) issues, and he openly admits this too, but the vast majority of his work is legit.
@_date: 2016-06-12 22:22:50
Bullshit. I'm not sure why so many people think that sociopathy is cool -- I guess the false sense of freedom (that they can do anything) is so alluring. You have plenty of inputs into your equations -- mainly the human ability to sense pain, and to empathize with other's pain -- not to mention the karmic reciprocity of one's actions (game theory).
I guess you also can't evaluate whether the Fugitive Slave Laws (during the time of more overt slavery) were moral? I guess you'd argue that, due to perfect market efficiency, that was precisely the ideal legal framework to optimize social and economic efficiency? Tough luck for the niggers at the wrong end of those laws?
EDIT: I think Molyneux did a great job of explaining morality, in secular rational terms. What do you think of his explanation? (Ie. his book Universally Preferable Behavior)
@_date: 2019-11-09 23:15:28


Are you retarded or malicious? Be honest. He definitely 100% is an anarcho-capitalist. I've been following him for years. Stop spreading misinformation you turd.


False. He has repeatedly explicitly stated he is not. Even on his most recent podcasts. Seriously, what is wrong with you?


Those people that the commies attacked were not fascists though, you fucking moron. The proud boys, for example, are not fascists. Gavin is basically an anarchist, or at least a libertarian, which is the exact opposite of fascism. Why are you entering into discussions when you are so misinformed?


Great, more death threats. Yet you claim to be so butt-hurt about other people's peaceful (but allegedly bigotted preferences). You're sooooo fucking stupid.


Yes to the latter, a bit. Not really to the former. Given the media's absurd and relentless baiting for a race-war, that is very predictable. Do you often criticize leftists and the media for doing this? Like that absurd and ridiculous situation with the Covington school kids?


Commie rats too? All statist rats, I hope? I'm on board with that actually. Show me a link where you support "dealing with" (killing/hurting) commies like Sanders and all the new blatantly socialist Democrats. Please.


Okay, got it -- you support killing people for their non-violent ideas and preferences. Noted.


I knoooooooow. Everyone who disagrees with you must die. OKAY!


I'm very confident I can. Usually morons like you who talk the loudest are the weakest. How old are you? How heavy? How often do you exercise?
@_date: 2016-06-13 23:32:32
I want to like you dude. I like your humor. You're smart. But your wilful ignorance on this issue is too frustrating. The reason you couldn't answer this last question is, again, because the second you openly admit "the violence inherent in the system" (Monty Python reference), more specifically, violence that you personally would support/perform, you'll be socially ridiculed, ostracized by decent people, exposed as an "evildoer"/"aggressor". Your mirror neurons, and empathy-neural-networks will torment you with guilt, as countless authors have warned. You would be embarrassed to show such behavior to your kids, or to your wife, or to anyone you care about. Statism only survives through euphemisms, and evasions.
@_date: 2016-06-13 20:17:29
Please brighton36, I do not want to pay for government schools, I hate government schools, I will not use government schools ... if you had the power, would you please allow me to not pay for government schools?
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:09:52


What did he change it to? Ie. how do you know he was trying to trick people? It would have helped if you provided the alternate username he used, or a reason why you think it was dishonest, instead of just asserting that it was. Awkward. And of all the possibly-valid reasons one might have to criticize the man, starting with this is really awkward.


Some reproductive fitness noise. Even here he's incoherent.
How is that incoherent?! As I suspected, you're nuts. And you just did it again, you just asserted that he's incoherent without explaining why. That tweet you quoted makes perfect sense. What am I missing?


It obviously doesn't, retard. Such an awkward and obvious strawman. His MAIN fucking raison-d'etre is to fight against the abuse of children, why the fuck would you assume that he's now supporting it? His only point was that having kids is a necessary but INSUFFICIENT requirement to continue a society. It was obviously meant to draw attention to our declining birthrates. Moron.


What the fuck is "market worship"? He's a truth and justice worshipper, which obviously includes allowing individuals to trade freely. Do you support violently preventing consenting adults from trading? Are you then a violence-worshipper? Moron.


Charlatan. Wow. I'm still waiting for a single valid reason to explain such a wild accusation. Perhaps you're projecting?


And again, more accusations without evidence, not even an explanation. He's just a liar, because you said so. You expect people to blindly listen to a reddit nobody, who doesn't even bother explaining anything?


That's one theory. Another theory is that lots of people actually thought about things and agree with him. Or are you the only one capable of thinking and coming to always-perfect conclusions -- everyone else is a sheeple. You're the only enlightened one.


Do you have any specific harm in mind? Or are you just generally scared, without knowing why?


Tying this back in to the original point: BTC can solve some of the problems related to banking and the abuse of government. It's a useful tool, and I encourage those who wish to support Molyneaux' bullshit to do so with BTC, and not cry about paypal.
Fair enough. But you are assuming way too much. Plenty of people aren't really crying about Paypal, so much as informing the public about what a piece of shit leftist shithole that company is.


Where do you see anyone up Molyneux's ass? This really does sound like projection dude.


He did solve the problem with his secular proof of ethics. And his very valuable books on relationships. Whether people choose to understand that solution is a different matter. Or do you think his ideas are logically flawed? In which case, why the fuck didn't you start with that, instead of fucking youtube usernames?


THEM, eh. The problem is obviously THEM and OTHERS. Definitely not you ;).
@_date: 2019-11-09 15:37:03
They literally deplatformed him because they think he's a fascist scumbag, and leftists literally do beat people almost to death (bike locks to heads, unprovoked antifa attacks on old men, gang-assaults against Proud Boys, etc)
@_date: 2016-06-13 18:19:25
Fair enough. Forget the entire concept of "ethics" and normative behavior then -- if I pleaded to you in the aforementioned way, how would you respond? Would you empathize with my plight? And, if you had the ability, would you rectify it?
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:18:10
I'm pretty sure you're being dishonest. I say this, because whenever I try to get your particular ethical opinion, you evade/difuse/obfuscate responsibility onto some nebulous state entity. This can only be due to an inherent shame and non-acceptance of your position, I think? To clarify, if I were to tell you "please brighton36, I do not want to pay for service X, I hate service X, I will not use service X (let's call service X government-schools)" ... you are okay with forcing me at gunpoint to pay for it anyways?
@_date: 2019-11-10 00:46:47


Oh now I'm a fascist too? Looool. I'm actually also an anarcho-capitalist. You are so lost and confused. Do you feel stupid now for mislabeling me? Because you seem to be keen on physically initiating violence against fascists, and by mislabeling me you would have hurt an innocent person, the wrong guy. Oh boy you must really be embarrassed now for such a royal fuckup. I'll accept your apology if it's sincere.




So you support Ross's double-lifetime sentence for being an anti-state libertarian?


You mean the resources it has violently stolen from unwilling people. Do you support violently stealing from your neighbours?


Well, not so much the humanity that was violently stolen and imprisoned. You mean the humanity that benefits from the stolen blood-soaked loot. You need to be careful when you write.


Only retards like you see it as that. Ancaps, most of the og bitcoiners, libertarians, millions of people who can actually think coherently do not see it this way. You're living in a bubble dude.


Just like a thief benefits from his theft. The person being stolen does not benefit.




Like, people should become more civil and not use brutal violence to steal from others and to not violently force their way on others, right?


You're aware of the (probably largely fictional) story of Hitler right, how he famously used language like that? Ie. are you aware of how similar you sound to the boogy-man fascist in our history books?


What is "value-form"?


How do you "do away" with wages? What if me and my employer agree to some contract where we trade my labor for bitcoins -- are you going to imprison or kill us?


So I can take your laptop? Or move in to your house?


So ever laptop will have different custom cpus? Not commodity wafers?


You have no problem with violently forcing everyone to pay for shitty government-monopoly services, like mail delivery, schools, hospitals and welfare? And I thought you were against money (wage labor), why not just force teachers and doctors to work for free at gunpoint? That's much more direct and efficient.


Kill capitalists? Why not just divorce, you commies can have a few states, and let us ancaps have one, like New Hampshire (the Free State Project). We can let you use our services, in exchange for bitcoin, or maybe out of charity if we feel like it, and y'all need it.


Hm, I guess the woods are better than Somalia. Why do you use the euphemism "being taxed" instead of the more accurate "violently forced at gunpoint to pay for things I don't want or need"?


You're aware the current governments collude in a planet-wide cartel, where every inch of land is illegitimately claimed by them, right? Liberlanders are learning this the hard way -- even with so-called abandoned land that no country officially claims, they were not allowed to create their own community.
@_date: 2019-11-09 17:13:20


He's literally not. He's an anarcho-capitalist you dishonest fuck. He painstakingly avoids supporting white nationalists -- he has never bothered to give people like Spencer or Gariepy a platform -- even though relative to current statism, their nationalist-statisms are relatively benign. Richard Spencer's version of statism is far more moral than the current US Democrats or Republicans.


The attacks I mentioned were initiations of violence by the left. Are you fucking retarded, or just a malicious dishonest fuck?


Why are you only pointing out the rare few alleged right-wing terrorists, while awkwardly avoiding the mountain of left-wing terrorists? And clearly Molyneux had no influence on him, since Molyneux is against the initiation of violence, you stupid fuck.


I appreciate your honesty. You evil fuck. So you support murdering non-lefties. Gotcha.
@_date: 2016-06-13 09:52:26
You still don't seem to be aware of your hypocrisy. You in fact do not think it's "okay" to force people to do things against their will -- eg. slavery -- you would not support that. But you do, sometimes, in painfully awkward ways, pretend to support governments, which brutally force people to do things against their will (or prevent people from doing victimless activities). Thus, you are irrational/nonsensical, in this area.
@_date: 2016-06-13 19:31:07
You didn't answer my question. I'll take that as an answer in itself -- you cannot stand by your convictions, because they are hypocritical or shameful.
@_date: 2019-11-09 23:54:49


Yes. I've been on the internet for decades, I have noticed patterns. I feel bad for picking on you, you're clearly young or dumb, but you're spreading dangerous misinformation. You need to be shamed.


Are Paypal and the mainstream media and all the other commies "crying and moaning" about non-lefties too then? Or when lefties do it it's different? 99.9% of media these days is lefties bitching about some rising threat on the right. Heck, you just did it in the last post. But I guess you weren't "crying and moaning" about it.


Yea, I guess you can say that, except not by you, but by the machinery of the state. It's a nasty evil huge killing machine. I see what it did to Ross Ulbricht.


That's just a synonym to try to trick idiots like you. Obviously there are degrees of state violence, but he is well along the path to communism. He supports violently stealing money and "redistributing it fairly" like commies do. He supports state-control of countless industries. (Kinda sounds fascist actually.) He would love everyone to be making roughly the same amount of money, by force. He supports government price fixing.
@_date: 2016-06-15 19:53:05
You didn't know that laws are "opinions backed by guns" with the threat of death ultimately (if you resist enough)?
You didn't know that murdering innocent babies, for example, is "evil"? Do you suppose it's simply your subjective opinion, and other cultures who might do this should be allowed to continue doing this?
Is it a "weird binary" to say that killing innocent babies, after torturing them, is "absolutely bad/unacceptable"? Is that too black-and-white for you? Too utopian or restrictive? Is being "absolutely against violent rape" also a weird binary? Is forcing my neighbour to use linux, with threats of kidnapping or death, because I'm sure it's the best operating system, acceptable? Would you tolerate that coercion? Or only coercion that 51% of the population supports? Would you have supported slavery a hundred years ago? Why did you ignore that question in my last response?
Norway has prisons -- I'm not sure what you're talking about. They might look a bit different, they might have cozy comfortable islands, and shorter sentences, but criminals are still forced to go there against their will. What is hilarious about the idea that every law is backed by the threat of going to prison, or assault/death if you resist?
As I suspected, you are absolutely fucking clueless about anarcho-capitalism (ie. Rothbard), you have no fucking clue about the arguments, and the fact that you pretended to know, and called him an idiot, shows your dishonesty and disinterest. You are not qualified to have this discussion.
I'm not sure what you meant by the bit about grammar -- grammar is for idiots? Your grammar and spelling is flawed, I think it's worse than mine. You might be happy at the bottom of the barrel, and you clearly belong there in your ignorant support of evil (ie. violence/aggression) -- I would never hang out there with you -- that's disgusting.
@_date: 2019-11-08 14:18:54
Disgusting dishonest media hitpiece. Molyneux isn't even right-wing, he's an anarcho-capitalist. (Ie. on probably every social policy issue, he's more left than the commies (he's for drug legalization, against abortion legislation, for free speech (no matter how obscene) against the military-media-industrial-complex, etc... and he's more small-gov than the tea party, pro-gun-rights)
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:14:33
So then why did you glibly say you would force me do things against my will (eg. pay for services that I do not want)? What would you force me, at gunpoint, to pay for?
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:09:54
You contradict yourself. You claimed that slavery was repugnant, and that abolition was "noble" -- how were you able to "objectively accommodate" that view?
(I am aware of Molyneux's cultishness. (He banned/blocked me a few times.) I'm also aware of the validity of many of his arguments -- especially about morality. Your ad-hominem attacks expose your ignorance. "Crazy" and "cultist" are not (counter-)arguments. If he's wrong about ethics, please explain how.)
@_date: 2016-06-14 19:57:11
So, correct me if I'm wrong, your argument is that I'm retarded if I don't want to pay into coercive monopoly institutions (because overall they minimize my risk, and only a retard would prefer riskier things), and so you'll force me at gunpoint to continue paying for such systems, for my own good? I'm too stupid to decide for myself? You care for me so much, and you are so much smarter than Rothbard and other economists who disagree with you, that you simply can't allow me to make the wrong financial decision?
Also, have you considered the negative externalities that coercive government education, for example, has produced? What is the cost of producing a majority of students who have almost zero critical thinking skills, almost no ambition to pursue learning (the passion was driven out of them), most of who have been traumatized and are full of resentment and anger at their mistreatment? What is the cost of an ignorant violent population, that such an education system probably produces? I believe it can be argued, at least, that overall, public education is a net negative on society.
@_date: 2019-11-08 22:48:38


I literally addressed almost every single one of your points, painstakingly. Which point did I not address? Again, your dumbass habit is to simply accuse people of doing things, with no shred of evidence.


No, you just quoted him once, but mostly slandered him with zero reasoning or evidence. For example, that quote you linked to about the necessity to have kids to perpetuate society -- you stupidly just asserted that it was an "incoherent idea". You didn't explain why -- probably because you can't. You just want other people to believe your conclusions.


In terms of genes and offpsring no. That was Molyneux's only point. Do you really think that Molyneux meant that childless mechanics don't help society in less direct ways? As usual, your accusations of strawmanning are projections.


Yes (no shit) to the first part of that sentence, no to the second. Molyneux is very much against "the non-cognitive path of slaughter" that it's been on / is on.


Molyneux is against the state. There is no contradiction.


"Racism" doesn't mean anything these days. Ann Coulter is certainly not "racist" in any meaningful way. Do you think there are differences among races?


Why the fuck are you bringing Peterson into this? Awkward.


Good thing we have ubermen such as yourself who are woke and immune to such issues. And are you sure you aren't exaggerrating a bit when you say that I can't think critically about ANYTHING on the subject? Surely I got a few things correct? 2%?


Then Molyneux definitely is not a market worshipper. Do you even follow him? He has repeatedly said, countless times, that the individual is the only real thing, that society/the state (and the market, which is just a society of traders) are abstractions. Sounds like you owe him an apology. Let me know how that goes.


Molyneux is gainst suffering pain and death. Nevertheless, when people do bad things, they will suffer pain, maybe even die. He certainly doesn't use God to rationalize it -- dude, what the fuck are you smoking? And if "anthropodicy" is your dumbass way of saying that people who do bad things deserve bad things to happen to them -- then I'm not sure what your point is. Do you not agree that shitty people should be punished? (In the marketplace, that would mean them making less money.)


Dishonest fuck. He wrote an entire fucking book clearly explaining what can and can't be justified.


As an anarcho-capitalist, he is against borders. HOWEVER, given that borders currently exist, and the only reason criminals cross it is to steal taxpayer resources, it is very easy to understand why someone would be in favor of currently enforcing borders. Ie. allowing criminals to come into a country to steal from taxpayers is roughly as evil as preventing them from crossing a border. I bet you didn't spend any time bitching about those "kids" (you really mean their adult criminal parents), about how they're evil statists stealing taxpayer money, did you? Hypocritical fuck.


Molyneux does not support raping anyone in churches. Moron.


What has he omitted? He has explained the border issue (both sides of the argument) before. Just because you're ommitting his full position, doesn't mean anything. Projection.


Ditto. More projection.


I don't believe in any god.


I said Paypal was leftist, dumbass. They've been censoring non-leftists for a while. Always non-leftists.


I have no idea who you're directing that comment to. Nevertheless, do you not think evolution is legit? And what is the difference between someone who accepts evolution, and someone who "worships" it? Does Dawkins "worship" it, or has he looked at the overwhelming evidence and rationally come to a conclusion thereby?


I read his book, I didn't find any mistakes in his logic. Again, if you want to be taken seriously, you really need to stop simply asserting things, and try to provide a bit of thinking.


By agreeing to the rules of logic and evidence, no matter where they might lead. Most people are not willing to do that ... most people have certain conclusions, and are perfectly happy to ignore logic and evidence if it contradicts them.


You can choose to TRY to understand that, and as you try, you'll quickly realize it's logically impossible. The decision whether to submit to rationality is arbitrary, but rationality itself is not.


You dishonestly added the word "believe" in that quote. You misquoted me, thus ironically proving your own point about dishonest inquiry - ie. starting with a conclusion, and then cherry picking or inventing points to jump to it. More projection.


You're against people reproducing? Everyone? Or just natural births?


Molyneux raised a happy delightful moral girl. How is he continuing this process [of suffering] ?!


No you're not.


No, our consciousnesses are clearly very opposed to one another.


How is that false? Ie. how is identifying with our values/beliefs (contents of our consciousnesses) false? What else are we besides our ideas and values?


Are you referring to having kids again? Is that "the process" you're referring to again? If so, he gives plenty of rational reasons why having kids is beneficial, not simply because it feels good. You really don't seem to know much about Molyneux.
@_date: 2016-06-12 14:48:56
Chris/Junseth, when one is forced to do things against one's will -- is that not wrong / immoral -- are they not victims?
@_date: 2015-07-29 09:24:22
Last time I checked, it didn't support even basic features like quoting (lines beginning with "&gt; "). Has this changed?
@_date: 2012-01-02 05:34:19
What does the state of other software/chrome have to do with anything in this thread? I believe that's the strawman being referred to. (Also, a quick browse between the two lists shows most of crap Flash exploits to be of HIGH severity, while most of chrome's to be MEDIUM... not that the comparison is relevant at all.)
Black-box closed-source software is crap. /me spits out dirty aftertaste from talking about dirty Flash, and moves on with life.
@_date: 2012-07-21 12:33:18
I'm never sure whether such people are trolling, or sincere. OP, please clarify.
@_date: 2011-09-20 12:35:17
Are you by any chance manually deleting the database/log.* files? :p (That would do it.)
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:11:05
The site crashes my computer. I believe this is the first website that has managed to achieve that. Well done. (Does it fill more than 1G of your browser memory too? (Or is it a bug in my webkit browser)).
EDIT: upgrading my webkit-gtk seems to have resolved the memory-crashing issue. I still have javascript though, and it still uses way too much of my 1.6ghz cpu. (Just to display text and pictures :s.)
@_date: 2013-08-17 11:08:47
Again, you can't use the same term to refer to something that is voluntary, and something that is involuntarily violently imposed on someone. Anyone who is okay with forcing their neighbours to do things against their will ... should die.
@_date: 2013-10-03 13:02:54
I'm not sure what your point here is. The monsters have DPR at the moment. We should just let that happen?
@_date: 2013-08-18 11:23:43
"Again" referred to ghstinthmchne's post (to which you responded), about the voluntariness (opt-in-ness) of taxation, which I don't think you understood. Your post made it sound like taxes could be, or were voluntary. And even if they were (I'm pretty sure they weren't), they should be given a different word. Just like rape and love-making are technically the same thing, except for that one little issue of voluntariness.