@_author: depthsoftordor
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:18:47
He gets access to large amounts of capital, and privileged information/research now, in addition to understanding the markets so he gets to continue making strong returns. 
However, one reason Buffet's strategy was so successful for him from the 70s-00s and doesn't produce the same returns it did back then now, is that picking strong and undervalued companies in various industries that were bound to grow grew leaps and bounds coming off the gold standard, and then during globalization.
He still invests the same way he did then. Analyzes balances sheet, talks to and analyzes the team, and then invests in strong companies that will be around for a long time. That doesn't mean he knows more than every one of us about growth areas in technology--unlike 70s-00s where almost everything grew significantly, now only some industries grow at that rate, or the rare upstart, and he doesn't invest in those. His first major investment in technology was IBM ... The next was Apple, and he just opened that position a year or two ago. He would absolutely invest in crypto in the future once it was running on strong fundamentals rather than hype, that's just how he invests. 
I know part of it is that the amount of capital makes it harder to make large returns because they have to focus on mid-cap and large-cap companies, but the above I think is true too.
That said, I'm bullish on the technology backing cryptocurrencies, but I'm not bullish on cryptos being appreciating assets, or hype like bitcoin will be $1million per, so I'll agree with him to some degree.
@_date: 2017-12-23 05:51:45
I believe in bitcoin, but I'll provide a counter argument to your point anyway. 
Cryptocurrency being the future does not necessarily mean Bitcoin is the future. 
Computers? Where are Altair, and Xerox computers? 
Internet? We're not connecting with AOL, and browsing with Netscape , we're not social networking on theglobe.com, we're not searching on altavista, not creating webpages on geocities, etc... 
Cars had false starts too. 
Anyway, it doesn't mean Bitcoin will be like one of the duds from the early days of all of those, rather than one of the successes and you could point to many reasons why, but the reason shouldn't be "it's a technological advance, and most major technological advances end up being adopted". The core concepts behind blockchain, and cryptocurrencies are comparable to computers, internet, email etc... Bitcoin is just an implementation.
