@_author: depthperfection
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:15:11
The problem with comparing this to the prisoners dilemma is that the prisoners dilemma involves a binary choice: defect or cooperate. EDIT: The same holds true for your edited explanation of mining strategy/incentives.
In this case, there is definitely an incentive for large/consolidated miners to defect in small degrees hoping to get away with it without drawing attention and crashing the value of Bitcoin. Such rationale (and greed) will feed ever-growing amounts of risky (and fraudulent) behavior, eventually leading to unintended collapse. Even without significant incentive, the very real possibility of this happening is definitely worrisome.
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:09:24
Are you willing to bet the future of Bitcoin (including any coins you may be holding) on these assumptions of miners' incentives?
You mention all the time and money that has been invested in hardware and gaining users in the pools, but in a cost/benefit analysis, that would all be referred to as a "sunk cost" - it has been spent, and nothing will change that. Future profitability is only concerned with future inflows/outflows of money. The trouble is, experience shows that as time goes on, people are far more concerned with short-term profitability than long-term profitability/safety.
In the context of mining pools, that translates into taking small (at first) long-term risks in order to increase short-term profits. Those small profits will undoubtedly justify greater risk-taking, snowballing into a major issue before anyone has realized what happened.
As you say, there is some transparency on the network, but at the same time, there's deniability, and according to some, abuses in the form of double-spends by powerful miners have already happened. It's just not 100% provable, so we all go on and pretend it's just a fluke... until it's too late. Even if it were provable that the large miners were committing fraud, there'd be little recourse without enough competing mining power.
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:17:36
I have no doubt there are some brilliant minds working on solutions to this. I also have no doubt there are many brilliant minds working to break this.
Unfortunately, the value of Bitcoin (in mining power and trade value against other currencies) has grown far faster in recent months than the strength of the team of core Bitcoin developers (no disrespect to them - they seem like very capable people) such that the short-term value of the reward for breaking Bitcoin in this way may be greater than the reward for those seeking to patch the system against such attacks. It's a dangerous situation.
I don't buy the argument of motivation. What motivation does a person have for walking into a bank with a gun if it's entirely likely that they'll get caught and spend time in jail? Any rational person would only obtain money the "safe" way - by working honestly for it, right? Why would you jeopardize years of potential honest income by trying a stunt that may only yield a small amount of cash? But people do. All the time.
If P2pool was/is a solution, then why does it (according to blockchain.info) only account for 1% of the hashrate? If there's a different/better solution in the works, what is it??? Please tell me! I've asked this question in various forums, and I keep getting the same type of BS answer: "this is not really an issue because... it just isn't... and because no one would want to." Why is there so much pushback (or blindness)??
@_date: 2014-05-04 03:41:18
We should only be using something like B notation for denominations smaller than BTC. It's just e notation with an implied minus sign:
0.001 BTC = 1 XB3 (just think, 3 decimal places)
0.000001 BTC = 1 XB6 (obviously)
0.00000008 BTC = 1 XB8
1 BTC = 1 XB0
See that? 3 characters. Any fraction of bitcoin you want. Plus, if value ever goes crazy, it could go beyond satoshis without a problem (1 XB9 = 0.000000001 BTC).
Use any number of decimal places that makes most sense. You people are just making the already confusing (to the average non-tech person) concept of bitcoin harder to grasp by trying to make "bits" (or whatever cute name it is today) happen.
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:29:49
This was brought up a few months ago on the Bitcoin development forum:
There was some interest and some effort made to promote p2pool more widely, but in the end, here's the problem:
Every pool (including p2pool) needs to assign "shares" in order to divvy up pool earnings among those who contributed (but didn't necessarily "win"). These shares are based on solving *the same proof of work* problem as the main Bitcoin blockchain, only the difficulty is easier. It's easier so that everyone contributing significant mining power can use proof of work, not necessarily to prove they've solved the next block, but to prove that they're *trying* to solve the next block (and should receive a share of earnings when a participant does solve the block).
The trouble is, there will always be a huge variation in the mining power contributed by small interests (e.g. someone mining on a common personal computer/CPU) vs larger interests (people mining with *datacenters* full of ASICs). As a pool operator (including p2pool's developers in the way they configure the algorithm), you have to make an arbitrary decision for the difficulty required to earn a share. If you set that difficulty too low, the pool will be "spammed" (or DDoS'd) with so many shares that it will effectively cripple the pool network - you'll have large miners solving/claiming hundreds of millions of shares every second - just so the insignificant CPU miner can have his tiny share - requiring more bandwidth and/or processing power than the network can handle. If the difficulty is too high, then the small miners won't be able to get any shares, so they essentially won't have any incentive to use the pool (or possibly even mine at all).
The crux of the problem is that no matter where you set that difficulty for the pool, you are either going to bring down the network or force out miners at the bottom. But why are small mining interests important? The lowly CPU miner really isn't contributing anything significant, just as someone with a single ASIC isn't very significant. But if we could see the distribution of hashing power over individual mining interests (not pools, but actual independent interests/parties), we'd see that all the small interests do add up to a significant portion of Bitcoin's hashing power, so we really don't want to deprive them of the incentive (shares) to participate. They are helping to keep Bitcoin decentralized.
I wish there was a silver bullet solution, but I don't think there is - at least not in the context of Bitcoin as we know it. I personally feel that the core Bitcoin devs have some idea for how serious the problem is, but even with all the intelligent people working on it, no real solution has been found.
For that reason, I'm not sure Bitcoin will survive (long term). I believe in the idea of Bitcoin, and I truly hope someone finds a solution, but I haven't seen it yet. Unless we find something soon, I really think the Bitcoin network is going to implode as pools like GHash inevitably start abusing their power - secretly or publicly. It might not be tomorrow or this year, but it *will* happen in time unless a real solution is found.
Such a solution may require something along the lines of "proof of interest" or "proof of identity", which probably isn't feasible while maintaining the semi-anonymous and decentralized nature of Bitcoin. You need something like proof of interest because at the end of the day, p2pool or GHash (or any other pool) may have a secret (private or colluded) interest controlling a majority of its hashing power. Either that, or find a way to incentivize *all* miners - big and small - in a fair way that is both automatic and built-in to the protocol (while using sustainable amounts of resource overhead).
TLDR: p2pool is certainly better than privately-controlled pools, but it ultimately suffers the same problem as any other pool: you can't effectively reward every mining interest that contributes, and enforcing something like p2pool arbitrarily cuts out / disincentivizes many of the small (but necessary) mining interests.
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:27:56
Your pool can certainly assign shares however it wants (there are a ton of different algorithms used for this depending on the pool) making your effective difficulty vary, but at the end of the day, on a large scale the problem remains: a pool cannot reduce variance with 100% efficiency for every miner.
In other words, I would love for you to show me the pool that lets someone mine with 1 khash/sec and be rewarded (albeit however small) with expected value and low variance while also allowing for the biggest mining interests to also receive their expected value with low variance. Show me the pool that does this *without* requiring registration (which kind of defeats the purpose of decentralization if built in to a protocol).
Any "ramping" your pool does is simply an arbitrary rule built on top to try and alleviate the effects of the problem; it still does not solve the problem.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:51:35
I'm not sure that would work given the way mining/proof of work is currently implemented.
The difficulty is really just a lower bound on the "score" of your hash. To solve a block on the Bitcoin blockchain, you need to find a nonce (a random number) that hashes (combined with transactions and the parent block hash) to something with many leading zeros, and the number of leading zeros (which cannot be predicted) is essentially the "score" or "difficulty" that you solved for.
If your mining rig is pumping out many billions of hashes per second, a certain percentage will have a score of 1, 2, 3, etc. with a decreasing number of hashes with higher scores (since they are much less probable). So if you find "too many shares" as you say, you still have an incentive to broadcast to the pool *every* hash you found with a score that meets the minimum pool share requirement (regardless of the actual hash "score").
So, it's not really a matter of being able to choose your own difficulty as a miner. Instead, you can only control the number of hashes you're trying, and only a certain percentage will qualify for the difficulty in question.
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:31:13
I think it's a given in the context of this thread (the idea of requiring something like p2pool as part of the protocol) that registration with a central authority would *not* be acceptable. If you want something that requires registration, go ahead, but you're no longer talking about Bitcoin and I'm no longer interested.
Mind sharing which pool you're using that guarantees full expected value, low variance, and difficulty adjusted to even the lowest-power of miners? Are you really proposing that such a pool (if it exists) could be scaled in a decentralized way for the whole network, or were you just arguing something that's irrelevant to the conversation? If you have somehow managed to solve this, please share some details.
@_date: 2014-05-04 03:30:09
How many times does this discussion have to come back to cute/pointless nicknames like "bits"? Use B notation (similar to e notation) and avoid confusion once and for all.
1 XB3 = 0.001 BTC (mBTC)
1 XB6 = 0.000001 BTC (uBTC)
1 XB8 = 0.00000008 BTC (satoshi)
1 XB0 = 1 BTC
In common practice, one of these will become common (for a while anyway) - most likely XB3, and if value changes significantly, we can easily move to another denomination without any confusion.
Use whatever number of decimals makes most sense, and represent it all with only 3 characters. Easy if you ask me.
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:44:46
It's basically just E (scientific) notation and removing the negative sign for simplicity (for the few people who deal in large numbers of digits to the left of the BTC decimal point, I think they'll be perfectly content to use BTC / B0 units).
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:48:30
Link describing the "X" for ISO compliance? Does ISO compliance in this sort of thing even matter (at the cost of a somewhat meaningless character in a currency label)?
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:43:08
Go B3! (aka mBTC)
Of course, we could all just start using B-notation and avoid all the confusion around nicknaming mBTC and uBTC since they're kind of a mouthful to say... not to mention the confusion over the µ vs u characters once we start moving toward B6 for common use....
@_date: 2013-12-04 08:28:02
If you start with B0 (or XB0) being satoshis and counting from there, then what will you do when even satoshis need to be divisible (the protocol and software can apparently be adjusted quite easily for that)? XB-1? What's so magical about the 8th decimal place anyway? I find it much more intuitive to just count from B0 = BTC, B3 = mBTC, B8 = satoshi, etc. No arbitrary limits!
As for the "X"... who needs it? Doesn't BTC itself fly in the face of governments and organizations of control? ISO compliance for a crypto-currency that is built to defy regulatory bodies? Why should we care about ISO compliance for this sort of thing (honest question)?
@_date: 2013-11-29 01:13:25


@_date: 2013-12-04 02:49:19
I'm holding out for the more sensible switch to B3 (B-notation) as the label for these things...
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:30:51
Glad people are making a switch to B3. With some luck, we'll be switching to B6 soon!
"B-notation" FTW!
@_date: 2013-12-04 06:26:09
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:59:59
In the case of the Bx form, I think you would just call it "B3" or "B6" (or whichever number of decimals you prefer). As in, "you owe me 20 bee-three", or "that dude was an early-adopter and managed to get a hold on some bee-zero". I suppose you could pluralize it ("B3s"), but I don't see any reason it needs to be pluralized in common speech - we say things like "100 grand" or "20 quid" all the time (both in the singular form). Plus, the letter+number can easily be translated to most native languages without running the risk of the nicknames having unintended meanings in other languages.
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:34:59
If you're going to mess with the decimal place, why not just use a variant of E notation as discussed here:
@_date: 2013-12-04 06:33:27
A split isn't going to happen as has been pointed out.
Use "B3", people. It's not hard. B-notation easily works for any level of decimals (B6, B9, whatever). It's easily translated (no "cute" nicknames that don't work well internationally), it's shorter than the 4-character alternatives (mBTC, uBTC), and there's no confusion for the metrically-challenged (or symbolically-challenged with that whole u/µ sign thing). 
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:53:38
C'mon people! B-notation is where it's at! Or just go ahead and keep pushing for a 4-character currency label instead of switching to something simple and consistent like B3 or B6 (or B0 if you're rollin' in 'coin, you rich snobs).
@_date: 2013-11-29 02:03:04
My proposal relevant to this whole debate:
