@_author: derdj
@_date: 2017-12-10 07:24:10
i know the drill i was hosting quake server in the past with about 4 server each 30 player everything was fine but when it went up to 200 server it was like ... another level. and you either adapt or you die and i managed to stay ahead of the game but i also try to imagine ... what if the number of customer are growing faster then i can keep up there is a tipping point somewhere. and i suspect they dont use multiple server yet. this kraken guy mentioned a new trading engine. one can just  hope its one that supports multiple server sharing the payload so scalability would be easyer by just throwing more hardware at it.
on the other hand handling 10000 trading commands a second shouldnt be a problem with 40 mhz 486 dx2 and 2 mb chipram i would even go as far as to solve that with an amiga not using packet radio but im wondering how much delays are stuck in between varification processes
@_date: 2017-12-10 06:41:05
i am sitting in front of a 520 error like most if not all of you and we are all raging of course and im not a big fan of the situation since the biggest lost moneywise were caused by the inability to simply sell at a given moment. often it takes about 60 minutes and 250-300 atempts to place one order so this one order is set. sometimes even after 3 hours of trying every 20 seconds there is no other option than to give up.
that beeing said i understand how a server can run into problems with a growing user acces and i cant imagine kraken beeing happy about it either after all they earn from users every transation brings a little fee so they have no motivation to drive their own user base away its in their own interest to make it work and for the moment i belive in enough self interest so that their primary goal is to fix the problems and get it all working. they surly have their work cut out for them the user base isnt shrinking. 
lets hope they can get their server into a working status so we all can be happy :)
just some thoughts i kinda like the cryptowatch interface but i also like the tradingview interface. i guess its what you are used to but you (kraken) should concider a optional usage of tradingviews interface as well. 
and to the kraken guy who is reading this .. stop reading you are supposed to work on your server problem :D