@_author: dereklitz
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:36:10
This guy is right.  Even internet security is trust based, it's just harder to understand that it is this way.
@_date: 2013-11-20 03:01:00
It's NOTHING like the wild west.  It's a bunch of wild idiots with nothing better to do with their education then rip off another set of idiots.  Why don't you try producing some real value and service for your comrades in the world!
With bitcoin people who already have money invest money and make money off of the rest who buy from them.  Right now it's a bit of ponzi scheme, and it will simply be a "collectors" item in the future that no one wants to spend because they will hoarde it and cash out when the time is right for their own lives.  Not spend it as a currency for necessities.
Not to mention current institutions WILL NOT be displaced, and if they are threatened, they will act.
With the wild west, true wild men, competed with each other and killed each other for the opportunity to mine wealth.  Not to mention geographical concerns, localized price inflation (so wealth was naturally dispersed to all those who participated as a society to mine the gold), and the fact gold has true value in the real world that you can defend with your life, and cannot be taken away by the flick of a switch.
@_date: 2013-11-22 11:27:37


Yeah, ruined it and made the masses dumber then before through less efficient information share then books and face to face communication. It also makes people easy targets for mass marketing and scams?  I've never read a book with an advertisement making the material harder to get through.   Hell, newspapers don't even stoop to this level. Only the brightest are truly benefiting from the internet right now.
So yes, it is like the internet in that the brightest people are benefiting from bitcoin while the uneducated people are getting scammed.  And some of the brightest are doing this purely for self-interest investment in hopes they can cash out for fiat currency.  This is still an overall negative output for society IMHO.
Who is going to accept bitcoin once it stops gaining in value and it's just a relatively stable commodity?
I'd rather have the place of business pay credit card fees because they are providing a valuable service with built in consumer protections.  If you can make a better system then the CC system, make that, don't make bitcoin.
Paying fees for valuable services creates economy and jobs, it is the opposite of evil.
Hoarding money as bitcoins doesn't create anything.
Sure, the end result of this bitcoin social experiment may end up being good for everyone, perhaps in a different form, but currently it is hyped and over inflated.  It is a dangerous investment only to be used as a last resort in areas of desperation in undeveloped or unstable areas, and there are better and safer alternatives for most people in developed countries.
What's really plaguing us is stuff like this:
And while this is the extreme version, it's going on right now across the board from what I've seen.  Everyone is suffering because of this behavior from those who are in leadership positions with the power to influence others who seek to control instead of to enable.
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:47:44


Exactly like that.  Perhaps I am beginning to see if we free up our high IQ software developers from the burden of typical business to create social change, this may actually make a difference in the commonwealth.
So, perhaps I do not like the lack of consumer protection, or the marketing hype, but I am now beginning to see the potential for independence for an important niche of society that could actually make a difference.
The problem is big corps and big government are BIG, and I  would hate to see those who are striving to make a difference be hurt the most by a lash-back, or a sudden drop ins market price.
Is this risk worth it?  Why not just stick to the normal currency for now?  Is it really that bad if all you want to do is start a company making a difference in the world?
That being said, I may wager a small amount of $$ and opt-in to pay a portion of salary in bitcoins to support the system and mitigate the risks.
Maybe this is a small part of the solution to the problems we face today.
You guys have managed to peak my interest a bit more, time to read up more on how to do this without getting burnt.
Addendum: There is a HUGE negative though,
With any system that can create great good, there exists the chance for great evil and that seems to be the current state of bitcoin.  The bitcoin community really needs to fix the obvious problems with the system, to make it almost impossible to do any harm.  Remember you want a system BETTER then our current fiat system, and don't pass the burden onto the people who sit in positions to produce the most value for our society and don't let the laymen waste their life savings and strive to NOT support illicit activity.
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:15:59
I believe a virtual currency can be more efficient then our current system, but I firmly believe bitcoin as a currency is a scam to benefit the initial investors.
It won't be a huge game changer, just another internet nicety that does what we already do, but good bit better.  All these things will add up to make a better place, but just this one is minor (on a relative scale compared to our big problems).  I really hardly ever exchange currencies or worry about other currencies.  I live by getting a paycheck in US dollars and buy food and shelter and transportation and a bit of fun.
If we wanted to invent a good virtual currency it wouldn't have all this weird mining marketing, decentralized propaganda, and huge swings in price.
It would be stable, it would be efficient, and there wouldn't be some investors cashing out big time.  I'm sorry to say, but the bit coin crowd has been duped IMHO.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:19:56
The reality of it is the world is so complex the most people will only understand part of it.  It's not because they aren't trying, or are lazy, or even stupid.  It is because that is who they are. We need a system that supports all types of people that are of good intentions.
Contrary to popular belief we are making huge progress in this regard, but it's obvious we have not made the leaps and bounds that some of us expected to see after becoming well educated.  This is because some educated people, are indeed, evil.
With purposeful intent or without, it doesn't matter, their actions still exist to do harm and produce waste.
It is the good vs evil in the complex areas where people can be taken advantage of that is the problem. That is the fight going on, as we speak.
The only part that we all should strive to understand is humanity.
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:37:31


Where does it say he hates the banking system? Perhaps, he just hated how it was being used.
I find it a bit interesting that Ford seems to have fell prey to the very thing he was fighting against with a title like:
"Jewish" Plan to Split Society by "Ideas"
Too bad Ford, it was not Jews, it was people, evil people, and your words are now easy to attack.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:07:02
This one scenario where bitcoins stick around for while and may happen but I'm leaning the other way though, massive destabilization and then collapse.
For this situation to happen the people who need bitcoins will just need to keep trudging along.  Bitcoins will still peak and drop significantly when people cash out though, so the people who need bitcoins to trade will still lose at least some money.  I betting at least half.
@_date: 2013-11-20 04:16:13
It is controlled by the groups of people who own the bit coins and if you don't think the majority owners will work together you are sorely mistaken. Wow.
I was talking about gold because this article is about the gold rush, an entirely different time then today, where you were comparing bitcoins to gold.  You should be a politician, nice side step that will work on the masses for the most part.
OMFG, corrupt people in banks stole people's money? For Real? They call these people thieves.  Thieves sometimes win because of people who are being less than prudent, that's life.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:20:22


Ah, this makes sense.
Current stores of value work just fine for the extremely wealthy, but not for the public.
Isn't hoarding/storing the same thing? I mean I understand saving, and maybe this is what you mean by storing, just saving for retirement and investing later on? If so, point taken, we do need something better for the layperson so they can reap the same benefits as the upper class has with important assets and ability to invest.
I just feel the upper class will dominate the bitcoin system eventually to continue to keep the lower class down. Their greed and opinion that the lower class should simply work harder to make more money (or should I say propaganda), will do that.
I think a better way will be to invest into individuals that are hard working and driven.  It's already happening, and been happening for a long time.  It just needs to happen in a large scale way.
You may say, "so you say you still need savings."  I will say if your kid is of merit and ethics people will invest into them.  This will stop the situation where wealth is earned by good individuals and passed on to kids who do not have a good bone in their body.
Maybe bit coin will be a decent retirement plan commodity? 
As long as people have faith in the bitcoin system and each other it may very well be that, but what's going to be the difference between this and the stock market? I mean right now their are huge gains, but I can hardly think of a situation where bit coin will outpace the stock market far in the future.
I also can hardly think of situation where you wouldn't be better off getting to know new bright individuals and investing into them for retirement purposes.
@_date: 2013-11-20 12:53:06


Except there are laws and consumer protections around that stuff.


Wrong, you are either shady or not.  Someone telling a white lie is different then being devious with malicious intent. Also, someone telling a lie or just not the whole truth to protect someone else or themselves with good intent is also totally different.  Shady people are shady because they are greedy and self-centered.  They do not realize we are collective and by behaving in a wasteful manner we produce waste that effects all of society, especially when people are using their somewhat powerful skills to do something negative, whether or not it was intended.
The rest of your comments are OK.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:28:11
You cannot possibly know this for most others.  If you are questioning what you would do you should question your own behavior, and if it would change you should question whether or not you have ethics.
If you're constantly meeting people who behave poorly, you yourself probably is one of them, because those who behave ethically leave areas of scum behind.  It's because those type of people are not only good workers, they are good leaders, and good value producers.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:10:50
If someone has ethics, they are not shady.  If someone does not have ethics they can be either, depending on the situation.  And by shady, I don't mean the ability to infiltrate an illegal organization and bring it down, I mean people who are willing to tell lies to get your money, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:26:48


Maybe if employers start to pay us in bitcoins and we never need another currency.  And employers don't need another currency either.
(Secret: Bitcoin isn't good enough to do this, we need a better currency.)
@_date: 2013-11-24 17:42:44


Completely agree that it is still happening.
Never said it was not, just said the Ford was duped into the same problem he was trying to fight against somehow (seems strange does it not?).
Heck this whole system could have been perfected during the Inquisition, which may have started out with what appeared to be good intent, but that intent became more and more evil and distorted over time.
After which it may have never stopped, it simply went behind closed doors.
We are living in the aftermath of a very evil millenium IMHO, but we seem to be trending in the right direction :).  &lt;crosses fingers&gt;
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:45:24


I will try to understand this more.
I do think you are giving too much credit to the internet and software to solve problems, it's currently causing way more :)
What we need is leadership and we need individuals to change mentalities from that of wasteful action or inaction to value production at a large scale, acquiring money should be an afterthought and just reward for a job well done.
And not just self-interested value production, but helping those who need it the most, and putting aside our lavish luxuries that we enjoy today at the expense of the lowest class of citizen. These people are impoverished, with misguided senses of the world, and very ambivalent about what to do about it. On top of it they become very physically unhealthy have all sorts of chronic illnesses due to the lack of humanity they experience in life.


I think there is a fundamental flaw to this argument.  Laws are interpreted by lawyers and judges, and I do not think a computer will replace these two specialties because it is important we keep as much humanity in the justice system as possible.
Yes, software may prevent a transaction incorrectly and it will temporarily matter more.
@_date: 2013-11-24 12:59:53
This is a bit out of context being applied to bitcoins in order to fuel propaganda.
Perhaps he meant if they understood that, they'd understand how worthless the goal of seeking money is for the laymen.  
They have the assets, power, and money, and because of that, you will never have it.  You will have bitcoins, a small of amount of bitcoins, to do tiny things with.
The banking and monetary system is the curtain to hide the people really pulling the strings and bitcoin is just another layer of curtains.
Your greed is blinding you, and fueling their greed, and if you want a better world focus on providing value for your neighbor.  The problem is people are so entrenched in their ways and marketed to, it's nearly impossible to change a person after a certain age.
The cycle continues.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:12:50
I am saying none of those things.
It's no class, race, or creed, it is plain and simple "people who do not care for humanity." - in the purest definition of the word : human beings collectively.
How they express this lack of care varies, and the reason varies as well (it may not even be their intention!).  All that is required, is the people who see the problem, allow it to happen.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:17:58
Interesting times for Jackson.
Seems like he destroyed the devil's bank, little banks sprung up spurring the economy (irresponsibly it looks like, by issuing too much paper money), and then they he issues Specie Circular, which then bankrupts the little banks, and causes severe depression.
Looks like there are more complexities and debates but that is the gist.
"When bank customers are not assured that their deposits are safe, they are more likely to make rash decisions that can imperil the rest of the economy."
Hmm, does this apply to virtual currency?
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:33:50
Ok, to clarify, you are talking about the appearance of trustworthiness at the surface (marketing, hair cut, nice clothes, clean smile) compared to trusting someone who has an open history of being trustworthy and good through their actions (going out of their way to help others, doing a good job, being active and trying to solve the tough problems we are facing today).
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:59:41


Or he is saying that is all they need to succeed at doing in order to continue business as usual. How about into a more modern phrase of words:
[As long as people do not understand the banking or monetary system, they will have no basis to have a strong drive to do anything reasonable about it.] 
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:40:06
So you don't think people will deposit their bitcoins into virtual banks that do the same thing in hopes of higher returns?
Being optimistic is one thing, but this is overly optimistic, I don't think this rocks the foundation of economics like a lot of people do here.  It's a more efficient way to store value for use between high tech individuals transferring a large amount of money quickly and with less fees.  It may also result in more areas of higher efficiency relative to the current banking system.
As long as the high tech individuals use this extra efficiency to produce more good and give back to communities this will be a positive.
But, most people I've seen on here are either bragging about a huge profit made and are keeping all their money in bitcoin in hopes for more, or are spending it on somewhat wasteful things.
Bitcoin is not changing the behavior of people :) Which is what we really need.
If you are a high tech person I'd consider using this to save money.  If you are a layman consider this an extremely risky investment into the high tech persons.  Extreme risk because there are lot of scams going on right now, and you have no protection.  Also, no one is sure how this with pan out in the long haul.
@_date: 2013-11-20 02:20:34
yeah, it's so annoying to take 1 second to put on my glasses or 5 seconds to put on my contacts.
@_date: 2013-11-20 11:03:33


What? That is not true.  I can just Google Ponzi scheme, read Wikipedia and understand a Ponzi scheme can also be "taking advantage of a lack of investor knowledge or competence".
If I were you, I'd seriously question my own competence because you did not even take that into account by doing a Google search and reading.
Believe it or not, educated individuals do have intuition on this subject.  You can probably find some of their works on the internet as well.


If you study sociology you will see that successful institutions are slow moving and highly resistant to change, which is why the world isn't utter chaos (like bitcoin going from 500 to 900 to 500).  One point of sociology is to understand our social institutions better so we can attempt to change things a bit faster in our modern age, because they are too slow moving to the point where they can potential hinder us with ideas that are no longer are relevant or good, or simply never were in the first place.
The idea is to understand how social institutions are constructed in the hope we can deconstruct it with a bit more purpose instead of grasping at straws (which is what the believers in bitcoin are doing) or random chance.
Bitcoin is not a well engineered social institution, it is a fad amongst some of our more wealthy civilians, so it's getting money and attention.  We should be devoting our time and efforts to producing value and services that can immediately benefit society and let the engineers try to create a solution for our larger problems (and if they cannot explain it, it probably isn't a real solution).
Would you let a an architect build a bridge that he couldn't prove would support it's own weight, resist the effects of weather, tackle some of the more complicated effects that have been seen throughout history, and support the cars as well during rush hour?
No. You would not. I hope.
Bitcoin is the bridge to no where because it was not engineered to provide any value. The fact that a few places have managed to use it for something useful doesn't mean it's better then what we have, it's better they what they had.
So maybe there is a small niche of value, but to think this is game changer is just wrong.  It will never displace fiat currency and it may be able to side step the law for a bit, but new legislation will fix that.
@_date: 2013-11-21 12:21:14
First I'd like to point out that I think you do not understand bitcoin to point you think your faith is in something other then a group of people.  A group of people not bound by the same limits as the people in our government, a group of people who have no reason to look out for the common good.
My sense dictates that if a system devised for social reform with checks and balances is corrupt in places, a system that simply is not regulated at all will suffer from even more corruption.
Luckily our government is stepping up and starting to think about consumer protection and regulation.  Now it is we as a society that are not only producing waste to handle this new phenomenon, but all the people losing out in mean time are producing a negative effect due to thieves within the bitcoin system.  Releasing this idea without proper public safeguards in place was purely unethical.
I do find it interesting that places without a solid currency do actually benefit from bitcoin, but they are at the whim of the majority holders who may decide to cash out and any moment and stop participating, thus destroying the economy, similar to end of a ponzi scheme.
Hoarding is also a big problem of bitcoin, especially if one expects the bitcoin to increase in value. If it starts decreasing in value I suspect a market crash would be imminent.  The only way bitcoin will last if somehow the bitcoins are so distributed that a mind share cash out of a large majority of bit coins will not crash the market and causing anyone with a significant amount of bitcoins to cash out, and finally the large amount of people who have miniscule amounts for trade to have nothing.  The real losers will be the people not saving bitcoins to cash out, but the people in the world who actually needed them for trade for daily needs.  It's plain evil, evil, evil!
One has to question why someone would not cash out as soon as they can make a decent earning or switch to a solid fiat currency.  Just about anyone has a high dollar item on their list, or wants to start a business, or become an investor, so they will cash out and move on with their lives.  The places without a solid fiat currency will eventually find a stable source of government and that new currency will be preferred.  Some places even use the US dollar simply to have a stable currency.
@_date: 2013-11-23 21:34:03


All the more reason to believe bitcoin has a strong bias for the rich and greedy.  (It's apparent to me now bitcoin does have some good uses, but does not change the bias).
All the more reason to invest your money into local value production by investing into bright individuals that will turn a profit.  When these people produce value, everyone in the community benefits, and when everyone in the community is reaping the rewards of a good economy, we can then turn our heads to charity in a serious manner.
Bitcoin is not a silver bullet solution.  Society needs to reassess its values.
@_date: 2013-11-20 03:27:45
The fact this is downvoted so much just shows how stupid our society is becoming.
Poorly designed, poorly thought out ideas, that do NOT answer the hard questions that I can come up with in a few hours of thinking about it, and designed in secret to establish a mystique (for marketing purposes), are obviously NOT GOOD FOR ANYONE but the people who created it and possibly people who get in on the first floor (so they have some incentive to help out the originators of the malice, to benefit themselves).
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:19:08
Too hard to understand for the average employer and too risky for the larger corporation.  Perhaps the super tech saavy company willing to take controlled risks could get away with it if all the employees were on board.
@_date: 2013-11-20 03:39:43
Yeah instead of being controlled by groups of people it will be controlled by groups of people. Genius.
The rise in value of bitcoin is simply because of marketing techniques that work on the masses.  It's nothing new.
It's really easy to for me to trade in US currency.  I never actually have any cash on hand.
It won't be expensive it will be... "We don't like bit coin" -- "OK, bitcoin is gone, thank you sir"  But they won't because they will never feel threatened enough to even bother. Bitcoin is tiny compared to the real stuff going on in the world.
I promise you I could never think about bitcoin again, and my life will be no different for as long as I live, because I will need US currency in the end.
And what are you talking about? Our money isn't even backed by gold, we have a fiat currency!
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:00:51


Are any of these things new or just a different implementation of same thing we currently have?  They look like a different implementation of same things we currently have to me... can you point out the major differences to me besides more software doing the work and less people then our current systems?


I am certain I could read the source code and build my own digital currency in secret and claim some crazy hacker made it and market it using words like, "decentralized", "open source", "for the people", "game changer", and invest as much REAL money as I can into it and cash out when the time is right.  However, I have ethics and want to solve real problems and produce real services, and provide real value for the world.


No, I came up with some hard questions in a few hours of thinking that simply were not answered.  In my mind, ambiguity and secrecy is most likely a scam, but I am willing to admit I may be wrong.
I also can observe the common investors lack of knowledge. You're quite different, but it doesn't make my point any different.


What I do understand is Bitcoin is really tiny compared to economics in the real world, and it hardly matters, and I doubt it ever will.  The real travesty is the people that is it hurting.  I understand the bitcoin community is trying to teach each other, but grandma-jo could have just used a credit card and been safe from online fraud.


This seems to be a criticism on copyright law?
“Copying isn’t theft, and it isn’t piracy. It’s what we did for millennia until the invention of copyright, and we can do it again, if we don’t hobble ourselves with the antiquated remnants of a censorship system from the sixteenth century.” — Karl Fogel


If I had time I could write a way better article about the internet then criticizing TCP/IP, then moving into the common sense that we need better applications built on top of the protocols that power the internet to drive social reform. Well, common sense to those who understand these things.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:25:54
Looks like it is not a direct quote but a paraphrase of an observation he had.  Of course, I do not know for sure, I found this at:
"In the Mercury's Opinion: How Internationalists Gain Power" by Russel Maguire in American Mercury(October 1957), p. 79.
So it is probably being spun as propaganda by "revolutionists", but it does not invalidate the substance, just the reaction to the substance should be considered wisely.
We need to not put each other into boxes in order to see the truth that we are all different and will strive for good if we are allowed to thrive in each our own way.  There is no such thing as a "Internationalist" or "Revolutionist" in reality, just people trying to make a living (or even find a way to make one).
We should only step on each others toes if they are obviously stepping on ours *beyond any reasonable doubt*.  And by stepping on their toes I mean: having an appropriate reaction to the negative circumstance.
* Update: See Melting_Harps reply.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:18:37


You have no idea what I am talking about. I am not talking about code or cryptography. I'm sure that stuff is very cool, being a developer myself.  I am talking about social engineering, as in what the founding fathers of our country did.
I could too, choose to be very unethical and implement things that I do not understand the full consequences of in a gambit for personal financial gain.  Its obvious a lot of people are anti-government and anti-banking right now and those are the people being easily duped by the marketing message of "decentralized currency".


The internet is a new technology that snakeoil salemen have came to understand before the masses and before regulation.  This is how it normally is... First there are pioneers of invention (maybe someone gets a bit to excited about the good, and doesn't conceive of the bad), then there are people to take advantage of that invention for personal gain at the expense of others, then finally the masses are informed and protected by further social institutions and regulation.
This is the same eb and flow of good and evil that has always existed.  Choose your side :)


Not sure what your point is.  Apples and oranges.


Technical people are very rarely the best public speakers especially in a political setting, that is why they are not on TV.  I assure you these people are working behind the scenes with the people who you see on TV.  People work together as teams, sometimes very large teams.
@_date: 2013-11-20 11:22:27
Sorry, man.
Bitcoin not being ousted as a sham is simply because our regulation of internet (especially a peered network on the internet) is non-existent right now, and a few people losing a lot of money is sad, but mainly a lot of a people are going to lose a little bit.
This is not important enough for our legislative bodies to care much about it yet, and maybe they do not understand it fully and want to before they take action.
Stop using wild west to romanticize the situation, this is another marketing ploy see: 
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:46:05


Interesting, but utopian idea.  Let me rephrase to be a bit more realistic.
"So put [as much of] our energy [as possible] into fueling the good and not [too much into] attacking the bad."
Which needs to vary based on the bad or good being done.
Job well done to yourself as well for keeping the discussion productive and adding new valid points.


I love following what the Swedish are doing to improve their society.  Though the laws still could be a little less restrictive.  We'll get there as the truth comes out about some of our illicit drugs not being as harmful to society as once perceived (the fact they are illicit is actually more harmful!!).
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:17:24
Ok, this is why a lot of people are calling bitcoin a commodity, not a currency.  Currency needs to be spent to generate an economy. Hoarding ruins the efficacy in currency to generate an efficient economy.
This is why dollars must not retain value indefinitely, you should be encouraged to invest in each other.