@_author: dergiftpilz
@_date: 2016-09-08 04:17:38
I already trust them with information that is far, far more valuable. Chances are, you do too but just don't realize it. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 19:54:54
It doesn't matter, Rainman. 
BTC's **VALUATION** revolves around the potential that it is one dau used as a standardized unit of transaction. All the retarded ideological horseshit is but a distraction. 
@_date: 2016-10-02 18:20:27
That's actually not the point of BTC. 
Total autonomy is an available option of BTC, but its certainly not the point. 
If it makes sense for someone to use a trusted, not BTC-centric technological intermediary to store their BTC (since the various BTC exchanges' have credibility issues), then that's the point of BTC for them. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 20:06:52
It won't be banned by all major economies, but the US probably will ban it someday and in turn put pressure on others to do the same because something-something-terrorism. 
People say "...BUT I CAN TRANSACT IN IT ANYWAY! AIN'T NO LAW GONNA STOP ME!" and they are correct, however its like any other law. You can rob a bank anyway, too. Once a few neckbeards get sent to Federal Prison Camp for their 'taking a stand' , the rest of you will fall right in line and shut right the fuck up about it all. 
Its current valuation model is based on the idea that here soon, they're going to figure out how to get BTC off the autism spectrum and into the American mainstream... but the problem (in their eyes) is that it can't be controlled. All it would take it kick it back to a black market bauble is a law banning its use. 
Whatever causes the law to get passed, who knows? My guess is that it will look like what we've seen before: there will be some kind of terrorist event, they will realize that this is their opportunity to collaterally attack BTC (much like they did with Apple encryption and the San Bernadino shooters) and they'll hastily cobble up 'evidence' that the guy somehow funded it all with bitcoin and we need to ban it because something-something-muh terrorism and something-something-think of the children. It will get a few CNN Special Reports about how its the prefered black market currency of pornographers, human traffickers, terrorists and drug dealers, an episode or two on Dr Oz, some coordinated expose's on the 11:00 o'clock local news, in a years time, the hive of idiots can be turned against it. 
BTC is no different than FOSS. The people in power absolutely hate the idea that they cannot control everything, so they will take decisive actions to remove those things from mainstream use. 
I realize that naive basement dwelling ideologues aren't exactly in tune with the sentiments of the control freaks who are actually in power but what I'm saying here is the stone cold truth and in time, it will all be proven correct with actual real world policies. 
@_date: 2016-10-02 22:02:06
That's because Bitcoin, like the internet in the 1990's, still exists almost entirely among people on the Autism spectrum. Once mechanisms are developed to make it easy to use for folks not willing to dedicate hours to slavish adherence to elaborate protocols, then BTC will finally get enough attention to be banned by major economies... but since it can never be technologically abolished, it will be rendered back to a black market currency since nobody in the mainstream will be permitted to transact in it- the prospective occurrence of which drives 99.9% of its current speculative value- it will lose 9X% of its value. 
Feel free to downvote and sperg out now, but remember you read this post in 2016 and wonder who that oddly prescient guy was who seemed to nail it so hard. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 19:54:12
I think you suck at understanding what is driving its current valuation. 