@_author: desegual
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:29:51
Unfortunately I'm too stupid to really contribute other than nagging :) But there are interesting approaches out there - blockchain sharding being one of them.
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:22:28
Sure, but I don't think that is what was envisioned. Bitcoin being the last resort solution kind of sucks.
@_date: 2017-08-27 09:53:27
There was no premine and there isn't a single dev team, but three. If you disagree with one you can just use another client. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:12:54
A very special, awesome and unbelievable resort that is of no use to those that need it most. I'm not talking about me, I can pay the fees and still somewhat use it. But someone who only earns a few dollars a day can't. Heck, about 70% of people earn less than 10 dollars a day. If Bitcoin is going to succeed something will have to change or altcoins will (understandably) take over. I know that it gets old and no, I'm no shill. But yesterday I sent an Ethereum transaction, it confirmed in a minute and cost three cents or so. Compare that to Bitcoin where my last transaction cost me four dollars and it took over an hour to confirm. That's just fucking stupid. If you want Bitcoin to be a value store then that's okay. But it's just not what Bitcoin was supposed to be. On a side note, it could be argued that Ethereum is more decentralized due to it having more active nodes and GPU mining being possible.
@_date: 2017-08-27 09:49:25
Regurgitating the same sentence over and over doesn't make it more true. Bitcoin is a PEER to PEER CASH system using a blockchain to store transactions. A peer isn't some hub operated by Amazon. I shouldn't have to open a channel to Starbucks to pay my coffee. Especially if it STILL requires a transaction on-chain to open the channel.
@_date: 2017-08-02 09:19:57
I'm getting bored of People whining about Coinbase. They said WEEKS ago that they wouldn't support Bitcoin Cash. You KNOW that you shouldn't keep anything on an exchange that you aren't ready to lose. If you, after being warned by the community and the company itself, kept your bitcoin on there, it's your own goddamn fault that you can't access your BCH. You are right - there are "some groups of people" - the ones who did the slightest bit of research and the ones who didn't and are whining now. You people have the audacity to talk about suing them and what not. They warned you in *multiple official statments* that they wouldn't support the fork.
Note that I have never interacted with Coinbase so I don't have any opinion on them as a company. I just find it absolutely disgusting that people act like Coinbase screwed them out of their Bitcoin Cash, after being warned on Reddit and various other fora, Twitter, via E-Mail, on the Coinbase blog and on the Coinbase site itself.
@_date: 2017-08-27 10:09:00
And you think the stranger in Africa is going to be able to do anything with it if they have to pay what they make in a day for a single transaction?
@_date: 2017-08-11 09:37:20
This should be added to the [Bitcoin obituaries](
@_date: 2017-08-10 12:35:22
Not saying that there is no brigading going on at all. But have you considered that for many a certain threshold has been reached where they feel the need to speak out? I'm an example - a month ago I wouldn't really have considered posting in any crypto related forum even though I have been following the debate closely for the last year or so.
However, I find what's going on right now highly worrying. The community is split to the point where half the comments are insults, there has already been a hard-fork and nobody knows what's actually going to happen in the next months. I really don't want the bitcoin community to self-destruct because of this.
Also, for varying reasons, not everyone wants to tie their "main" account to these discussions. People are so angry at each other right now that I can see openly and strongly taking a side having real life implications (it's not too difficult to find out who someone with a long post history is).
@_date: 2017-08-10 15:31:04
75% is the limit for the block time to adjust correctly in one go. If 80% leave that's 50 minute blocks for the next 100 days with an downwards adjustment by only 75%. If 90% leave that's 140 days with 100 minute blocks. The difficulty would then get adjusted to 25% of what it was. Blocks would then average 25 minutes for the next 35 days and then be back down to 10 minutes after the second adjustment. That's half a year, not 2 months. It really depends on how many leave.
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:56:23
In the worst case there won't be a retarget. Not that I think it's particularly likely, but consider this: 75% is the limit because the difficulty adjustment maxes out at a factor of 4. So if more than 75% leave it will take more than one adjustment to get back to the correct 10 minute interval. If 90% were to leave, it would take roughly 140 days to get from 100 minutes to 25 minutes per block and then another 35 days to get back to 10 minutes.
Also, it's not just the block time that you have to consider. Just imagine the backlog if throughput is reduced by 90%. Bitcoin would essentially be VERY slow to unusable and even more expensive to use than now for the better part of half a year. That's 6% of the time it has existed, which is a lot in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-08-10 15:16:17


Yes, it can be adjusted. But, depending on if/when exactly the miners leave it can take a very long time. If only 10% of hashing power remains on the original chain then blocks will average 100 minutes. Bitcoin difficulty adjusts by a maximum factor of 4 in any direction, based on the last 2016 blocks. The worst case will be if the fork happens just after an (likely upward) adjustment. The next adjustment would then happen in 140 days. The difficulty would then get adjusted to 25% of what it was. Blocks would then average 25 minutes for the next 35 days and then be back down to 10 minutes after the second adjustment. Of course one could change consensus rules, but do you seriously think miners would signal for that?
I don't think the chain would survive for nearly half a year under these circumstances. The network is already close to its limit and this would effectively take away 90% of throughput. Even if SegWit provides a 2x increase that's less than half the number of transactions. Users will simply leave. Especially if there is a working chain with support from nearly every major player (exchanges, wallets and miners), regular block times and lower fees. The current Bitcoin would be an altcoin within hours if miners were to really switch - and why wouldn't they? They only agreed to SegWit because of the 2MB. Note how &gt;80% of blocks have been signalling intent for 2x for over a month now and support is still increasing, now being at 93%.


Changing POW would require yet ANOTHER hard-fork further splintering what would be left of the original chain. I don't think that's a good idea. What about the "hard-forks are too difficult to pull off in a few months" argument? Setting the initial difficulty would also be problematic since nobody knows how much initial hashing power the chain would get.


There already exist huge altcoin mining farms which could maybe 51% attack, maybe not. My point is that nobody knows. Going back to CPU mining would of course be another possibility. But these farms also have a lot of CPU power, due to having thousands of rigs. Or am I missing something here (could very well be!)?
I really think 2x needs to happen for Bitcoin to keep being relevant, whether we like it or not. The alternative would be an even more hostile and splintered environment than we already have.
Ethereum, as an example and direct competitor, already has ASIC-resistance, PoS incoming, way more features, lower fees (microtransactions are actually possible), MUCH faster transaction confirmations (seconds, not minutes or even hours), more throughput (early testnets could sustain about 25tx/s, compared to the absolute max of 14 tx/s for btc if SegWit doubles capacity and all transactions are minimum size), variable block-sizes (meaning fees will probably stay lower for longer) a non-hostile community
It has also significantly outperformed Bitcoin in network and price growth rates. It is now at just over half of Bitcoins market cap and keeps growing. There are also close to the same or even more transactions on the ethereum network than on the bitcoin network per day (318k vs 275k two days ago, 280k vs 260k yesterday). I don't see a reason why it couldn't take over in a few years if Bitcoin continues the way it does.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:49:14
I have to make a point - a 13 year old is very capable of spending a few dollars on something. There is a multitude of people having made and managed millions by the time they were 19 or younger. Also, nobody needs to post anywhere and old accounts can be brought back to life. I have some pretty old accounts which I could use if I, for example, wouldn't want anyone to know about my posts in investment subs.
That being said their marketing strategy is more than questionable. They describe their marketing guy this way:


So to OP: Hi Sergei, I guess?
@_date: 2017-07-12 08:23:54
Is it so difficult to discuss what was said, not what was "meant"?










Also, define quickly if you are so set on it?
On topic: Bitcoin core for example uses a layered cache, keeping only the last block or so in RAM.


No they aren't. What they say is that the UTXO set doesn't need to be (and in fact, isn't) stored in memory. Reading comprehension, people. It's a thing!
Edit: formatting, words