@_author: destone
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:35:43
hah - none yet.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:35:27
The best way to answer is this, hopefully without sounding smug, is do you think a bank would want tellers "surfing the internet" on an ATM machine?  Probably not. 
Personal desktops / Computers are built around productivity and inherently are insecure because they have many uses and many applications running on them.   This device is designed around one sole purpose - facilitating BTC / Cryptocurrency transactions.   The devices software would be opensource to provide community with sense of security.   Basically its just a form-factor for a computer designed to manage bitcoin transactions.
Thank you for the question!
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:01:51
Not really - I am hoping to find someone with experience with designing peripherals.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:16:32
I am currently in production of a personal ATM / BTC Banking product.   It has a small form factor (simular in size to the mac mini) made of high quality alumnium and high end plastics.  The top has good-sized LCD that serves as the console for hte device.   The device is built to work on a personal network, preferrably behind NAT.  The device is an "offline" wallet that stores your BTC.   It only is connected to the internet to facilitate transactions.   You can load your smartphone from your device using this ATM/Terminal at your own home - enusring that a new wallet is created on your iphone device that does not contain ALL of your BTC.  Think of it like a safe.  You can withdraw and deposit money.  It is an appliance, not a software wallet that runs on a comptuer.  The appliance will be a stripped down Opensourced Operating system.   The device will run on three SSD SDHC cards.  The first providing OS, the other storing encrypted wallet files (redudancy).  
Upgraded devices could be equiped with GPS chips as well to help protect devices from theft.
USB thermal printer could be attached - to print credit cardsized or (business card) QR codes that can be given to others.
Please let me know what you think...
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:30:18
yeah, he made a throwaway - the minute I initially responded I thought "woah, this is going to look bad"...