@_author: destinia_com
@_date: 2014-11-18 17:05:42
Dear Jackten,
We are writing to apologize for the inconvenience caused by your recent Destinia purchase.
 
Destinia fully believes in Bitcoin as an innovative payment method. Since January, when we began to accept the virtual currency, we have attended to hundreds of clients from more than 50 different nationalities without any problems. However on this occasion, we have experienced an operational difficulty and must recognize our error. Given we were unable to provide the contracted service, we are going to refund in Euros the difference to complete the total amount that you paid in BTC. We would like to further compensate you for the additional expenses incurred due to the error. Our Customer Service Department is already handling the case.
 
At Destinia, we take note when something is not working properly. Since this incident was brought to our attention, we have been analyzing our client communication policy and making changes to ensure such an error is not repeated.
 
We are working to restore your confidence in Destinia and continuously aim to improve the experience of our users and the entire traveler community. Please accept our apologies for the error and any inconvenience it may have caused you.
 
@_date: 2018-07-10 16:07:06
Hi! thank you for your review, we appreciate your feed-back which is always of great value to us in our attempts to make our services the best in the business. At Destinia we continuously strive for the full satisfaction of our customers !
Please note your purchase at Destinia was inmediately confirmed. However, it's true that Hotels do not always update their systems immediately, it may take up to 24/48 hours until it is seen on their system, it depends on the hotel. That's why they did not find your booking at the very beginning but it was confirmed. 
Anyway we're glad to have been of assitance and hope you continue using Destinia for your future reservations!
Kindest regards,
@_date: 2018-07-21 16:35:12
Thanks for the tip. However we have looked at btcpayserver and its not really suitable for us. We need to able immediately convert crypto payments into fiat, as we have extremely low or even zero profit margins, and cannot take any currency risks. Also it doesn't run on Linux.
But we are looking at other alternatives. We will inform all customers like you.
Regard