@_author: deterraformer
@_date: 2019-11-27 14:30:32
As time goes on, I do think that when an idea that subverts the current model (i hate the word "disrupt" now) its adoption and implementation can happen on a shorter timeline, but a lot of that inertia has to do with whether the person or organization generating the new model can successfully jam it into the zeitgeist.  Fuller is a good example, as he died in 1983, and though he has a legacy, implementation of his ideas is not anywhere near as widespread as it should be.  An even better example and cautionary tale that's applicable here though is Edison vs Tesla.  Tesla was a genius and if his ideas had been implemented I am confident that we'd be a century ahead of where we are now technologically.  Instead we wound up with Edison's ideas and infrastructure dominating, not because it was better, but because it was marketed better.
edit: spelling
@_date: 2019-11-26 18:33:43
Nah, because that's not what he said.  The quote actually says "build a new model that makes the old model obselete"  that's not a straightforward idea.  Fuller accomplished it, and nothing changed, because the nexus of government control and entrenched corporate interests occlude that process.  If that were not the case, we would have widespread access to renewable energy, live in homes based on the ideas Fuller developed, a whole host of other things.  But we don't.  you can have a great idea that explodes the current paradigm, but without persistent public engagement, marketing, lobbying government to incentivize the building of necessary infrastructure while also working against the current obsolete model, you get what we have now; people who don't understand bitcoin, fossil fuel cars that can barely exceed fuel economy standards of 50 years ago, and the concept of human living space mostly unchanged for over a century.  so yeah the idea isn't enough, unless you want to wait until your great grandchildren are adults to see if maybe someone was able to drill it into the public consciousness.
@_date: 2019-11-26 18:15:11
thats why we all live in sustainable, efficient Geodesic Dome houses now right?
@_date: 2019-06-28 14:36:57
if your main goal with investing in bitcoin is to buy a supercar, you're stupid to begin with.
@_date: 2019-06-28 16:23:14
sure, that's not the worst idea but it is a real risky stratagem likely to generate more debt in the short term.