@_author: devils_increment
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:34:04


No one speculates on it?  Is that not what the stock market is?  Those numbers barely mean anything anymore in a concrete sense, they just reflect how much confidence people have in the economy.  Stock prices no longer are determined by actual value, but *perceived* value.  And it's value goes up the more people invest which raises the price which makes people confident that the stock has value so they invest which raises it's value which raises confidence which raises investing which raises confidence which raises investing...all while the actual company or investment does nothing but assure everyone that actual value is coming soon, don't worry, innovation and synergy and blah blah blah.
And unlike Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, traditional currency is regulated.  And in extreme cases, subsidized by taxes in order to stabilize it's value.  It's value *can* fluctuate wildly, the only reason it doesn't go full Bitcoin these days is because legislators do everything and anything to keep The Great Depression from happening again.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:39:41


Who said I thought that?
You misunderstood me because I was not clear.
I think Bitcoin has all the issues of real money, and more.  Specifically how fast it's "cycles" run.  At least when traditional currency gets all stupid, it is all going slow enough for people to *try* and do something about it.
I do have to disagree with you on the stock market, though.  You described how it's *supposed* to work.  Not how it actually is playing out at this point.  You make it sound *way* more stable than it is, and are acting like it is a closed ecosystem.  It wasn't supposed to directly affect the value of currency...but it does.  And no, I do not think currency designed to be hyper-deflationary is going to avoid these issues...just have the same issues...but faster.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:13:34


Sounds a lot like traditional currencies and stock exchanges at this point.
We've come full circle.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:15:07
Don't be born, got it.
...I've made a huge mistake.