@_author: deviantduo22
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:19:38
I'm not trying to say that there are no problems with a deflationary policy. 
I was just objecting to *the claim that inflation does not lead to effective pay cuts. Currently, yes, it does. Deflation does not, and would not. Deflation may have other negative effects, but not the ones that *were pointed out. The situation is more nuanced than that.
The likely scenario, in my opinion, resulting from a deflationary policy would be the gradual equalizing of employers and employees, and the end of most corporate structures as they exist. It would certainly be the death of the economic situation as we understand it today, as you point out, and it would certainly not be a pretty process. It is arguably  too catastrophic to be actually desirable. But that's beyond the scope of what I was trying to say in my comment.
Edit: Not your claim. Sorry!
@_date: 2018-06-12 21:20:50
No, actually, in practice it is inflation that causes most people to get a pay cut every single year, not deflation. 
In an inflationary situation, you are LOSING purchasing power if your salary stays the same for multiple years. Most people have relatively stable salaries, so most people lose out-- unless they invest those salaries well enough to keep up with the real rate of inflation (which is MUCH higher than the 2% commonly quoted if you include excluded asset prices, such as housing). Show me a company (or an industry) that automatically increases salaries each year in order to reflect real inflation and I will admit that this is not a problem. However, in my experience, I have never seen such a company. That's why our min wage is so low now, relative to the cost of essentials. There is no mechanism through which companies are incentivized to make sure their rates of pay keep up with inflation, besides government mandate. Therefore, employees lose-- especially those who do not have extra money to invest after paying rent and buying food.
In a deflationary situation, in order for you to lose purchasing power, the company that you work for would need to actively decrease your salary. ("You used to make 60k/year, but now you make 50k to reflect deflation.") If your salary stayed the same, you would be GAINING power. In theory, this could happen, but in practice? Nobody would stand for this. Any company that tries to give every employee a simultaneous pay cut, regardless of performance, would have a riot on their hands. It would be a personnel and PR nightmare. They wouldn't do it. 
@_date: 2018-06-12 21:49:49
Unless the hourly wage does not increase to keep up with real inflation. Which is often true nowadays, esp for precarious low-income workers. (When was the last time min wage increased to keep up with inflation?)
Keep in mind that it would have to be YOU, the holder of the $1M, to generously decide that your workers get a raise... Unless the workers were able to organize and threaten you, there are many more available jobs than workers to fill them, or the government intervenes. None of these things are happening with particular frequency right now.
Therefore, under current conditions, inflation is benefitting the employer-- and, to a lesser extent, especially skilled laborers. The common person is the loser.
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:57:29
COLA only applies to salaried workers-- and those with generous employers, at that. If you have an in-demand job (in tech or finance, say), and you have the skill leverage to demand COLA in your contract, great. This is not true for most hourly workers, or even a large portion of salaried workers. It depends on the area, the job market, and the industry.
In addition, keep in mind that most of the salaried jobs that would agree to offer COLA are in urban areas-- LA, Boston, etc. There, COL increases significantly more than 3% per year. I lived in LA for 5 years, and avg rent in my neighborhood went from $900 per month to $1800 per month in that time.  
Hourly employees - and some salaried employees - in the United States right now do not have "free will" so easily. They cannot simply leave their job in search of another-- many low-wage workers count themselves incredibly lucky to have even found a steady job in the first place. I assume you've heard the term "precariat?" It exists for a reason. Worker insecurity has been more and more of a problem over the last few decades, in response to offshoring, automation, demand  shifts, and skill surpluses. I worked in a retirement home for a while that grossly neglected the basic rights of their workers - we basically could not take breaks or use our vacation time - yet no-one left. There were no other jobs to go to, and if you make a fuss, you are out on the street with a bad reference.
In any case, I don't mean to claim that there are no problems with a deflationary policy. Your thoughts regarding investment are absolutely valid. A deflationary policy would need to be accompanied by other policies to address those shortcomings-- just as a solid inflationary policy needs to contend with its own shortcomings by accurately measuring inflation rates and adjusting min wage regulations accordingly. 
Here are some sources concerning the real rate of inflation, and the problems with trusting the CPI (Keep in mind that the government has significant incentives to claim that the inflation rate is low, as detailed in the Forbes article):
[Devonshire Research](