@_author: devlux1976
@_date: 2016-05-07 16:10:52
Current thinking on Reddit is beginning to converge towards this guy.
@_date: 2016-05-07 09:31:10
I was considering creating a brand new sock puppet for that posting, but I was in a mischievous mood.
If you google my name you'll see where you might possibly be wrong there with the conspiracy angle.  Better to trade on good info than best guessing.
@_date: 2016-05-06 23:47:04
This is literally the most idiotic thing I have read so far this week.
I like waves and I like mycelium, but using waves as a fiat gateway is a MAJOR problem.  You're relying on being able to negotiate those "tokens" back to the originator who has absolutely no requirement to be in business even a day from issue.
This is like ripple, but worse.  What you going to do when regulators crack down on the Waves people the way they did on the Ripple folks?
You are literally recreating fractional reserve banking, do you realize this?
I implore the people at Mycelium,  use bitsquare instead.  It's actually created especially for swapping currencies in a fully decentralized manner directly on their own blockchains, similar to a fully decentralized shapeshift, and then uses a localbitcoins like fiat system for the times you just gotta deal in cash.
@_date: 2016-05-07 15:45:56
Jesus, let's hope not.  Tether is about the worst possible thing you could have compared it to.  A single entity and a single point of failure.   If they have financial problems, or get snatched up by the feds or whatever, your money is worthless.  Plus last I checked you have to dox yourself to own it or move it.  Although that may just be a policy of every single exchange I've seen that trades it thus far.  Most businesses have a viable lifespan of less than 5 years, there are 90+% odds that Tether will disappear and your money will be gone at some point in the next 4 years.
So I repeat, if you are relying on the issuing party to back the token or whatever, then you are right back to fractional reserve banking, so why even bother with the crypto step?
Just do a person to person escrow ala localbitcoins and be done with it.  You already have this in your wallet, the only reason people don't use it, is because you don't advertise it AT ALL.  It's a hidden feature. 
I've been using Mycelium since you launched and only just barely uncovered this feature approx 3 months ago.
@_date: 2016-05-07 00:04:52
Reddit is just part of the CIA conspiracy to get everyone off usenet so that the flashing blinking ads can be used to send us subliminal messages compelling us to buy GMO foods contaminated with their chemtrails.
The chemtrails have already been proven conclusively to be highly mutagenic which causes us all to need special implants to control the latent super powers we have.  I know this because there is a movie about it somewhere I'm sure.  The implants are being given to us in the guise of vaccines.  But it gets even worse.  It's common knowledge that HFCS and floridated water is just a plot to rot our teeth so that the International Dentistry Conspiracy can implant radio transcievers in our heads in the guise of fillings, so that the NSA can monitor our thoughts in order to control them even further.  But there is a code word you need to watch for that explains the whole thing!  Someone in a forum told it to me, he said it was "deep end".  Obviously this whole "deep end" thing is their end of the world conspiracy, but I've managed to avoid the whole thing because this fella who I never even met told me I had gone totally off it.  Just figured I'd share that little tidbit so you'll be "in the know" like me.  Make sure to "go off the deep end".
Oh wow, I gotta go, did you happen to hear that whoosh sound overhead?   
@_date: 2016-05-07 15:56:38
Waves is just another altcoin.  They have some good ideas but none of them relevant to what you are doing here.  
Look, the idea of a party issuing their own token and backing it sounds fine but we already know this doesn't work.  
You are relying on the honesty of the issuer and their ability to deliver.  
Do you understand that in the case of Mycelium if you happen to pick the wrong issuer, people are going to lose funds and it will make you look really bad.  If you really want to do a fiat gateway coin, there are better alternatives, but the instant you get into the fiat gateway business you are subject to US Law.  Doesn't matter where you are based.  You will either need to comply or end up like this poor bastard.
Waves as an altcoin fine, but having a shapeshift.io style integration would be ALOT more useful and they do have an affiliate API that allows you to earn money on each trade.  Let your users do the final step of turning coin to fiat by making localtrader more prominent. It's a nice system that works well, but my god it's hidden well.
@_date: 2016-05-07 02:32:25
No that's not true.  The developers have complete control over the code and the miners have complete control over what code they choose to run.  There is no contract here, except an implied social contract and one which has proven to be exceptionally flexible so far.  No reason they can't just bump the limit or skip a halving if they wanted to.  Just like there is no reason they couldn't change the blocksize to any value they want, or remove it entirely, or switch the algorithm from SHA256 to something else, or change the method of signature encoding or not even verify blocks in the race to build new blocks, or bump the block finding rate to 1 min.  All of these parameters were designed by Satoshi to be replaceable if needs be. Nearly all of these altcoins you see are very thin forks of bitcoin with their own tweaks to parameters and some new graphics.
So let's be honest with ourselves.  If core, classic, unlimited, or anyone else for that matter wanted to make a major change and make it "official", all it would take is convincing 51% of the hashing power to support the new version.  You're talking about a rather smallish bribe to a single chinese official, since well over 75% of the hash power is sitting in China now days.  That official could simply call up the companies on this list and say "this is what you run now" and that is what they would be forced to run.
Another danger is that same official just calling these companies up and telling them to shut it down now.
That would break bitcoin severely.
Bitcoin has become HUGELY centralized and that centralization is mostly in China.  Please try not to pretend otherwise.
@_date: 2016-05-03 18:36:19
Nice vanity address he's sending from...
@_date: 2016-05-07 00:21:10
Why would they disrupt it?  Think about this shit for just a minute.
They most likely invented it.  If nothing else the ground work and most of the crypto is straight out of USGOV TLAs.
Also Satoshi and Susan Sabet share some very markedly similar writing styles.
If I were wanting to track money laundry and build rock solid reliable social graphs that extend well beyond anything Facebook could ever hope to produce, doing a crypto money with a public blockchain and so called psuedonomnity would be an attractive prize.
Have you considered for a minute that everyone who was prominent in the community and has later died has been involved with the DOD?  I don't see a conspiracy here though.  But Bitcoin is the greatest blessing LEA has ever been given especially FinCEN and the IRS.  It can provide evidence of interpersonal and business relationships that is totally unassailable.  Perfect proof of identity of every coin from cradle to grave.
No if they were doing a PSYOP they would prop the price up and try to give it legitimacy.  That may be one reason why the USA is much more friendly to BTC than say Russia which appears to be settling on NXT while basically making Bitcoin and other cryptos a crime.
Keep in mind, this is the same government  where failing upwards is a legitimate career path.  And the same government that thought letting military grade weapons cross the border into Mexico in order to track guns back to drug lords would be a "good idea!" and only kill a bunch of brown folks.
Sorry but they just aren't competent enough to pull off either of the scenarios. (mine or the OPs)  Doesn't mean there aren't smart people there, but there just aren't enough of them to make a difference when floating adrift in a sea of incompetence and stupidity. 
@_date: 2016-05-07 16:41:41
He pled guilty and expected mercy.  It just doesn't work that way, but perhaps he was guilty after all.  He did obviously come right out and say it.
He saved the tax payers of the USA millions of dollars on a trial where who knows what the evidence or outcome would have been.
There are several important lessons to learn from this case.  
The most important of which is to remember that you have rights and should never waive them for any reason.  The other lesson is to remember that rights do not come from the government.  No government can give you rights.  You have to stand up and take them, then protect them, no matter what the cost.  You are a free person only when you refuse to wear chains no matter when they are offered or who is offering them.
The big problem is that we fall in love with our chains.  Imagining that the chains we wear are made of the purest gold, instead of being forged from our own ignorance.  The only way to shed your chains is to stop being ignorant.  Stop ignoring the horrors of the world around you and stand up and take your rights.   Government, or any one else has no power that you don't give them.  People ARE THE Power. 
@_date: 2016-05-07 16:29:32
Rammstein was very prescient about this.
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:05:03
Actually I find that evidence to be in full support of Craig.  I don't believe he's Satoshi, but being up all night posting on forums is pretty strong evidence sitting in my own personal "maybe he is" pile.
I don't know a single programmer who doesn't prefer to do things like this at night either because of life and home commitments or because that's the only time his/her mother will leave them alone in the basement long enough to think :D
@_date: 2016-05-06 15:52:04
If you think bitcoin and tulip bulbs have nothing in common then you completely missed the point.  The comparison is not so much about the price run up as it is the psychology of crowds.
The rest of your post is fine, but keep in mind that most people citing tulip bulbs are drawing from this...
There is a lot of comparison to be drawn there, I urge you to read it.  It doesn't mean the comparison is correct, but it is there.
@_date: 2016-05-07 00:43:35
Just to give you a sense of how mind boggling huge the problem space you need to solve for is...
Your odds are roughly 1 in whatever those numbers are.