@_author: devotedfollower
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:36:31
many thanks for the explanation and clarification with the link.
@_date: 2014-08-28 16:14:06
sorry, I am ignorant; what does spv (wallet) mean? And how do you get added privacy of a full node...?
@_date: 2013-07-23 04:31:59
first to subscribe, w00t :)
good idea for a sub!
@_date: 2013-05-25 14:48:22
really is to blame. If you are interested more in this history of taxes, wealth and especially debt then it is worth checking out David Graeber. Search for him on or just youtube yourself.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:44:19
many thanks for posting, hadn't seen this vid before and I will send it to people from now on when they are interested in what bitcoin is!
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:57:17
if you look to the history of a system and the original intentions of the people who put that system in place, you will get a good idea of what that system was designed to do. 
the origins of the taxation system are deeply rooted in the repression and control of the masses. when kings of old imposed taxes on the population of peasants in their fiefdom, this then lead to the rise of impersonal markets -- what we now call neoliberalism. this was explicitly done because the standing armies these kings commanded needed to be able to spend their money somewhere. peasants were threatened by the state's use of force embodied as the original police forces -- you've most likely heard this story before if you've been raised on the Occident -- Robinhood. Robinhood was the protagonist and the Sheriff of Nottingham was the antagonist. if you didn't pay up come collection time you might as well exile yourself from society or there would be a higher price to pay for you and your family. this became so problematic in these economic systems that debt jubilees were introduced.
the original markets that existed were much more peer-to-peer based. you would extend credit (the etymology of credit is from the latin, credo, which means belief) to your neighbour, believing that the extended belief/trust would always be paid back in an amount of a little less or a little more. this was important since paying back the same amount of credit was symbolic of the relationship ending; no more trust was exchanged. when an economic system fails, you will always see the belief being allocated mainly to the corrupted class that was mainly responsibly for the collapse. this was recently mentioned in Chris Hedge's lecture: 
you have probably by now realized that taxation is literally repressing your ability to vote with xyz belief/trust currency in supposedly free markets (we won't go there for now..eheh). you are said to give up this ability to vote with this credit yourself, to entrust it in someone wiser on your behalf. this spending of belief units translates into what we do as a society at large. if you control the issuance of credit in a belief system, which is required for payments to participate in society, less you be exiled from it, then you can certainly not call this a just system.
don't pigeonhole yourself into thinking that society can only accomplish the construction of systems which solely exist to benefit the people who make up society at large through the taxation system. this argument isn't about profits and how much of whichever profits (capital gains or the sale of your labour) are supposedly reinvested in society's interest; it's about freedom from repressive systems and I really don't think the majority of bitcoin enthusiasts realize this.
if you need some sources and these points have sparked an interest, I'll be happy to point you in the direction of some material that does a very good job of explaining these points.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:44:08
the reason why jrsy85 is angry is because of two things, first ignorance (don't hate me jrsy85 - hear me out) and the second is the presupposition of wealth being created under the current fractional reserve banking/wealth creation system (correct in saying that would make it bad). 
The ignorance relates to not fully understanding why and where taxes came into existence. Long story short, kings and emperors of old wanted to enslave the populous to feed their standing armies. To do this they distributed coins (usually with their face on it) and asked for a percentage of it back through taxes. This forced impersonal market places into existence and it also forced the up until then free public to pay taxes. The first police did not come into existence because societies couldn't deal with those committing mischievous doings; no, they came into existence with the primary intention of enforcing tax payments and belief (re: the etymology of credit) systems. 
Suddenly Robin Hood now comes into full focus and now things make sense.
Vis-a-vis fractional reserve banking: yes you will not crowd fund a major highway if credit is being created as the trojan that is debt and the not yet created further debt (money) to pay the interest. At that point (where we currently are) everyone just thinks about themselves first as it is a game of musical chairs.
My major criticism about bitcoin is that because it's not inherently democratic in it's distribution at creation time, this will need further the need for taxes in the current bitcoin system because wealth must be distributed so that society still functions. You see this today, whether it's food stamps or getting unemployment payments.
Hope this helps bridge the gap between your current discussion.
edit://lethal you don't need to be so condescending like that it's really unbecoming.
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:40:34
interesting reply; you fully admit that your ignorance is bliss and that subscribing your faith (belief) without logic or reason to the legitimacy of the fiat (arbitrary authority) belief (credit) system and its properties (tax system) is your way to proceed. in that one lecture I link to above, Hedges does go on to describe how despite our (those of us from the occident) divorce from most organized religions, we still largely live and an ideological based society -- you very much fit the bill regarding this and based on my anecdotal experience of other people's responses, with whom I've mentioned these facts to too, your response is very much predicted in this sense. So in this festive pagan (yes, it's not christian and has nothing to do with christ) holiday spirit I have also given you a cookie for your honesty.
I do agree with you; if we are to keep the current system, where belief is distributed by centralized authorities in more favourable terms to some legal persons over others, then yes taxation is needed to be able to redistribute belief/credit that arises out of the built-in inequality that is fully known, understood and that will continually exist in our belief system.
because if it is to remain a centralized authority in-charge of collecting and putting tax money to use in the best interest of society, time will tell to what degree corruption will exist -- make no mistake centralized systems always do have corruption and ultimately fail, whether it's that one email server (instead of a distributed cluster/HA setup) or in this case, that one organization of government under the control of a few combined with little transparency.
I might as well add that you, living in the UK, recently had appointed -- not elected -- the previous head of our central bank Mark Carney. why, you ask? because it was under the command of your previous BoE head, Marvin King, that it turned out that Libor rates were completely fraudulently being rigged; essentially the interest rates which determine the price of debt on over 800 trillion financial products were being rigged...ever had a student loan or mortgage?
the FX markets are rigged, XAU markets are rigged....
how are the prices of houses in the UK right now/what are rent prices like? this is of course a rhetorical question -- forgive me. Carney made a massive housing bubble here...is he a creature of habit -- doing the same old, and not willing to change his actions vis-a-vis controlling your belief system and where that credit is being allocated?
I don't understand why most people simply accept these corrupted systems that play a huge role in their daily lives, accept that these systems really do exist, accept their admittedly flawed beliefs while still demanding pragmatic change (re: 'falling on deaf ears'/'too busy', but 'don't think tax system is setup well') and concurrently think the futures of their children and society at large will somehow be better. 
Ultimately I am saddened by your post and I'm sorry my comments fall on deaf ears, but I have come to accept it because the only explaination I have is that the masses explain reality through their beliefs that derive from their blind faith -- their ideology.