@_author: devonne7
@_date: 2015-09-30 01:37:34
My point exactly. lol How successful is it. how much capital did it take to start your business. What are you marketing. Is it Socially acceptable? Do people have the Need to own your product?.. (21)They do. End of conversation lol. Would i BUY 10 refrigerator's if I KNEW people didn't need any? no. lol I wouldn't. So why the hell would 21inc. develop the computer? For the Entirety of the BTC user's? So they can complain about it lol? no. They developed EVERYTHING once again. To Sell to Developer's(TO CREATE THINGS as soon as possible!) or people dealing with business of the sort's buying and selling good's which I really like personally.
@_date: 2015-09-27 08:02:42
and wow. Cool this is how reddit "treats" there new user's OKAY lmao.
And i thought this was a "tight nitch" Community.
@_date: 2015-09-27 07:48:04
Realized you were a shit*y person at "Stopped reading at "My name is Devonne, I’m a South-Florida resident."
@_date: 2015-09-27 23:12:51
hey unfiltered guy. DO YOU run a business at all? Serious question.
@_date: 2015-10-04 06:59:39
lol, oh yeah they disagree with me. but you still haven't told me what your going to build.
"lol How successful is it. how much capital did it take to start your business. What are you marketing. Is it Socially acceptable?
-what does that have to do with what we're talking about? would my words be any more true if I were the CEO of coinbase?" 
It has to do with me pointing out you so far have nothing to prove your real world business expertise.
"(21)They do. End of conversation lol.
well obviously it's not "end of conversation" pretty much everyone here disagrees with u."
Who is everyone your the only one talking to me
"Would i BUY 10 refrigerator's if I KNEW people didn't need any? no. lol I wouldn't. So why the hell would 21inc. develop the computer?
umm, did you mean to say "SELL" instead of "BUY" here. b/c otherwise this doesn't make any sense."
Has to do with the fact that they built them for a pretty good reason. Not because a bunch of internet troll's disagree otherwise with NO VAILID POINT'S LOL and how you were confused with my analogy mind boggles me.
"They developed EVERYTHING once again. To Sell to Developer's(TO CREATE THINGS as soon as possible!) or people dealing with business of the sort's buying and selling good's which I really like personally.
this makes zero sense"
That makes no sense to you because you clearly show some lack of intelligence for how "Real Business" gets done and people spend money.
Especially when they said it can be used in they're promotional video(21) that merchants can buy and sell goods via the online market place.
