@_author: deweydeweydewey_
@_date: 2015-12-04 19:56:26


But that's a really narrow view of the use case. You're trying to apply the same cost/benefit of Bitcoin to private blockchains when it's a different product that solves a different problem. 
 
Why does a private blockchain need to be trusted by anyone other than the participants? A conglomerate of banks could maintain a decentralized ledger that still prevents any single entity from maintaining control, that exists wholly outside of whatever trust lolbertarians put in it. 


Why would a bank, that's already subject to regulations, suddenly not trust themselves because of regulation? 


Really? The only reason a bank can be interested in the latest fad tech is because of a wild conspiracy theory? That's the only thing you can surmise? Maybe it's just as simple as that they want to maintain a distributed and cryptographically verifiable ledger?
@_date: 2015-12-05 18:21:24
Did you even read my comment? I'm not even sure what point you're trying to make. If 3 banks use a private blockchain for maintaining integrity of internal transactions, that's completely irrelevant to whether you trust it. It's still a decentralized trust store. 
There's no advantage to certain players, because it's not meant for you. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 03:38:24


I think you misinterpreted what I meant (although to be fair, re-reading it I wasn't clear in what I said). Any of the criticisms of private blockchains, namely inefficiency, existing technology that solves it better, etc. can all be leveraged against Bitcoin. Private blockchains are also solutions to the Byzantine Generals problem. 


I didn't. You said "Because we've already done this. We did it with AOL in the 90s.". My reading of this was you giving an example of the failure of the walled garden model. My point was, AOL has a market cap bigger than Bitcoin's, so Bitcoin would be lucky to fail like AOL did in the 90s.


Of course the open internet brought significant developments, just as open blockchains have done so far. But you're crazy if you think the development of private networks hasn't also played a huge role in furthering technological innovation.
I don't understand why people see private blockchains as a threat to Bitcoin. They're complementary, and serve entirely different purposes. People seem so afraid of new technology. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 17:23:24
Why is it bullshit?
@_date: 2015-12-04 20:06:39
I'm not sure why you think they don't understand the process. 
All the responses so far have been about how people won't trust private blockchains, it'll succumb to regulations, etc. yet none seem to imagine the possibility that it doesn't matter, because it won't be used for the public anyway. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 03:42:34
Yes, the blockchain is a store of data....
Well, I agree that Bitcoin is mostly useless compared to existing technology, but you missed the point. I don't know what you mean by "That's called a database", because there's lots of different type's of databases. Of which, the blockchain has unique properties compared to say, a traditional, relational database. 
You do know that blockchain's have different properties than traditional stores right? You know that proof of work's and integrity still exists on a private blockchain? You know by default, traditional databases's don't have cryptographic integrity? 
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:06:34


AOL is a 32 year old company that at its peak had 35m subscribers and was one of the largest ISPs in the world. Their current valuation is higher than Bitcoins market cap. 
So I'm not sure how a success in an unrelated market is a predictor of failure in this space, especially given private networks and walled gardens are still popular. 


All block chains are inefficient. Security is predicated on inefficient proof of works. 


Decentralization depends entirely on scope. If 3 banks maintain a blockchain, and each contribute 1/3rd of mining power, it is decentralized for the 3 of them. 
Decentralization doesn't inherently mean anyone can participate, it's that decisions are on a consensus basis. 


That same criticism can be leveraged against Bitcoin. 