@_author: dexjettster
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:25:58
"Under this regulatory regime, money is not destroyed when bank debts are repaid, so increased money hoarding does not cause liquidity traps, instead it increases real interest rates and lowers consumer prices. This is a self-stabilizing cycle as higher interest rates incentivize hoarders to invest, while deflation increases consumption due to the wealth-effect on hoarders."
This is my one main problem with bitcoin.  I think this statement is entirely incorrect.  Increased hoarding will cause the price to rise, which would induce further hoarding.  This amounts to a high interest rate of holding bitcoins rather than investing, so investment would in fact decrease, leading directly to a liquidity trap situation.  This is exacerbated by the fact that bitcoin will naturally appreciate even if the user base is stabilized due to bitcoins being taken out of circulation by people losing them, forgetting about them, etc.  This is exactly why current monetary authorities tend to aim for steady moderate inflation rather than perfectly steady prices.
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:30:40
Wait, do you have a good counterargument to this article?  Because it seems to me that this will be a real issue if bitcoin becomes widely accepted.
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:09:47
It can be if the incentive to simply hold on to currency is stronger than the incentive to invest.  Suppose that bitcoins become more valuable by 10% per year.  Then any investment I make will have to give me at least a 10% return.  This would mean missing out on possibly good investment opportunities for some time, and could hold back economic growth.
In the short run, consequences could be even more evident if the rate of appreciation is very high.  If I expect that my bitcoins will double in value in the next week, I will likely wait to make any purchases as long as I can to get the most out of the bitcoins I currently own.  This can be highly inefficient and is also self reinforcing, since everyone's unwillingness to give up their bitcoins will simply drive the value of bitcoins higher.  It may even become impossible in this scenario to complete any economic transactions.