@_author: dezeyay
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:57:24
Thanks a lot! That is a very complete answer.
@_date: 2019-07-11 11:54:46
Then there is Intel, Google, IBM, Rigetti, USTC, IonQ, IQOQI, NSF STAQ Project, SQC, iARPA, Fujitsu, a bunch of universities, state projects... Well, that's a lot of companies, universities and states with glued on wings..
@_date: 2019-07-11 09:40:49
If you're about to enter a possibly defect airplane, the best strategy would be to bring a parachute instead of just repeating to yourself "Well, I haven't hit the ground yet."
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:18:36
Could be done by soft fork. But the hardest issue is the fact that all users will need to migrate their coins towards newly created quantum resistant addresses. So the security of the circulating supply (and the value of your individual coins) depends on the actions of millions of users. Besides that, lost addresses (people who lost their private key), can't be moved and therefore can't be secured. This is about 20% of BTC total supply. Amongst this, are Satoshi's coins, which is about 1 million BTC. (Not stored on hashed pub key addresses since that was not implemented untill around 2012.) So even though the implementation of a quantum resistant signature scheme is difficult (and will influence BTC performance due to bigger signature size), the actual problem migrating all existing coins.
Re Cardano: wouldn't hold my breath waiting for them to deliver on their buzzword. They are nowhere near fulfilling this promise. BTC and ETH are more seriously exploring QR options then ADA.
QRL on the other hand is a project that uses a QR sig scheme at this point of time. (Launched a year ago.)
@_date: 2019-07-11 09:37:49
Very well argumented. Don't forget to slip "FUD" in your next response.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:37:12


Yeah, BTC can choose to scale too, and yet consensus on how to accomplish this is the difficulty. Implementing a QR sig scheme will have some serious implications due to bigger signature size. Besides that, there are different sig schemes. So consensus on which scheme to use and on how to deal with bigger sig size is going to be a serious discussion. Reaching consensus is going to be a process simular to scaling solutions. 
And after the sig scheme is changed, we're not even half way. All BTC will still be stored on old addresses. For the circulating supply to be protected, all existing BTC needs to be migrated to new quantum resistant addresses. That means that you depend on the actions of millions of users to migrate their coins. Besides that, lost addresses (people who lost their private key), can't be moved and therefore can't be secured. This is about 20% of BTC total supply. Amongst this, are Satoshi's coins, which is about 1 million BTC. (Not stored on hashed pub key addresses since that was not implemented untill around 2012.)  
So it's not the question that is pathetic, but your answer in it's dismissiveness and simplicity of an issue that really needs some serious attention and solution oriented discussion.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:28:19
Google "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts." 
This series explains the issues from a to z including sources.
@_date: 2019-07-05 14:34:49
That video is full of flaws:
He casually mentions at a certain point Satoshi's coins will move. And that then we know a QC exists. Like that won't cause a marketreaction. Besides the 1 mill Satoshi's coins, there is an estimate of 20% of lost coins. (+/- 3.5 mill) Calling that no issue, isn't realisitc.
In the second part he states that Satoshi's coins arent safe because they haven't moved and assumes that they are on hashed pubkey addresses. But he forgets that P2PKH was not implemented back then. The Satoshi coins are on full pubkey addresses and thus vulnerable to quantum hacks.
He's also wrong about the P2PKH protection. Hashed public keys are no protection: It is often said that not reusing addresses would make BTC quantum resistant, which is not true, fully explained in the article "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts. Part 6." (Google that). Lately Pieter Wuille, BTC dev, acknowledged that on twitter. When a transaction is sent to the nodes it can be MITM-ed. Also when it waits in the pool the pubkey can be obtained before the tx is confirmed and a forged tx can be prioritized using high fees. And the third window of opportunity: transactions can be hijacked during blocktime.
And the last mistakte: Mentioning not all coins are vulnerable does only mean that those coins can't be stolen, but it does not mean that after a hack of other coins, the decrease in value doesn't affect the "safe" coins. Because all coins will dump in value due to a hack.
@_date: 2019-07-11 09:34:53
First of all, they do not subsidize QC development on just outside funding, they use own resources too. And sure, Google, IBM, Intel and Microsoft all use buzzwords to get funding for something they doubt they can make work. Like they don't have a name to live up to. You have any idea what it will do to their credibility if they do not live up to this kind of promises? The idea that they will use QC development to gain some short term funding on a mission impossible.. That is a start-up strategy. 
And you think the NSA, NIST, National Academies of Sciences, PQCrypto all fall for some Googel buzzwords? 
You think China is spending billions on QC development just for buzzwords? And all the rest of the worlds funding? All buzzword based? 
If you bet on QC's never being able to run Shor's in any ECDSA breaking manner, you part of a group of people that all bet big time on the "it's real hard" argument. Name a serious organization or company that is part of that group of people.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:10:44
You can use the IBM quantum computer on a cloud. No need to buy one.
@_date: 2019-07-11 10:06:16


Yes, but consensus is needed and not guaranteed to be reached quickly since several options will be presented, all with downsides. And after that all users need to migrate. So the longer there is no clarity on the subject, the more chance that time is going to be an issue.


Check XMSS. Used in QRL, no problem reusing addresses. XMSS will be approved this year or the next by NIST as the first QR sig scheme. 


How will you distinguish lost coins from long term holders? Just by assuming all long term holders will all pay attention to developments and wil act swiftly? Can you be sure that all holders will understand the importance of migrating, while BTC will be marketed from that time as being quantum resistant? You see the discrepanty between both messages? Migrate - vs - BTC is QR. 
I guess you propose a deadline? What timeframe you thinking about? Will it hold up in court if someones BTC is burned anyway? (Devs writing the code will be liable. Intent is proven without a doubt.) Not sure if you realise that burning someones assets is unprecedented? Also remember that losing keys, doesn't mean loss of ownership. Unless I can burn or confiscate your house/ car if you lose your keys?
As to your finnishing argument: not sure if breaking of slightly inferiour cryptography is supposed to be your cue for action. How much time you figure having after that moment? And how much time you figure it would take to go to a full QR BTC? (Including a fully protected circulating supply)
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:25:49


His "best" argument is that building a quantum computer of sufficient scale is real hard. Which makes you wonder why Google, IBM, Intel, Microsoft all think it's possible and spend huge amounts of money on QC development. Also the NSA, NIST, NAS, PQCrypto and other very credible organizations all take the threat seriously and are preparing to move towards quantum resistant cryptography.
@_date: 2019-07-24 12:14:09
Libra is the currency of the corporations? Tf you on about. Libra isn't anything yet.
@_date: 2019-07-05 14:33:58
Can't post the link here, but if you google 
"Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts."
you will find a full article set including sources on the subject.
@_date: 2018-10-07 20:08:54
You haven’t got a clue do you? Shor’s algorithm has already run on a quantum computer. It’s a worldwide billion dollar research industry. Nobody worries about Sha256 and just upgrading ECDSA comes with complications. Scaling, mining and the fact that changing existing keypairs can’t be done automatically in a decentralized system as blockchain.
@_date: 2018-10-07 20:10:48
Andreas should read through the comments in here. He might learn a thing or two.
@_date: 2018-10-07 15:01:20
How does that protect against attack 3 on page 8 of this paper: 
@_date: 2018-10-07 14:49:24
It's not just the satoshi coins. There are more lost addresses (anyone who lost acces to their account) and besides that, not all current users might move their coins to safe addresses. For any current running blockchain that hasn't been quantum resistant from genesis block, there is a risk that a certain % of the circulating supply stays vulnerable to quantum attacks.
@_date: 2018-10-07 14:44:09
[You mean this IOTA?]( Besides the article, also read the comments. These are people with actual knowledge of cryptography talking. 
@_date: 2018-10-07 19:55:54
We talking blockchain here, not banks. Read the comments here and you will see nobody worries about the sha-256. It’s the keypairs that are vulnerable.
@_date: 2018-06-06 10:43:01
First of all. Decades? IBM and Google say within 5-10 years. 
Development is exponential so far: From 5 qubits in 2016, to 50 in 2017, to 72 in beginning 2018. That's a pretty steep curve. Lot's of other things to improve, it won't be there tomorrow, but the development is speeding up. Budgeds grow with the development. IBM, Google, Intel, Microsoft and other specialized companies etc are in on this. Funny you only mentio DWAVE, because DWAVE is a joke. 
 "And a million-physical-qubit system, whose general computing applications are still difficult to even fathom? It’s conceivable, says Neven, “on the inside of 10 years.” " (That is Harmut Neven the head of Google’s quantum computing effort)
 IBM believes quantum computers will be mainstream in 5 years. (Meaning outside of research labs, but not necessarily in livingrooms of the average Joe. And no ammount of qubits mentioned though)
And BTC is vulnerable. Don't depend on wikepidia for info for crying out loud.   So BTC needs to change before quantum computers get to the critical level. 
But even if they manage to change into a quantum secure blockchain, you forget that BTC is a blockchain. And therefore that you can't change, or block a working private key. 
The problem that follows out of that fact is: to protect funds from being hacked by a quantum computer, you would need to use quantum secure private keys. But, scince all existing coins are in addresses that are protected by a non-quantum secure private key, those coins need to be transferred to a quantum secure address with quantum secure private key. Scince that can't be done in a centralized way, owners of BTC would need to transfer their funds to an address with a quantum secure private key **manually**. Meaning: they will have to do so **personally**. Because nobody else has acces but them personally. Scince BTC has been around for quite some time, there are lots of "lost addresses" where owners lost private keys and have no access to their old funds and therefor they would not be able to secure those coins. Which means they will be vulnerable to theft when quantum computers have the needed power, even if BTC becomes quantum secure. 
At current prices the ammount of BTC that would be available could be quite large in $. If you see how much the selling of the MTGox funds influence the price, we're in for a treat if some BTC % will ever be stolen and sold. And there will be FUD added to that effect. 
Also: 
* People who have acces to their BTC, might not move their funds in time. Because they are human beings. 
* Changing BTC to a quantum secure BTC might change the performance of the blockchain in a substantial way. 
* BTC has a hard time improving speed, because --&gt; decentralized. How they ever going to agree on the how and when to change into quantum security? That might not go as smoothly as you think. That is a huge problem if time is a factor. Devolpment op quantum computers might speed up even faster then it did the past few years.
* Could you point out how BTC plans to become quantum secure? Or is it all just theoretical? 
@_date: 2018-06-08 06:29:04
Oh, and another thing, if you as many others are under the delusion that BTC is quantum resistant because an unspend address hasn't revealed it's public key, in reality there is about 36% of all BTC that are on wallets with an exposed publick key: 
Whitch means that in reality it's even more at risk than this paper states: 
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:03:00
It's not that simple. Google these articles:
- An Addition To The Bitcoin Wiki Page On Quantum Computing
- Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:24:41


Exactly, there is no way of knowing wheter these are lost coins or long term holders. Cold storage or whatever. Can't contact the owners, only hope they get the message and feel the urgency.
@_date: 2019-06-27 08:41:01
Oh, I thought that responsibility came with the great power.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:28:53
Yeah, a presidential address and news channels goining in depth about how BTC upgrades it's signature scheme and why users need to personally take action anyway. Also the idea you have the right to delete peoples funds because you expect them to pay attention to a week or a month of media attention..
@_date: 2019-06-26 13:08:16
NSA is migrating towards quantum resistant cryptography since 2015. You really think they forgot about the launch codes?
@_date: 2019-06-26 13:51:03
Eazy centralized update. Decentralized blockchain is a different story. Google "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts. Part 3."
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:20:21
That video is full of flaws:
He casually mentions at a certain point Satoshi's coins will move. And that then we know a QC exists. Like that won't cause a marketreaction. Besides the 1 mill Satoshi's coins, there is an estimate of 20% of lost coins. (+/- 3.5 mill) Calling that no issue, isn't realisitc.
In the second part he states that Satoshi's coins arent safe because they haven't moved and assumes that they are on hashed pubkey addresses. But he forgets that P2PKH was not implemented back then. The Satoshi coins are on full pubkey addresses and thus vulnerable to quantum hacks.
He's also wrong about the P2PKH protection. Hashed public keys are no protection: It is often said that not reusing addresses would make BTC quantum resistant, which is not true, fully explained in the article "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts. Part 6." (Google that). Lately Pieter Wuille, BTC dev, acknowledged that on twitter. When a transaction is sent to the nodes it can be MITM-ed. Also when it waits in the pool the pubkey can be obtained before the tx is confirmed and a forged tx can be prioritized using high fees. And the third window of opportunity: transactions can be hijacked during blocktime.
And the last mistakte: Mentioning not all coins are vulnerable does only mean that those coins can't be stolen, but it does not mean that after a hack of other coins, the decrease in value doesn't affect the "safe" coins. Because all coins will dump in value due to a hack.
@_date: 2019-06-26 13:58:48
Why would fiat have less defence agains quantum computing? Centralized systems upgrade with less issues than decentralized blockchain. And as to blockchain upgrading: all users will need to act and existing chains will never be able to protect 100% of their circulating supply due to lost addresses. 
Google these articles:
- An Addition To The Bitcoin Wiki Page On Quantum Computing
- Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:20:02
NSA is migrating towards quantum resistant cryptography since 2015. You think they forgot about the nuke  launchcodes?? More importantly, all these systems like banks and email etc are centralized and less of a hussle to upgrade. Blockchain is decentralized which brings a lot of issues. This makes upgrading way more complicated and the timeframe whitin which this is possible a lot longer. Google these articles:
- An Addition To The Bitcoin Wiki Page On Quantum Computing
- Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts.
And as to the "if they got it, they won't use it" argument: If they secretly got it, we won't know it exists and the argument probably stands. But if this is publicly, then ECDSA is publicly know to be broken, no way in hell people will use any system that still uses that to store value.
@_date: 2019-06-27 07:56:33
I point out the facts, include sources and connect the dots. You are to hung up on credentials. That's why you follow antonopoulos blindly even though he contradicts himself in the video. If you read the article series I mention, you get the full picture I think. 
As far as credentials go, check out the tweet from Pieter Wuille and listen to the interview from whatbitcoindid with Andrew Poelstra mentioned in the article "An Addition To The Bitcoin Wiki Page On Quantum Computing" on medium. (Somehow I can't link the articles here. Post will be blocked. So you'll have to google them.)
ps. if you react straight to my answer, I can see you reacted instead of coinsidentally notice you were talking to me. :)
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:18:14
Well, a straight thought would be that BTC devs take the responsibility then..
@_date: 2019-06-26 13:54:36
That video is full of flaws:
He casually mentions at a certain point Satoshi's coins will move. And that then we know a QC exists. Like that won't cause a marketreaction. Besides the 1 mill Satoshi's coins, there is an estimate of 20% of lost coins. (+/- 3.5 mill) Calling that no issue, isn't realisitc.
In the second part he states that Satoshi's coins arent safe because they haven't moved and assumes that they are on hashed pubkey addresses. But he forgets that P2PKH was not implemented back then. The Satoshi coins are on full pubkey addresses and thus vulnerable to quantum hacks.
He's also wrong about the P2PKH protection. Hashed public keys are no protection: It is often said that not reusing addresses would make BTC quantum resistant, which is not true, fully explained in the article "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts. Part 6." (Google that). Lately Pieter Wuille, BTC dev, acknowledged that on twitter. When a transaction is sent to the nodes it can be MITM-ed. Also when it waits in the pool the pubkey can be obtained before the tx is confirmed and a forged tx can be prioritized using high fees.
And the third window of opportunity: transactions can be hijacked during blocktime.
And the last mistakte: Mentioning not all coins are vulnerable does only mean that those coins can't be stolen, but it does not mean that after a hack of other coins, the decrease in value doesn't affect the "safe" coins. Because all coins will dump in value due to a hack.
@_date: 2019-06-27 07:41:12
BTC is not takeing that responsibility though.
@_date: 2019-06-27 11:20:12
Lol you living in a fantasy brahbrehbro
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:05:04
Because it's a buzzkiller. Lable it as FUD and make some more short term gains. 
If you're really interested, Google these articles (not allowed to link them here.):
- An Addition To The Bitcoin Wiki Page On Quantum Computing
- Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts.
@_date: 2019-06-27 13:44:40
Was talking about the absence of devs bribrah
@_date: 2019-06-28 08:25:51


Stepan Snigirev really lacks knowledge on the subject. [See this tweet conversation]( Read the paper he provides in the tweet. The risk could be as soon as 2027 according to that paper. Also it explains in detail how BTC is at risk by in flight hijacking. And yet he provides that paper as if it backs up a claim that there is nothing to worry about... I also recommend reading the provided article set.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:03:19
That video is full of flaws:
He casually mentions at a certain point Satoshi's coins will move. And that then we know a QC exists. Like that won't cause a marketreaction. Besides the 1 mill Satoshi's coins, there is an estimate of 20% of lost coins. (+/- 3.5 mill) Calling that no issue, isn't realisitc.
In the second part he states that Satoshi's coins arent safe because they haven't moved and assumes that they are on hashed pubkey addresses. But he forgets that P2PKH was not implemented back then. The Satoshi coins are on full pubkey addresses and thus vulnerable to quantum hacks.
He's also wrong about the P2PKH protection. Hashed public keys are no protection: It is often said that not reusing addresses would make BTC quantum resistant, which is not true, fully explained in the article "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts. Part 6." (Google that). Lately Pieter Wuille, BTC dev, acknowledged that on twitter. When a transaction is sent to the nodes it can be MITM-ed. Also when it waits in the pool the pubkey can be obtained before the tx is confirmed and a forged tx can be prioritized using high fees. And the third window of opportunity: transactions can be hijacked during blocktime.
And the last mistakte: Mentioning not all coins are vulnerable does only mean that those coins can't be stolen, but it does not mean that after a hack of other coins, the decrease in value doesn't affect the "safe" coins. Because all coins will dump in value due to a hack.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:27:43
It's the user of the quantum computer that knows the rules and will eventually be able to use it to crack the signature scheme. [Page 8 point 3 of this paper]( explains how this would work if BTC doesn't upgrade to a quantum resistant signature scheme. Besides that there are attacks on addresses with exposed public keys, attacks on transactions waiting to be added to a block and MITM attacks on transactions before they reach the nodes.
@_date: 2019-01-16 18:48:49
So you got quotes from Intel, Google, IBM and Microsoft, four of the biggest companies in Quantum computing development, but you ask Redditors for an opinion on whether or nott this is realistic? :)
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:40:49
The estimate is this could be done within 10 minutes as soon as 2027. Here the paper on that estimate and how it would effect all BTC transactions due to the fact transactions could be hijacked during the 10 min blocktime.
And if you would want to crack the Satoshi addresses you would have all the time you need because these are on addresses with full public keys exposed, so no 10 min time limit. So these addresses and [all other lost addresses that total up to 20% of the circulating supply]( would be vulnerable before that time.
@_date: 2019-01-09 14:04:44
It's not just the blocktimes though. Transactions don't  get immediately added to a block and then the blocktime starts. Especially when there are more transactions added than the max capacity of BTC can handle. Transactions will be waiting to be added. Sometimes for quite a while. Smaller blocktimes don't solve that. The window of opportunity is way bigger then just the blocktime.
Then MITM attacks are a way to hijack and delay or stop the transactions before they reach the network. This is an even bigger problem since there is no changes you can make in the blockchain to prevent this. Besides implementing quantum resistant signature schemes. 
And "Satoshi keys may magically transfer". Yeah maybe someone still has access. Highly unlikely, you could sheepishly follow Wright there. But then there are a lot of other lost addresses. It's not just the Satoshi addresses. Or does Craig claim there are no lost addresses at all? We all know that's bs.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:55:04
Even if a few 100 of BTC get stolen. The news would be "BTC got hacked." And that would be accurate. If BTC would have upgraded to a quantum resistant signature scheme, it would mean that all new BTC addresses are quantum restant. So the improved BTC would not be vulnerable to a hack though. That detail, I predict, will get lost in the media and "BTC got hacked." Is what will stick. It will cause a dump. 
For a hacker this is gold, he would know in advance this is happening and will have shorted the hell out of BTC. So any smart hacker would steal BTC (whether a 100 or a million doesn't matter, same strategy would apply) and then slow sell for maximum value, after which he will dump the last 10% and expose the hack to as many media platforms possible with proof of the hack. Then he would make a shitload on his shorts too.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:58:15
It's useless if it doesn't protect the whole circulating supply. All coins must be protected by quantum resistant keys. If not, other coins will get stolen. And that will be known. And that will cause a dump and will devalue the coins that are stored on a "safe"address.
@_date: 2019-01-03 07:43:34
That is not a solution. 384 bit curves would mean a quantum computer with 3484 qubits instead of 2330 qubits could break the signature scheme. That is not even double and postpones the problem either half a year or one year, depending which estimate you take. (Doubling of qubits every year, or every two years). It does however have the same problems as a real solution. 
I seriously doubt they give this issue the attention it should have. They should do some serious research on QC development expectations and expected timeline. Also a timeline assesment has to be made of all the works to be done on blockchain etc. The changes in the blockchain itself, the supporting systems, the exchanges, the migration of users coins. It's not simply a core framework upgrade, all aspects of the project will end up needing an upgrade. And only after the signature scheme is implemented and thouroughly tested, the supporting systems that allow the blockchain to operate will also need to be upgraded. Software wallets, hardware wallets, block explorers, mining operations, pools... anything connected to an API and more will also need a brush up of code to be compliant with the new changes. Then one or more external audits are recommendable. All nodes need to upgrade --&gt; consensus. Chances are slim due to the fact it's just a very temporary solution with the downside of bigger signature sizes and all the negative consequences. Then exchanges will also need to adapt to the new chain. And for example for a blockchain like Bitcoin and Ethereum, this is going to be extra complex as they need to fully disable their old signature scheme. After that all users will need to move their coins to the new addresses to enjoy the newly upgraded protection of the new scheme. None of the lost addresses will be protected by this because nobody can move those coins.
All these steps take time. Estimates need to be made fo reach step. There's a lot of money at stake.
And then quite soon after that, they'll have to go at it again. What they will do next? Go for 512 bit curves? Same issues.
It's just patchworks. And all the period a real solution is being postponed, more addresses will be lost and it will result in a bigger percentage of lost coins vulnerable for ever.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:46:17
There are 4 ways of funds being on an address with exposed pub keys:
- Bitcoin transactions with P2PK UTXOs (about 1.77 million BTC fall into this category) ( p. 7) 
- Reusing addresses which was common back in the days when BTC was worth quite a bit less.
- Bitcoin users publishing their public key on a Bitcoin fork, e.g. Bitcoin Cash [1] or Bitcoin Gold [2]. ( p. 7)
- Any other revealing of public keys, such as part of signed messages to ensure integrity, in forums, or in payment channels (e.g. Lightning Network [51]). ( p. 7)
How many of the lost addresses have exposed keys is the big question. But the Satoshi addresses as you mentioned above, have their public keys fully published and contain about 1 million coins. You got downvoted for that earlier, but you're right. That is going to be a problem.
@_date: 2019-01-09 08:35:52
It's 3.79 million. And that's still an estimate, [but at least there is a motivated analysis.]( And besides that the there is another interesting fact: recently someone did some actual research and found [that 36% of the addresses have full pub keys published.]( 
@_date: 2019-09-02 07:02:27
Quantum computers are not expected to be able to outhash classical computers. But they are expected to eb able to find the private once the public key is known. That would kill BTC as we know it. Upgrading will come with huge challenges. See for full explanation and analysis the article set "Quantum resistant blockchain and cryptocurrency, the full analysis in seven parts." (Can't link it here, just google it.) In part 3 is explained why quantum computers are not expected to have an advantage in outhashing classical computers.
@_date: 2019-09-02 07:03:53
QRL has been launched over a year ago. Quantum resistant and adding more functionality as we speak.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:13:16
[About 20% of btc is lost.]( That is about 3,something mln coins, around $20 Billion.
If all or a big portion of the frozen/lost coins will be stolen this might be the risk:
- Remember MtGox? That was 850,000 stolen coins valued at more than $450 million at the time. Remember what that did to the market and the value of BTC? If quantum computers can take the BTC in non quantum secure addresses, the ammount of BTC will be quite a bit bigger then with MtGox. You think the value of your coins will not be affected?
- It's not just the fact that stolen coins will possibly flood the market being sold. It's the paninc that comes with it and will cause even more people to sell. 
And by the way, you say people who still got access to their BTC will just move them to quantum-proof address format. But that quantum proof address doesn't exist without a fork. So it should be done through a fork.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:47:15
For both solutions there are issues to work out:
a) If you want to burn unclaimed BTQ, you will need to give people enough time to claim their BTQ. If not, you will destroy the credibility of Bitcoin (Then BTQ). I mean if a decentralized system like BTC destroys your holdings because you somehow missed the announcement(s), or didn't understand what had to be done, or whatever else may be the reason you haven't qlaimed your BTQ in time, it kind of destroys the whole idea BTC started with right? 
Besides the broken trust, there will be lawsuits. The good name would be smeared if this would not be handled the right way. So just burn them without risking rightfull owners to lose their holdings is easier said then done in my opinion and most definitely takes time. 
So giving people enough time is a must I think, but time might be running out because the development of quantum computers doesn't wait for people to claim their BTQ.
Also, how this quantum proofing will be implemented, in what shape, will be an issue. There will need to be consensus, or BTC will fork into a few different BTQ's. There might be multiple options on the table. 
The biggest question is: what will be the value of BTQ? It won't automatically be the same as BTC was before the fork. Looking at past forks the value will be way less. Or am I wrong here? Not exactly what we are looking for I think.
b) "nodes agree on a block # beyond witch they will reject any transaction coming from pre-quantum addresses, effectively burning away all unclaimed funds." But in this case, using a quantum computer, you can just acces the BTC in old addresses and transfer the funds to post-quantum addresses and then do with them as you please. There won't be any burning done then, will there?
Also here goes that how this quantum proofing will be implemented, (in what shape), will be an issue. There will need to be consensus. There might be multiple options on the table. Like right now, improving transaction speed.. It's not a smooth process improving BTC. Forking to BTQ might not go as smooth either. And again, time might be the biggest enemy then.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:42:49
Ah ok I see so indeed same result as burning unclaimed BTQ in the sense that you loose your funds if you to late to act. Unlike most of the people commenting in this post think, it’s a difficult problem to solve.
@_date: 2019-05-08 12:27:11
This is like jumping off a brige without a parachute because you're safe as long as you haven't hit the ground yet.
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:15:26
The timeline in that link is outdated. 2023 years seems a bit fast, expectations from Google are within a decade. But better safe than sorry. 
Security-wise there are 2 choices:
* Either you say nothing will come of it in the next decade and just continue the path you would without quantum computing.
* Or you start looking for a backup plan where you seek post quantum cryptography options and make sure you have a plan ready just in case.
Both could be right, both could be wrong. But the consequences of a wrong are a bit more extreme for one of the choices. Especially if users of certain services have a lot at stake. Governments, banks, e-mail servers, cryptocurrency, anything carrying value or lots of secret or private info. Being wrong while choosing option 1 means we would be in trouble. Being wrong in option 2, means we did some work for nothing.
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:54:35
You are wrong here. P2PKH is Pay-to-pubkeyhash. Meaning the hashed pubkey is you address instead of the full pubkey. This is done to safe space, not to become quantum resistant. So P2PKH was not chosen for this reason. Receiving funds doesn't reveil the pubkey, but making a transaction is not possible without revealing your pubkey. Private-public key signature schemes, as all blockchains use, need to sign transactions so nodes can verify the transactions. Signing is done by using the private key, and verifying the signature is done by providing the original pubkey together with the signature that belongs to the transaction. So to receive funds on your address, you don't need to show your original private key. But to spend funds, you do include your original public key in the transaction. So during a transaction your transaction can be hijacked as explained here: 
@_date: 2018-12-29 10:47:43
Yeah, then you have BTCQuantum and BTC and possibly BTCQuantumB and BTCQuantumC since there are more than 1 quantum resistant signature schemes available. And BTC itself would still not be quantum resistant. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 16:01:29
This is just the weirdes kind of logic. A hacker stealing BTC with a quantum computer and selling it, after which he would Short BTC and  then puposely start some market mayhem by exposing his hack to make sure his Shorts are profitable... Sure, this is priced in, just won't affect the market. Okidoki.
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:18:56
And still have 20% of the circulating supply vulnerable due to the fact these coins can't be moved because np pne can access them.
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:27:56
Centralisation does make it easyer to upgrade. No consensus needed and the centralized entity can enable old keys and replace them with quantum resistant keys unlike in decentralized systems. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:07:43
It's not about sha256. It's about breaking ECDSA using Shor's. See  and 
Here is explained how BTC would be at risk:  Page 8, point 3 is what you should be looking at.
@_date: 2018-12-19 20:52:08
Ok, I didn’t know he did that with Quantum computers in mind. [It doesn’t work unfortunately.]( Page 8, point 3 is where the issue is explained.
There would be 4 ways of funds being on an address with exposed pub keys: 
* Reusing addresses. 
* Bitcoin transactions with P2PK UTXOs (about 1.77 million BTC fall into this category) ( p. 7)
* Bitcoin users publishing their public key on a Bitcoin fork, e.g. Bitcoin Cash [1] or Bitcoin Gold [2]. ( p. 7)
* Any other revealing of public keys, such as part of signed messages to ensure integrity, in forums, or in payment channels (e.g. Lightning Network [51]). ( p. 7)
[In total, about 36% of all BTC are on addresses with exposed public keys. (At the time of writing the post this is linked to)](
[Of which about 20% is on lost addresses.]( And [here.](
So if every single user would move their funds to a quantum resistant address after a BTC update to quantum resistant signature scheme (but considering human nature, I don’t think that’s a very realistic expectation), there would still be 20% of the total circulating supply vulnerable. 
A quantum algorithm uses quantum qualities like quantum entanglement and quantum superpositions. This is a great short explanation:  (Found [here](
“An example of a quantum algorithm is Shor's algorithm, which can be used to find the prime factors of an integer. On a classical computer, this factorization process runs in NP (nondeterministic polynomial) time, which means that the harder the problem becomes, the exponentially longer it takes. However, on a quantum computer it is performed in polynomial time making the problem scale linearly rather than exponentially, so factoring a very large number does not become unfeasible. Most modern cryptographic ciphers are based on the assumption that factoring large polynomials is an NP time problem. Thus, very large numbers are not factorable given a reasonable amount of time and a reasonable number of resources. However, Shor's algorithm, performed on a quantum computer, could theoretically break any such encryption because the large numbers could be factored in polynomial time.”
[Shor’s algorithm](
[Shor’s on ECDSA](
[Shor himself explains here]( that it takes fewer steps, not just faster calculations, which results in extremely faster outcomes. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 11:49:54
But at a certain point of time [you would not be able to spend coins at all]( The transactions will be hijacked. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:35:36
It's actually 79 qubits at this point of time: 
@_date: 2018-12-28 20:26:47
No it's not. The signature scheme is the weak link. ECDSA. A quantum computer can derive the private key from the public key. The fact that only hased ublic keys are published doesn't matter. Because when you make a transaction, your public key is included in the transaction you send. So as soon as you send a transaction your full public key is known. In the pool for as long as it takes until a miner includes it in the block. And then for the full 10 min block time. That is when your transaction can be hijacked. [See here for full explanation](
@_date: 2018-12-28 11:42:31
Of the 36%, [20% consists of lost addresses]( which means those can never be moved to safe addresses. If hacked, that would cause a dump. If hacked, and dumped, that would cause an even bigger dump. Just the fact that 20% of BTC would be vulnerable to theft will be enough to be of great concern. It would not even take a criminal act to profit of the vulnerability. One could just short the hell out of BTC and then publice a paper with proof BTC could be hacked at a that point of time. The media would run wild with that story. The shorting of BTC at that moment could earn you more than an actual theft. 
The fact that people actually think it's allright that a % of BTC will be vulnerable, and that their personal coins won't be affected in value is just the weirdest kind of logic.
@_date: 2019-05-14 12:47:40
[This is what people with knowedge on the subject say about that article.](
[This is an article rebutting the article you just posted.](
These are prediction from creddible companies in the field:
* Intel: [“It should be about 5 years to 1000 qubit chips with superconducting technology. It should be about 10 years to million qubit chips.”](
* Google: [“And a million-physical-qubit system, whose general computing applications are still difficult to even fathom? It’s conceivable, says Neven, “on the inside of 10 years.” “ (That is Harmut Neven of Google’s quantum computing effort)](
* [IBM believes quantum computers will be mainstream in 5 years.]( (Meaning outside of research labs, but not necessarily in livingrooms of the average Joe. And no amount of qubits mentioned though)
* Microsoft: [“Five years from now, we will have a commercial quantum computer,”]( says Microsoft’s Holmdahl.
* And those are just the commercial companies. [The pentagon sees quantum computing as the next arms race. China is about to pump $10 Billion in a research centre.]( They won’t be open about their developments as Google etc. It’s not a bad idea to start looking for solutions and new opportunities in blockchain.
* [This paper estimates ECDSA being at risk as soon as 2027.](
Also, the timeframe a risk will emerge is unpredictable. Claiming all is going to be just fine and ridiculing any discussion and analysis to be looking into any quantum resistant solutions is a huge risk. Some very creddible organisations advice to take this serious:
* NSA: "prepare for the upcoming quantum resistant algorithm transition.” 
* National Academy of Sciences: Even if the threat might materialize later: prepare now. 
* NIST: There is unlikely to be a simple “drop-in” replacement for our current public-key cryptographic algorithms. "this transition needs to take place well before any large-scale quantum computers are built" 
* PQCrypto (EU) "figure these things out before somebody builds a quantum computer"
@_date: 2018-12-28 11:46:35
Apparently you have read somewhere there is an actual plan with specifics in the making? What are the specifics? And could you provide a link? 
How will they be planning to handle the ost addresses like the satoshi funds?
@_date: 2018-12-19 09:40:29
You could call it brute force, but not in the traditinal sense. So not in the sense that they try all possible options to get into a wallet or to get a transaction confirmed. Then a delay would be effective, but since that's not how the private key is found, it doesn't work as a way of protection. You find the private key purely by using math, and only then you use it and try (and succeed) to forge the transaction. Besides calculationpower it also is a different type of functioning that makes quantum algoritms effective. So I'm not sure if brute forcing is an accurate descirpion at all.
I read a good explanation of how Shor's breaks elliptic curve cryptography. I'll look that up and post it here later.
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:02:44
At this point of time there is no bridge. It's worth considering how to build the bridge before the need arises to cross one.
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:39:40
Don't see it as hacking. See it as solving a mathematical problem. That's what Shor's algorithm is good at on a quantum computer. Private- public key cryptography is maths. You don't need to log into a wallet, or have any nodes to confirm a transaction to check if you found the right private key. You could say you use ECDSA against itself. You use the ECDSA algorithm to check if you got the right pair. Only then when you found the right private key, you use it to create a forged transaction.
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:00:21
Pretty much the entire internet consists of centralized systems. Upgrading those is an entirely different ballgame. And upgrading centralized systems will quite likely happen behind user interface. You won't be needing to transfer your money to a different account in your bank. It's just not the same.
Blockchain, being decentralized will need consensus. All nodes will need to upgrade, or you will have a split chain. After that all users will need to move their funds to a safe address manually. The lost addresses, which exist in every existing blockchain that has already launched gnenesis block without post quantum signarures, is for BTC about 20% of the circulating supply, will be vulnerable to quantum theft for ever.
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:17:38
Biggest gains would be made by stealing BTC, slowly selling them for max value, then follow up by shorting the hell out of it, make the hack public and sell the last 10% at once at the same time, causing a dump and panic and make a buckload extra through the shorting action.
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:21:33
It would need consensus though. All nodes need to upgrade. Then all users need to migrate their coins from the old addresses to the quantum resistant addresses. Satoshi coins and other lost addresses won't be migrated and stay vulnerable.
@_date: 2018-12-20 12:13:12
Yeah, RSA would be at risk with a quantum computer with about double the amount qubits that it would take for ECDSA. So a bit later.
If you are interested in a solution for blockchain, you should check out QRL. It's a blockchain which uses the quantum resistant signature scheme XMSS.
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:05:33
Not so cool, your coins will be locked for 6 months.
@_date: 2018-12-19 09:27:40
We need scaling solutions too, but how to get there is where the discussion is about and where consensus becomes a problem. 
Same goes for going quantum resistant. There are several Quantum Resistant signature schemes. All with different properties. Downsides and upsides. Same as with scaling, different options and different people have different interests. Economic interests or interests from a purist BTC point of view, these interests don't always match. Consensus on the question if BTC will need to go quantum resistant is easy. Consensus on how and when to act is what will be the issue. 
The "how" question is something to seriously start thinking about. Ofcourse post quantum cryptography is still in development, and the NIST project is in process. But there are quite a few sig schemes available. QRL already used XMSS and is up and running so it's possible to go QR right now. The NIST submissions of round one are known, and round two is around the corner. So a selection process can be started. 
The "when" question is going to be an issue that we shouldn't underestimate as a problem for consensus. QR sig schemes have downsides. People with short term interests will want to postpone as long as possible. But is that the best decision? When will quantum computers form an actual risk? Right now that's just guessing. We kind of can keep track of developments of IBM, Google, Microsoft, Intel, Regetti, IonQ etc. But these also have commercial interests and won't be fully open on development. Besides that governments have huge interests in keeping their personal developments secret. 
Doing nothing right now is a terrible choice imo. Even worse is pretending there won't be any problems, "the devs will figure it out." so lets not speak about this subject and just label it FUD. 
And the biggest problem is the lost addresses. Satoshi funds is the biggest bag of that category. These can never be protected. No one has access to those funds, and no one can move those funds to QR addresses. 
There is a lot to think and talk about, but whenever the subject is brought up it's downvoted and labeled as FUD. I think that really needs to change. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 20:11:51
? It's this link. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 20:30:21
51 attack isn't the threat. Hijacking transactions is the problem. [ECDSA will be broken using Shor's.](
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:13:37
5 to 10 years is actually the expectation form the companies who do the works:
*  "It should be about 5 years to 1000 qubit chips with superconducting technology. It should be about 10 years to million qubit chips."
*  "And a million-physical-qubit system, whose general computing applications are still difficult to even fathom? It’s conceivable, says Neven, “on the inside of 10 years.” " (That is Harmut Neven of Google’s quantum computing effort)
*  IBM believes quantum computers will be mainstream in 5 years. (Meaning outside of research labs, but not necessarily in livingrooms of the average Joe. And no ammount of qubits mentioned though)
*  “Five years from now, we will have a commercial quantum computer,” says Holmdahl.
* And those are just the commercial companies. The pentagon sees quantum computing as the next arms race. China is about to pump $10 Billion in a research centre. They won't be open about their developments as Google etc. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:10:02
[Here is explained how it actually is possible.](
@_date: 2018-12-18 16:00:01
No it doesn't. There is no input. It's math being done out of the network. You can calculate the private key without ever trying it on a wallet or a transaction. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:02:50
All nodes need to upgrade though, same thing. If the majority decides not to go along with the new signature scheme, it's just not happening. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:29:32
 "It should be about 5 years to 1000 qubit chips with superconducting technology. It should be about 10 years to million qubit chips."
 "And a million-physical-qubit system, whose general computing applications are still difficult to even fathom? It’s conceivable, says Neven, “on the inside of 10 years.” " (That is Harmut Neven of Google’s quantum computing effort)
 IBM believes quantum computers will be mainstream in 5 years. (Meaning outside of research labs, but not necessarily in livingrooms of the average Joe. And no ammount of qubits mentioned though)
 “Five years from now, we will have a commercial quantum computer,” says Holmdahl.
And those are just the commercial companies. The pentagon sees quantum computing as the next arms race. China is about to pump $10 Billion in a research centre. They won't be open about their developments as Google etc. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 15:52:40
Well, Satoshi coins are in addresses with full pub keys and vulnerable. That's about a million BTC. Those being stolen would crash the market.
And as to [this analysis]( 20% is lost, by using use age and transaction metrics to work out which Bitcoin haven’t been moved in a very long time. You could assume that most of the 20% has only hased pub keys published. But since [recently someone did some actual research and found that 36% of the addresses have full pub keys published]( assuming that the majority of the 20% lost addresses are unmoved is a bit far fetched.
And you almost seem to imply that only P2PK addresses are vulnerable. There are more ways to expose pubkeys:
There are 4 ways of funds being on an address with exposed pub keys:
* Beside Bitcoin transactions with P2PK UTXOs (about 1.77 million BTC fall into this category) ( p. 7) there are 3 other options to expose pub keys:
* Reusing addresses which was common back in the days when BTC was worth quite a bit less.
* Bitcoin users publishing their public key on a Bitcoin fork, e.g. Bitcoin Cash [1] or Bitcoin Gold [2]. ( p. 7)
* Any other revealing of public keys, such as part of signed messages to ensure integrity, in forums, or in payment channels (e.g. Lightning Network [51]). ( p. 7)
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:33:05
It's not bruteforcing where you try all the possible private keys. If that would be the case, the 10 min blocktime would be sufficient wouldn't you agree? It's using a mathematical arlgorithm to find the private key to a public key. See here: 
@_date: 2018-12-28 12:06:32
[Your coins will be locked for six months, that is terrible.]( What is proposed is this: A quantum resistant signature scheme is implemented. A user creates a quantum resistant wallet and as a result he has a quantum resistant keypair. Then he publishes a commitment where he publishes the hash of both his old public key and his new quantum resistant public key and the amount he wants to send to this new quantum resistant key. Since this is published in hashed form, no one can read the info of this commitment. Any further attempted use of
this keypair without pointing to the published commit, would fail in accordance with the new protocol rules. Now after he has done this, in a future spending, he can point in his transaction to the earlier published commitment and proof he is the owner of the funds because only he could have published this hash of the committed transaction from old public key to new public key. After all the old public key was only known to him. Now to make sure no one can hijack the second transaction, and reorganize blocks in such a way that he can forge a published commitment. In the paper is calculated that the feasibility of block reorganization attacks, such as 51% attacks or selfish mining attacks requiring a smaller fraction of the overall computational power, is significantly increased for quantumcapable adversarie. So to prevent the block reorganization, there has to be a delay fase. So after the commitment is published, you would have to wait for a certain period before you can safely spent your funds to prevent the possibility of block reorganization. This period is calculated to be 6 months. Yeah … that is a period of six months.
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:23:21
How would you propose to make BTC and it's whole circulating supply quantum resistant?