@_author: df242342342
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:42:50
agreed.. it's a method that has existed for a long time but remains relatively unknown.. I guess because it doesn't benefit any of the bitcoin startups that kindof control the forums and also that it's in the ukraine ("I'm not giving my CC to scary eastern european hackers!").. 
Having said that though the process is pretty tricky to explain and I forgot to mention one other important thing.. when I did it my bank initially blocked the transactions because of fraud concerns! This often happens when using my CC though.. I think they pretty much do it whenever they see online transactions that aren't something mainstream like amazon.com.
I had to phone them and tell them to stop blocking liqpay and then repeat the process before it finally worked.. so yeah.. it's not that hard, but it's hard enough that most people don't use it I guess.
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:19:41
You can deposit to btc-e.com easily using a USD credit card via the ukranian liqpay.com service. Contact btc-e support and ask for their liqpay deposit number (liqpay processing is an entirely manual process still). Then transfer money from your CC to the number using liqpay and quoting your btc-e.com username as the reference.
The only complicated bit is that liqpay.. it's in russian (though there's an english version of the site parts of the english translation haven't been properly or in some cases at all translated).. and their CC verification system is a bit weird.. basically when you link your card they will authorize a small debit from your CC -- this will reduce your available credit for a while but never shows up on your statement. 
Somehow you need to figure out how much they authorized and enter the amount on their verification form in order to prove you own the card.. there are a few ways to do this.. if your credit card website lets you see your realtime available balance you can check it right before doing the liqpay card linking and then again right after and compare the difference.. that difference is that amount you enter on the liqpay form (without any decimal point - just the digits).. if that doesn't work (and this is the method they actually suggest); you should contact your CC's support by phone and directly ask them 'how much did liqpay authorize to my card'. Anyway.. once you've got that done you can just send money to btc easily from your CC (or visa/mastercard debit card).. btc-e.com only charges a 1% fee and it takes around a day or two to show up on your btc-e.com balance (it's a manual process). liqpay doesn't appear to charge anything itself - so this is actually a really great way to buy btc.. it's really only the liqpay aspect that scares a lot of people off I guess.. 
Another exchange that also accepts liqpay is bitcoin-24.com -- they prepared this tutorial on using liqpay.. it's not very good either but might help;  - the process is the same for btc-e.com - just send to a different deposit number.
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:08:22
any yet there they sit in a warehouse - wasting the most profitable time they could be used :p