@_author: dfaser41
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:54:15
Knowing Mastercard, this (Xapo) isn't going to happen.
@_date: 2014-04-20 08:55:57
Addicted people get addicted to drugs because they often get introduced to such drugs via dealers they meet physically, who highest priority is the almighty dollar.
When you shop from an online bazaar (such as SR), then you break any such association. When someone shops on an online place they are not prodded and poked to try a little crystal meth or similar, they just get what they want.
Also, online places tend to carry lots of instructions on any safety precautions to do any such drugs, which is unfortunately a strong failing (or rather success, if you look at it another way) of the current system.
In that the current system does not educate people about drugs, they just try to instill fear in people, which drives tax diversion to military and police ends, and keeps the prices higher for the drug lords (and gives excuses for and funds wars).
Here's an ironic side point, did you know that the UK is far behind on cannabis laws compared to the US and the rest of Europe and other places around the world, but is the only government to give a liscence to a (for profit) company to grow as much as they want as strong they want (sativex).
Anyway, I digress .. an online marketplace provides a non-confrontational, non-violent, customer orientated service. Remember, the dealer on street has no online page with a long list of recommendations or warnings, whereas the online seller is subservient to his reputation which is a lot harder to build up than destroy.
Dealers on the street, the end rule of law is the law of security, who ever has the most guns (or most people), the law of the marketplace is vastly different.
To be honest, the drug war is just a subsection economy war, which is a part of the primary war, the war of control. 
Ending the drug war boosts the economy for the masses (look at Colorado already) and gives more freedom for the people. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:19:22
You're clearly talking from a lack of a lot of experience and research into this area. I'll just stick my 20+ years experience/research and you stick to whatever fantasy you have.