@_author: dfdaf24132131
@_date: 2016-04-20 14:27:13
fidorbank.uk is for UK residents only. They require proof of address (in the UK) and passport scan uploads to complete registration.. but that is all done online (ie, remotely) since they have no bank branches. They also test the UK address by sending an activation code through the post that you need to reenter.
@_date: 2016-04-20 13:14:34
IMO the best way is to get a  current account (for £2.49 SEPA transfers) and then use kraken.com in EUR.
@_date: 2016-04-26 15:24:35
it might have implications for the mtgox bankruptcy process..
@_date: 2016-04-26 15:46:15
It would be interesting to send BTC denominated transactions over the VISA network.. 
@_date: 2016-04-25 00:32:04
Not using GBP is a good way to go imo. Open a  current account and use it to send cheap £2.49 SEPA transfers to EUR exchanges. More [details]( in my answers to a previous post on this topic.
If you're just looking to buy smallish amounts circle.com is a good option.. and probably comes in just under 1% using a GBP debit card. The debit card transaction is free, but circle's pricing tends to be slightly above market. You can then transfer the BTC to some other exchange if you want to gamble on price changes.
coinbase.com also takes debit cards now as well.
@_date: 2016-04-22 11:23:48
I don't believe you.
@_date: 2016-04-20 22:56:59
SEPA is only for EUR.. basically I'm proposing that you don't bother with BTC/GBP since nobody else uses it.
Due to the UK banks not allowing bitcoin related accounts there isn't much liquidity on BTC/GBP anywhere.. the largest exchange with an actual BTC/GBP market is coinbase.. there's also  but neither of them have much volume. There's also  in the Isle of man but they do almost no volume at all (under 10 BTC/day). None of the BTC/GBP exchanges have local bank accounts - you have to use SWIFT to send the GBP (typically to some eastern european bank) which from a normal bank account costs £10-£25 per transfer (fixed price). Coinbase as you probably know also allows debit cards which often work out cheaper for small amounts.  runs a multicurrency exchange with a combined orderbook which has decent volume, but because very few GBP traders trade there mostly your orders are just being converted and matched to some other currency anyway behind the scenes.
By opening a fidorbank UK current account you can access EUR exchanges such as kraken.com (probably the best), btc-e.com, itbit.com, zyado.com, anxbtc.com and gatecoin.com which have better (EUR) volumes than the BTC/GBP markets.
Fidor charges very little on converting GBP to EUR - it's basically the spot rate and the SEPA transfer fee is fixed at £2.49 - almost all your value is being transferred. You take the money from your main bank account, send it to your Fidor account through faster payments and then send it from Fidor by SEPA to kraken (or some other exchange).
The total fees using fidor and kraken, including fx conversion, the SEPA fee and kraken's exchange fees should still be less than 1% in total - which is likely less than you'd pay using either SWIFT or a debit card to access the BTC/GBP markets.
You could send money to EUR exchanges from your existing bank account, but your bank most likely charges something like 3% fx fee and £10-£25 for the SEPA transfer fee.. there are lots of fx services you could use for the conversion like transferwise or azimo, but they won't send money to bitcoin exchanges (they are blacklisted) and even if you find a money transfer service that hasn't implemented the blacklist, most bitcoin exchanges won't accept transfers unless they come directly from an account in your own name.
There are banks in the UK offering EUR current accounts which you could use in conjunction with transferwise or azimo or a similar service to proxy funds to an EUR exchange (eg, main bank account -&gt; transferwise -&gt; EUR account -&gt; BTC exchange ) however these kinds of bank accounts often tend to have nasty fees (like barclays for instance still charges £25 to send SEPAs from their EUR account). I believe first direct has one with £4 SEPA transfers which isn't too bad.
Fidor is a good solution.. it's only two steps (send money from main bank to fidor, send money to bitcoin exchange) and fee efficient.. you can open the account online (just need passport and utility bill scans that you probably already have from opening a bitcoin exchange account) and it has low fees. One warning about fidor though.. currently and for the next few months at least fidor bank accounts dont actually have their own bank account numbers.. this is quite ridiculous so don't even consider using it as your main account or really probably for any other purpose than sending payments to Europe.
@_date: 2016-04-22 02:05:48
pretty sure bitcoin london is a scam and this post is slightly clever reverse psychology to trick punters into using it.