@_author: dfgsd34352
@_date: 2012-02-07 00:25:56
In the real world stock markets don't do the 'settlement' of shares - the companies do it themselves. 
When someone sells a share they instruct the issuing company (or usually their appointed registrar - an outsourcing firm they hired to manage their share registry for them) to change the ownership of the shares to whomever they sold them too. 
This is non-centralized because each company manages their own share register. If they outsource it there is a competitive market in share registry management providing companies they can choose from.
Actually a lot of the time people trade through nominee accounts where their broker actually owns the shares and the shares themselves don't necessarily change ownership - the brokers just credit and debit their customer accounts accordingly.
In the US there's the DTCC which kindof does that on a massive scale - hardly anyone owns shares anymore they just own credits in a DTCC account and the DTCC maintains actual ownership of the share on the company's share register.
There's no reason you couldn't sell real company shares on ebay (infact people do) or bitmit.net for bitcoins. It means that the seller will have to go through some paperwork with the registrar after the sale to get the shares transferred to the new owner.
I don't think there's anything stopping someone incorporating a brand new "plc" public company (private "ltd" companies are usually restricted in the maximum number of shareholders they can have - quite a low number - like less than 100? - actually that might not even be that big of a limitation for the kinds of businesses people might set up - at least initially. If it gets to the point where you have too many shareholders for an ltd maybe you can reorganize the firm into a plc at that time) and selling all the shares for it on bitmit. That would be something real - people would end up owning real shares in a real company that exists in law. Incorporating a public company isn't actually that much harder than an ltd - most of the difficulties come from meeting criteria to get listed on a 'real' stock exchange - but if you just want to sell shares on bitmit or something you might be able to do that fairly easily.
The problem with a bitcoin stock exchange isn't the exchange - that should be easy - and indeed a special section on some general auction site would probably be a good place to start. 
The problem with GLBSE is what exactly are you buying? If people really want to start trading contracts for profit sharing of some sole trader's (unincorporated) business I guess that is quite possible - but what's needed is not a 'stock exchange' but maybe some lawyers to write up some boiler plate contracts that people setting up this type of business can copy and paste. I don't really think this is a good idea btw. the whole reason companies exist is to protect the shareholders from actions of the business. If you were investing outside of that framework you might actually find yourself liable for the actions of the business venture.
@_date: 2012-01-24 23:59:52
No. They probably wouldn't do it.. people subscribing to mailing lists can also whitelist them. 
The main advantage I see for this would be if you wanted to contact someone you've never contacted before, out of the blue. That is the instance where your mail is most likely to get caught in a spam folder and never read. Mails with a bitcoin stamp payment attached could be safely de-spammed - even if they are spam because the recipient is being paid for it.