@_author: dfgy3452342342
@_date: 2014-03-04 02:07:13
You can access both Kraken and Bitstamp using either SWIFT or SEPA (EUR) wire transfers. I think all UK current accounts support sending money via either mechanism from within online banking - but if yours doesn't, you can certainly do it by going to a branch (although they'll likely charge a higher fee).
With bitstamp it's better to use SWIFT and send the money as GBP - without converting it to USD (or EUR or anything else) as their (bitstamp's) bank will convert it for you on receipt and charge you a lot less than your bank would to convert it before sending.
With Kraken, their main market is EUR denominated, although they do have a USD orderbook too. You can send a SEPA EUR transfer to them and your bank will charge you around a 2.5% fx commission to convert your GBP to EUR. It may still be better as with bitstamp to send a SWIFT GBP transfer instead and let them convert it to EUR but I haven't tried this so I can't say for sure if it works or if it's advantageous from a fees perspective.
Your bank will likely charge somewhere between £5 and £25 to send either SWIFT or SEPA transfers, and around 2.5% to convert the money into a different currency before sending.
To withdraw from either exchange it's probably best to use an EUR SEPA transfer back to your bank account. Unfortunately neither exchange supports sending GBP yet so you will always get charged around 2.5% by your bank to convert the incoming EUR into GBP to be deposited in your account. You need your bank account in SWIFT/BIC form.. if you don't have it, you can use an [iban calculator]( to work it out from the account number and sort code or just ask your bank. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:59:08
not sure if that's true.. paypal can debit money from your account using just the account number and sort code.. sure they make you verify it first by sending small credits and getting you to tell them what they are, but they're doing that themselves.. there's no technical provision to stop them or anyone debiting any old account and crediting the money to any other account - other than you need to somehow have access to (or be a member of) the clearing network.