@_author: dfr4141232
@_date: 2012-09-01 21:46:38
Well that would be a way of getting around the currency controls, but why would someone doing that then want to donate the profits of their enterprise in the form of a discount to argentine peso BTC buyers?
@_date: 2012-09-02 00:57:46
Basically the issue is that anyone who has hard currency such as USD or BTC would buy pesos at the 15% discount offered by the black market.
The only entity buying pesos at the artificially high rate is the argentine government - and they are doing so at a loss which is why they are trying to limit what transactions can be made at the favourable (to peso holders) offficial rate.
What it means practically is that if you go through the right channels and do the paperwork you can sell pesos to the argentine government for more than they're actually worth.
It used to be that you could just buy stuff internationaly on a credit card and the credit card company would sell your pesos to the argentine government for more than they were worth - passing the FX savings on to you the peso bank account holder. They've closed that loophole.
It would probably make more sense for Argentina to just let the currency fall to the real market rate instead of pretending that it's worth more by overpaying for pesos involved in some but not all transactions.. it just creates uncertainty about the value of pesos and creates a motive for corruption of whomever is involved in approving the transactions at the 'official' overpriced rate.
@_date: 2012-09-01 23:28:54
My point was simply that the illegal (profit making) part of the operation could (and do!) just keep their profits and not bother with the whole running a bitcoin exchange at a loss thing by selling hard currency (either dollars or bitcoin) at below (black) market rates.
@_date: 2012-09-01 18:19:49
hmm well I don't know if bitcoin will really help in this situation.. probably noone would want to sell bitcoins for 15% less pesos than they could get by selling them for dollars and exchanging the dollars for pesos at the (black/free) market rate. 
Basically as I understand it there are two rates of exchange for pesos in Argentina.
The black (free) market rate.
and the official governmnet rate.
If you want to get the (better) official government exchange rate you need to justify your purchase to them and play by their rules. Unless bitcoins can somehow fit into that process there's no way to get a better deal using bitcoins.
The only way bitcoins can really help argentines that I can see is if they start offering goods and services in exchange for BTC - bypassing the peso entirely.