@_author: dfsd2342342342
@_date: 2013-10-09 12:26:15
IMO colored coins are massively overhyped - the ultimate authority on who owns what is still a centralized 3rd party; given that there's no way to fix that problem, having them store their ownership ledger in the blockchain isn't really much better than them just storing it in a speadsheet on their computer and updating it manually.
There are a few neat things about colored coins - atomic transactions is one.. but then again you could have atomic transactions by getting the issuer to escrow the BTC side too so that's not actually a killer feature. Also the blockchain has proven itself to be extremely reliable and is backed up thousands of times - so it may be better than some random issuer's inhouse IT from a reliability perspective, but that's something the issuer could handle by having appropriate procedures in place.
The main feature people think exists probably doesn't - namely that the issuer would blindly adhere to whatever the blockchain says with regards to ownership.. I'm pretty sure that if someone lost their keys they won't just say 'oh well that's a shame' they'll try to force the issuer to assign them a new colored coin and invalidate the lost one.. similarly if some criminal/terrorist/kiddie fiddler is known to be owning the asset a court will be able to force them to invalidate that colored coin.. similarly if someone owes debts a court could get the issuer to seize the assets of the debtor.
Basically the issuer can't avoid being an intermediator in any dispute that will arrise simply beacause they store their ownership information in the blockchain. That means the blockchain will never actually be the authority on who owns what - that always stays with the issuer. That being the case, why do we really want to store this stuff in the blockchain anyway?
@_date: 2013-10-09 10:54:17
The problem is that btcturk doesn't seem to provide a regular json GET API - just websockets.. nothing wrong with websockets - but it's different from every other exchange.