@_author: dgasgds32424242
@_date: 2016-02-09 15:16:49
I meant when the 2MB blockchain is larger than bitcoin's blockchain and still full and transactions cost more than on bitcoin's blockchain (because of anti-2MB spamming) there is no point in anyone using the 2MB chain anymore and it will go away (or realistically never get off the ground at all).
2MB is nothing.. it doesn't significantly scale bitcoin and it's not even really a step in the right direction.. while lightning is possibly a ways off bitcoin will be scaled with some kindof payment channel solution (probably centralized around bitgo's platform - they are integrated with all the centralized wallets and exchanges - but if not them someone else will do it) in the near future... that will dramatically reduce demand for onchain transactions. 
Most people are not actually running full nodes, and infact given the small size of the blockchain it's evident that most people are not even really transacting on chain at all.. they are happy using centralized wallets and realistically that's going to continue into the future. Most future adoption is going to be non-technical folk who are even less likely to care about running their own full nodes or on chain transactions and will be quite happy to go through an exchange that is a member of some offchain transaction settlement system.
@_date: 2016-02-09 12:13:33
It's already enough BTC to keep blocks full on the 2MB network for a whole year.. at the end of the year the 2MB network's blockchain would be larger than bitcoin's and throughout the year it would cost more to transact there than on the 1MB network. 
How many people will still run 2MB nodes when it takes 100GB of diskspace and takes days to sync? How many will want to use it when it costs the same or more than the old one?
@_date: 2016-02-09 17:48:09
If you use the escrow the seller's BTC are locked so they can't really scam you.. worst case it goes to lbc dispute resolution and they somehow convince them you're the scammer. Pick someone with a good reputation.. make sure you're using escrow and dont click any links in emails you may receive that appear to come from localbitcoins (but dont).
@_date: 2016-02-09 12:28:01
No but the two things combined immediately remove any advantage of having 2MB blocks.