@_author: dgkusa
@_date: 2014-10-28 05:34:12
Laugh :) I am interested.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:09:54
1) Their website clearly indicated they serviced fiat withdrawal (3-4 week process time), and email correspondence confirms that.
2)I clearly requested to make funds available to re-purchase bitcoin (in case they cannot wire) - they never gave this option.  After withdrawal was clicked - there was no point of return.  The rest of the argument about withdraw of bitcon in lieu of cash - and thus somehow having more legitimate case for fraud is nonsense.
3) It is illegal by all standards to mingle customer funds and company's money regardless whether company/industry is regulated or not. Taking customer's money for your own or company's purpose is pure fraud - and criminally punished.  This is not a bankruptcy case - this is fraud case. Who else is disagree? Why the owners and employees are not prosecuted for fraud? 
@_date: 2014-10-27 04:00:46
or, just short sell and pocket profits immediately - no need to tie the capital.  And move to the next thing :)
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:28:40
LOL re: . 
@_date: 2014-10-26 20:13:38
I see your point.  What I meant first large (or major) company to accept bitcoins.  The company's CEO has long claimed that finacial system is rigged.  He sees Bitcoin as system that cannot be rigged, and solves by design, not by regulations many of Wall Street problems that stay despite existing regulations.  
@_date: 2014-10-28 13:54:08
If it was banks who were giving the problems to honest Mt.Gox then where is my cash?  Please see Mt.Gox email response.
Your request ( has been updated.
To review the status of the request and add additional comments, follow the link below:
You can also add a comment by replying to this email.
Jim Support, Feb 13 10:09:
Dear Valued Customer,
Thank you for the email. Sorry for the delay in responding. The withdrawal requested on 2014/01/21 is in process. Please note that this delay is purely a banking delay as our bank has imposed a limit on processing withdrawals. We are working with our banks to have this sorted out also as an additional step we are looking in to other better ways to improve our withdrawal system and once this comes in to place we will be better than before and this takes time. We will update you once the withdrawal is processed.
Our sincere apologies for the delay and inconvenience that may have caused.
Best regards,
MtGox Team
[Attention: Please protect your account using OTP to ensure that your funds are safe and secure. Failing to do so makes your information vulnerable to hackers.
Please visit 
Me (the customer), Feb 12 06:21:
It will be of great help if you can provide expected date of wire transaction. The front end is very confusing, and provides of no details on what happened to the funds once the button for withdrawal is clicked.
I am happy to help you to design the workflow and screen flow for this module, as I have a lot of experience in this type of work. Please feel free to reach out. 
Jim Support, Feb 10 16:10:
Dear Valued Customer,
Sorry for the delay in responding. We have merged your ticket for better follow up. The withdrawal requested on 2014-01-20 is still in process. Due to a change in our banking system we are currently experiencing a back-log of withdrawals that we need to process. Our team is working hard to increase transaction speeds, but there are back-log we need to overcome. We thank you for your patience during this time. Again, we apologize for the delay and we will contact you once your withdrawal has been processed.
Best regards,
MtGox Team
[Attention: Please protect your account using OTP to ensure that your funds are safe and secure. Failing to do so makes your information vulnerable to hackers.
Please visit 
Jim Support, Feb 10 16:02:
Request  "I processed withdrawal, and my f..." was closed and merged into this request. Last comment in request 
Hello, I requested withdrawal of funds, but did not get any funds back. Where are my money? If you have problems wiring them to my bank account, then please put them back, so that I can buy bitcoin again.
Please contact me with status update.
Submitted from: 
me (the Customer), Feb 05 11:03:
I Sold bitcoin and still waiting for the funds to be wired to my account? How long is the wait, and is there tracking of any kind?
Please advice,
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:27:30
Bingo TronBlack!  :) 
Agreed with all your points, and let's further simplify this hypothetical scenario:
Let's say  private trader BareWhale2 comes out of the woods tomorrow. And let's say he has unlimited access to cash via Predator Preserve private entity. Billions of dollars - no problem.
He starts algorithmic buy of bitcoins over period of time in small amounts, and then would dumps all of them in one lump sum sell order.  He will also put "chatters" out that large players are running for exit.  He will repeat this 3-4-5 times in a row. 
What do you think will happen with the eco-system?
Please, note, BearWhale2 does not have to be tied to Predator Preserve.  He may as well be tied to Etopian Central Prank, or any other Central Prank in who's currency bitcoin is converted.  What do you think will will happen with eco-system?  This seem to become a great mechanism of flooding system with fiat.
Very curious to hear qualified opinion on such scenario. 
And last point: I am complete nube to this technology, thus having difficulties to understand and evaluate statement "adds a non-existent off-chain BTC balance to the balance of a fake account, and starts selling BTC, pushing the price down, down, down."  Any help or pointers on material that would help me better understand this will be greatly appreciated. 
I sense, I may be re-stating back in my words, what you stated in your message, but not completely sure.
 
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:27:23
Thus the answer to regulatory laxness would be the environment where regulatory is not needed by design.  It is indeed the system design that should not allow the abuses, and thus replace the need for such regulatory, and remove dependency from regulatory will.  
Check out Patrick Burne's (Overstock.com CEO) presentation on the same subject 
 
@_date: 2014-10-26 14:52:02
Naked short is bad, and fundamentally wrong in many ways.
In short :), naked short is the ability to place sell request for an asset (stock) that you do not have.  Sounds crazy?  It's done all the time by large institutions.  How does it work and why this is possible?  Because physical settlement of trade (which means physical transfer of actual asset (stock) ) must take place within 3 days, after trade is executed.  This allows large companies to sell the asset they do not have, and re-buy it back at lower price, within short period of time.
See wikipedia link: 
Why naked short sale is bad?  Because it's an open door for abuse. In principle, system allows one with access hypothetically to place sell order to 100 percent of shares of specific company.  For obvious reasons such sell order will bring price down, thus reducing the portfolio values of legitimate stock holders, without their consent and approval.    
Fortunately there are all kinds of laws and regulations put in place to prevent such extreme example from happening, but similar examples on a smaller scale happens all the time on the market.  Google search "Deep Capture" term or use this link: 
or this link: 
Now, imagine if bitcoin eco-system allows to place naked short sale of 11 million coins, and they would have to be delivered to buyers within 3 business days.  What do you think would happen to the value of bit coins while this order is being filled?  Does the word "BearWhale" comes to mind?  I am sure you can fill the blanks for the rest of scenario :) 
It is my believe that naked short sells are fundamentally impossible in bitcoin technology, and that's what makes this system to be bullet proof from fraud by manipulation.  
If this is not the case, and someone knows technical loophole to do it, please let this community know. This will be a sign for me to ditch for good whatever microscopic holding of bitcoins I have.
Hope this helps :)
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:25:25
Banks or not... **Bitcoin was sold and the question is - where is the fiat?   Who stole the fiat?**  
If there are thousands of us - then there are thousands of criminal cases of theft of fiat - that's the bottom line of crime, regardless whether there was hack or not.
@_date: 2015-01-25 02:09:30
good point re:3% :)
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:58:10
You comment has great merrits!  Yet for the short term span.  I guess it's a matter of prospective on the timeframe.  Can it go even more down in the next month or two?  I think it can.  But, also take into the account the rate of propagation of bitcoin into the rest of the world, and you may be pleasantly surprised, they may get all swallowed by african, indian, etc population.
This may become the equivalent of the day trading stock market opportunity for them. And if bitcoin will show the upswing trend, it will make marvels to the world.  People's networth will increase, and they will actually start buying again from business.  What a great way to get economy up and running again!  Give people ways to keep real value of money, and economy will flourish again.  Simple!
Many newcomers will come at much lower rate than some of us came in November of 2013. They will benefit hugely from the upswing they will create by themselves simply by the number of adaptations. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:36:42
AH! Currency! Yes, of course!
But currency has to serve 3 essential functions:
1) Storage of Value
2) Unit of Account
3) Medium of Exchange
For the sake of this discussion let's forget about 2 and 3.  And let's focus on storage of value only (aka winning big bucks).
Printing money = inflation.  Inflation devalues real value of money (unit of account and medium of exchange).  It actually devalues so badly that over time the house that was worth $21k in 1977 is worth $1.5 mil in 2015 (numbers are hypothetical - but not far fetched).  Most of the increase is due to inflation (power of compounding)  So if unsophisticated person never invested but saved 21k in 1977 he/she lost all of the value.  The $1.5 mil is simply an indicator of how much his $21k is worth today. 
People use formulas to calculate adjustment for inflation factor to derive real value of money today.  They are wrong.  Adjustment for inflation does not count compounding power of economic growth, that everyone should also be entitled to, as an active member of producing economy back then, and the "stock holder" in the form of money of the corporation called the world (or country).
What zero inflation means that all economic growth was already sucked out from economy through printing money at the rate of economic growth. In simple terms Inflation = 0, if Rate of Print = to Rate of Economic Growth.
This may or may not be difficult to grasp btw,  I do not know.  But the bottom line adjustment for inflation tells only part of the story how much in real value those money are today.  Adjustment of economic growth is never taken into consideration.  But if one would properly take it into consideration, then $21k in 1977 will turn close to $1.5 mill in 2015.
Is this big bucks?  Yes, I think it is.  Is it fair for unsophisticated folk to keep this "profit" if he/she just wants to save his/her earnings in the mattress (aka cold storage)?  I think so.  This is his/her contribution to economic growth in the form work/earnings which continues to compound (as it should be) as economy grows. Is this too much to ask for a big bucks?
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:18:11
I am suggesting for everyone to buy in with small amount - whatever small may mean to anyone.
I am saying the upside potential is so huge - that it's worth to participate than not.  And I do mean for everyone.  
Participate with the dollar - or $200 or whatever small means to one.
Bitcoin is probably the best gift idea you can give to someone.  I just gifted someone on his birthday.  He has no clue what it is.  I told him not to worry - hold in safe place for 5 years, and that this may end up to be the largest gift he ever received, or may be nothing to remember.  But the chance - and hope is there!  It was awesome experience btw.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:17:13
Yes, very fair question.  If I was in charge of printing cash, I would be thinking hard on how to bring bitcoin system down.  Bitcoin would be in direct competition with my printing press.
So one way I can think to bring this down is the following:
1) Since I have unlimited access to cash - I will engage in algorithmic trading - buy with small increments and dump in large chunks to trigger sell off.  I do not care if I lose money - I can print more.
2) By keeping price down - I would start quietly squeezing out all the miners who operate on margin, and start taking over the network by introducing my own equipment to mine.  Again I have unlimited resources to print - so I can afford :)  Next year, when the difficulty goes up - I will insure to keep prices down to the point where mining  cannot be justified at all.  Cost of bitcoin will not even cover the cost of electricity.
Meanwhile I will use mass media to keep masses away from the bitcoin system with the scare tactics.
3) Eventually I take over 51% of mining network (again I have unlimited $$$ resources to buy any equipment and research I need).  
Once 3rd point is accomplished - the sky is the limit.  I can continue operate model in the way I find it profitable (double spend some accounts, or benefit others).   Or I can kill it and create my own from scratch, with the claim it needs to be done in the "right" way.
With 5 billion dollar market cap - even Bill Gates can afford it :)  So your question is very legit and very important one.   
Putting had into sand and hoping this will never happen is not the way to go about it.  So keep asking and people please keep responding.  The power of bitcoin is in the masses. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:05:23
Understood.  But bitcoin is not an instant gratification game.  I even agree it is a chance.  And it is a best chance one can ever get.  Yes there is a risk of loosing entire $200 (equivalent of not having dinner).  Yet, the upside potential is so great - that it's silly not to try it.  State lottery collects billions every week.  Bitcoin has better chance to pay out.
Ok, do not spend $200 - spend a dollar, and hold it.
Sorry I really do not get it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 08:48:13
why is it trolling?  This is very sincere question. Why people do not get this concept?  It's so simple, and so important to get it for everyone!  Am I wrong?
@_date: 2015-01-30 22:16:11
1) Re: Inflation is not Seniorage
Inflation is only part of seniorage: full seniorage (loosley speaking) Delta of Economic Growth + Extra Print (aka inflation - I am skipping here the explanation of timeline and velocity of propagating of this Extra Print through the Economy and eventually translating into inflation )  Hope this helps on first statement.
2) Re: Saving at the higher rate than inflation.
I specifically did not specify on how Grandma and Grandpa would save - under mattress or in Stock Market.  It is because of inflation the mattress is no longer viable form of saving - you are right in that sense.  As result entire population is forced to take business risk in the form of stock or bond holders.  If you don't you will be taxed at the rate of Inflation - for the least.  Yet, this is not the whole story - creation of stock market itself expands greatly the ability to print money (and hide inflation) by creating a place holder of assets that have to be parked there forever (on aggregate and continuous level).  
The latest example - entire QE (85 billion per month - over period of about 4 years) went into Stock market - thus rate of print at over 8% of US GDP per year - did not make a dent in the price of consumer goods, yet stock market went up. 
8% over period of 4 years on compound basis is over 35% Inflation.  Hopefully this makes sense too :)  (or, perhaps, you will find it as another incoherent babble :)  )
3) Re: Zero-Inflation: In simplified terms - if Production &gt; Rate of Print = Deflation  It is economic ideology - and not economic fact that deflation causes hording money and thus kills growth! Yes, you heard it hear first :).  One may argue - look at japan!  Cause of deflation in Japan is consumer's inability (important! - inability) to buy more because of lack of discretionary income.  That's not deflation - that's a situation where consumer was stripped out of cash to the point where he cannot buy anything any more.  Now they hope to print even more in the hope of deflating consumer obligation further, so that he would be able to get other obligations.  This is unsustainable.  US seem to be taking the same approach with Mortgage Modification Programs (See Karl Marx re: over production crisis :) )
would love to respond more about "bad deflation" but need to go now :)
  
     
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:27:42
LOL re: wafles and cheesburgers - let's fight obesity.  In times of Rubens - obesity was sign of wealth.  I guess one can say - look at those fat folks - they need to be trimmed up for health reasons :) 
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:36:15
if this sound like incoherent bable to you, then you should not be in bitcoin, and should not be in this forum.  Please leave the room.
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:12:12
In a way it can be viewed as a lottery ticked if purchased for appreciation and use in the future (let's say retirement).  If bitcoin makes it - it's a windfall on the owner, if not - it's a total loss.
Thus yes - it has element of lottery.  
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:00:28
Thanks, this is truly sincere question - I really do not get why people are not getting this concept.  May be this is why it is called social experiment.
By the same - I sincerely do not get why this looks like a low-end troll.  I even double checked the wikipedia definition - still did not get it why. Why this post would upset someone?  I personally doubled my holdings when bitcoin dropped - and recommend the same to everyone.
@_date: 2015-02-02 03:23:23
You are missing much bigger point here, which is moving from "Gold Phase" to a "Copper Phase" and catching the wind of Crowd Effect which can be a 100 or even 1,000 times multiplier.
Please read my response to the above comment.
@_date: 2015-03-30 04:08:08
He does more disservice to Bitcoin than a service.  So-called expert could not name one example of what can be purchased with Bitcoin. His comments on Canadian gov to issue its own crypto were nonsense. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 03:23:10
You are missing much bigger point here, which is moving from "Gold Phase" to a "Copper Phase" and catching the wind of Crowd Effect which can be a 100 or even 1,000 times multiplier.
Please read my response to the above comment.