@_author: dgmib
@_date: 2015-12-26 04:31:48
Litecoin is a entirely separate crypto currency from Bitcoin.
Best place to learn more about it is to head over to Discussion of litecoin is off topic for this sub.
@_date: 2015-12-22 05:14:58
What I'm trying to understand, it how does FULL RBF benefit anyone in a way that opt-in or FSS-RBF doesn't.
I want to be able to spend bitcoins for something small (say like say a coffee at Starbucks) without having to wait for a confirmation.  With opt-in or FSS, I can still create a transaction that is "not reversible" and have a reasonable hope of a merchant accepting it without confirmations.
If Full RBF is merged, I can't make a transaction that I can't reverse the second I get my coffee.
So why are the core devs adding an option to do Full RBF?  What benefit does it have for anyone in the community that we don't get from the more limited forms of RBF?
@_date: 2015-12-22 18:06:43
So is correct, the ONLY reason for adding full RBF (as opposed to just opt-in RBF) is to discourage the use of 0-conf transactions.
@_date: 2015-12-29 06:16:09
Would they switch away from running Bitcoin Core to get it?
I mean if the Core devs continue to choose to not implement a block size increase, and let's say 2-4-8 is acceptable to almost all miners and the preferred proposal of the most miners. If someone forked Core and added an implementation of 2-4-8 that made a reasonable effort to ensure almost all miners had upgraded before the actual hard fork; Would they even run it?  Or does it have to come from the core devs?
@_date: 2015-12-26 07:19:07
I know you're not attacking anything.
Your question is a bit like going to and asking "what's the point of Honda?"
There are some 600+ different crypto currencies of which Bitcoin is the biggest (by market capitalization), litecoin is the third largest. 
At the technical level, litecoin is very similar to Bitcoin. And enthusiasts of both are happy to compare them and contrast them here.  
But they're not "two sides of a coin", there are a lot of other crypto currencies out there litecoin and Bitcoin are just two of them.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:14:12
Thank you for your comment, but that didn't answer my question. I understand what a 50% attack is, I understand how do it, I understand what can be done.
What I don't understand how being in control of mining pool give you control of the miners with in the pool.
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:09:45
Ok, that makes sense, but why can't the mining software be changed so that the miners in a pool generate block headers for the other miners in the pool in a distributed fashion?  So that no one central authority can control which transactions get mined?  Bitcoin makes everything else distributed why can't a mining pool be too?
@_date: 2014-12-17 03:23:30
I suspect we are approaching the economic limits of mining.  I.e.  The point where the cost of buying the mining equipment and paying for the electricity to operate it is roughly equivalent to the value of the bitcoin it will earn.
@_date: 2014-12-17 08:16:25
And if they choose to do so, the difficulty drops further.  When the difficulty drops mining Bitcoin becomes more profitable and more people will start mining Bitcoin.  When more people start mining Bitcoin the difficulty increases, mining becomes less profitable.  Which in turn decreases the difficulty again.  And so on, and so on...
Which was precisely point.  The mining of Bitcoin will maintain a naturally stable equilibrium at the point where the cost of mining bitcoins is only slightly greater than the value of the bitcoins mined.
There will always be miners. Whenever existing miners stop mining, the difficulty drops which encourages more people to start mining.
A stable hash rate is an indicator of Bitcoin's maturity.  For Bitcoin to viably compete with fiat as a currency, it needs to be perceived as a mature technology with a stable value.  This is another step along the way of getting there. 
@_date: 2016-03-04 02:26:35
Last I checked there was usually 1 or 2 additional BTC in fees in a typical full block. But it varies a lot. And if they don't find a solution they get nothing.
The size of the block doesn't affect how much work it is to find a solution to PoW puzzle.  Someone in this thread commented otherwise but he or she is in error.  Right now the median cost of finding a block, whether it's empty or full is in the area of $10,000 USD.
So mining empty blocks is better than not mining at all, but generally speaking a miner will see the most profit if the stuff the blocks with as many txs as possible.
@_date: 2016-03-04 01:51:15
You're correct, but the theoretical attack that Satoshi put the 1 MB limit in to prevent doesn't require the txs to have fees. The 1 MB limit was added to prevent a *miner* from creation a block with millions of tiny free transactions that the rest of the network has to validate. Normal users can't do the attack because of the limits on free transactions.  But a miner could disable those limits for themselves to do the attack.
It does however require you investing enough money in mining hardware to be able to solo mine a block.  When the limit was added anyone could do that with an off the shelf PC in a few hours.  Today you'd need to spend on average about $10,000 on the mining hardware and electricity to do it.
@_date: 2016-03-04 02:39:20
It costs the same to solve the proof of work puzzle regardless of the number of txs in the block.  Mining an empty block isn't faster or cheaper than mining a full one.
Miners only mine empty blocks during a brief window of time when they've just received the header for a new block, but haven't finished receiving the block itself.  Their only alternative would be to stop mining altogether during that time.
@_date: 2016-03-03 14:56:36
Yes they still get the 25 (soon to be 12.5) BTC reward for finding a block even if it's empty.  But they don't get any tx fees, so it's still in their best interest to stuff the blocks with as many high fee transactions as possible.
@_date: 2016-01-10 17:54:22
I think you're right.  He did seem to be "getting his affairs in order", when he transferred control of the repo to Gavin.
And I find it really hard to believe he wouldn't come out in favor of either the Empire or the Rebel Alliance at this point.
@_date: 2016-03-13 17:08:51
You're making some very large leaps in logic not supported (or disproved) by the research presented in the paper. 
The paper states that if the blocks were 4 MB today that 10% of existing nodes would not be able to keep up with their existing bandwidth.
To get to "well on its way to a doomed centralized future" you have to also be able to show that, those 10% of nodes when forced off the network will not be replaced by some other market force.  Which would mean proving:
A) bandwidth will never increase either through technological advancement or existing nodes investing in additional bandwidth from this service provider.
B) there won't be any new nodes added to the network by new Bitcoin actors as Bitcoin adoption increases.
C) there is no possible way to reduce the bandwidth requirements of the existing protocol.  (Like say thin blocks which already have a working in production implementation)
Since at least two of the those points depend on being able to prove what people will choose to do. It would be impossible for anyone to scientifically prove one way the other what would happen if the block size limit was raised.
@_date: 2014-12-17 05:36:45
Yes Exactly.  This is a good thing, it's another milestone in the mass adoption of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-18 15:54:39
Yes something like that could be done.  Its conceptually similar to opt-in RBF, but marking a specific output as replaceable instead of the entire tx.
The biggest concern I can see is it breaks some of Bitcoin's privacy features, by making it always obvious which output is the change.  (Which happens with other forms of RBF too, but only if you actually do bump the fees) 
@_date: 2016-03-14 06:22:08
Yes! That would work well. IMO that's the only way we're going to decentralize mining in the long run.
Basically use mining rigs literally as space heaters.  Add a thermostat so they turn on when it's cold and off when it's warm again. Use them in a space that you're already heating with electricity and your good to go.
The mining rig would never pay for it's operating costs, but you wouldn't care you're paying to heat the room not mine Bitcoin. The cost of heating a room with a mining rig vs a conventional electric heater would be almost identical.
You'd probably eventually make back enough to cover its purchase price, maybe a small trickle more.
Because your mining at a loss, no "for profit" mining operation would be able to compete with it, no matter how cheap their electricity is.
What we really need is a Bitcoin startup to make a nice neat turn-key package.  A wifi enabled space heater that uses mining ASICs as its heating element.
@_date: 2016-01-30 20:01:12
I don't see how this is any better than what Bitcoin unlimited is offering.
@_date: 2016-03-03 02:46:20
When a new block is found it's transmitted to all nodes (including all other miners) on the network.  That process is not instantaneous though, there's a short period of time from when a miner receives the block header, and when it receives the full list of transactions in that block.
During that period the miners would normally have to stop mining and wait for the rest of the block to download.  Rather then leave their equipment idle (and losing money) while the block downloads they instead start trying to mine an empty block on top the new block they haven't fully received yet.
They can't put transactions into that block until they know what transactions were in the last block because it would be rejected by the network if it contained transactions that were already on the chain.
@_date: 2016-03-11 15:18:54
Cisco already makes routers that go up to 96 Tbps today.  Pbps routers aren't that far off.
@_date: 2016-03-03 15:12:45
The problem isn't that the miners are greedy, the problem is the artificial size limit on the blocks.
An empty block is only mined within a few seconds of the block that came before it. If there wasn't a backlog of txs, the block before it would already have cleared out all the zero-conf txs and there wouldn't be anything to put in the empty block anyway.
Also, you can't actually prevent miners from header mining.  When header mining the block doesn't have to be empty it just has to not contain any transactions that were already included in the last block.
So sure you can make a rule that empty blocks are rejected by the network, but a miner could just generate new dust transactions from their own wallet to stuff the block with to meet any minimum block size.  They can even have large fees because they would just go back to that miner anyway.  Because these would be newly generated transactions, we already know they weren't in the last block.
@_date: 2016-01-08 21:51:02


According to Wikipedia, a value proposition is [a promise of value to be delivered and acknowledged and a belief from the customer that value will be delivered and experienced.](
According to the front page of [ Bitcoin offers "Fast peer-to-peer transactions" and "Low processing fees".
Forgive me but that sounds like a proposition of low fees to me.
@_date: 2016-01-08 05:43:59
Nak or Nack is short for "negative acknowledgement"
It's still acknowledging it, just not affirming it.
@_date: 2016-01-06 05:50:57
The double spend in March 2013 was done by someone testing if it could be done at the time (due to the issue with the new version) It wasn't actually an attack, no merchant was defrauded.
@_date: 2016-03-13 19:15:24
You're right.
Raising the block size would result in only people in first world countries have enough bandwidth to use Bitcoin.
Instead we should keep the blocksize where it is, with the fee market we can ensure that only people living in 1st world countries will be able to afford the tx fees to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-24 15:23:00
I wrote code that actually did that, which I originally intended for Classic. But when testing it I discovered, it not that simple.
The current code will peer ban nodes transmitting alerts signed by a key it doesn't recognize.  If an alert is sent with a different or unrecognized key, at best it doesn't go anywhere, at worst you split the network into nodes that recognize that new key and nodes that don't.
To make it work nodes would need to ignore alerts signed by other keys themselves but still relay them to other nodes. Which could be done, but has the potential to be abused. One could at that point effectively write a generic messaging system (I.e. A full chat system) that uses the Bitcoin p2p network as its transport, by encoding messages as p2p Bitcoin alerts.
I did eventually come up with a solution to that, but it was overly complicated, and I opted to just scrap the idea instead.  Plus any changes made to the alerts system would only be reliable if the vast majority of nodes support them.  Otherwise you end up with isolated pockets of nodes that don't get the message because they coincidently don't have any peers that support the new system.
That said, the current code has a way for anyone with the alert key to broadcast a "the alert key has been compromised" message that permanently disabled it. Which takes the wind out of most "some evil person might/does have the key and will try to abuse it" type arguments.
The theory that core is removing it because they're worried about what alerts Gavin might send during a vote is just tin foil hat nonsense.  If Gavin or Themos, or anyone else tries to abuse he alert system it can just be disabled.  With or without this pull request.
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:48:49
It's not actually technically possible to just change the fee.
The problem is when you spend Bitcoin you have to spend the entire transaction you received at once.
Let's say someone sent you 0.5 Bitcoin.  And you wanted buy some socks for 0.1 Bitcoin.  Your wallet creates a single transaction that spends your 0.5 Bitcoin as 0.1 Bitcoin to the sock vendor and 0.4 Bitcoin back to a new address in your wallet.
If you wanted to add a fee to that, you'd need to be able to change it to 0.1 Bitcoin to the vender, 0.001 Bitcoin to the fee, and 0.399 back to you.  Problem is there's no way for the system to know if the 0.1 was the payment or the 0.4 was your change.  So it can't let you change the 0.4 to a 0.399 because that might not be "your" money you're changing.
In first-seen-safe RBF, you can add another tx input and split it into fee and change as well, as long as you don't change any existing outputs.  But you have to have another unspent transaction that the fee can come out of.
@_date: 2016-03-14 05:22:56
China has some of the cheapest electricity in the world right now at around 8c/kWh vs 12c/kWh in the US and 20c/kWh in the UK.
Electricity is the single largest cost in mining. Mining centralized in China because you can't compete with that when your largest cost is 50% greater.
@_date: 2016-01-06 05:14:22
The debate isn't over the blockchain size, or the the block size directly.  The debate is over what the maximum allowable block size should be.  Until the existing block size limit is raised and/or other scaling solutions are implemented Bitcoin is limited to about 7 transactions per second.
Here are some historical facts leading up to the debate as neutrally as I think I can present them.
• When Bitcoin was first created in 2009, there was no maximum block size.
• In 2010 a limit of 1 MB was added by Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto to prevent a largely theoretical DOS attack.
• When the limit was added, the 1 MB was WAY bigger than the blocks at the time, and Satoshi proposed at the time that the limit could be raised in the future at a certain block height chosen in advance, before blocks ever started to get that big.
• some time later Satoshi left the project, when he did he turned to code base over to another developer, Gavin Andreson. Several other key Bitcoin related things were also distributed to other prominent members of the Bitcoin community including the moderator of this subreddit.
• No one is actually sure who Satoshi is, or what happened to him, he has not been heard from in years.  We don't know if he's changed his mind on how to allow scalability since then.
• Gavin invited other prominent Bitcoin developers to be part of a team leading development on the original Bitcoin implementation, which  is now called "Bitcoin Core".
• For almost the entire history of Bitcoin, blocks have been well under the 1 MB limit, and were unaffected by it. 
• When block sizes started to approach the limit debate began on how and when to raise it.
• Gavin created, wrote the code for, and throughly tested one of the first proposals for increasing the blocksize.  Gavin's proposal is designed to keep the limit well above the actual block size needed for all transactions in all but the most optimistic scenarios for Bitcoin adoption.
• One of the other developers, Greg Maxwell, stated a firm position that the blocksize limit should not be raised now and that other approaches to increasing the transaction rate should be adopted instead.
• There have been several additional "compromise" proposals that fall somewhere in between Greg's "don't raise the limit at all" proposal, and Gavin's "keep the limit so big that Bitcoin continues to be unaffected by it" proposal.  Many of which are acceptable to the majority of the community.  However Greg in particular has held firm in his belief that none of proposals that involve even a conservative increase in the limit should be adopted. 
• Due to the fact that not all of the developers of core have agreed to increase the limit at this time, none of the proposals increasing the blocksize were merged.
• Greg put forth a roadmap for the next year or so of development on Bitcoin core that did not include any blocksize increases but did include a proposal called "segregated witness" (segwit for short) that will allow an estimated 60% increase in capacity when completed and deployed. 
• Generally speaking no one really objects to segwit itself, but many in the community, (I think it's actually most of the community but that will be debated) are upset that there isn't also at least a conservative increase in the blocksize limit as well. 
• Within the last few months we've had times where we've seen several blocks in a row at 90+% of the limit.  And times when transactions took a longer than normal time to confirm.
Unfortunately this is about where I have to stop.  This is mostly just history, there's more to the debate, but to provide a neutral discussion you need to talk about the benefits, criticisms and motivations of each side, and this subreddit's rules don't allow for promotion of one side in particular.
I suggest repeating this question in some of the other Bitcoin subreddits for the rest of the story.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:50:51
No that's not correct.
Miners compute the hash on the block header, not the entire block.  The block header is the same size regardless of how many transactions are in the block.
Mining an empty block is no faster than mining a full one.
@_date: 2015-04-18 21:12:35
I read it as Uberland
@_date: 2015-11-04 07:02:55
To try to fathom just how big the address space is: if every person on earth, generated a new Bitcoin address for every person that has ever existed on earth, every second of everyday for their entire life.  We'd still have only used 0.0000000000000002% of the total possible addresses.
@_date: 2016-05-09 03:09:34
Tl;dr: The difficulty adjustments have the expected side effect of making to cost of mining a bitcoin just slightly less than the value of a bitcoin.  This will always be the case regardless of the size of the block reward, the total tx fees,  the current exchange rate, etc.
Basically, if mean tx fees per block or the value of a Bitcoin goes up, mining becomes profitable for more people, so more people start mining, that makes the difficulty go up which increases the cost of mining a Bitcoin.
When the tx fees go down,  the exchange rate goes down, or the block reward halves, Bitcoin stops being profitable for some of the miners and they stop mining.  This makes the difficulty go down which decreases the cost for the remaining miners.
Mining will always trend towards a point where there only are small profits for the few miners who can do it the most cost efficiently.
This is also why mining has centralized in China, the two biggest costs in mining are electricity and hardware.  China has cheap electricity and cheap semiconductor manufacturing so it costs less to mine there than almost anywhere else in the world.
Most people mining outside of China have been forced to abandon their operations because it costs them more than a Bitcoin to mine a Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-03 03:01:16
So electrum's website only provides PGP signatures of their builds that use SHA512 for hashing. They don't even list MD5 or other hashes by themselves. 
One shouldn't trust a MD5 hash anyway [because it's well know that MD5 has been all but broken for a while now](  Why use MD5 when more reliable alternatives exist.
But more importantly, his testimony wouldn't be anymore convincing if said he had verified the PGP signature.
Let's assume for the moment that Gavin was actually conned by a master con artist into believing that a computer that was pre-compromised to somehow fake the signature validation of the message Gavin was actually a brand new, clean, just purchased and still in the factory packaging computer. If you can fake the signature validation in electrum, you can also fake the signature validation in whatever PGP client was use to validate the copy of electurm.
To be useful, Gavin would have had to bring both his own copy of GPG to verify the signature, and his own copy of the signature itself.... If he had the foresight to do that, he would have just brought his own copy of Electrum too.
No, Gavin didn't check the "MD5 Hash"
Either CW is a great con man who's convinced several very smart people into believing a signature fake validation, he part of a conspiracy to try to pull the wool over our eyes, or he actually is satoshi. 
Either way time will tell.