@_author: dh127001
@_date: 2017-09-25 22:58:15
quantum computing algos?
@_date: 2017-09-26 10:06:52
Good luck mate. Please post the findings up here when ur done won't ya?
@_date: 2017-09-25 11:03:19
If you set up your miners correctly it's all pretty much automated. 
@_date: 2017-09-26 10:12:57
Is smoothie still around? 
@_date: 2017-10-22 06:21:50
Check out the free machine learning course over at edx.org, very good stuff. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 00:45:01
Care to address any of this? 
No of course you won't. Just slink back to your sub where you can have people banned for challenging you with far out concepts like basic logic and truth.
You and Vessenes are in bed together. Thief.
@_date: 2017-05-18 01:41:36


That's known as fraud. They have very strict laws against it. Why are there no criminal proceedings as a result of this alleged fraud? Why is mtgox suing for recovery of these funds instead of these individual customers if what you say is true? Why does all the evidence including the counterclaim point to you giving him the money?
Your bullshit statement doesn't hold up to even cursory critical analysis.
At the end of the day you're asking us to take the word of a known LIAR!
@_date: 2017-05-23 13:25:55
very interested, any moar?
when is this from?
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:16:25


Probably true but I think an open source agenda really holds true to the fundamental bitcoin ideal of decentralization.


I think it should almost go without saying that two of the organisations paramount goals would be to have segwit activated and end the bitmain tyranny. The whole point of a new asic player would be to unify the community and eradicate the need for a POW change.
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:42:51




So either he defrauded individual US citizens out of money? or he defrauded a japanese company out of money? which one is it?  




If this is the case then where is the evidence? Where is the statement he presented to gox customers getting them to deposit? 
Why has this fraud not been prosecuted criminally? Why haven't you pressed to have this done in the US?




We're talking millions of dollars and not a single peep from anybody? Doesn't seem right people come on here to complain about being scammed out of a couple of bucks.
Obviously there is some tangible legal basis for his lawsuit or else he wouldn't have had access to customer funds and the lawsuit wouldn't have gone anywhere. It's not too much of a stretch to think you're involved in this given it's impeccable timing WRT the insolvency announcement. 
You're still asking us to take a leap of faith that requires us to accept the word of a proven liar as truth, despite contrary claims and evidence. The same thing you've been doing the whole time since it was revealed what a colossal liar you really are. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 01:47:28
You have addressed none of my individual questions properly in either of those documents.
You funded this lawsuit.
You and Vessenes are in bed together and have been from the beginning.
You betrayed the bitcoin community.
You are scum.
@_date: 2017-05-25 04:07:10
people are so jaded at this point i don't think you could get many people on board until you have a design.
you would need to set up some sort of open source project foundation and publicly attach people who have : 
technical expertise
credibility within the btc community
a connection to a foundry
most urgently technical expertise, the others can wait.
create a superior asic design and open source it.
have a clear business plan moving forward when you seek funding.
you could launch a crypto asset tied to btc that represents shares in the company.
it needs to happen and it's possible for sure, you just need the right people. 
but if you have no expertise, reputation or capital of your own to bring, you gotta ask yourself if you're the right one to be championing this project? 
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:19:59
So basically you've wasted a bunch of time writing a long winded response as to why you can't answer my direct question because you're too busy. You've answered my questions nowhere. nowhere.
And if I ask them in your sub I get banned.
Why did he have access to the money at all if he wasn't holding to his side of the agreement? Why did you ignore basic due diligence at every turn along the way? 
I refuse to believe any person is that negligent.
I think you do this shit on purpose just to fuck with people. You are sick sociopath blight on humanity.


You owe me a lot of fucking money so save me the lecture, I have every fucking right to demand an answer to these questions. If you get away with being called a few bad names after what you've put us through you'll be very lucky. 
I'm only asking because you've failed to answer these very basic questions clearly but still try to promote the idea that you're somehow helpful, despite leaving us in the dark for years now with no resolution in sight.
I only call bad people names like murderers, rapists and you.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:11:33


We'll have to wait and see. I don't know what the chances of this this actually succeeding are (if there is any) and wouldn't count on it with only ~10% signalling so far.


I hadn't really thought of that, he probably would be. If not him then some other malevolent actor. Maybe it could start out as closed source then release designs some time after initial release.
If access to chips was fair, the demand would be huge and varied anyway and would ensure decentralization but we have the problem of having to trust the people running the company to act in good faith, which so far has not worked.
We always end up with the same situation where the community funds the design and manufacture of a miner and (if anything materializes at all) shady actors within the company rip everybody off, often in multiple ways and over the course of months and years.
 It could work if you had somewhat altruistic people in the organisation rather than the usual scumbags bitcoin seems to attract.
We seem to have hit a performance plateau at 14nm in that I don't know there's any plans to go smaller any time soon.  Now would be probably be as good a time as any to develop a chip to outperform the BM1387 or even just a reverse engineered clone where the chips were made available to everyone at near cost price =b
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:41:31
lol ripple
@_date: 2017-05-18 02:44:31
I'll try to tone it down just for you, giving you benefit of the doubt that you're not just a MK sockpuppet. Explain what I'm doing that's offending you so much and i'll try stop doing it. I'll even edit out the part where I said the "s" word if you want.
But I remind you that I replied to this thread and he decided to drop in here. I'm not in his sub, I should be allowed to offer an alternative view that isn't allowed in there somewhere on reddit. If he chooses to come and reply to my posts with lies and evasion, on top of what he's already done, he really does open himself up to being openly mocked and criticized. 
Are you seriously defending this man?
He's spewing lies. 
He claimed to be offended by the term "asshat" in his open letter. 
He won't even explain how Vessenes obtained $5M in customer funds. He states that Vessenes defrauded mtgox customers of this money when the counterclaim clearly states otherwise.
He popped up just quick enough to muddy the waters and then left. He can't give a straight answer to the most basic questions. This has been going on for years. It's infuriating.
@_date: 2017-05-21 07:51:01
As btc is a new asset class any "valuation" you put on it will be incorrect. 
The inflation protection and censorship resistant properties alone make it very very valuable.
Yes the explanation for this bubble is greed: govt and corporate greed driving people into cryptos one way or another. 
I'm not saying it's going to be this one, but one of these bubbles is not going to pop, it  is the fiat bubble that will pop instead.
@_date: 2017-05-18 02:23:22
You've got time to pop up within minutes and give evasive one sentence answers and blatant lies.
But when it comes time to give a proper answer to legitimate questions you're nowhere to be found.
I expect nothing less from a lying thief like yourself.
You're a goddamn joke I can't believe you're not in prison.
@_date: 2017-05-17 23:58:49
Proof? If that's the case then why hasn't anybody sued him for damages? 
Even if that is true you were the one who publicly endorsed him and made the "deal" with coinlab, you are largely responsible for the funds that ended up in his hands. 
You are a despicable thief and liar, go to hell you fat maggot.
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:25:23
The list is very long but the MO is basically the same:
collect pre order money for an asic, then either split with the money, or build the asic and mine with it for as long as possible for personal gain, fobbing off investors with every possible excuse under the sun.
Starting with butterfly labs, the mother and darling of all asic pre order scams. Sonny V and co were bad, bad, bad in every way. I'm sure they just mined with customer/investor gear and I think they still owe people money.
Avalon screwed a bunch of people with 10k chip orders. Chips arrived months late by which stage the hashrate had gone up astronomically and the roi was trashed. Again I'm sure he was either mining with them or sold them for an inflated price to a large bidder who bought all of them. Pretty sure they did some more questionable things after this but I gave up on them after they screwed me over.
Bitfury did nothing for hobby level miners and could've been much much more helpful to the community.
KNC looked good but their rollout was plagued with scammy behavior and poor quality hardware.
Hashfast made off with the millions, no hardware.
There's heaps more than this and they collectively raised many millions of dollars of community funds and funneled a lot of the profits from the growing bitcoin network into their own pockets ie these assholes now have much more power. 
I kinda gave up following mining at that point but it appears as though Wu has won the mining arms race and is using this power to increase (centralization) his short term profits through mining fees, holding the network to ransom to change the fundamental protocol and or drive people into alts which he probably has heaps of anyway. To me what he's doing is the worst kind of scam and it is often what happens when the greediest people get large capital backing.
Try getting capital for a legit asic manufacturer now and you have to deal with the legacy created by many con artists and thieves. I don't see things changing unless uasf because the damage is already done and is significant.
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:22:05


Oh my god that's rich coming from you. I worked my hands to the fucking bones for years to make the money I had in gox. Judging from your appearance I'd say you've never done a days honest work in your life. 
What "work" is it that you're so busy doing now that you're terminally unemployable not to mention bitterly disliked? 


All i was asking for was a proper response, you couldn't even give that.
"How can you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell me that you’re out of breath? The excuse you make to delay the news is longer than the news itself."
And if what you're working on is so important that you don't have five minutes to write a proper reply why are you even on reddit at all?
If the answers to these questions are so obvious and well known then why do I have to trawl through hundreds of pages of court documents to find them? I'm not your fucking paralegal secretary, you explain it to me. You owe me much more than that.
I have been following this case in the news for years and still find no answer to these questions, please give a proper answer. I genuinely want to know the answer. I'll even stop calling you names... for a while.
How did Vessenes end up with 5M of mtgox customer funds if you didn't give them to him?
If what you say about him misleading gox creditors out of their money is true, why is he not liable for fraud and why are you suing him for the damages instead of the individuals?
That is of course if you're not too busy "working" to take 5 minutes out of your busy schedule to answer legitimate questions from one of the people whose lives you ruined, which conveniently happens every time you're challenged in any way.
@_date: 2017-05-18 01:12:29
If you didn't give him the money, then he criminally defrauded people of it. Why are there no criminal proceedings against him? 
This would be very easy to prove if it were true. 
If he defrauded individual depositors like you state, why are you the one suing for damages instead of them?
How did he have access to customer deposits if he didn't have a live service?
Where exactly in your open letter and counterclaim do you address these questions? 
@_date: 2017-05-30 23:49:38


Agreed. 
Fundamental things need to be changed for true decentralization to occur. Wu and his shills have too much to gain by leaving things the way they are and they are leveraging their monopoly on mining to gain even more control. 
Maybe UASF will help with that, I'm not sure. It seems very risky and I'm not sure it's been tested properly yet. If it succeeds it will redefine the entire power structure of the network.
I know that as long as things remain as they are, the fundamentals of bitcoin are hugely flawed and this fact is leaving the door wide open for one of the technically superior alts to steal the show. The leakage of capital is already massive and I don't see it stopping. 
Judging by the way Wu's systematically pillaging and destroying btc, I'd say he's heavily invested in alts and this is what he really wants anyway.
The thing that really pisses me off about it is that we had numerous asic companies that all turned out to be scams. The only one that really pulls through turns out to be run by a complete maniac. If we'd trusted decent people with our monies things would look very differently today.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:45:06
I have nowhere seen any hard evidence to prove what his claims, just his worthless word. Every step along the way we're supposed to believe he is just inhumanly negligent, not calculating and deceptive.
All I see is that Vessenses is using gox customer money, some of which may not have come from gox directly, to get our coins. 
Mark made the deal with him, gave him the money. It was his responsibility to make sure this couldn't happen. He failed at this responsibility, I believe it was intentional. 
To call the lawsuit frivolous is seems to be pretty inaccurate considering he seems to have some real legal basis for his claim and will be able to hold us up until 2020.
I'm over it too, gonna go play outside. Peace.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:41:08


It would be pretty cool to see.


I think it would have to at first. Maybe the first batches of miners could be hosted at a single site until segwit is passed then sent out to miners.
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:34:09
It's just a straight swap, the settlement units are whatever two currencies that make up that trading pair.
@_date: 2017-05-19 15:16:33
If you signal it they will come...
@_date: 2017-05-18 00:13:42
You're the one suing, you gave him the money nobody else.
No individuals whose deposits were supposedly illegally converted have sued coinlab which is what you'd expect if they'd lost a large amount of money.


Yeah well you're still a despicable thieving, lying maggot.
Go to hell you piece of shit.
@_date: 2017-05-18 00:28:53


If this were the case and he obtained funds through direct deception like you're stating, he would be in prison.
What you're telling us doesn't add up at all.
@_date: 2017-05-25 02:19:42
So many asic pre order scams. You're gonna find it very difficult to get people to trust you considering almost every single one has turned out to be a complete farce.
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:09:24
I'm afraid all I can really offer at the moment is perspective. But I am willing to help in any way I can.
We should be aiming to promote decentralization as much as possible.
I actually want to get an fpga dev kit myself and see if I can get it hashing.  As I understand it this method can be used to test actual asic designs without shelling the dough for a tapeout.
 
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:47:56


No idea, I'm not in charge of criminal proceedings in the US.
Cute response, I think you should be able to give a bit more information than that considering what you're expecting me to swallow: that this man openly defrauded people out of millions of dollars in the USA and not one person has pressed criminal charges or filed a civil suit to recover the money?
I find this incredibly difficult to believe. There must be more to it. Or it's just plainly false. 


Why is the only evidence of this happening a document you paid to have created? Where is the evidence of this happening? Where are the statements from individuals who made these deposits? Where is the statement from coinlab suggesting gox customers make deposits into their account?
Were people depositing money into coinlab accounts thinking they were putting money into gox?
Where are the first hand reports of any individuals tricked out of money by coinlab lying about having a live service?
@_date: 2017-05-20 22:38:23
SOY! SOY! SOY!
@_date: 2017-07-03 02:41:36
Based on the fact that we can't even implement a scaling solution in a timely fashion. We should probably be worrying about it now.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:06:37
Sure there's differences in price in different countries. But I don't think a difference this big can happen because arbitrage.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:33:41
Except for the fact that MK was calling for "patience" and "calm" while they work through "minor withdrawal issues" and I trusted him for some bizarre reason. That's what get's me the most, knowing that I saw the signs but decided to trust this guy anyway. 
I now know I was lied to by him.
All the people who stood by Mark and believed what he said got screwed and the people who didn't said I told you so. The more time goes on the more it looks like he was in on it. All the things he says and does turn out to be meaningless gestures or backhand insults, whichever way you want to take them.
I'm not asking for sympathy but when it's implied that i'm not hard working by an unemployed guy who ruined my life and looks like he hasn't seen the sun in years, it's a bit hard to take.
@_date: 2017-05-17 22:58:38
To those calling the lawsuit "frivolous".
Obviously they had a major deal in place otherwise MK wouldn't have given Vessenes $5M.
MK funded the lawsuit because he knew he was insolvent, to distract people away from the prime suspect in the theft: himself.
Everybody knows full well Vessenes will not drop the lawsuit. This letter is just another in a long list of empty gestures and veiled "fuck you's" MK has sent towards creditors, who seem to intent on kissing his ass despite the fact that he's literally the only suspect in the largest heist of all time and should be in prison.
@_date: 2017-06-22 00:50:10
Nobody can really say because we haven't had a major incident since cryptos were invented. It could just be the event that sees bitcoin reach critical mass in a maximalist scenario. We won't know for sure though until it happens and history suggests we won't be waiting that long to find out.
@_date: 2017-07-29 04:13:03
Logic would dictate that they be required to return stolen coins to gox users before they do any auction but given the track record you're probably right.
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:48:35


these two are not mutually exclusive, he can profit enormously from alts by disrupting the btc network.
@_date: 2017-06-10 05:34:53


Closely related to this is the whole early adopter problem itself. In a bitcoin maximum scenario you still end up with an elite, just a different group of people. Everybody conveniently forgets about this but I don't see how this can be overcome without switching to a different currency.
@_date: 2017-06-04 00:16:49
History would say you are probably right, but this time it's different I swear.
@_date: 2017-06-07 23:22:57
Get a banking license in the dominican republic. Then you can do whatever you want.
@_date: 2017-06-10 21:45:51
Popularity.