@_author: dhruvbansal
@_date: 2018-08-15 14:43:38
I'm one of the founders of Unchained Capital so I'm biased, but I think you should borrow with us if you can.
If you're thinking about borrowing against your crypto, [read]( or [watch]( how our product works, but -- as a Bitcoin hodler myself -- here are some reasons why I think we're the best provider:
* Your collateral is stored as safely as possible in a dedicated address from our multisig, cold storage wallet.  (Our competitors use single-sig, exchanges, or 3rd parties.)
* We don't have any bullshit tokens we released to enrich ourselves.  Lending against Bitcoin does not require new tokens.
* I invite you to experience our excellent customer service.  If the market is down and you're being margin-called, wouldn't you prefer the ability to speak directly with your loan officer on the phone?  Compare this to lurking in a Telegram chat room, which is all many of our competitors offer.
* Our team is made of hodlers, technologists, and serial entrepreneurs who have built and grown (and sold!) startups before.  We have awesome investors, a rich product roadmap, and enough lending and equity capital to survive any crypto winter.
Remember, friends don't let friends sell crypto.
@_date: 2018-04-17 22:29:31
Yes, I absolutely agree.  Part 2 of the blog post series will attempt to quantify how much BTC is lost, using the age bands as a proxy.
We have also run this same analysis on the BCH blockchain's UTXO distribution...the differences from BTC post-fork are totally fascinating.
We'll be writing all this up on our blog, so stay tuned!
@_date: 2018-04-18 06:14:55
I'm one of the authors of this blog post.  Thank you for linking to it!
We were inspired by a [prior Reddit post]( by to redo the analysis of the Bitcoin UTXO age distribution but up through the present day.
We found some very interesting patterns such as the  "HODL Waves", we present in Part 1 of this series of Bitcoin data science blog posts.
Several comments on this thread have anticipated that the amount of very old Bitcoin is related to the amount of lost Bitcoin.  We'll take up this issue in Part 2 of our series ("How much Bitcoin is lost?"), so stay tuned!
For those wanting updates of this chart -- just bookmark and come back to the [original blogpost]( -- the embedded chart will be updated every few days by our team.
Thanks for your interest!
@_date: 2018-04-17 21:39:43
Thanks for posting this link -- we were just about to!
We were inspired by a [prior Reddit post]( by to redo the analysis of the Bitcoin UTXO age distribution but up through the present day.
We found some very interesting patterns such as the  "HODL Waves", we present in Part 1 of this series of Bitcoin data science blog posts.
Stay tuned for Part 2 ("How much Bitcoin is lost?") and Part 3 ("Dust in the chain").