@_author: di_l3r
@_date: 2016-08-24 16:08:30
So I read the German version and it is not clear to me what they are talking about. It starts off sounding like they will create their own bitcoin-like currency (altcoin) but at the very end it just says


my translation:


So how is that different from the current system? There is no way they will actually keep cash at a bank for every transaction. It's not feasible. It will end up like what we do now, where a clear majority of the money is just virtual and only a small part is hold in cash at banks. Which is totally fine and makes sense. 
So instead of a number on a computer representing the cash like we have it now, we will soon have a coin representing cash? How is that different? It sounds like they just change the € sign on their computer with a sign for their coin.
If it's not open and just shared between banks, why use a blockchain? Even if the banks dont trust each other, isn't that what contracts are for? Just use a normal database and be done with it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:34:59
But how does the starting node know all the prices of all connected nodes? Does it have to ask every single one before each transaction? If it just sends to the cheapest one and that also sends it to the cheapest and so on and so forth, how do we know it actually reaches the target node? And how do we know if that route was overall cheaper than sending it to more expensive but less amount of nodes?
If we cache that, how can we deal with offline nodes and changing prices?
It seems like there is a lot of information needed to create a smart route through the network. As far as I'm aware there is no information available on how lightning will solve this issue.
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:16:01


Last I heard was that the official bitcoin core wallet doesn't fully support Sewgit. You can't really blame others for also not doing it until then.
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:49:45
So exchanges would be like banks nowadays? Just in terms of routing/network layout. Lightning would still have the benefit of owning the money in a mtgox event like you describe of course.


Is this actually possible within the same payment channel, like an update? Or do you have to close the channel and reopen it with more money?
@_date: 2017-12-24 21:11:36
The competition is exactly the same, it doesn't matter what's in the block. Sometimes completely empty blocks get mined.  
You could set up a miner and change it to include lowest fee transactions first, but you would lose out on money and the chances of you actually creating a valid block would be like one in a billion unless you bring some serious hardware (millions of dollars).
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:26:29
Don't confuse full nodes with miners. A full node is just someone who has a full copy of the blockchain and is connected to the internet so he/she can receive new blocks and then send them to other full nodes. That's how the blocks spread to everyone in the network. Full nodes don't create blocks, they just send them to others.
To be a full node you just need a decent internet connection (nothing fancy really) and space to store the blockchain (again, nothing too special).
To be a miner you need either a lot of very expensive hardware to mine by yourself, or you get cheaper hardware and join a mining pool. The idea behind a mining pool is simple: with cheap hardware you would only be able to create a block maybe once a year, but then get the full reward from it. To get a more steady income you can join others with the same problem, so you create blocks together, more reliably (for example once a day). But then you have to share the profit from that with the others in the pool of course.  
So for example instead of getting ~$170.000 once a year, you get ~$460 every day. Just makes it easier and you don't rely on chance as much.
Wether lightning will help decentralization is debatable.  
Lightning makes use of payment channels, which can be thought of as two people sending each other the same amount of bitcoins over the blockchain in a way both can not use them immediately. They can then alter the amount retroactively to let one side profit from the transaction.
Example: A sends 10 bitcoins to B. B also sends 10 bitcoins to A.  
If A wants to send money to B, he can just tell B "hey listen, I send you 10 bitcoins but you only have to send me 9". They can overwrite the amounts they promised to send without the need to write this updated version to the blockchain! They can effectively pay each other this way by just signing additional "contracts". In this example B would end up with 1 bitcoin more.
This makes it possible to send an almost infinite amount of "transactions" between two people. The limits are only a certain time window which acts as a safety mechanism in case one side tries to cheat and of course the funding of the channel (the initial transaction value). In the end, when a limit is reached or one side wants to end early, a blockchain transaction has to be done to finalize the "contract". Therefore a payment channel needs two blockchain transactions in total, but can have a seemingly infinite amount of "transactions" in between.
Lightning builds on top of that and allows people to send money across payment channels as long as there is any connection between them. Example:  
If A has a payment channel to B and B also has a payment channel to C it would look like this:  
A &lt;---&gt; B &lt;---&gt; C  
So while A has no direct connection to C, it can use B to send money to C.  
The same limits as before apply as far as I'm aware.
If we think this through it would seem like the most effective use of lightning would be to have big hubs with lots of money that can make connections to lots of people. That way it's possible for you to send money to lots of people by only funding one channel. You wouldn't want a scenario where every company has it's own hub, so you have to open lots of channel, all well funded with money.
I've seen people compare it to the banking system (in a good way), where big cooperations or rich people could create hubs for different use cases with different service fees for using their hub. The benefits over the traditional banking system would be that everyone could create a hub, there is no need for permissions (at least in theory, maybe governments find a way to monitor it and then require a license) but most importantly, money can't be printed out of thin air and everything is verifiable to the last cent. In case of a "bank run" the money actually exist. Problematic of course would be the high fees and low throughput of the blockchain in this case.  
High fees would also be very problematic if you had to pay someone who is not connected to a hub. Same goes for payment channels that get closed early, maybe even directly after one payment, in which case they are twice as expensive as a normal bitcoin transaction.
I hope you can see now why so many people are having discussions about this technology and what its use case would end up looking like.
@_date: 2017-12-29 19:58:32
A transaction using Schnorr signature is using less bytes than a normal transaction, correct?  
That's why it has less fees overall, but the fees per byte doesn't change, right?
If I understand that correctly then it should be like this:
Let's say before Schnorr a block fits exactly 1000kb and consits of 500kb honest users transactions and 500kb of attackers transactions. Let's keep it simple and say each transaction is exactly 1kb.
Both sides are competing to get into the block, so both parties have to pay the highest fee.
With Schnorr, the honest side needs less space for each transaction, meaning more users can fit into the block. If before we had 500 people occupying the 500kb of the block, we might now have 650 people using the same space of 500kb.
The fee paid per user is now less than before, but the attacker still has to pay the same fee, no?
@_date: 2017-12-29 18:55:28


I don't understand the last sentence of this quote. Care to elaborate?
I can see how Schnorr signatures would be a small benefit to honest users, but if their fees drop, wouldn't that mean that all fees drop in total and therefore the attacker has to pay less fees to be included in a block?
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:59:07
So what's the problem? You can have both. One doesn't stop the other. Other coins with bigger blocks want to implement lightning in the future too, it's not a bitcoin exclusive idea.  
The malleability problem segwit fixes can be fixed in lots of other ways too.
You can support lightning independent of a coin by helping the developers, or help testing it, or maybe with a donation if you want.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:15:56
There is a new blog post today where they acknowledge the problem and they talk about upgrades that they will implement next week.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:44:15
I don't believe that enough people would intentionally pay a higher transaction fee (for a long time for it to matter) just to make it slightly more expensive for an attacker.
I would guess that if enough people actually use Schnorr signature, it might make a dent in the transaction backlog, reduce the fees slightly overall for everyone and therefore making it slightly cheaper for an attacker to clock up the blocks.
@_date: 2017-12-29 18:35:39
Your logic doesn't check out. Example:
Anna: "I think I will shoot myself in the head with a hunting rifle"
Bob: "A pistol would be much better for that"
You: "Bob wants to kill Anna!!!"
You have to separate technology from emotions towards people. When a core developer builds something useful, then there is no reason not to use it, even if you don't agree with characteristics of that developer.  
That's the beauty of code and open source projects.  
You for example might not agree with the rather extreme religios views of a certain core dev, yet you can still use bitcoin just fine. There is no problem.
Also, people usually don't talk about lightning itself being bad. There are some merits to the technology. People argue the usefulness of the technology and that it won't do what people think it will do.
The conspiracy theories are not about a technology being evil or controlled by banks, they are about the developers getting paid by banks to do harm to the technology by blocking progress.
@_date: 2015-12-05 11:26:40
Seems nice but it also sounds like there are a couple of fees included with all those currency exchanges and middle-men going on. If I send 25€ with this, how much actually arrives at the end? Any info on that?
@_date: 2017-12-29 21:39:34
A system where everyone has to work together and even pay a price for it will never work. If a wallet would ever intentionally increase the fee, users would simply switch the wallet.
The effectivness of it is also highly questionable. An attacker with literally millions to spend on an attack doesn't care about an extra few thousand dollar to spend on slightly higher fees.  
The people doing &lt;$10 transactions do.
To me it seems like Schnorr signature will not prevent a spam attack in any meaningfull way. It still seems like a good addition to bitcoin because of the multi signature fix.
@_date: 2015-12-24 15:27:52
**tl;dr:** Yeah if you want to see it in a positive way you could say that with LN there is just more space to fill the required amount of on-chain-transactions bitcoin needs for miners to keep mining.
**The long explanation would be:**
While the difficulty of the blockchain would adjust with less miners and it would therefore still be worthwile doing the mining (less earnings but also less electricity costs) we do need a minimum amount of miners for the blockchain to be secure otherwise it's to easy to make a 51% attack (we try to stay decentralized, etc)
So we do need an incentive for miners. So far this has mostly been the block reward but in the future the fees will be more important, meaning that a high total fee (and therefore a lot of transactions with hopefully low fees) is desireable.
(random numbers incoming)
So if right now we have a million people using bitcoin and 90% of them paying a fee is enough, then with LN maybe 100 million people will use it while only 1% of them pay a fee. Overall the fees for the miners might end up being roughly the same.
This of course means that LN without a big increase in adoption would cause a security concern.
@_date: 2014-11-02 21:28:30
100 bits Have fun :)
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:36:27
Roughly summarized:
It was a very positive video about what bitcoin is without going into any details. They mentioned positive things like the fact that it is more secure and cheaper than the traditional banking system. The video showed that bitcoin is about trusting math instead of goverments. They explained that bitcoin is decentralized and what that means. It's a automated system and people who help secure the network and check transactions get rewarded in bitcoin.
They also talked about the reaction of banks and governments and how they try to ban it or make it sound like something terrible. "Governments are afraid".
The only negative thing was this one guy called Nessim at ~11:30 who said that about 70% of all bitcoin users just use bitcoin to gain money and not to buy/sell stuff. He said it dropped down from about 90% so the trend is to actually use it. But still he thinks that it is way too risky for people because the price can go down by a lot in a short timeframe. He thinks the future is problematic. How can people gain trust in a currency that fluctuates that much? Then he talks about how in 3+ years the Euro or Dollar might just adapt and then there might just be a electronic crypto dollar/euro "beating bitcoin with its own weapon".
In the end the video talks about how bitcoin is popular amongst liberals and mavericks(?). People who don't trust the government, who are not afraid to try something new and love technology. It sounded very positive and didn't come off as something negative.
Overall a pretty good video.
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:17:36
This sounds about right. And the higher amount of traffic is what concerns me. I mean we are talking about a multitude of increase here. Instead of 1 miner sending his block to everyone we would have pretty much every miner sending blocks around and we have to wait until they are confirmed by N-1 amount of people before one can sign the block as the official next block.
This introduces a problem we currently don't have, where the amount of miner and full nodes significantly increase the amount of traffic on the network. I also don't know if a difficulty adjustment every 2016 would still be enough. It seems a bit more risky overall.
All in all it's a very interesting idea and I hope some people smarter than me talk about it and work out all the problems.
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:52:09
He obviously meant 30 confirmed blocks, duh
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:04:40
Yep. That's exactly what I thought. I mean he's not wrong per se. Having wild fluctuation scares some people away. But we can bypass that temporary problem of fluctuation by using services like bitpay.
He is also not wrong when he says that governments could create a cryptocurrency that is better than the current fiat money but it would still be centralized and therefore not the same as bitcoin. Using cryptograpy is only one of many aspects why bitcoin is better/different.
@_date: 2014-12-13 12:55:07
What about lost bitcoins though? At one point they will probably outweigh the newly created bitcoins from solved blocks. Making bitcoin deflationary earlier than the year ~2140 right?
Plus maybe there will be more use for bitcoins other than just as a currency where some bitcoins get used ("converted") differently than a currency would (as a token of some kind for example). I'm not sure if that would make a difference though. The line of bitcoin as currency or non-currency is getting too blurry for me here.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:06:06
Nice, we need more videos like this!
I really like your 22 min video, even though I had to watch it 3-4  times to understand everything. But it helped a lot.
I think this video will now help getting all those people interested who didn't want to spend 22 minutes on a youtube video or couldn't understand it and gave up.
That's very important if we want people to adopt bitcoin. So thanks for making it a bit easier for those people :)
@_date: 2014-10-18 12:59:37
Hm.. I hope you can help me understand this.
Why are the commercial banks not lending out more money to people? They would make more money from the people than they get parking their money at the central bank right?
Is the only problem that there are no people who can afford to get a loan from a bank, because they know they can't pay it back?
Is that the problem?
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:53:40
Not sure if this is a moronic question (it probably is in some parts), so here we go:
**How do I secure my bitcoins offline with a backup that doesnt introduce a single point of failure and how do I test my setup without sacrificing its security?**
I have an old laptop I want to use as an offline storage device. It is currently running Armory and hasn't been connected to the internet since I formatted it. I made a paper backup of the wallet.
My PC is running the full Armory client, up to date with an internet connection and has the wallet as watch only.
What I dont like about this setup is that in case someone breaks into the house the thief only needs to steal the paper. My laptop is encrypted (just to give me time to move the bitcoins in case it gets stolen) and the PC would be worthless (at least for the bitcoins).
So I looked into lockboxes, Armorys version of multi sig wallets I guess. Im thinking about making a 2 of 3 lockbox. One is my laptop, another one could be my smartphone (like a normal 2FA) and the third.. my normal PC?! But then I still have a problem if someone breaks in and takes laptop and PC (my phone should be with me at all times when Im out of the house).
I also dont know how I would store the paper backups in a way that doesnt introduce more security holes.
And the last part is how do I test the setup once its done without losing security? Im not sure if this is true but if I send a test transaction from the offline wallet to another wallet of mine, doesn't that give away information about my offline wallet a hacker could use?
I don't have many bitcoins, so it's probably overkill for now, but who knows. Bitcoins might be worth a lot more in the future and I want to make it right from the beginning and Im interested in what you guys think, or how you store your bitcoins.
**tl;dr** What is a good setup for an offline cold storage "2 of 3" multi sig wallet with armory (or other) and backup that doesnt sacrifice the security? How can I test that setup without losing security?
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:25:19
The other nodes already check &amp; confirm the blocks. But they only check for the current rules and they don't prevent double spending.
If I understand you correctly you would still allow a pool to do more than 3 blocks if those blocks are checked by other nodes and are deemed "ok".
But I don't know what those other nodes could check. The blocks look normal until the attacker publishes his other premined blocks, which again look ok to nodes, as long as they haven't seen the first blocks yet.
But if you say that a pool just can't get more than 3 blocks in a row, no matter what, that would make it interesting. I would even go further and say that after a pool published a block, the next block has to come from another pool. Don't know if it is technically possible... haven't really put much thought into it. The idea is to make sure that there is always someone implementing unconfirmed transactions and give an incentive to miners to leave a pool after it hit a certain amount of hashing power, because even with more than 50% hashing power you could still only get the rewards for every second block (50%). Maybe even prevent a pool from mining the next two blocks. Then it wouldn't make sense for a miner to join a pool that already is at 33%. Rewards would decrease for a big pool, fees get higher, miners leave to join smaller (&lt;33%) pools. At least in theory without thinking too much about it.. someone else can tell my what that idea is bad.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:47:22
How do more nodes not affect the traffic? If a node enters the network than that's one more node to send a block to isn't it? It's also one more node that is sending blocks and potentially a node that is one of the randomly selected 3 so now it has to send the updated block to all the other nodes again.
@_date: 2014-09-21 17:42:48
My non-technincal reply to such a person would be:
Once you paid for something in bitcoin, those bitcoins get checked automatically by computers owned by thousands of people around the world. If they see your bitcoin twice, they will just ignore everything but the first payment they saw. After a few minutes all those people hold a voting and the majority decides which one of your transactions should be the accepted one. Depending on which of the transactions the majority saw first, they will either accept your first or your second one, but never both. Those bitcoins are now known to everyone as 'spent' and will be ignored automatically in case you try to use them again.
Not technically correct but close enough to the truth while still somewhat easy to understand I hope. You could even then tell them that for their service these people will get paid in bitcoin, to explain how bitcoins get created.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:24:55
Great video! Only one thing that is bothering me a bit when people talk about how good bitcoin is for micropayments, is that it isn't really that good at them moment. As he said himself, he paid 5 cents to give someone 50 cents. While 10% is probably better than other payment systems, it's not something I would point out as something awesome just yet.
There are some interesting solutions to the problem, but I don't know if any solution is actively being worked on right now. I think the best idea atm is to collect several micropayments and bundle them up together in one bigger payment and divide the fee between all people. It delays the payment a bit, but make it much cheaper.
Don't know.. just wanted to point that out. Maybe I'm missing some development in that regards.
@_date: 2014-12-24 01:54:42
Thanks I will look into it.
I would like to use a paper backup only as the emergency solution for when I get robbed or forget my passwords. Then have the eletronic wallets distributed in a way that losing two of them in one attack is highly unlikely (for example storing one key on the phone which I carry around with me and another on a pc that is always at home).
Well you definitely helped me, so thanks :)
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:53:45
Thanks for the reply :)
Do I understand it correctly that you NEED the fragmented paper to make a transaction though? You don't have it in eletronic form and restore the wallet from paper for every transaction right? (I get that spending from a cold wallet is very rare, just want to make sure I understand it)
What tool did you use to make your fragmented paper wallet? Because that is something I was looking into too. That would eliminate the single point of failure of a simple paper backup of my offline wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-12 21:07:32
Isn't that how it always starts? You find something you are both interested in and then just go from there. You don't have to be friends with everyone who attends a meetup event, but chances are you will find some people who also enjoy another thing you like too.
It's just a starting point.
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:58:51
Can you explain that a bit further? What do you mean by "automatically switches to confirm that with other networks"?
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:44:13
It would be much much more than just multiplying it by 1000. Right now the miner only sends 1 block once it's finished and only has to be checked once. Not even everyone on the network has to see it.
With this new idea every miner would send blocks all the time and we have to send it to everyone to find the randomly selected nodes.
As explained in the paper the difficulty will be lowered drastically so miners can create several blocks in 10 minutes. Lets say 5. That means with 1000 miners we would have 5000 blocks entering the network which then have to be send to everyone with a full node. Lets say 7000 full nodes are online. Now every full node has to receive and send as many of the 5000 blocks as they can, sending each one to all the other 6999 nodes.
How does a node know if it's the last one of the randomly selected nodes? As I understand it the node has to sign the block and then send it out again. So we not only have the initial 5000 blocks but also a couple of thousand blocks who have one or two signatures floating around?!
As far as I know traffic is already a small issue. I'm not sure if we can just increase it by a couple of thousands and say it's fine.
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:52:11
My first thought when reading your post and making my comment was "naaah.. it can't be that easy.. there must be something terribly wrong with the idea".
But I don't think anyone here is reading this. We are too far down already. Maybe it's worth making another thread for it.
@_date: 2014-06-19 12:13:52
Can a miner generate multiple "empty blocks" and send them through the network? If I understand it correctly as a miner you not only have to find a block that is valid according to the current difficulty, but also one that will create random adresses of people who are actually online. I guess sending the same block will result in the same random people, but if a miner changes his nonce to create different blocks he could increase his chances right?
Do full nodes then get a lot of blocks and have to check all of them? How much extra work are we talking about? Would we still get a new block every 10 minutes?
Doesn't this whole idea then require a certain amount of miners to be active? Because it sounds to me that the chances of having N people online are rather slim and most blocks would not get validated. The randomly selected adresses can be everyone who has ever used bitcoin right? But only full nodes check if they are it. Im a bit confused. It sounds like we would select N people out of maybe a million or so (everyone who [recently] made a transaction), but only a couple of thousand check if they got selected?!
This is the part where you lost me:




block and thereby derive N other pseudorandom stakeholders, so the overall difficulty will readjust both
according to the total hashpower and according to what fraction of all the stakeholders is online.
@_date: 2017-02-10 16:19:20
If we take the example of three people (A,B,C) where A connects to B and B connects to C:
A - B - C
We saw that A can pay C since both have open channels with B.
If I have an open channel to A and have to pay person C, it would look like this:
Me - A - B - C
That works right? My question is, does the nLT of the existing channels A to B to C affect me in any way? Does it have to be higher/lower than my open channel between me and A?
Does the nLT affect the maximum amount of people forming such a chain? For example: assuming people wouldn't want to wait longer than a month to get a refund in the worst case scenario, can they only use ~30 people between them and the person they want to pay?
@_date: 2015-01-01 10:39:27
Im not sure if I understand the idea here. Can someone enlighten me?
You made 10 wallets and put a few dollar in each and now you are waiting for a hacker to get to one of them? Can you actually lose them? Are those all your bitcoins?
If a hacker gets them what do you do?
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:49:06


I never heard about this. Do miners not include a tx like that and then you can just send it again?
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:51:14
Use a complete empty line to make a new paragraph (press enter twice) and you can quote people by using the "&gt;" symbol.
    &gt;  This is a quote


@_date: 2017-03-13 20:14:20
What exactly is the difference compared to how bitcoin works? On the original blockchain a split can happen too right? But if it does, miners would switch to the longer chain quickly. Is that missing from BU?
Do miner continously mine on the dying blockchain fork as fast as the majority of miners do on the longer chain?
@_date: 2017-03-13 23:20:22
So lets say I'm a miner with EB 1MB and AD 6 as you said. Latest block (let's say it's  was a normal 1MB block.
A miner called Dwayne Johnson now makes a block ( with 1.5MB, while at the same time another miner named Peter Dinklage makes a block (also  with 1MB.
I will not accept Dwaynes block and only the one from Peter.  
Ok so lets say most miners run my settings (it's the default iirc). So most miners will not care about Dwaynes block. Therefore it is very likely that the next found block will be placed on top of block  from peter.
Once that happens the miners who where working on Dwaynes chain will stop their work and build on top of the new block  Or is that the difference between core and BU? Will they stay on the now shorter chain and potentially lose money?
The attack vector here would be for the minority of miners to stay on the losing fork and mine 6 blocks faster than the majority of miners? So lets say they create block  to  while the peter chain is only at block  or lower. THEN I would say "screw you peter", ignore all the blocks  throughout  and retroactively accept block  -  from Dwaynes chain. Which would be a problem for transactions who somehow only ended up on Peters smaller block chain, but not on the bigger block one.
How can an attacker make this more likely? I would assume an attacker would try to mine empty blocks, but I'm not sure how he would be faster then the majority. And if he has the majority, then I guess that's just the correct representation of what miners want and it's ok?!
If all miners have different settings it looks to me like whatever is the smallest most commonly accepted size by the majority will be the chain that wins.
For example: I'm a miner with 1MB settings, my sister has 1.5MB, my brother 2MB and my mom 3Mb. We will all include the 1MB blocks. My family will include 1.5MB blocks, but I won't. 3 of us would except a 2MB block and only my mom a 3MB block. Statistically speaking that should mean that basically all blocks will be 1-2MB right? Because more than that and a minority will have to win against a majority 6 times in a row.
I can see how an AD of less than 6 would be dangerous. But since it's about the miners money, they are incentivised to be very careful with that number.
To me it looks like most miners would set that number rather high, which also means that the number might become rather pointless since no miner will ever except a large reorg like that and only votes by adjusting the EB value to be more in line with the average. In my family example above I might adjust it to 1.5MB after some time and my mom would lower it to 2MB because her blocks get rejected all the time.
@_date: 2017-03-13 20:38:19
I know the difference between a hardfork away from the current valid protocol and a fork that just happens because 2 miners found a block at roughly the same time.
My question was: what is the difference between a fork that happens because 2 miners find a block at roughly the same time in the current bitcoin blockchain versus that scenario in the BU blockchain (should it exist in the future).
The top comment makes it sound like there is a huge difference but I'm not sure I understand the thing that makes them so different.
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:49:08
at 42 minutes
@_date: 2017-08-02 08:13:09
If you have your private keys but your wallet doesn't support bitcoin cash then it's not a problem. You only have to download a bitcoin cash wallet you trust. In theory it would be enough to just import your private keys (or your whole seed) into a bitcoin cash wallet, but I wouldn't trust them with that, since this would give the bitcoin cash wallet developer the possibility to steal all your coins (even the normal bitcoins). To make it safer, do it like this:
First, make a new copy of your unsupporting wallet (create a new "account" on a new seed). It has to be completey seperate from your normal wallet.
Then move your bitcoins there. This will only move the normal bitcoins, since the wallet doesnt support bitcoin cash.
Wait for it to be confirmed on the blockchain. Now your normal bitcoins are in the new wallet and none are in the old one.
Now you can take the seed / private adresses from this old wallet and use them in your bitcoin cash wallet.
Even if the bitcoin cash wallet developer is a criminal and just wants your seed to steal all your coins they can't. Because you moved your bitcoins beforehand. They only have access to an empty wallet so to speak.
If you use electrum, they made a good post about it:
@_date: 2017-08-02 00:42:35
Some exchanges gave their users the same amount of bitcoin cash as they had in normal bitcoin, like Kraken for example.
Other exchanges didn't do that (Bitstamp, Coinbase,..).
So it depends on what exchange you have your bitcoins. If your exchange made the bitcoin cash for you, you already have access to them. If your exchange doesn't support it, then you don't have access and probably never will (people suspect some exchanges took the bitcoin cash and sold it off to profit from it on behalf of their customer).
People who actually own bitcoin (in a wallet where only they have access to the private address) can split their bitcoins and basically "double" them.
@_date: 2018-06-11 22:09:46
It locks the exact same amount just spread across multiple people and the transaction goes through multiple nodes instead of one, so it might cost more in fees
@_date: 2018-06-11 20:53:27


As long as you are connected to them in some way. (big hub etc)
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:33:16
I'm confused, does this transaction just have 1 input and 1 output!? Is that what that person did wrong? Forgot to have an address to return the coins too (a second output)? Which then automatically becomes the fee.
@_date: 2017-04-22 10:05:21
You would need the majority of miners, not nodes.
And I somehow doubt that they would include a block giving you all the coins (not even technically possible?) since that would mean they don't get any for doing it :P
@_date: 2017-04-22 18:25:01
I was thinking about writing more about it, but thought it's better to leave it out to not make it too long of a text.
You are right that you could do your own chain. I would categorize them into chains that split off from an existing chain and chains that started a complete new blockchain.  
The latter is a bit complicated because you would have to figure out how to give people the coins in a fair manner.
@_date: 2017-04-22 10:35:02
I will try and do a very simple explanation, even though there are some good ones here already. To help you understand you need this basic knowledge:
Basically you can take whatever text you like (numbers, letters, the text of a whole book, ...) and "hash" it, meaning you get a completely random looking piece of text back, that's always the exact same length.
**Example:**  
Input: This is my very simple explanation for you  
Output: 150b8026e1701f55fd32846adc4a9cac9794ca5b9ca8174cc05d5310e40416a5
Input: Hi!  
Output: ca51ce1fb15acc6d69b8a5700256172fcc507e02073e6f19592e341bd6508ab8
Changing only one letter in the input would create a completely different output, making it basically impossible to know what the input was by just looking at the output ([You can test it here if you want]( There are several different ways to produce a hash, one of them is called SHA256.
The "complex" math problems
Miners in the network have a certain input that contains basically all the transaction information that happened in the past few minutes. They hash it and look at the output. The output has to look a certain way. The miners try and fiddle around with the input over and over and over again until they get an output that fits the rules everyone agreed on by using the bitcoin software. So it's not a complex math problem but more like playing the lottery and you are allowed to buy as many tickets as you want. The better the hardware, the faster you can buy tickets and try to win.
Who is giving out the bitcoins
The miner that finds the correct input creates a "block" that contains the above mentioned transaction information and the miners bitcoin address. The software then "gives" this miner address the bitcoins as a reward for doing the work. (Bitcoins are not actually moved, it's just that you are granted access. Like how I could give you my reddit password so you can control my account. The account never leaves the reddit server though)
Why not just program more bitcoins
For the same reason why no soccer club just puts 20 players on the field. There are rules. Usually in society when people want to do something together you create rules everyone has to comply with. For governments that would be laws. Breaking them will get you punished. The bitcoin creator has created rules and put them in code instead of creating a law for it. Everyone is running a software that abides to those rules. If someone alters the software then everyone else can see that. Just as you would see a soccer team having way more players on the field.
The miners and nodes in the network make sure everyone is running software that complies with the rules. As soon as just one little thing is off the transaction is deemed invalid and will not get included in the blockchain (=a ledger of all blocks every mined).
Bitcoin is basically just a word to describe this overall agreement. If you defer from this agreement you are not part of bitcoin anymore. To change the software (this has happened multiple times) you need the majority of the people using it to agree.
@_date: 2016-02-07 09:59:47
What you are describing will probably never happen. If 75%+ of people change the bitcoin protocol then that is still bitcoin. Everyone who is not following this change is using an altcoin.
The updated bitcoin protocol already has miner support (otherwise it wouldn't exist because of the 75% check) and all other miners have a huge incentive to switch to it too, so we can basically say that miner support at this point is guaranteed.
How about support from the users? Well the miners think that users want this, otherwise they wouldnt mine it. Do the users even have a say in it? Do most of them even notice? Depends on the merchants. And the wallet providers.
The merchants will always want to support the coin that is most popular. But they are not limited to only one. Even now some merchants accept litecoin next to bitcoin. So they don't have a problem accepting the bitcoin that more than 75% use.
The wallet provider want users. That's how they make money. They want to support the coin that most people use, so they have a lot of potential downloaders of their software. Some of the popular wallet provider already said they are prepared to update their software.
What about nodes? Well there are already a couple of hundred nodes live that support the hardfork change. And again, once the majority of people/merchants/miners/wallets support something, the rest will have to follow. The same with nodes. Once the hardfork movement has started it's not easy to stop it.
Overall a lot people agree that there won't be a state of 75/25 split for long. Once it's clear where bitcoin is heading people will follow. They kinda have to. Especially when miners change, because that's when the losing protocol will be vulnerable to a 51% attack. The PoW algorithm has to change at this point or it's dead.
@_date: 2017-04-07 18:27:45
There are several reason why empty blocks are mined. What makes you sure that this was caused by using ASICboost?
I can't find a good source on the amount of empty blocks produced by miners compared to their hashrate over the last years. All I find are reports saying that the amount of empty blocks has gone down.
Do you have a site for that?
@_date: 2016-09-01 18:46:04
The huge difference is that using piratebay is illegal while blockings ads is not. So for movies it's: buy it safely for a small amount or get it free but risk paying a lot more in the end.
@_date: 2016-09-01 19:04:52
Yes, that's right. In that way it's similar to flattr for example. They partnered with adblock to automatically give a tiny amount of money to sites you visit and block ads.
I guess in that regard brave is the same thing just with bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:40:49
When I follow your link I see a site (outputs.today) that shows transactions are down and number of outputs is also down. Checked blockchain.info and it also says the number of unspend outputs is going down.
Blockchain.info also shows that average blocksize stays about the same over time but # of transactions in a block goes down.
What sites are you using?
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:04:53
To me BIP 148 doesn't count as a soft fork. Segwit does, but not BIP148 when they chose to reject blocks not signaling bip 148, which will lead to a chain split.  
@_date: 2017-05-22 19:09:08
As the other person already said, going the soft fork route is not without risks. A soft fork has lots of uncertainy and can still cause trouble similar to a fork. Just because nodes and miners can check/produce technically valid blocks, doesn't mean it actually makes sense for them to still be in the network.
But other than that, segwit actually introduces a complexity to not only the code, but to the whole structure of the blockchain. Making transactions "anyone can spend" might have really really bad consequences in the future and there is no way of removing that. Ever. Not even with a hard fork. Once it's in the blockchain that's it. So we have to be very very VERY careful with changes like that.
And I (and many others) just don't think it is worth the risk. Especially if we want to hard fork in the near future anyway.
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:12:36


This is the explanation I have been waiting for. Now I see what you are talking about.
Game theory aside (if the BIP148 can gather enough hash rate or not) what stops the current majority of miners to reject those BIP148 signaling blocks if they feel threatend?
Another thing: Can non-upgraded miners not intentionally alter their standardness rule, signal for BIP148 and then create a block valid only in the BIP148 chain? That would reset the reorg point.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:46:47


A market yes, but the value of a coin gets derived from certain factors BIP148 coins are lacking, mostly security and a great user experience.
Regarding the reorg point, I was actually talking about the time before august. If they see some miners signaling for BIP148 before august and they think it might be a threat to their business, they could upgrade their software to reject blocks mined with the bip148 signal causing a fork ahead of the BIP148 "reorg point" (not sure what to call it, but you know what I mean). That would render the whole UASF useless no?  
Sure it would take them some time, but if UASF supporters are willing to believe that miners get 51% bip support before august, then why not upgrade to something else?
@_date: 2017-05-28 15:22:44
What I said would be for both chains though. If you want to go fiat, you sell both your coins, the normal ones and the bip148 ones. That way, even if the value is only half of what it was before, you don't lose money.  
I'm not sure if we can meassure "half price it was before the split" because if the price of bitcoins drops shortly before august, we won't know for sure if this is because of panic. So if the price goes from 2000 a coin to 1000 right before august and then it splits to two chains worth 500 each, we all lose money right?
If I just hold both coins, wait and not sell/buy, isn't holding a safe (the safest?) choice? (assuming the price will go up once the situation is clear)


I was thinking something like bip148 but instead of signaling one thing, they signal another. Creating a symmetrical game theorie.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:13:49
Yes they can. Without 100% miner support, BIP148 WILL cause a split. 100% guaranteed. This is not guessing, this is reading the code. And once the chain is split, the majority hash rate, that produces the longest chain, is "the winner". This happens like every day in the blockchain. It's just how it works. No BIP can change that.


\- UASF.co / segwit.org
And miners running it will lose their coins as the chain they created will get abandoned. Once this happens (and with current hashrate distribution it definitely will) the original blockchain will "overwrite" the segwit chain.
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:02:06


That is not true though. Once the chain splits, it can't go back to one chain. Either we resolve the issue by abandoning one or we just have two chains from that point on.


So you are agreeing with my quoted text? And then say it's not symmetric? That would mean that once the legacy chain has lost the majority hash rate it will not get orphaned.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:41:15
Once a block gets mined that only the legacy side accepts, they will start building a block on top of it. The bip148 side will create their own block. From there on out the legacy chain will never accept a block from the BIP148 side because they are mining on top of different blocks and vice versa.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:55:46
That's what is getting repeated over and over again.
In the BIP148 itself it says that blocks not signaling for segwit will get rejected. So nodes and miners do not accept a block mined by a non upgraded miner that does not signal the right flag.
This means once a block gets mined that segwit miners will reject, the chain is split. Legacy miners will build on top of the block, segwit miners will build another one instead.
Bitcoin block   
Bitcoin block   
Bitcoin block   
Bitcoin block   
\-- segwits rejection progress starts --  
Legacy block  (rejected by BIP148)  
Legacy block   
Legacy block  - Segwit block   
Legacy block   
Legacy block  - Segwit block   
Legacy block   
........  
And so on. Both build on top of Bitcoin block  but because of the more hashrate, the non upgraded side will produce blocks more quickly.
**IF** miners do upgrade over time, and the majority hashrate will go towards segwit, then the segwit chain would be able to catch up. So let's say both chains meet at block  and basically every miner is mining segwit, then the legacy chain would get orphaned.  
But this is exactly what can happen to the segwit chain if it doesn't get the majority hash power quickly after a split.
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:41:44
You are not arguing my point.  
You are stuck with: hard fork = always high risk, soft fork = always low risk.
My point is: it's not that simple. There is no **one** soft fork way. A soft fork is always a trick (unless it changes nothing about block creation/validation I guess) on how to make non-upgraded nodes/miners think they are still dealing with old blocks. How to trick them and how complex that is, is always different. For SegWit it is a very complex trick.  
And at some point you have to ask the question: is the risk we expose the whole network to higher than the risk of hard forking.
Bitcoin did several hard forks before. They can be done in a safe way. Why is it completely out of the question now?
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:31:30
But profitability comes from security and usefulness. With less hashrate security is compromised and it leads to more time between blocks, so it's also slower for the user.


The bip148 can be orphaned since non-bip148 ignores segwit blocks after the split happened.  
That's just how hard forks work. The segwit soft fork will become a hard fork once a block gets mined that only one side sees as valid. The whole backwards compatibility you are talking about is gone once this happens. Then it's just like any other hard fork.


Of course a business is signaling support for something like that. For example: an exchange makes money from peple using their exchange. Offering lots of currencies increases the use of the website. More users = more money. Therefore they are incentivized to offer as much stuff as possible. Same for wallets. They want to keep their users.


I mean they can't really. All they can do is host their nodes, which they do. But also doesn't mean that much. I would like to see people forking their ideas and then let the users decide to buy in or not.  
But saying there is no support of BU because people don't have orders up, is like saying there is no segwit support because people are not doing segwit transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:56:28
I wouldn't read too much into exchanges and wallets supporting things. It's in their best interest to be prepared for all possible outcomes, since they need users to make money.
Do you think BIP148 can still become the longest chain if it does not hold 50%+ hash rate a week after signaling starts?
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:14:58


It will end up there, but not literally immediately right? If an exchange opens it doors to bip148 coins while they are a minority hash rate it would still not be clear who ends up winning. It's basically a gamble at that point. Holding your money in fiat seems like a good choise then I would think.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:24:09
Everything you say about the BIP148 chain is also true for the original blockchain. There is a massive confusion going on about the backwards compatibility of BIP148. Segwit has it. It's a soft fork. BIP148 on the other hand forces a hard fork, because the supporters think they have the economic majority on their side and that this means they do not need miner. Therefore they split off (like any hard fork) and then will have to survive.
I do not know how to explain it any other way. This is not my opinion, it's not guessing, that's just how the code works. The UASF website even says:


Nodes don't take much damage from that, but miners that follow this will lose their coins gained from the bip148 chain they build as it will be abandoned.
The bip itself says:


What do rejected blocks cause? A chain split. Original bitcoin will not reject those blocks. So if one side accepts a block and builds on top of it, the other site doesnt, we have 2 chains. This split happens naturally in bitcoin every day or so because of blocks mined at the same time. This dispute gets resolved with the next block and one chain gets orphaned. This is how the blockchain works.
A forced fork, causing 2 chains is no different. If one side gets abandoned, all work put into it is lost as everyone will agree that it never happened.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:00:32
Once a single non bip148 signaling block gets mined at any time after bip148 signaling starts, the chain is split and bip148 blocks are no longer valid on the blockchain. That's what Im trying to say all the time.
You don't even have to trust me, it's in the BIP148!
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:29:09
BIP148 literally rejects all blocks not signaling for it. Are you calling that a soft fork?
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:54:31
A soft fork has no two chains! A soft fork doesnt cause a split! That is even your own definition you just told me.


Bold text is my addition
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:12:27


I would say that's misleading since both sides can be "overwritten" and the trustworthiness you speak of comes from the hashrate, which currently favours not upgrading. So using the BIP148 chain will have greater risk of losing your coins than not upgrading (based on current hash rate. This might change).
My advice to people who don't know much about bitcoin and just want to be safe is, like you said, just don't use bitcoin until the chains are sorted out.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:52:21


Are you willing to bet 36 billion dollar on that?
I mean... those transactions will be in the blockchain forever obviously. I hope nothing goes wrong there. If segwit makes it and everyone uses it then maybe we at least have all of them in a block so at least nodes can relay them. Until then... I guess we hope miners adopt segwit? And upgraded wallets nest their transactions in a p2sh for... how long? And without the majority of miners we better hope that every single one follows the standardness rules because otherwise... segwit just gets orphaned?
It just seems like we have too many variables and too much guessing going on. I just want a clear cut. I rather have a predictable chain split for a very short time that will resolve itself by the greed of the miners, than a soft fork with lots of uncertainty. Basically I'm afraid of the unknown unknowns and the stuff I pointed out above or in other posts over the past.  
(I would also like to see an improvement on how hard forks are carried out in the future. This whole process is embarrassing and can't go on forever)
@_date: 2017-05-24 21:33:20


How is the capacity increase of the blocks related to the hashrate/PoW?


Of course a node that gets upgraded is probably hosted by someone in favour of segwit, that was never the question. The question is how do you know how many nodes represent how many people? 1 node = 1 person? AFAIK there is absolutely no way to prove that as we have seen several times that people can just create new nodes on a whim.  
And even if we count 1 node = 1 person, how many people using bitcoin actually do have a node? (my guess, not a lot). Which brings us to the question: even if 90% of nodes signal segwit, how do we know what the users want, if nodes only represent a tiny fraction of them?  
Basically: node count != economic majority 


The same is true for not supporting segwit. All coins pre fork a pre mined forks and work on both chains after the fork.


Why did it take the miners supporting segwit weeks then? In your scenario they couldn't just signal for segwit if they are not actual ready. That would cost them lots of money!


As explained the coins are not at risk to be of lower value. For miners it's best to mine whatever the majorty mines, because higher hashrate = more security.


The chain that has a higher chance of survival no? No point in mining blocks that get orphaned.


And miners. If we assume the majority of the miners being honest, then I would think we don't need that many nodes. And if we assume the majority of miners are not honest, then well.. bitcoin got 51% attacked and is dead I guess.  
What I'm trying to say is: if we would lose 90% of the nodes, would bitcoin still work? And AFAIK the answer is: yes (albeit a bit slower propagation times).  
And if the answer is yes, then bitcoin would also be fine if 90% of the nodes start validating to different rules, which from the point of view from the non upgraded nodes would be the same as losing the nodes.
@_date: 2017-05-26 23:00:27
And you don't have to, because nobody is talking about opinions here, we are talking about facts. That's what the OP comment you replied to is.  
You can contribute to the discussion by providing us with facts or talk about the most propable outcome you think will happen based on the facts we currently have. But just saying something will happen, without any logical explanation, is just noise.
Again the question was: why would segwit be worth more. So far your explanation was: miners will provide worth with their hash rate once they changed to it because of its higher price.  
You explained the cause of something by its effect.
@_date: 2017-05-26 23:44:39


Well "an outcome of 2 chains" is what I mean by hard fork. With the current hash rate, segwit would be the minority.


Lets say Im a miner and refuse to upgrade to anything. A week after the chain split occurs every miner except me goes over to the segwit chain. Will I be on my own chain, yes or no?


What does this have to do with what I said? I asked why a miner currently not in favour of segwit would support it and you answered: because it enables segwit.
Regarding reorganization:
I asked about reorganization because I was not sure we talk about the same thing. It seems like we do :)  
For a reorganization you need the longest chain. For that you need the most hash rate. Seeing as segwit starts with the minority hash rate (currently anway), why would miner not see the segwit chain as more in risk of a reorg?
PS:  
Now I think you see why I talked about EB/AD of unlimited. They do a reorg differently. In an unlimited split, a reorg could happen that actually deletes a chain and not just orphans it.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:11:23
But what you say is also true for the other side. That's what I don't understand about your point. If segwit really starts with only ~30% hash rate, the first legacy miner who changes to segwit puts himself in great risk. I would assume they stay put and wait for the segwit chain to get oprhaned block by block.
Lets ask the other way around:  
If segwit hovers around at 30% with no increase or decrease in hash rate. How long do you think it takes before segwit miner go back to the legacy chain?
Reasons being the same as you mentioned.
Regarding the 49:51 scenario. This is where I would just tell everyone to stop trading bitcoin and wait. At this point, as soon as one exchange opens the doors to the segwit chain without having a security against replay attacks, bitcoins value will half.. It has to. People will make money out of nothing until it halfs. And if it actually does, we all have to replay attack the exchanges to not lose money.
@_date: 2017-05-27 09:07:49


Just like my example above where Im the only miner on my own chain. My chain can never be reorganized away by the original blockchain according to the rules I follow.  
Your points made above against my theoretical setting are then also true for the segwit chain if it can't reach majority hash power. It can of course survive.. needs only at least 1 guy mining it.. but it can never claim the longest chain and will never reorg the original blockchain. It would be like ETH/ETC.


Ok. So are you saying someone is currently not signaling but supports segwit? Or someone is not signaling, but also not against segwit. But also not supportive enough to signal for it?


I think you are correct here. Not sure what the max treshold is. Would be catastrophic though if a miner sets it really high but then eventually in 10 years it reaches that point and he deleted 10 years worth of blockchain history :O
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:52:21
Well somone who is risk averse would either sell now, or sell once he can sell both coins, basically doubling his money and then wait until everything is clear. But that would be gambling I guess.
Maybe bitcoin will just go to half its value and then everyone tries to sell both coins to just wait and see what happens \*shrug*
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:32:28
So its August 1st. The first block gets created. Most likely a non-upgraded block because of more hashrate, correct?
Now at this exact moment, the chain has split, because as you said, a bip148 miner will not count this block. So he will mine as if nothing has happened.
With the current hash rate, the segwit chain will get a block every ~30 min and the non-segwit chain will get a block every ~15 min.
A miner can either stay non-upgraded and be on the chain that is growing more quickly or switch to the segwit chain and hope that in the future the majority switches too and we then roll back every transaction that happened, which is decreasing in probability the longer the forks last, because at some point a rollback is just too much of a PR death.
@_date: 2017-05-26 23:16:17
You are just repeating what was said before without the answer to my question.
All I hear is that miners will switch over to the minority chain because they are afraid to be the minority.
That makes no sense. Being "wiped out" just means having the shorter chain. The longest chain is the one with the most hash rate.  
So there is no reason to be afraid, when you are the one with the most hash rate.
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:43:14


Huh? No. Not sure how you get to tx speed. We were talking about miners and block generation / POW. I mean the speed at which miners generate block based on their hardware. That to me is the hash rate, or hash power if you will. What do you even mean with tx speed? The time it takes for an transaction to get into a block? The time a block takes to get send to all nodes?....
And I said whoever has more hashpower / higher hashrate, will produce the longer chain.
Which then also refutes your point about:


Of course it can be orphaned from the original blockchain. Once it splits it will be orphaned by the majority of the hashrate. After that the segwit side could potentially coexist as a fork like ETH/ETC (with a lot less security if it can't reach 50% of the hashrate or changes POW). That would lead to two chains splitting bitcoins overall value between them (if exchanges list both coins - replay atack).


Speaking of the potential split BIP148 might cause: I don't see the difference between that and any other hard fork. For example if I say tomorrow, that I will mine blocks not compatible with the current system starting at june 1st. Then tomorrow would be the equivalent of the BIP148 flag date and june 1st the date where the chain would split if not 100% of miners switch with me. Correct?
Now if a miners see that I get lots of support from other miners he can either support me too or stay with the old system. He should make that decision based on how much hashrates supports me. If I get the majority of hash power he should follow me, otherwise he is better off staying with the old system.


I think we have different perspectives here. To me, segwit is the one forking off, because they have less than 50% of the hash rate. But from your sentence it looks like you see the side that doesn't upgrade as forking off? Otherwise the sentence should be "if he creates a forking block, he must be confident that BIP148 will suceed".
About the nodes:
The 90% don't matter. Why would the bitcoin system care if they are vulnerable? As I said, they could just as well not exist at all.  
If I create 10000 nodes and let them run code that only validates blocks that send bitcoin to me, nobody would care. They would ignore me. Bitcoin can exist without nodes validating segwit.
Nodes are just sending blocks around. Yes they do validate them too, but miners do that too and are the ones creating new blocks on top of the chain. Nodes can't influence the block creation. If nodes had any actual say in that, I could just start 10000 nodes and fuck around with bitcoin. As long as the miners agree on the validation and exchanges run nodes that agree with that, the rest of the nodes are just helping sending the blocks around. That's why I said that even if we lose 90% of the nodes we have today, bitcoin would still work mostly fine.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:52:48
I was not arguing that. If I create my own code today, run my own miner and fork off the blockchain I can also say "my client will always follow my chain".  
So what? Of course that is possible. The beauty of open source code is that everyone can take it and make their own thing.
But don't confuse backwards compatibility with the reorganization mechanism.  
It's not like unlimited with EB/AD settings where the forked off chains would actually reorganize. With BIP148 we are talking normal hard fork behaviour. It gets overwritten in the sense of "not meaningfull to the world".
@_date: 2017-05-27 22:12:45


BIP66 required 95% miner support. Which it had signaling wise. Some miners were just too greedy to validate and lost money in return. I do not see the connection to BIP 148. It seems more like the normal segwit activation plan with its 95% support.


You are telling me that if I'm a miner not upgrading to anything I will mine on top of a BIP148 chain that rejected my previous blocks?


So if BIP148 does not have the majority hash rate it will get orphaned by the majority. That was my point.


Of course they can totally do this. I can also at any time create my own chain, with my own rules and not accept any blocks from other chains.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:42:00


What do you mean "tried"? Sending bitcoins should always be possible no?


But they don't currently right? Are you against user activated segwit?


I don't understand this. The only ones validating blocks are nodes and miners, so I'm not sure who you mean by "majority of economy". The majority of nodes?
Miners can operate without nodes if they have too. Or at least with only a few ones. If the majority of nodes supports segwit, but not the majority of miners, then segwit dies.
@_date: 2017-05-29 19:01:50
I think the hardcore bip148 supporters will buy as many coins as they can. They want to establish that the BIP148 coin is the only true coin. They need the higher price so miners have any incentive to flock to their chain. I do not think it will be a problem to sell bip148 coins near market value of right before the split.
The legacy chain has all the clueless people on it. I think most of the people using/buying/selling bitcoin are not up to date in this regard. Not sure if exchanges will put out warning messages across the site to inform people, but my guess is that there are still some buy orders left to sell into once the chain splits.
If you are fast, I think it is entirely possible to double the money.


How do you define demand and how to you know how much the different sides have?  
It's all about the hash rate and the longest chain. If miners can hold the majority hash rate for X time (hours, days), the demand will be there as people will think it's the winning chain and a good bet.
Do you know if BIP148 is rejecting blocks without the flag based on time or block height?  
For example, do they ignore a block with a block number smaller than the current block height just because they received it past midnight august 1st?
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:34:34
I tell you the non-upgraded side would be faster which is undeniably true if it has the majority of hash power and you say people will move to the segwit chain because its faster :|
I ask about people liking segwit and you go on about nodes. I said repeatedly that I think nodes don't matter as much in this discussion about segwit adoption and miner dispute and I would like to hear anything different. Otherwise I have to assume it's true.
LN is at least a good amount of months away and irelevant to the current discussion about the segwit dispute.


Why? As long as an exchange is not upgraded it's fine. (IF big pools even sell through exchanges instead of people directly)
All in all I don't see why you value nodes that much. Nodes are just miners that do not create blocks so to speak. I don't see how they can be more valuable to the network than miners.
@_date: 2017-05-28 15:34:29
What exactly do you mean? I mean a miner signaling support for BIP148 via a tag in the block. (or at least a twitter I guess)
@_date: 2017-05-27 22:04:20


It is totally true that a BIP148 chain can in theory last forever. All it needs is one single miner, no matter the hash rate.
What I mean by getting abandoned or orphaned is that the majority choses to ignore the minority. What happens every day with orphaned blocks.
In this case with BIP148 I would call it orphaned once only a very small minority is still running it as most of the world would probably still exchange coins mined by the majority hash rate (for security reasons).


Define "destroyed" in that context for me please.


Or "lose everything" here. What is the reason why they lose everything?


    bool fVersionBits = (pindex-&gt;nVersion &amp; VERSIONBITS_TOP_MASK) == VERSIONBITS_TOP_BITS;
    bool fSegbit = (pindex-&gt;nVersion &amp; VersionBitsMask(chainparams.GetConsensus(), Consensus::DEPLOYMENT_SEGWIT)) != 0;
    if (!(fVersionBits &amp;&amp; fSegbit)) {
        return state.DoS(0, error("ConnectBlock(): relayed block must signal for segwit, please upgrade"), REJECT_INVALID, "bad-no-segwit");
    }
I was talking about that when I talked about rejecting blocks and the conclusion that follows.
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:51:44
I wouldn't say nodes represent the economic majority. Nodes are trivial to fake. They also don't matter much in regards to how miners decide what to do.
Lets say 40% of nodes upgrade and reject non-segwit blocks. 70% of miners still produce non segwit blocks. What now? Nodes and miners are split. The blockchain would split and the segwit part would be orphaned. In a matter of hours the majority (non-segwit) chain would be too far ahead for anyone to actually consider rolling it all back.
Now lets say the majority of nodes upgrades, but still not the majorty of miners. Then again, segwit will be orphaned because the blockchain is just based on PoW and that would still be the non-upgraded side. The only difference the node count makes is that with lots of non-segwit rejecting nodes it will be a real hassle for the users and exchanges.
And they can't even just say "whatever miner say we will support segwit anyway" because then you throw away all the security bitcoin had and are in real danger of being 51% attacked.
Miners only lose out on money if they don't mine the longest chain. And yes in theory they could give themselves more than 12.5 BTC. Or raise the 21 million bitcoin cap. The only incentive not to do this is to not jeopardize the value of bitcoin or provoke the majority of people to fork away. But this absolutely requires the devs to make a PoW change, otherwise miners can just kill whatever the users come up with.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:03:00
We are talking about facts, just not the fact which side has won. We talk about the facts that give us an indication of what side might win. :)


See that is interesting to me for example. Why is it not a good indicator?


Which is months away at best and segwit is not needed for it according to the LN devs AND other solutions can also provide the same benefits to LN that segwit would enable


As explained above: both sides can be orphaned. In the end it will be the one with less hash rate. Currently that is segwit. If you have a good indicator of why that would change until august I would like to hear that. So far I have to go by current numbers, but I'm happy to listen to ideas.


I'm very sure I have seen multiple polls favouring both sides, depending on the subreddit I'm in ;) To me they are all meaningless as they have small and heavily selected sample sizes.


Not being interested in something doesn't mean supporting something else. I'm talking just about upgrading to segwit or not. Also, BU isn't getting mined yet, only signaled no? Don't even know why people would put up orders.


If it works.
@_date: 2017-05-07 21:24:03
I think the comment about "hash power is law" only refers to the thing said right before it ("bitcoin is a POW system") and makes sense in this context.  
This tweet is from a miners perspective about mining related things. For his operations, POW is law and he is bound to it, otherwise he won't be part of the network. He is basically saying, even if he signals for segwit, it doesn't necessarily change anything for the network.
I think it's a bit of an overreaction saying they have a misunderstanding of how bitcoin works and that they shouldn't be running a mining pool. It's a tweet. People have to shorten everything to an almost unreadable mess and it oftens makes the message a bit unclear.
Also Bitcoin is supposed to work just fine if miners act in their best interest.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:15:12
Well the relation to the soft fork is that we have to make the new transactions look like anyone can spend transactions to old nodes. What do you want me to clarify exactly?
@_date: 2017-05-26 23:12:29
I'm trying to tell you the difference.  
As soon as a block gets only accepted by one side we have a hard fork. That means we will have two chains that will never ever go back together to one chain.  
Talking about "overwriting" we are actually talking about one chain losing momentum and the other one being more popular ("winning").
Can we agree so far?
You mention two things that you think will favour the segwit chain:  
1) asymmetric reorganization risk:  
You have to explain this one to me. What reorganization are you talking about and do you think BIP148 has less risk of doing so?
2) promise of enabling Segwit:  
This one is odd, because not wanting segwit is the reason why the majority of miners do not signal for it. They would try to not see it implemented.
@_date: 2017-07-01 12:29:57
The thing about the wipeout scenario and the percentages and the "one chain is in danger while the other is not" is that people seem to forget the timeframe this has to happen in to be true.
It can't happen over days. Maybe not even hours. This has to happen within an hour or two, otherwise it's better for miners to stay with the longer chain and not cause a wipeout.
A wipeout days after a split would cause way too much damage for people to be comfortable with. Even some BIP148 supporters I would think. If it takes a day to get to 50% (which only means both chains grow at the same rate, so no wipeout [classic chain should have ~25 or more blocks more, so it's unlikely that the bip148 chain becomes the longest chain by chance]) then the resistance on the classic chain might just grow bigger and then it becomes a "who can throw more money at the problem to gain more hashrate and stay relevant" and at some point this whole problem would stretch out long enough that it falls back to the problem of "do we even want a reorg that spans several days?".
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:45:03
"orphaned" to me means abandoning an entire chain (because it's shorter). For example: in bitcoin we orphan blocks every now and then because 2 get mined at almost the same exact time and only the next one resolve the issue of which one to follow.
What I don't understand is the explanation as to why BIP148 would be safe to that. So far all I heard is what you said:  
BIP148 is different to the normal blockchain, because it rejects legacy blocks.  
But that is true for both sides. I can take your sentence and inverse it and it would be a true sentence about the legacy chain: 
"This cannot happen to the non-bip148 chain since the bip148 blocks are not compliant with non-bip148 and if they were then this split wouldn't have been possible." This sentence is true as soon as the chain has split and the legacy miners will mine on legacy block  while segwit miner will mine on top of legacy block  as shown above.
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:16:58


Why? Are you telling me that if I'm a miner and not upgrade to anything, the files on my hard drive will suddenly change? What is stopping me from still running the legacy software to create legacy blocks on the legacy chain?  
And if I can do it, what stops everyone else from doing so?


Or you know.. everyone will be selling BIP148 coins as fast as possible while they still have any value before they crash because the few miners who supported it are jumping ship.
@_date: 2017-05-27 21:16:14
The only reason why BIP 66 fork happened was because miners did not check the blocks. That was not the fault of BIP66. It is still a soft fork by design as the chain would not have split (in a meaningfull way).
Of course a split can always happen. It does every day in the normal blockchain because of time difference in accepting blocks. If I wanted to I could alway create a chain split for every update by just running old software. What I'm talking about is a split that last longer than a hand full of blocks.
To clarify:  
BIP148 will reject blocks mined by non-upgraded miners.  
Once BIP148 starts, it will split the chain (unless 100% of hashrate switches) once a non-BIP148 block is mined  
Once the chain is split, both sides will only mine on top of their blocks.  
The chain with more hash rate gets blocks faster, therefore is longer.  
The shorter chain is in danger of being orphaned
Can you agree with that?
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:33:20
Why do you think would a user, miner and developer backed hard fork with a set date be more of a problem that a user activated "soft" fork that has severely more difficult code?
Segwit started as a hard fork and it made sense.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:22:10


How do you come to the conclusion that segwit is desired by many? More than people that don't want it?
I think in your vision the exchanges and wallets are a lot more valuable than nodes actually. I would bet that most people using bitcoin do not engage with the discussions online. They probably don't even know what segwit is and does. They just use their wallet and exchange and are happy. If their wallet **and** exchange upgrade, they will probably be fine.
The problem then comes if most miners do not upgrade, which will result in long confirmation times. And this will be the big advantage for the side that has the support of the majority of miners.  
I think for the end user the non-segwit/majority hash power side looks better.


But why would the miner care what less than half the nodes do?
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:03:04
I worded that badly. I mean the problems segwit as a soft fork might cause have been hand waved by basically saying "as long as the majority of miners support it it wont happen". Refering to the problem of an old miner creating a block that will orphan segwit. (isn't that an attack vector even?)
Which also tells me that apparently yes indeed it is possible for a soft fork with majory miner support to create a split. But like a hard fork I don't think a split is that big of a problem. With a hard fork everyone knows it will happen. Which gives everyone time to make any necessary precautions. What's bad is a sudden unexpected hard fork. But even this has happened and was resolved.
So if you are only worried about a chain split, I would like to know what exactly you don't like about it? I think a hard fork split will resolve itself rather quickly.
Of course SWHF would have the benefit to not hack around in the code just to make something work for a day until everyone is upgraded but then stays with us forever. Or is the upgrade time meant to be months?
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:07:59


NO. **IF** they have the most value. And so far I have seen 0 reason why that would be the case.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:28:21


I'm not convinced that this will happen. It might, but I think most people don't care or even know about the UASF. The BIPs success depends on miner doing something and I believe miners have shown in the past that they are really good at not doing anything other than tweeting about stuff. Even just signaling for stuff they want took them so long.  
If they do want to do something and protect their investment, they can change their software before august to reject bip148 blocks, so we have a proper hardfork and the game theory is just like it always was.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:26:45
Well the end result is not the same. And you are still not arguing my point. You say a hard fork has more risk than a soft fork, but I haven't seen any point as to why. You take that as granted and THEN start arguing. And you are right from that point on. But you are arguing under the assumption that segwit as soft fork is safer, which is exactly what I question.
For example: Segwit as a soft fork was designed under the assumption that 95% of the hashrate supports it. That's why we don't have to care about the fact that one single block produced by a miner not following the standardness rules will cause a chain split. But now we should care!
@_date: 2015-02-17 16:46:19
People usually dont trust sites on the internet. Which is good because there are a ton of scammers. So not knowing what you are buying is a huge no go! Especially in a business where most people don't even see the need to pay.
So I would really try to give people the best preview you possibly can. It's pretty common to give people are preview of what they are buying. For a new company that needs people to trust them this should be a top priority.
Something like the members area with the names of the people involved in the set/video + the runtime of the video should cover the basics. Anything less than that and it's more of a gamble than a purchase and will likely just end up in a disappointed client. And that's not someone who will buy from you again.
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:00:11


So then your point doesn't make sense when you say the non-upgraded side needs twice the hash power. So my point stands that the majority hash power will dictate the more secure chain and everything else that follows with that (chance of suvivability, price of a coin, time between blocks, etc).  
Having the minority hash power is a HUGE disadvantage (to say the least) for any fork.


What? "It" in that sentence means the segwit blockchain. So you are saying the segwit blockchain can't get orphaned from its own chain?! That is correct. But my point was that in the event of a fork (with the current hash rate distripution) the segwit side will get orphaned. It can coexist but will have less security and a longer wait time between blocks (unless core devs change the pow and manually adjust difficulty of course).


What exactly do you mean with "reject each other". Because they can validate the exact same stuff, run the exact same code (they actually do AFAIK) and they will still be two different chains forever.


In a soft fork no split is happening. Not sure what you are arguing here. You said before that segwit would reject a block and this would cause a hard fork.  
And to that I said that it would be like any other hard fork.


No I'm not. I do not run a (full) node. I have a wallet, like hundreds of thousand of other people do too. So I can send and receive coins. But not to or from a miner directly. I exchange coins with an exchange. I can't validate anything, I have to trust the miners and nodes of the network, like 99% of the people do.  
It sounds like you use the word "node" for everyone using bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-02-16 21:18:05
I think your biggest problem is that we cant really see what exactly we are buying.. or am I missing something? Maybe its my browser blocking it, but all I see are 3-4 pics of what seems to be a lot more content. A preview of each scene/set would be nice, otherwise its a blind buy which requires a lot of trust.
(also more FTV girls please)
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:03:48
Why would the segwit coins be worth more? Without miner support they are less secure and slower.
You also say that once the segwit side gets the majority of the hashrate somehow at some point, it will be the winner and the non upgraded side will be orphaned. If that's actually the effect of what happens when majority is gained... why does it not apply to the side that starts with the majority?
@_date: 2017-06-25 08:37:36
It seems to have gotten better yes, but I still see the "I just got banned because..." posts on the other sub every now and then. I'm sure most are not as innocent as they claim, but it still seems to be an issue somewhat.
The rules in this sub also have not changed, so I expect them to be enforced as usual. On the other hand I have seen lots of talk about BIP148 whose legitimacy is questionable at best regarding the rule about promotion of software that alters the procotol without overwhelming consensus.
I really hope we can have more technical discussions here. I never understood the hostility some people have. If people want to split off with different protocol rules that is totally fine. It should be as easy as possible. Developers should focus on the technical side, make sure the forks are clean and safe and help other dev teams if they can. Even if some proposals seem stupid, let the market decide if they really are.
By keeping everyone on the same blockchain we won't change peoples minds. All we do is force people to stick with others they might never agree with and therefore hinder bitcoins development.
@_date: 2017-06-25 08:22:25
Not sure what you are arguing here. I didn't say it's censorship. I'm fine calling it moderation, doesn't change the fact that it was damaging to bitcoin as a whole and is responsible for the lack of technical discussions on reddit that would have saved us from a ton of irrelevant (spam) posts.


That's not really an argument. This subreddit has mods. If they need more, hire more. Literally hundreds of subreddits manage just fine. There is a diference between setting up spam filters correctly and flat out deleting stuff because it contains the word "unlimited" or something. The double standard when it comes to applying rules is also clearly visible.
If it's not censorship than it's shitty moderation at best. The rules should be more precise or followed more strictly. That's just a management problem.


But in return makes that person opinion irrelevant, since he/she is just repeating the opinion of others. Therefore it doesn't add anything to a technical discussion.  
I'm not saying it's always bad to trust the experts. I mean they are labeled experts for a reason. I'm just saying that it can also have a negative impact when for example someone found a potential bug and people from the community just say "it's fine, expert XYZ said it is tested and works".
The problem really starts when you have two or more experts with different opinions, because then the community can gather behind both. Then both sides just appeal to their authority figure and the whole thing becomes a moot point.
@_date: 2017-06-15 23:11:09
There are defintely some users who want segwit with a block size increase. Who they are? Well you can look for them on the other side of this discussion. The people that do not support the current segwit at the moment.  
I have seen lots of comments here on reddit from people who would favour segwit with a block increase and some of them actively oppose segwit without one.
About the "right now" part of the quote. Bitmain does not want segwit the way it was developed. As far as I'm aware they never supported it. That's why we are in this stalemate situation for months/years now.  
So after all this time people now try to activate it in a way different to what was originally proposed, a way that does not require the mining support segwit was planned on. So obviously bitmain still does not want to support that.
Saying bitmain is "Holding back segwit" is either nothing new or false. I would say, bitmain is just still not supporting the segwit core developed. Core designed it with the mining support in mind and knew about the trade offs that this will bring (safer upgrade, but higher chance of no upgrade at all).
Bitmain would like to see a compromise where they will support segwit but with the addtion of also increasing the block size. They want to give this compromise idea a new chance with the NY agreement. That's why I think he said "users and enterprises who disagree with activating SegWit right now without a block size increase", meaning the people who support the NY agreement.
So in my opinion they are not holding back segwit per se, but rather the idea of just doing segwit and nothing more. They even talk about integrating segwit in this post. Sounds like they agree with almost everything segwit stands for, but just think differently on some parts.
Regarding the "hard fork". They have to do a hard fork because of the UASF. It's the best way to protect against a massve reorg.
So to put your quote into my words I would say:  
This is Bitmain showing that they have still not changed their opinion they held for the last 2 years or so and they are still purposely not supporting the segwit core developed and would favour a compromise that combines segwit and a block size increase. Because of the threat UASF poses to bitcoin and the way it overrules people against it, they are preparing a way that would protect those users from a reorg.
I know it sounds like hair splitting but I think it's wrong to say bitmain is holding back segwit. They want it too, otherwise they wouldn't talk about integrating it in this blog post. They are disagreeing with core, or the BIP148 crowd, sure. But if we say they hold back segwit, we would also have to say that core is holding back a block size increase (by only producing code that has little chance of being implemented).
@_date: 2017-06-18 14:41:36
How would segwit activation change bitmains hash rate?
Since they are not producing segwit blocks, wouldn't asicboost still work as normal?
@_date: 2017-06-24 22:54:33


I feel like this is something that was made very difficult by this subreddits decision to ban certain topics. It would have been a lot easier to have civil discussion about technical things and why things develop a certain way.
The whole spectrum of a persons technical understanding got replaced by the binary answer to the question of "what side are you on?".
Instead of helping people understand, we see people ridiculing each other. Real technical discussions as you describe them are rare these days. People do have legit concerns and reasons to distrust popular people, but they can either say that to a room full of people that agree with everything they say, or to people that disagree with everything they say. And I fail to see the difference in the end.
Your last paragraph for example will just be dismissed as "appeal to authority".
@_date: 2017-06-14 20:07:21


 


I can't follow your train of thought here, care to explain?
I can understand how BIP148 can be seen as an attack. So I understand what bitmain is saying in this quote. I fail to see how it is clearly demonstrating that bitmain is holding back segwit.
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:26:54
Well if electricity is pretty much free, then why wouldn't you run some mining jobs? Wouldn't it turn "normal user" into miners?
And about the taxes...we would be liable, but isn't it untracable? There have to be some people who would take advantage of that, right?
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:33:23
You can't up your count, because there is no count. Your bank account has a balance, where they write down how much money you have, but bitcoins don't do that. In the bitcoin network you can only see what address is sending bitcoins to what other address. To see how much bitcoins you have, the client goes through all transactions ever made where you received money and haven't spend it.
So you can't just add a few numbers to your balance, you would have to create complete transactions to tell everyone where the money came from. But since every transaction gets added in blocks, and every block depends on the block before it, you would have to recreate all transactions every made in all blocks to add your transaction in, which is impossible (at that point you would have to make your own network so to speak).
And as said before, it doesn't matter who created the very first pieces of code for the bitcoin software. It is open source. Hundreds if not thousands of people have read it, checked it and ultimately improved upon it.
@_date: 2017-06-16 21:15:12


Because they do not trust core at all. They don't want someones word on it being implemented (especially since core can't promise that, they only write code and not control the whole bitcoin industry) so they want it written in code that they get their block size increase. They can check the code and then support it or not. That's why they talk about segwit2x. To them that sounds much better than normal segwit because it highly increases the chance of getting that block size increase.
I think they went from "no segwit" to "segwit only combined with a hard fork to 2mb" to "segwit first, but then a block size increase half a year later". But they do want to make sure they are not getting screwed, which I think is understandable.
Regarding your link. I haven't checked the whole chat log. I'm only going with what was highlighted on the blog post. Which leaves me with small parts of a conversation that took place over hours. And those parts have no context whatsoever. And to top it off it's just a translation of chinese.
Making a statement about this will probably end up being wrong. If you want to see a conspiracy theory in it, you probably can. If you want to see people discussing whats best for bitcoin, you can probably interpret it that way too.
For example the sentence about blocking segwit on litecoin and how this would look bad on their stance against segwit on bitcoin. This is a legit concern. They are talking to a LTC developer on how they feel about segwit on LTC. If they show support for segwit on the LTC chain then this would set a precedence for their segwit stance overall.  
Maybe they dont care at all about LTC but supporting segwit on it would make them look bad and make them lose their credibility. People would immediately think they are just blocking segwit on bitcoin to screw with core.  
Therefore they have to be very careful. If their concern is the roadmap of core and what core is doing with bitcoin, then supporting core is not in their interest. Supporting segwit on the LTC chain is in theory of no relevance to bitmain since they don't have that much money in it as in the bitcoin chain. But whatever they do with segwit on the LTC chain will be transfered to bitcoin in peoples mind. And then those people will notice how weird it is that they support it there but not on bitcoin. And people will jump to conlcusion as they always do.
I can totally see how they want to treat this very carefully.
I'm not sure what the "cost" is about. Not even sure they mean "cost". Might be a translation error. I don't think they are talking about money here, more of a "losing out on what bitcoin could be" kind of cost.  
Or maybe they talk about the fact that they (the miners) have the biggest burden when it comes to investing in bitcoin because of the costs associated with mining.
The talk about soft and hard fork is interesting to me, because I'm also someone who doesn't fear a hard fork as much as most people do. Especially from the perspective of a miner with lots of hash rate, the hard fork risk must seem acceptable. A hard fork can be relatively safe if carried out correctly. He is talking about he would minimize the risk of an attacker trying to keep a minority chain alive to cause harm in the case of a chain split, which is also understandable. The explanation of why miner would join the majority chain is solid.
The points about how too many soft forks can be a problem is true as far as I know. I think core has had discussion about this too and If I'm not mistaken bitcoin has done a small clean up before to clean code. We might need hard forks every now and then. Maybe only when it is really safe though, like once a change has been implemented for a long time.  
Not sure if we can clean up everything introduced with a soft fork though. Like for examples segwits "anyone can spend" would be in the blockchain forever with no way to simplify it in the future?
@_date: 2017-06-25 16:44:32
I don't see how the kind of fork is relevant to the rule. The rule just talks about altering the protocol.
BIP148 is trying to force people (miner) into submission by threatening to cause massive reorgs. It can't get much more controversial than that. Hell a hard fork would even be cleaner, at least then people could chose not to be a part of it.
It would also be stupid to allow soft fork talk, but not hard fork talk, because segwit for example could be implemented both ways and there needs to be a way to discuss the (dis)advantages of both options.
As I said earlier, either the rules are not clear enough, they are not getting enforced correctly, or there are just double standards. And it's a shame, because there is nothing to lose here. If the mods are afraid of too much repetition among new threads (spam) then they could at least create a discussion thread themselves and point people to that.
@_date: 2013-12-28 18:18:29
But that would only happen if everyone decided to sell their bitcoins at the same time, no?
Seems unlikely.
It should also take a few more days for someone to register and verify an account.
@_date: 2013-10-25 11:45:52
Please note the following about reddit votes:


-Reddit FAQ
You may not getting downvoted, it might just be reddits voting system displaying it like that.
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:38:40
1) Well the question is how hard is it for one to evade taxes vs how hard is it for the government to prove it? I don't think the government wants to that extra work. How can they connect the information from the blockchain to one person? What's stored in there to identify someone?
2) Isn't it the year 2140?
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:29:58
It bugs me too. And pretty much every media outlet gets it wrong.
To me it's like this:
**virtual:** 
A representation of something in the electronic space. For example the money in a bank account. The numbers represent a certain amount of physical cash.
Something in the electronic space that is **not** a representation of something. It's primary attribute is that it is designed to be used in an digital way. It can also exist in the physical world but mostly as a representation of the actual digital thing. For example a videogame and a DVD with the game on it.
@_date: 2013-05-13 21:54:34
Do you have to be part of a mining pool and if so can you chose it? Or could you mine on your own with a very very low chance of getting all bitcoins yourself?
(thanks to all of you btw :))
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:22:12
You should clearly watch a video or two about bitcoin, or read the wiki. You will understand more about bitcoin and you can ask more specific about what part you have trouble understanding.
But to answer your question as best as I can (fairly new to bitcoin myself):
1) Bitcoins are designed in a way that you don't have to trust anyone in the network. Instead of trusting someone everything gets proven by math.
2) See the first point. The math behind the network is truly fascinating. I recommend this video: [How Bitcoin Works Under the Hood](
3) People have agreed to use certain rules. Everyone in the network uses this rules. If you change the rules, you are no longer part of the network. If you change your client to give you 100 bitcoins every 10 minutes, you are no longer part of the bitcoin network. If you try to send yourself bitcoins out of thin air everyone in the network will call you out on it.
4) Like I said in point 3. It's just not possible to just change something and still stay in the same network. Imagine you are part of a soccer tournament, but your team shows up with 38 players on the field. You are free to make your own tournament with a changed version of soccer but you can't be part of a normal tournament. As I said before. If you change the rules, you are out. Best example might be alternative bitcoin currencies like litecoin. They share a lot of similar aspects, but work under a different ruleset.
@_date: 2013-05-13 16:43:26
A question from a bitcoin newbie:
I've seen a few of those explanations and in the end it's always like the "winning miner" get's all the bitcoins. But is that really the case? I thought it was more like you get a fraction of the bitcoins (in this example 50, which is outdated).
Are people mining together, forming groups and then splitting the 50 if their group gets it? Or are all miners automatically working together and it gets split by how much you contributed?