@_author: dibyendurb
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:29:12
wo! u just did what? sold btc and eth at this low. You reminded of this guy who bought ETH at 290 and sold when it went to 175 last year, loosing 8 grand. Next week it went up to 305 -&gt; 320 -&gt; 340 -&gt; 280 (the last time), and now we know the price. Imagine that guy now with ETH &gt; 1000
@_date: 2018-08-23 21:28:11
This is what Bitcoin has been about. Few whales pumping and dumping again and again in a low volume market slaughtering the dreamy pigs. Satoshi's idea was far from this. Till early 2017, the volume was low and markets moved organically with its usual traits of volatility until the huge December pump which was because of retail investors been sold to a dream of getting rich quick through an implicit pyramid scheme, and many people who have never invested just jumped into it thinking they have made a smart move . What followed is popped bubble making few early adopters and bag holders super rich by cashing out while the rest got their investments drained. Now one may say, they were stupid. Yes! But so is you if you hope them to buy it again to pump up the price for you to be rich. One have to understand that the rational price (either zero or 1M) to an asset which is hardly in any demand can only be derived if the markets have a higher volume and distributed units of the asset. Unless there is a wide scale adoption, which will take years or decades, unless there is a global crisis and massive currency devaluation, this market will be manipulated as shit and SEC will rightfully reject the idea of an ETF. Checking historic data and co-relating with that for a hopeful pump is just childish. This time history might repeat in 5/10/20 years. A regular person who has no interest in Bitcoin or any crypto with the history of this years crash will take time to believe in this again. Distributed economy is a great concept but if the major share of the economy is not distributed it will always remain a breeding ground of bears and bulls ripping the pig apart.
@_date: 2018-08-08 20:06:16
So Right! If you are in at 1k, sure do it. Your total investment is probably much less. But to hold and see portfolio being burnt with no sign of a rational long term outlook apart from hope and speculation that someday things will hopefully bring new irrational buyers is novice. And anyone please don't give the bull-crap that shouldn't have gone in at 20k, if its not worth it and amateur to go in at 20k, how the hell do you expect to go up to 100k with all buyers waiting for a 5k. Think!
@_date: 2018-08-07 16:54:49
Does anyone in this reditt forum with their small hoard of coins have any other choice than to be fine being played.
@_date: 2019-01-17 23:12:25
It does not matter, tech or banks or retail or blockchain. End of the day its supply-demand. Bitcoins demand was created by hype and the smart ones sold at the right time. Warren Buffet knew there was nothing which could keep the demand strong as there are no real time adopted mass scale usage of it. Just some punks who thought they are the new cool. Hence once the hype died, people found it as a lossy investment and the volume went down and with it the price. As of now I do not need Bitcoin for anything at all, apart from buying it and retaining it as a novelty.  Other tech stocks have value generation by actual usage as a platform for trade or a service or a platform and hence they generate value in form of stocks. Basically, we have been fooled. Unless Bitcoin is adopted in a massive scale by some international event and someone finds value to trade it, it will go down and down for years and possibly be at zero.
@_date: 2017-09-12 21:40:19
And so are his banks MBS securities. Manipulated and a FUD. Fucking liar
@_date: 2018-07-31 17:02:01
Every price in this world is driven by demand. Bitcoin just does not have any demand at this time. These small bleeps will continue for big whales to get some more fishes to the sea and devour them. The only thing that can drive BTC price higher practically is a geopolitical situation. Banks are rouge, fiat is overrated are all bullshit claims of a small group representing few anarchist of world population. Those mean nothing to drive the price up. It will cross 30K-100K or whatever high price, the day when you think its worth not foolish to buy it at that price. Calling people buying at ATH as fools and then hoping it will cross ATH is illogical.