@_author: dickangstrom
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:37:05
Ah, gotcha. That does make a difference. I was hoping there'd be a user rating system that allowed people to prove their reputations. Thanks!
@_date: 2016-08-12 03:52:02
Can someone explain OpenBazaar to me? I read the summary of how it works on their own page, and it sounds like a trusted third party is at the core. In my experience both r/Bitcoin and the bitcoin community at large are usually against anything that requires trusting a person or institution over  a publicly understood crypto. protocol that works without much human intervention. 
How can a seemingly random third party act as an effective arbitrator while staying anonymous and remote? I understand multi-sig wallets are involved. But, and this is especially true when the pool of users is small, what is to prevent collusion between a "trusted" third party and another signatory of the multi-sig wallet (the buyer or seller)?
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:37:40
Since you answered with a question, I'm guessing your post is sarcastic. But, I don't quite get your meaning. Care to elaborate?
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:12:06
There aren't really different "kinds" of paper wallets; they all just have a public and private keypair. I would suggest trying Mycelium for iPhone if you don't have a Droid. If you have neither, I am not sure how to help.
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:00:46
I was hodling in paper wallets for a couple years, and when I decided to sell last week, I noticed that blockchain.info no longer offers the option to sweep a private key (paper wallet). I consulted with someone I trusted, and he suggested the Mycelium wallet for Android. I used it, and it worked perfectly.
In the 3-dot menu at the top of the app, choose "Cold Storage" and then choose QR code (assuming you have one of those). It will scan the private key into memory and allow you to provide it with a destination public address. It also lets you choose what level of mining fee you want to pay. Once you send, it wipes all record of the transaction from your phone and it's not associated with the wallet that Mycelium makes for you.
I swept 2 paper wallets, one with a low fee and one with the max I could pay. I would *highly* recommend paying a high fee-- the first wallet where I paid the default fee recommended by Mycelium resulted in over 20 hours wait time, whereas the max fee got confirmations in about 10 minutes. The mempool (list of unconfirmed transactions waiting to be added to a block on the blockchain) is quite large these days, and depending on who you ask you'll get a different explanation as to why. Either way, if you need it done sometime soon, pay the high fee. 