@_author: dickpudding
@_date: 2017-05-16 06:03:35
And now they offer a bounty for "comey tapes" as a money making scheme, but where is the bounty for the Russian collusion story? Funny the specific "truth" Assange endorses these days
C'mon. He's basically saying "if Donald Trump leaks me the tapes", I'll pay him a bounty. That's clearly ridiculous, no?
And if Julian is as smart as some of his obsessive fans think he is, he should be able to see pretty clearly that he's being played. Maybe Mr hero isn't so smart after all?
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:19:54
Maybe you are right. 
The point of my post, originally, was *NOT* to try to push some alleged truth on other people. I don't know what happened. I openly admit that.
What i do believe is that instead of shitting on someone who helped pioneer a technology we all love, maybe we sit back. Maybe we wait for facts to appear. 
I won't go in to what i actually believe. But what I don't believe in is going after the reputation of someone without any facts or evidence of wrongdoing. Why can't we wait the 2 days that CSW alleges he needs before attacking people? Oh right, because as much as we hate the mainstream media, we love to behave like them.
@_date: 2016-05-04 00:56:37
Compelling stuff. ;)
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:06:17
He said he believes. How can he be a liar because he believes something? You are free to believe that he's *wrong* but calling him a liar.. is well.. incorrect.
*also, as you just quoted.. Gavin knows just as well as us that his opinion doesnt matter. only proof does. so it's kind of irrelevant to claim his beliefs would help him in any way.
@_date: 2016-05-04 22:31:22
Salty. I assumed we were having a conversation. Often, people ask questions. That's cool though. Have a great day!
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:46:15
Do i need evidence to share with people something that wasn't posted here yet, and is clearly in some way relevant to the main topic of conversation?
Typically I try to avoid character assassination, so when someone claims that someone else is a liar, I'd like to know that they aren't talking out of their ass before I believe them.
I have not claimed to know anything about what happened. I had some fun postulating. If you haven't noticed, Lejitz has purported to know exactly what happened in the meeting between CSW and Gavin. thesilentwitnees then jumps in and claims I am an idiot for speculating, *not* claiming to know any alleged truths that would be impossible for me to know.
It's simple. If he knows the truth, he should put it out there. We all want to know the truth.
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:57:54
I keep seeing this around here. 
Much like Tor, wouldn't the CIA be interested in Bitcoin? Yes, the DOJ and Homeland probably hate it, but the CIA has very different goals, and one of their top concerns is being able to operate in hostile environments without drawing suspicion. It seems like, along with Tor, the CIA would absolutely love Bitcoin, and be cheering hard for it to continue to develop. All speculation anyway, and I don't know the details of the CIA thing.. Just throwing in my 2 cents.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:33:34
You guys should publish an article in The Economist. Clearly you have all the facts, and aren't rushing to judgement.
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:54:43
So basically.. If I got this right.. There is absolutely no way anyone will accept that CSW is Satoshi? I keep seeing people say "well, he could just have the keys! His email was compromised, so anything he ever said is out there!"
Ok. Then why not say.. There is no Satoshi. There is no reason to think that any single person, regardless of the proof they submit, because it could all be hacked anyway.
At least then all the drama would go away. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:52:35
Maybe I missed something.
When did Gavin double down on "beyond a reasonable doubt"?
His blog post appeared before Wrights. He did that interview, but at that point, do we know if he had read the blog post? Even in that interview he says "it's possible I'm wrong"
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:27:29
The only person that would have secret recordings is Trump. Do you see Trump leaking the alleged tapes to WikiLeaks? 
That's why this is idiotic and is simply a donation to WikiLeaks under the guise of contributing to a bounty.
Also, is there a bounty on proof re: Russian collusion? That's obviously a much much bigger story. Maybe I missed it.
Julian sure cares about truth... Just curious which truths he seems to care about lately.
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:52:27
I totally get that. 
But do you really think that Gavin would say "you know what.. yes. They will just believe me if I say it. The Bitcoin community isn't skeptical at all!"
There's no way he thought that. Why would he take part in something that is clearly going to further damage his reputation? He's not that stupid. 
No, may he have been "bamboozled"? Absolutely possible. But all this talk about how he did all this with some sort of malicious intent is ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:34:52
Call The Economist guys, Lejitz has a story for them! And it's all backed up by facts!
@_date: 2016-05-04 00:03:33
Yeah I just figure considering they were working closely together, and Gavin has pointed out the "prickly" personality.. they may have had some rather heated discussions. 
But again.. What do I know? I just find it quite interesting how quickly he got trashed, when CSW's actions, blog post, etc. are clearly out of his control. I understand that many people have doubts that Gavin properly investigated some claims, including the key signing.. but it may well have been any number of other things that convinced him as well. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 00:37:42
Well, I respectfully disagree with that assessment of his actions, but.. Fair enough.
He literally said that *he* believes CSW is SN. I don't think I saw him say in his blog post that suddenly everyone must listen to CSW, or that because he believes they are one in the same that you must as well. 
I don't think that his goal with going to London was "well, I'll know the truth, everyone will believe me, and CSW will assume his role as leader". He assumed, as he messaged Dan Kaminsky today, that CSW would simply post cryptographic proof, not some stupid rambling, stolen blog post. I think categorizing this as an "appeal to authority", while somewhat accurate, isn't terribly relevant. Because as you know, as Gavin knew, nobody will believe it without independently verifiable evidence.
Again.. I feel like people are assigning CSW's insanity to Gavin, which I don't think is fair. 
*edit to add- I imagine that if you worked on something incredibly revolutionary, but never knew the inventor that you were working with.. you'd probably be awfully curious to meet them. I can't say I blame the guy. Now, Andreas and many of you may feel differently.. but to me, it'd be awfully tough to be like "yeah, i know we worked together and created something beautiful.... I give no fucks about you, and am not curious to speak with you. " All of this assuming he made a fairly compelling argument when he invited Gavin. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:20:31
Absolutely, this is certainly possible. I'm inclined to doubt that this is the case, but you never know. 
@_date: 2017-05-13 00:48:46
"Hey guys! Don't forget about me! I'm totally relevant still, believe me!!!!"
-Julian Assange
Anyone dumb enough to contribute to this deserves exactly what they get...No tapes, and no refund. But hey, at least you'll have lined Julians pockets for nothing
Per Ken Dilanian at NBC:
A source close to Comey told me this morning: “He hopes there are tapes. That would be perfect.”
If you honestly believe Trump's twitter nonsense I feel bad for you.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:56:54
Clearly his gullibility ruined the technology that he worked on for years, and you now have a large stake in. So I totally get that.....
what are the consequences thus far? Other than a news story, and blog post that nobody believes.. How has this hurt Bitcoin? How has this affected Bitcoin development? 
I'm sure there are things I haven't considered. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:46:03
Again I'll point out that there is a 0% chance Gavin thought that *not* posting proof would convince anyone else. He knows very well what the burden of proof is in a system like Bitcoin. You keep going on about how he thought he would gain some influence, and power through all of this.. and it's one of the more ridiculous notions I've heard in this whole affair.
So yes, his plan was as follows:
1. Go to London.
2. Tell everyone that CSW is Satoshi, without any proof, and without believing it
3. Win!
This is so ridiculous and conspiracy ridden that its silly to continue attempting to talk to you about it. So yes, I am gullible because I haven't fallen in to fantasy conspiracy land. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:54:33
Again, because you know what he did and didn't see, you should publish an article in the Economist. God knows they want the truth, and you have it! You win!
@_date: 2016-05-04 04:05:32
I can understand that. However, does anyone here "just trust him"? Has he ever asked that of you? I'm certainly less of an expert than many of you... But I don't think thats how it works, or has worked.
I get your sentiment, I just think it is being overstated when it comes to reality, isn't it?
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:46:53
You know, it's funny that people are so convinced that Gavin has lost it, is irresponsible, etc.
Consider this: CSW is Satoshi. He's also certifiably nuts.
But, if Gavin sat there with him reminiscing with CSW, and CSW spoke about private e-mails and conversations between the two of them.. Wouldn't that be convincing? It was also mentioned that he saw old drafts of the whitepaper, etc.
My point is- Nobody has any clue what was said in the meeting. Seems like instead of shitting all over Gavin, people should sit back and wait for the nutjob (that may very well be Satoshi) to publish something. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:45:11
Nobody else reviews code before it is committed? When was his last commit? When has Gavin "made plans" that just go through without discussion?