@_author: didnotseeitco879
@_date: 2018-12-15 12:37:37
Yeah you as a fanboy, but 99.999% of people don't. The majority won't use it to pay stuff when there's such volatility, surely you must understand that. You think businesses can operate on btc when they risk losing even 2% of its value in one day? Even 0.5% loss is too much to be able to use a coin. It's simply useless as a payment method and that's hard to swallow for the majority of holders. Some of them seem to think that the more holders, the less volatility, but it has nothing to do with the amount of people who have this coin. The volatility is a consequence of fixed supply, which leads to speculation, until people realize that this constant speculation and holding makes this coin useless, and we may almost reach this point. 
The fact that people are selling is because they don't see the value of it rising in the near future, otherwise they would hold. The hype is over and it didn't prove to have value after the hype (unlike .com businesses, who quickly recovered). 
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:15:11
'Agenda' lol. 
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:58:55
Libertarian clown: ''Just because something is a speculative asset doesn't mean it is devoid of value''
''Oh, okay, where are you speculating on?''
Libertarian clown: ''On the fact it is a speculative asset''
''Oh okay, thanks.''
Libertarian clown: ''Everything is bad, whole system must be changed, government bad, banks bad, everything bad''
''So, what's your contribution to society in order to change things?''
Libertarian clown: ''Nothing, I just post my opinions everywhere on the net, I'm against everything cause everything is just... bad. I haven't seen daylight since last christmas and I don't know how society really works, but I have a critical mind, and that's more valuable than millions of hardworking people who are trying to contribute something to society on a daily basis. I'm good at analyzing stuff even though none of my views are based on reality.''
''Oh okay. Thanks. I should definitely take your advice on stuff''
@_date: 2018-12-15 13:45:30
Yeah, to pump and dump and speculate. You want to keep speculating forever? Something must be useful in the first place. Can't keep speculating forever on quicksand.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:01:24
It's extremely naive to compare this bearrun with previous bearruns. To get back at ath, you need huge exposure and a new hype. But times have changed, more and more people ask themselves what the true use of btc is. In the past, no one really knew, but now that we see there is literally zero adoption, it becomes clear that there is no real usecase. Could be btc will reach 20k again in 10-15 years, if something strange happens, like hyperinflation, but do people really want to wait that long? You'll be old and ugly. Quick lambo is over, I personally think that this coin and most other coins are going to crash completely. Bitcoin though, will sustain, and maybe some stable coins which are perfectly fine to use instead of fiat. You have the possibility to buy goods and services with tether. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 12:50:20






The cause of speculation and not spending it is fixed supply, which causes volatility and pump and dump. The speculation is nice the first years, when there's hope and hype. But then we begin to see the clear picture, namely that nobody uses it. 
The value of Bitcoin doesn't need to be based on something else's value. It needs to be useful as a payment method. When people are able to spend it without it losing value, and stores allow btc payments, we can call it useful. 
The coin is doomed to fail, unless there's huge hyperinflation (won't happen in our lifetime, western economies are pretty solid, as we saw with the financial crisis; they quickly recovered), or if banks offer it to their clients as an investment method/part of their portfolio (won't happen so quickly). 
Value could go back to under 1000, not zero yet, because you'll always have gamblers and speculators. But the longer this bearmarket lasts, and no adoption happens, people will just abandon it.
@_date: 2018-12-16 16:06:12
'The government, the government'. See, that's why people don't take btc and libertarian clowns seriously. They live outside of society, in a parallel universe. No western government confiscates gold, people in the western world live in a society with rules, there are judges and a court system. All these conspiracy fantasies from libertarian clowns aren't based on reality. 'If this happens, if that happens'. Put your head of your window and look at reality. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:37:36
Bitcoin has no usecase as a currency/payment method, simple as that. Only thing left is being a store of value. But now that the hype is gone, it can only be a store of value if it is useful (that means if you can buy stuff with it without huge volatility). Conclusion: it has no value, apart from pointless speculation, but this will end as well if it doesn't prove to be useful. Price of 3200 is way, way too high. It can only go down from now on, unless there are clear signs of adoption, and that's not the case. Question is if it will ever be adopted at all. This is not the bottom. Another drop and more miners will sell. Some miners can only hold it for another 2-3 weeks before they must sell because of rising costs. You can ban this post (I see many bans lately), but maybe it's time for the mods to take wise decisions as well and face reality?
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:47:53
There is no support anymore. There's only support of new people want to invest, but why would you invest now? 
@_date: 2018-12-15 15:35:21
I don't know if you understand, but people can have different opinions than yours. Constantly calling them trolls is pure cope and won't solidify what you say, neither will it bring up the price. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:22:55
Not really. The value of btc IS 3100 at the moment, so you can buy stuff with it. The problem is, nobody does it because of volatility, and therefore, in the end, it is useless. But of course, some clown libertarians will tell you they use it, so they call a couple of people on this planet using btc to buy stuff 'adoption'. People who are in it 'for the tech': the tech is here, it's called blockchain, it's being implemented by many companies. We don't need btc, we need a trustworthy stablecoin to be able to buy stuff without fiat. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 14:09:04
The only one who's trolling is you. As usual, no arguments, just accusations of trolling. Stop coping. Point is made very clear by me and others: btc has some serious flaws. Now, what you do with this information is up to you, but right now it's going down and neither you or me can do anything about it. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 15:11:08
Bashing Bcash = MAJOR COPE. Bitcoin as well as bcash are both in deep shit. Bashing bcash ain't gonna change nothing about the shitty situation the whole cryptomarket is in. 