@_author: didon15
@_date: 2018-01-06 13:09:20
How’s this morning looking? 
So much BTC vs ALTS hatred in these communities. Can’t the groups live in harmony? Such an immature mindset and a terrible look to just mindlessly bash one or the other. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:30:50
I imagine so. It does seem like their support team is in an Asian time zone, though, so be patient with their responses. They were usually getting back to me in the middle of the night. took a couple days to resolve, though I wasn't rushing. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:24:56
I lost my phone last week skiing. also had a binance account. Couldn't get google auth to work right on new phone, so just reached out to binance support to disable it. 
I had to go through a couple verification steps, and was subject to a 48 hour hold on withdrawal, but they disabled 2FA which allowed me to regain access to my account. 
Hope this helps. Good luck
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:15:50
Couldn't disagree more! Great skiing, incredible sushi, friendly people, wonderful mass transit/Shinkansen system, and breathtaking beauty all around.
Japan is an awesome country!!
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:56:00
I can stand the volatility, but this is getting absurd.  I am a classically educated economist, and there are just way too many red flags coming up for me.  I'd love to continue believing that bitcoin could assume the role of money in the austrian sense, but I am just not onboard with that anymore. 
I am a strong believer of crypto currencies, but bitcoin is proving to be more of a speculative bubble than actual currency based on the data available to me.  
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:23:28
I recently sold a large portion of my holdings which i bought at $60.  I will not be buying back until I see a couple things, one of which being the main reason I sold.  
* The volatility is absurd and I am just tired of dealing with that. 
* The main reason I sold is that Bitcoin is not taking off like I had hoped it would as a medium of exchange.  Folks are simply using it as a store of value right now, hoping they can be part of the group that profits off the potential long run gains. The graph showing transactions vs the market cap told me all I needed to know: 
It isn't being adopted as a currency, and instead is being hoarded away by all those who currently own them.  These folks think they may be doing a service to the community or are hopeful that the value continues to go up, but by not taking these coins and helping to create a viable bitcoin based marketplace where folks can easily spend the coins, these folks are ultimately screwing themselves over. 
That was a very simple explanation, of course, but it says what I need it to.  Bitcoin isn't being adopted as a practical medium of exchange, and that will be its ultimate downfall. 
Cashing out.  Holding onto a few coins just in case I am dead wrong (which I hope I am, but things aren't looking peachy). 
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:48:35
I appreciate your reply, and do understand that bitcoin can be used to purchase things like what is listed above.  I love beef jerky too, and will actually use some of my btc to buy some of that now!  So thanks for that...
That said, however, I am still not impressed.  I want to be able to buy groceries, pay my rent, car bill, heating bill, gas bill, etc etc etc.  I just don't see the potential for that happening any time soon.  
Potential vendors, despite options being made available to them to mitigate this risk, are too afraid to get involved because of the volatility associated with the currency.  They are scared that they may get hit with huge loses by accepting the coins and then their value going down in between the time it takes to either exchange for fiat or restock their shelves.  Like I said, I know there are options available to help prevent that sort of thing from happening, but do these shopkeeps know that?  No. Are there evangelists who are able to get through to these folks?  Not really. 
I see what you are saying and agree there are places that accept coins, but not for day-to-day needs, and until that happens it will remain nothing more than a niche market.  
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:49:38
Really appreciate this comment and will get you a decent reply once I return from lunch and am no longer on cell.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:47:57
Well of course, I wasn't necessarily commenting on the individual selling at a loss, but simply stating I was selling as well because my confidence in Bitcoin is at an all time low. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:11:33
Truth!  I hear you, and I'll fall back on the last sentence of my original comment:


@_date: 2013-11-20 06:44:23
Nice, I work in a job fighting malicious activity on the interwebz, and can definitely say that these types of folks are absolutely relentless. They will not stop and they are very, very crafty. They're also smart and generally very astute at social engineering. 
Always wear a tinfoil hat.
@_date: 2013-10-02 17:49:40
How the fuck did they make the arrest if they were all on furlough???? 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:48:26
No. I originally purchased my coins on gox. I've sold the ones I've sold via a different exchange (and left the fiat on there in case things start to take a better turn) and on local bitcoins for cash. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:56:59
And that is different than making the same investment two weeks ago how...?
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:15:32
I wasn't viewing it as an opportunity to get rich. I'm very satisfied with my current net worth and invested a few thousand dollars in it earlier this year with hopes to participate in its growth. 
I'm an economist by training and was really drawn to the currency because of the ledger. Here is this currency that has recorded every single transaction in its history. The treasure trove of data that would be available should btc take off as a commonly accepted medium of exchange would be INCREDIBLE!! The conclusions we could arrive at by way of such data would have the potential to alter the field of economics forever! That is what excited me, not the chance to get rich.
I've certainly cashed out a large percentage of my holdings and made a nice profit, but I'm still holding onto a few.  The only purchase I've made using the coins has been through the Mises Institute, and I've also donated a few coins to certain charities, but outside of that my experience with the utility of btc hasn't been all that great.
That alone doesn't bother me, what does is that there aren't many members of the community actively taking their coins and using them to build the marketplace. Instead, we've got folks hoarding coins away, a seriously skewed wealth distribution, and tons of folks hoping this is a new gold rush. 
I'm not walking away forever, instead I'm just moving back to a safer distance for a spectator and hoping an Elon Musk type figure appears and becomes the savior that btc needs. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:44:33
As much as I love candy, chocolate, coffee, and tea, I'm jut not entirely sure I can survive on them. 
My point exactly.  The utility of bitcoin for rent is nil.  Why the hell would I want to take the time to convert fiat -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; gift card -&gt; landlord?  That is a bit excessive for my liking.  Credit card, on the other hand, I could probably work with.  I've definitely seen ideas for them in the past, but have any of those come to fruition?  Would I feel safe/comfortable using one of these cards?  
The vendor risk argument is real, even if you don't buy it.  While there is very little risk, Mom + Pop Douglass who own the corner store don't understand this, and explaining it to them is very difficult.  Have you ever tried to sell a product someone doesn't understand to that person?  If so, you'll know how incredibly fucking difficult it is to turn someone into a believer EVEN with tons and tons of evidence.  So while you believe the argument to be dead, you're dealing with confirmation bias, and in the end your beliefs are ultimately irrelevant because you aren't the vendor who sees risk in almost every move they make as that business is probably their livelihood, and IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT.  Current system works just fine for most of these folks, and while they'd love to earn more moolah, the perceived cost of becoming educated about btc, implementing it into their infrastructure, etc etc etc is just far to great for them to shoulder.  
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:33:07
This is a very good question, and should Moore's Law hold up, then I do not believe there is much we need to worry about in this particular regard.  Please forgive me if I am wrong on any point, as I am not as well versed in the art of Bitcoin mining as I'd like.  Much of the technical aspect of the process is way, way over my head.  To give you a bit of perspective, I am an economics man, do work with large datasets every day as a part of my job, and have zero formal training in the area of computer science and/or programming.  Most of my undergrad exams were completed using pen and a bluebook, my notes were on loose leaf notebook paper, and I much preferred physically writing something over typing. I am very familiar with spreadsheet software like Excel, and can make it my bitch, but I still have a lot to learn when it comes to working with large datasets.  Immersing myself in mysql these days. 
I digress, but I just wanted to give that heads up before you took my word as gospel (which nobody should, haha) that while my brain holds a wealth of economic theory information, it is quite lacking in other areas. 
All that said, I am confident that if Moore's Law remains true over the next century, bitcoin shouldn't have any issue whatsoever with prohibitively large transactions fees.  That would be a shitty way to fizzle out, though! 
Oh the irony of creating something that is supposed to eliminate the burden of middle man transactions fees dying by way of absurd trans fees due to the cost of technology.  
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:49:14
I think cryptocurrencies in general are likely the way of the future.  i believe that a coin with the backing of a large state government who's own currency is either the current default currency or is a threat to the default currency would beat the volatile market, but perhaps only in the short run.  I just think there are far, far, far too many barriers to entry for cyrpto's like bitcoin trying to infiltrate without any support from a major player in the world, and while it is possible, it just creates for massive amounts of uncertainty which is exactly the opposite of what you want when you're dealing with money. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:52:53
I don't think it is necessarily one problem that can be fixed to resolve all of the issues that bitcoin faces now.  I think it is a combination of these problems which bitcoin is struggling under the weight of, and they all combine to create large amounts of uncertainty for the future of the coin.  During uncertain economic periods, people hoard their money!  That's just the way it works, and the only thing that will change that is less uncertainty.  And, of course, a more developed bitcoin marketplace (not just talking a single website, but the whole marketplace in general). 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:10:19
hahaha, fortunately, I've ended up at a couple of the smaller programs which have given me a pretty objective education, and who's professors are actually all about examining what is going on in the world of Bitcoin.  I guess it helps to have profs who's beliefs skew towards the libertarian end of the spectrum. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:44:14
and its bouncing right back up. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:21:50
What do you purchase???  I would love to purchase things I need/use on a day-to-day basis.  Basic normal life needs.  That is what I want.  Is that possible?  Until I can purchase things found in a a basic basket of consumer goods, those things that I need to survive, then I don't see the utility of BTC as growing.  Until then, it is simply a currency which satisfies a niche market...essentially the same as purchasing Lindens or something.  
I want to use Bitcoin for needs.  That is when I will view BTC as money and a commonly accepted medium of exchange.  That is when Bitcoin will have utility. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:37:18
Anti ethical because I'm not practicing what I preach? Sure, I guess you could say that, but I never jumped into this game with the intentions of becoming an early adopter evangelist sort. Honestly, when I purchased the coins my plan was just to hold onto them for a long while, and purchasing something here or there when the opportunity presented itself, which unfortunately hasn't been often at all. 
I definitely viewed my purchase as a speculative investment as well, and won't try to pretend it was something else entirely. I had the spare cash available to me, thought 60 was a very low price point for the coins (right after the correction from $240), and figured why the hell not. I considered it just another facet to my already well diversified investment portfolio, and didn't buy enough to even come close to being a major player in the market. I'm talking a handful of coins, and not anything of any real significance.
I never had any intentions of day trading or using the investment as a get rich quick scheme. It was more of a long term "if it goes huge, I win in all sorts of ways" type thing, and would've used the profits from that to bankroll some dreams of mine which would've definitely incorporated BTC (I guess this is still a possibility as I have a few coins left). I definitely didn't have he intention to sell it so soon.
I just don't have the technical wherewithal to create something that will have an impact on the bitcoin economy, but would've happily supported someone's vision who did had I found a vision that lined up closely enough with my own. I didn't.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:24:11
Right.  It is as if you believe that someone purchasing two weeks ago was somehow aware of what would happen, whereas someone now isn't....
It's all a crap shoot.  Unless you've got a ridiculous sum of money to pump into the system, then it will ultimately be impossible to have any sort of prescience regarding the price movements, so there is never, ever any guarantee.   
@_date: 2013-11-10 03:22:01
As an economist, that's been my experience with it all too. Just feel kinda grateful to have been able to watch this entirely new idea birthed and hashed out in real time. I'm not heavily invested, by any means, but did purchase a few right after the last lil bubble popped and stashed those away. I doubt I'll buy any more until it is more widely accepted. Not as a lack if faith, but I like to keep my limited investment monies well diversified, and as objective as possible. 
I try not to buy into the madness of it all, and don't really keep track of the hourly changes. Of course, it's hard to avoid that entirely during moments like this, but the evolution of the currency, idea, and philosophies supporting it are far more fascinating to me than any of the financial opportunities. 
I most excited about the treasure trove of data that becomes available should it gain traction as money (in the Austrian sense) and the potential applicability to the evolution of economic theory. Woah! 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:47:06
Honestly, I really, really hope I end up regretting selling right now! I still wanna go to the moon....
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:06:24
They run the gammut. One similarity between all, that I've noticed at least, is that none have outright said btc is doomed to fail or that it won't become a worldwide currency, though they all admit the former a possibility with high potential, and the later a very small possibility (cue Lloyd Christmas:  Like myself, most are excited by the recorded ledger and the ease of accessing accurate data that would provide, think about it: that would sort of end the "fair and balanced" but conflict of interest plagued work of auditors, which is a whole different story itself haha.
So, yeah, some think it'll be successful in the long run, but not to the degree the hardcore evangelists do, and some think it'll tank. All are excited by the market disruption, and most of my favorite profs are thrilled by the prospect of eliminating central banks! 
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:39:35
Lol.  Currently completing my masters in econ.  So I guess I'm still not quite there yet, and realize an econ degree from one of the top ranked undergrad economics programs doesn't really give me much to stand on, but I'd still like to share my viewpoints.  You can make of it what you will, and I'd highly suggest you take my comments with a grain of salt. 
Thanks for commenting :-) 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:49:52
that is simply the number of transactions, if I am reading correctly, whereas what I am posting is the number of transactions relative to the market cap.  