@_author: didroe
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:10:52


That's a bit of an understatement. When you divide the BTC, what you're really taking about is prices. Dividing prices by 10 increases the value of any current holdings 10 fold. That seems like a recipe for more hoarding and eventual inflation when people get tempted to convert to something more tangible.
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:58:23
In a Bitcoin economy, interest rates would tend to be zero though as far as I can tell. Imagine everyone deposits their Bitcoins into banks that loan them out, there aren't any spare Bitcoins to pay the interest.
@_date: 2013-11-22 22:11:41
Observation of the world and human behavior doesn't fit with what you are saying. Why do shops have sales? They obviously work. There is a point at which we will decide the value of owning something is greater than the value our money has elsewhere. Money increasing in value will affect that point, therefore people on the whole will consume less.
But anyway, I was thinking more about the supply side where it's not about getting a shiny new toy but about how much interest you're earning. There, something that might be profitable won't be done unless the profit outstrips the deflation of the currency. Surely you can see that deciding whether something is worth doing based on deflation (purely determined by demand for limited money) is a bad idea? A perfect currency, in my opinion, would remain stable in value.
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:50:36
| Spending should be deiced on the merits of the exchange, not spurred by fear of loss due to inflation.
Bitcoin has the opposite problem; you won't be deciding purely on the merits of an exchange, the perceived value of a transaction will have to be greater than the increase in the value of your coins due to deflation.
Inflation can be offset by increasing interest rates or taxes. To be fair, Bitcoin can actually be controlled but it would require some entity that can be trusted to remove coins from circulation. That's doesn't fit with the libertarian utopia that seems to be promoted around Bitcoin though.