@_author: die_later
@_date: 2018-03-12 21:02:49
They're all worthless.  No sovereign government, central bank, or other regulatory authority can tolerate competing currencies issued by random people, even if they're "decentralized."  That's why counterfeiting is illegal.  
Cryptocurrency Guy:  "Hey, Mr. Government and Ms. Government, we're going to start issuing virtual currencies so that people can buy stuff with them instead of using your government-issued and government-sanctioned currency.  They can get these new virtual currencies by "mining" and by trading for them and through ICOs and in whatever other manner anyone thinks up.  It'll be so great."
Mr. Government and Ms. Government:  "Let me show you to your prison cell.  Right this way, please."
Governments will not lose control of monetary policy and the money supply.  They will crush all of this stuff.  The wheels of justice are slow but certain.
And that's not a bad thing.  Bitcoin alone has a built-in monetary policy -- a disastrously deflationary monetary policy -- worse than the Great Depression.  All cryptocurrencies combined have a built-in monetary policy -- a disastrously hyper-inflationary monetary policy -- worse than Venezuela, Zimbabwe, and 1920s Germany combined.  
All of this junk will end up getting priced at its true value, which i s zero.  The only question is will the "investors" come to their senses and drive the price down to zero before the governments force it to zero?  
@_date: 2018-03-12 23:29:38
I don't care at all about blockchain or banking, and I'm not commenting on it either way.  After 10 years, nobody has come up with a widespread blockchain use.  But I don't care either way.  With or without blockchain getting useful, these "currencies" have zero value and they will eventually get priced accordingly.  
@_date: 2018-03-11 18:11:28
Because it has no value.  So you can kill the price by merely waiting until price and value converge, which they inevitably must do.  Edit typo.  
@_date: 2018-03-12 01:59:09
It has never had actual value.  And it never will.  We're talking about it because the 10 guys who own 99% of this crap wash traded and marketed the price to $20k throughout last year so the could make a few billion off of you suckers.  I don't know when the price will match the zero value, and I don't know what will happen between now and then, but I do know that it has zero value and the price will eventually match that zero value.  
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:33:39
Even assuming that it's a currency, then Bitcoin is -- by design and definition -- extremely deflationary currency.  That's not good.  In fact, that's devastatingly bad for everyone.  
And, assuming that all crypto-currencies are currencies, then they are -- by design and by definition -- extremely inflationary as currencies and as a class.  That's not good.  In fact, that's devastating for everyone.  
Sometimes, I begin to wonder if anyone involved in this even has the most basic knowledge of economics, finance, currencies, monetary policy, and investment.  
Even the most foundational basics of these things?  Why they exist?  How they work?  The trade-offs between various -- and inherently necessary -- policy decision?  How those policy decisions and their consequences cascade through all kinds of arenas?  
The ignorance -- and I don't use that word loosely or pejoratively -- is astonishing.  