@_author: diethylamide18
@_date: 2016-08-10 03:51:12
I think they are just misinterpreting/misunderstanding what you are saying.
If you create a new $20 dollar bill, both are worth the same, but both are worth less than a $20 bill was worth yesterday due to inflation.
@_date: 2016-08-09 15:42:19
Can't this already be done by using tumblers or just pushing the btc through xmr and back again?
@_date: 2016-08-10 02:14:50
Hmm true, but what about using xmr? Wouldn't that sever the link?
@_date: 2016-07-11 11:14:42
1) If anyone lived through that period - did it work? Was gold scarce in households, or was it like prohibition where no one gave a damn? (Or perhaps something in between where people held gold, but it was illiquid due to illegality, etc?)
It didn't really work since most people that did own didn't fork it over anyway, and the state never has the resources to properly enforce such a thing. It does make gold less liquid though. I don't think it would even happen again, since too little of the population even owns enough gold to make it worthwhile for the government to do. It seems to me that the western banks/governments are trying to destroy gold outright and are failing miserably.
Bullion banks and other big players have been manipulating the price of gold downwards since the start of QE3, but they are now losing control again.
1-A) If the same scenario came up today (gold made illegal), would bitcoin value soar? Can bitcoin bypass these controls?
Not sure if it would soar or not, but bitcoin can easily bypass these controls. The only difficulty crypto has right now is that you have to get some in the first place, normally using fiat. But this continues to get easier, and one can always trade with others for other things. As more and more people start using crypto - owning crypto - and running nodes, the more difficult it will be to stop it. In fact I think it is already too late.
1-B) What would happen if Bitcoin were made illegal?
Would be more difficult to acquire for new people, and the price would probably go up. I don't think such a move would be very successful though.
1-C) Are the Chinese fearing just such a thing when they hold bitcoins today? AKA is the Gold Reserve Act a good case study of Capital Controls?
I think they primarily fear inflation and general Yuan devaluations but capital controls is another aspect. I would say citizens of all countries should fear both of these things. Currency devaluation is heating up across the globe and IMO hyperinflation is a major risk to even the major currencies. Fiat is always a race to the bottom in the end.
2) Is Bitcoin a better version of Gold? Or complementary?
Better and complimentary. The upsides to gold that bitcoin doesn't have are tangibility and millenia worth of trust in the human psyche and culture. Bitcoin has no storage worries though and also no problem with third parties holding any - unless you hold large amounts with an exchange or something. Going forward I have no doubt that bitcoin is more useful in general, but at this time in history I think it would be foolish not to hold both.
Also keep in mind there is a large generation gap. The older crown aren't likely to get into bitcoin and will just hold gold, but interest in crypto will grow as time passes.
2-A) Assuming some kind of governmental controls are coming down the line in the next few years - does it make more sense to hold bitcoins, which seems to have already appreciated in market value, or buy Etherum instead, which is still cheap, for someone just getting into it anticipating its usage years down the line, but not right now?
Tough question so I would argue for holding both. Bitcoin is the safer play, especially since it is essentially just digital money and therefore has less use cases. Ethereum, with its turing complete language is much more of a wildcard and unproven at this point. Lots of potential though, so I'd personally suggest holding at least a bit.
@_date: 2016-07-08 04:07:10
Another potential option for Canadians is to make an OKPay account and then use BitSquare to get your coins.