@_author: digital-state
@_date: 2018-01-12 18:37:51




It's true for any business. And any investment.
It's especially true for the stocks.. And lo and behold - Warren Buffett have position in different stocks on the traditional market.
You can say that they are "more stable" than crypto, and so on, and so forth.. But the point still the same - it's still betting on something.


Yeah, i like that argument.
Still, i tend to think that it adds some legitimacy to the market - when people like Breyer or Novogratz are participating in it. And especially when it's a multinational companies like Bosch, or  even governments like Australia or Thailand (i'm talking about their pilot projects with Power Ledger team).
Poker players and venture capitalists may have _something_ in common, i don't know - i'm not an expert - but they are far from being equal, in my opinion.


Of course, that's just common sense. "Do not invest more than you are willing to lose" and so on.
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:50:14


Well, he's not the only one. I actually read carefully your few comments in this thread, and they make sense.
Still, he is not the only billionaire in the world. And definitely not the only smart one.
As you know, world's richest are very divided on topic of bitcoin and crypto in general. For example, Jim Breyer - another renowned billionaire - just invested in VeChain.


Well, it's for each and everyone to speculate - which valuation bitcoin would have at the end. The one that was few years ago, one year ago or current price, for example.
Still, the whole cryptomarket valuation seem to be so small compared to traditional markets that i don't think you need to worry about that for quite some time.. say, 1-2 years.
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:12:36


That's undeniably true.
Crypto is much more riskier investment than anything else, no one in their own mind would argue with that. And given a choice and 1 million US dollars, i would probably stay away from crypto - or put in 50 000, just for fun.
But do many of cryptoinvestors have an actual choice? For an overwhelming percentage of (relatively) small investors on that market, including myself - it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get rich.
And do i need to remind you that one can become _really_ rich on that market? - a millionaire, for example. At the very worst, you can probably still get more in a year than from traditional ways of investment (bank deposits, etc).


True, but you can say the same for business in general. That's why a lot of people still working in the offices over the world around the clock - because risk is an inherent quality of doing your own business.
Some published statistics goes so far as to say that 9 of 10 small businesses don't survive through the first year. It probably depends on the country/local economic situation, but the argument stands the same.
I'm totally fine with "dreamshot investment" definition, especially considering that large investors like Jim Breyer are in the game. And he's not the only one, mind you - there's Mike Novogratz, Tom Lee from Fundstrat, Winklevoss twins and many others.
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:47:01


I don't think that i "must" to do anything :), you seem to went off too far there - even as a figure of speech.
And I disagree with this dichotomy - "if it's not a safe investing, then it's gambling".
Cryptocurrencies are not a gambling, not a lottery, not a "tulip craze", in my opinion. It's a new class of asset, and a revolutionary one - i strongly believe in that.
Jim Breyer is not a "gambler" also, he's a venture investor - as you said yourself. Same goes for Mike Novogratz, Winklevoss twins and others.
Same goes for many, many companies which are now investing in cryptomarket, from Bosch (IOTA) to PwC (VEN).
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:29:07
It's funny that when the price rise, nobody here seem to mind all these mem posts, rollercoaster gifs, etc - essentially, about price. On bitcoin ATH this subreddit consists almost 100% of them.
But when the price goes down, suddenly there is "revolutionary" posts like this one - "when did the value become..". Like it doesn't matter that the price goes down - we need to ignore it, because "value is not everything".
@_date: 2018-06-30 09:48:25
1700 BTC at 0.06$ is a mere 100$. I don't see any point in cashing out even at 1$. It's not a significant amount of money, anyway.
8$, on the other hand, would make it worth about 13k$, so it would be great to cash out 50&amp; of the gains, for example.
Point is, even if he cashed out 95&amp; at some point (or various points), he still would be sitting on a very impressive amount of money (about 425k$ by current BTC exchange rate).
Which means that all he needed to do is not to cash out everything. Especially considering that his initial investment was so small in the first place.