@_author: digitaljestin
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:54:05
Also a good point.
Now that I'm thinking about miners lowering fees for consolidating transactions, I don't see why they wouldn't.  It appears to be in their best interest to incentivize less UTXOs.  If a miner's UTXO storage cost really goes up exponentially, I forsee this practice becoming the norm.  If so, I also see wallets having a setting that trades off anonymity for lower tx fees.
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:15:45
So if the current limit goes as high as 500mb, then a malicious entity could still spam the network with very large blocks.  ISP bandwidth is not going to scale as the moving block size limit does, so it seems we would still need a hard limit.  I don't see how this resolves the current debate.
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:40:02
I'm less worried about the cost of bandwidth than I am the availability.  I got 1Gb/sec up and down at home (thanks Google Fiber!), but what if even that isn't enough for some hypothetically high block size?  The internet really only runs so fast, and that limit won't increase algorithmically like a moving block size limit, even if I have the funds to pay for it.  It seems your original concern about DoS attacks is still valid, unless a hard limit is imposed.
@_date: 2015-05-08 15:58:42
Couldn't this be solved if smarter wallets were to consolidate UTXOs?  For instance, once the wallet is storing a certain number of UTXO private keys, it automatically creates a transaction that transfers all of them into a single UTXO.
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:48:13
Don't miners need to run a full node, or at least be connected to a trusted one?  Others run full nodes as a cost of doing business, but I don't see end users running them as bitcoin gains adoption.  It will mostly be miners and organizations.
Whoever is running a full node has an incentive to reduce UTXOs, right?
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:37:51
Am I missing something?  The miners are the ones who pay for the UTXO database.  It seems they have an incentive to keep it small, and that it turn could lead them to incentivize users to reduce UTXOs.
@_date: 2016-03-02 16:59:58
I don't see "the hate" as serving any purpose.  Seashells can be used to settle.  Gold can be used to settle.  Fiat can be used to settle.  Powdered washing detergent can be used to settle.
I have 2 questions for the self-proclaimed haters:
1.  Why should bitcoin be excluded from this list?
2.  How are you possibly going to prevent bitcoin to be used for settlement?
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:25:34
That would be lower transaction fees.  Instead of wallets creating a new transaction (presumably with its own fee), a transaction that turns 10 UTXOs into 2 UTXOs (aka, spending dust) would require a lower fee to make it onto the block.  Of course, incentivizing higher numbers of transaction inputs just adds to the block size, which is half the point of less UTXOs to begin with.  I suppose you can't get something for nothing.
It seems that you can get a smaller UTXO database for the price of less anonymity and larger transaction/block sizes.  Yep.  Bitcoin has some scaling problems.
@_date: 2016-03-01 21:32:02
I suppose the issue is that Bitcoin is permissionless...so nobody can really stop someone from building a network on top of it.  If a few changes are made, then LN can be trustless.  If those changes aren't made, then someone will probably still use it for settlement...just not as trustless.  I don't see how it's a choice, so I don't see how it's a debate either.
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:59:39
I have a dumb question.  If we can allow a block size limit to move up and down, what's the point of having a block size limit to begin with?
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:14:26
That makes sense.
Since miners are the ones paying for this additional RAM/disk space, it does seem like they could incentivize transactions that reduce those costs.  This could be a change in the algorithm miners use to select which transactions go into a block.  Then wallets that did better UTXO consolidation would save their users on transaction fees.  No hard or soft fork required.
@_date: 2016-03-02 16:49:20
I'm a fan of the Lightning Network, but I disagree that it's the only way to scale.  Sidechains seem to have their place, and let's not forget that there is no reason for there to be only a single Lightning Network.  There's nothing stopping multiple Lightning-style networks to be built on top of the Bitcoin blockchain...or perhaps a sidechain of Bitcoin.
We have many options.
@_date: 2016-03-01 21:42:30
How is anyone being forced?  Just because there is payment network built on top of Bitcoin, doesn't mean anyone has to use it.  it doesn't close the door to on-chain transactions.  i think there's room enough in the ecosystem for both on and off-chain transactions.
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:47:36
I'm not sure how iftop looks up hostnames (reverse dns, I assume), so I'm not sure how this could have been spoofed.  Something about that hostname just doesn't seem legit...
@_date: 2016-03-07 22:36:18
Do you know how someone would go about spoofing this?
@_date: 2016-03-07 23:04:36
I suppose I don't really see a problem, regardless of whether this is the NSA or not.  I'm sure the NSA is running full nodes, and those nodes need to connect to other full nodes.  I just though the hostname was a little ridiculous...and way to obvious to actually be the NSA.  But then again, who knows?
@_date: 2016-03-02 16:09:48
That just sounds like market forces deciding that an on-chain transaction is more valuable than it currently is.  If blocks are full, won't this be true regardless of the existence of an LN (or many)?
I'm all for larger blocks, and I'm not sold on any of the arguments for capping the block size.  If blocks are always full, regardless of why, then on-chain transactions will become much more expensive.  I see that as a separate issue to usage and existence of off-chain payment networks.  Because Bitcoin is permissionless, we don't get to decide whether such off-chain networks exist or not.  We may as well assume that they will, and prepare for the consequences.
@_date: 2017-08-15 05:52:19
I've said/thought the same thing many times, and every time I've looked back in regret for how cheap it really was.
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:37:51
Measuring the price of BTC using fiat *after* mainstream adoption is fundamentally unsound.  Currencies are simply units of measurement.  However, they are not static in size.  If Bitcoin has obtained mainstream adoption, that means it is replacing fiat currencies like USD.  If that is the case, USD is now a different size unit, and asking how many USD to a BTC doesn't matter, because we have no base of reference for what USD is worth anymore.  You might as well be asking the conversion rate from Altairian dollars (HGttG) to Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts (Harry Potter).  Nobody has any frame of reference.
@_date: 2017-08-17 20:52:22
Judging by nighttime satellite imagery, I get the feeling electricity is scarce there.
@_date: 2017-08-15 06:01:51
Basically, it increases the number of transactions per block without increasing the size of the block (in the long term), it fixes maelability (which makes Bitcoin more usable as a smart contract platform), and introduces versioning to the scripting langauge (making future improvements easier).
What this means for price...
Not sure exactly.  That's beyond my pay grade.  However, I can't imagine it's going to be worth *less* when it becomes capable of *more*.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:57:33
It's not really fair to say that there will be no fees...but from a practical standpoint, that's basically the case.
For anyone wondering, nodes can charge a fee for using them as an intermediary.  Basically, they will accept payments on one of their open channels, and pass it along on another.  Each transaction may go over multiple hops, thus requring a fee for each node.  However, these fees are likely going to be very small.
First, anyone who has more than one open channel is now a hub that can be used as an intermediary.  This means that end users will be in a place to earn fees, simply because they have 2 or more channels open.  Unlike mining, the barrier to entry is extremely low for earning fees on the lightning network.  This means, everyone will be in competition for your traffic.  This competition means extremely low fees.
One of my favorite aspects of the lightning network is the possibility for *negative* fees.  If a node has a channel that is all but spent in one direction, it is better for it to be replenished by traffic in the opposite direction rather than open and close the channel.  This means it would actually be in their best interest to kick in some dust on a complete strangers transaction, just to get their traffic.
I can't help but think that big blockers are just poorly educated on the possibilities the lightning network offers.
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:30:32
Perhaps a good project would be to implement some part of bitcoin in a different language.  For example, things like smart contracts and payment networks need the ability to create and interpret transaction script off-blockchain.  You could choose a language, and implement an interpreter for transaction script.
@_date: 2017-06-17 13:00:55
The more I think about it, the more I realize that bitcoin is more of a settlement network than a payment network.  The reason for the confusion is that it's such an amazing settlement network that it can effectively be used as a payment network, and to this point has been.
If we want it to reach its full potential, we need to build the payment networks that use bitcoin for settlement.  Lighting networks will be the first.
@_date: 2017-06-17 18:04:44
Great points, but I'm no longer sure that sidechains are a good scaling solution.  I thought the same way you did until I had this conversation in the comments of a SE answer:  
Still, LN is needed, regardless of whatever Bitcoin does.
@_date: 2017-06-17 02:19:00
Yes and no.  Because opening a channel requires bitcoin to be tied up in that channel, there will be a "long tail" distribution of channels on the network.  A few will have large amounts of bitcoin in them, and therefore will be able to route large transactions.  The vast majority will have very small amounts, and therefore can only act as hubs for the smallest of transactions.
This means that larger transactions will be limited to using a smaller subset of the channels, thus more centralization.  Meanwhile, micropayments will have so many possible routes that it may be even more decentralized that Bitcoin, itself.
As for a single wallet maintaining multiple open channels...yes, but that's fine.  Also, even if most wallets only maintain a single open channel, that doesn't mean it has to be channels to the same node.  We will just need to make sure that options are in place for users to decide what level of centralization they are okay with.
@_date: 2017-06-29 13:39:43
It could still be very misleading to newcomers or people who only take a casual glance.
The funny thing is, that this false chart actually makes bitcoin look weaker, not stronger.  If it were accurate, each new run up would be an order of magnitude larger than the last one.
@_date: 2017-06-17 04:53:17
That is a very inaccurate comparison.
Centralized services like PayPal and Venmo work because the trust is based on knowing the other party's identity.  They know who you are, and you know who they are.  Think of that relationship as the financial industry's traditional payment channel.  PayPal and Venmo are the hubs, and you represent a spoke.  Using them, you can pay any of their other spokes.
The lightning network is fundamentally different.  The trust does not come from knowing identities (and therefore having legal recourse), but from clever smart contracts.  You don't know the identities of the nodes you are connecting to, and they don't know you.  Furthermore...neither of you have a reason to care.
Just like with Bitcoin, the trust in the system comes from math and game theory, not the ability to sick the government on a party who wronged you.  Seeing this as anything short of revolutionary would be a gross underestimation.
@_date: 2017-06-17 03:11:25
Yes, but you need to be operating your own large channel in order to make use of someone else's large channel.  Your transaction amount is limited by the smallest channel in the chain, which is likely going to be your own.  It's not like a few small entities will be hogging all the large transactions for themselves.  If you pony up the money for your own large channel (as you would have to do), then you get to be one of those hubs.  It's certainly a pay-to-play system, when it comes to large transactions.
The reason that this doesn't concern me is that lightning is not an alternative to Bitcoin as we know it, but rather a complement.  For the most part, it probably doesn't make sense to use a lighting transaction for a large amount in the first place.  This is for the same reason we don't pay for cars and houses with paper fiat...it's simply not a well-suited medium.
The main advantage I see from the lightning network is that it provides a reasonable medium for smaller transactions, not larger ones.  As fees have risen, on-chain transactions have become less and less feasible for small transactions.  Micropayments (I usually draw the line at  &lt; $0.25 USD) have never been viable on the Bitcoin blockchain.  Having a better method of using bitcoin for small transactions takes load off the main chain for those who need to use it for medium and large transactions.  It also opens up new possibilities that have never previously been possible.
I say it's worth it, even if only ever used for coffee.
@_date: 2017-06-18 22:54:42
In traditional financial networks, there are payment networks and settlement networks.  Payment networks are what you use when you swipe a card at a retailer.  It checks your credentials and balance, and communicates approval to the retailer...but no money had yet been sent.  This will happen using a process called deferred net settlement on a settlement network, most likely ACH.
The instant part happens on a payment network, the clearing of the transaction happens on the settlement network.
If bitcoin as a settlement network is almost as fast as the traditional payment networks, imagine how great a payment network on top of bitcoin will be!