@_author: digitalmodernity
@_date: 2016-09-15 02:22:27
yes, that sector of banking would not change. What is interesting is how a decentralized form of currency would impact "economic activity". Would it fundamentally change the nature of economic growth?
 
Right now governments or institutions (for example the Fed or IMF) use the monetary policies based on models of energy distribution to determine economic activity. The mathematics of thermodynamics are currently being applied to assess how value is determined. The problem with this is that thermodynamics was not derived from how energy actually exist in nature but from the observation of energy distribution in mechanical engines and motors. These monetary policies and institutions are using an abstract image of how the movement energy is determined, which in hindsight was one of the major factors into why 2009 collapse happened because speculation was not grounded in reality but on hypothetical system of growth and recession.  A BTC or decentralized currency could have the potential to make the way we determine economic activity obsolete because value would not be determined by monetary policies. Lets put it this way, If our current economy functions like newton physics then a BTC/decentralized currency economy would function like quantum physics. What I'm curious about is what are the implications of that transition? How would an economy run if value is determined not by the laws of physics but by quantum mechanics?
@_date: 2016-09-14 22:28:39
What are the ways Bitcoin can make the IMF and global banking infrastructures obsolete? Or Could these financial entities become reinforced by incorporating Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-09-15 22:53:51
I can see how government fiscal positions would remain relatively the same. Governments will always try to support economic activity but the nature of how that activity is being generated and distributed is going to fundamentally change. Credit rating agencies and Securities and Exchange Commission will have to reevaluate measures that oversee the efficiency of markets and stock prices. How would a BTC currency back economy influence market fluctuations if there are no central banks determining value? Would BTC a be a more rational currency that can change how risk is evaluated?