@_author: digitalogic8
@_date: 2018-04-12 21:15:19
To paraphrase, 'When this pops, expect jumps of thousands in mere days. Have you seen thousand dollar green candles? Wait for it. And don't quote me on that."
Whoops ;)
He explained it like this...
Imagine someone driving a car, gas pedal floored and all the way down, but we're not moving. Why? Their other foot is slamming down on the brakes. What's next? Suddenly...they let go of the brakes
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:18:35
Yes that was part of the conversation, Dr. Soltys said that they were adding $25-50 million dollars each day to the shorts and we weren't going down but up. But the way he explained it, the plan was to eventually turn around the shorts and go up regardless. As they suppressed price they accumulate longs for the leg up. All that happened was their plan to bring it down was halted prematurely. They will still profit immensely. Dr. Soltys and his team have been watching closely and waiting, indicating that their keen observations will profit their team and community as well by simply seeing the footprints and following.
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:20:24
I'm a freelancer journalist in the city, I interviewed Dr. Soltys and we discussed these topics and his views on crypto. 
Nothing magical about his observations. I was sent this chart. Red area is people short-selling Bitcoin, darker area in black is longs contracts. This is short-term but Dr. Soltys states this has been happening since January. But the red area has been increasing since January and price was falling. Over the last few days the red area was increasing at a rate of $25-50 million dollars (USD) daily in efforts to push Bitcoin price down but we didn't go down. Per Dr. Soltys the price was getting more and more expensive to keep down, hence anticipation that we would surge up very quickly soon. He states his assumptions were correct, if look closely the red area sharply drops at the end, 38,000 contracts to 24,000 which is $116,000,000.
Dr. Soltys believes that if these sellers decide to cash in further and "rollover" on those shorts we will soar thousands of dollars in just a few days. When these sellers end their short-sell trades, their actions will be two-fold, 
1) remove the sell pressure
2) buy-to-cover to end short-sell trades
Attempts at price suppression may not be done. But if it is complete, imagine a racecar with gas pedal floored and the brake pedal also down. Now lift your foot from the brakes and what happens? Up. Fast.
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:31:09
You have to start somewhere don't you? I did an interview and shared it. Please be happy with it or downvote as you chose. I'm happy to answer any questions you have on the topic. 