@_author: digicoinz
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:53:09
1) Esoteric Investments, LLC was founded and owned by Glenn Crystal and Daniel Pace.
2) Our registration is currently 3104 River Road Point Pleasant NJ, 08742.
3) We are NOT currently licensed and as such do not operate with USD at the moment. We do not make any claims or allege in anyway to have any licensing or accreditations at the moment. We are in the process of building our company and applying for the necessary licenses as we expand.
4) Our Contact # 732 903 - 8379 to get in touch with our team. We have also decided to get a 1 800 support line next week due to the number of people that have requested phone support, which will be provided as soon as it is setup.
5) Our team does not perform in High Frequency/Arbitrage based trading as we find those markets to be extremely high risk with very low ROI. If you have not had a chance to yet, please take a look at our Doge Trading Example. (esotericinvestments.com / why_doge_was_a_good_investment_in_august_2014.php?refid=55) 
6) Our team spends the majority of time analyzing markets, reading news, and talking with the development teams/community of coins that look appealing to trade. Our trading model is to find coins that are significantly undervalued and have a very high potential to at least double in value within a few days/weeks, while having a very stable "floor price". Combined with a Stop-Loss of 10% maximum, our team is able to ensure our good trades far out way any bad trades made. 
We are going to be releasing a more in depth explanation of our trading process next week.Our Founder Glenn Crystal has been developing Software for over 10 years and has developed many tools that give our team a huge advantage over the average Crypto-Trader. We will be releasing over the next week more in depth details of all our business workings including our business model, payout model, and trading strategy.
7) Trading Profits are pooled and calculated up to 2% daily payouts to our investors
If there is anything else I can help you with let me know. 
Esoteric Investments
@_date: 2014-12-26 10:30:00
The original poster of this reddit is an idiot. A LLC can operate in a corporate capacity with designated directors and officers.
Do research ppl! don't fud!