@_author: digital_dreamer
@_date: 2017-12-29 10:45:20
You don't have to. Your wallet software controls all money on all your addresses. It's standard practice for HD wallets to generate a new address for each payment you want to receive. For example, the Bitcoin Core mobile wallet will give you a new address every time you click Receive. But there is no need to transfer all that money to a single address. All the addresses are derived form a single seed, they are all yours. When you send a transaction, you don't have to specify which address you are paying from, it will just combine balances from the addresses you own. Only when the addresses are used together in one transaction will it become obvious they belong to the same person. Using multiple addresses in the same transaction is possible because in Bitcoin you are really spending UTXOs (unspent transaction outputs), not paying from an account (like in Ethereum).
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:55:09
OK. It would be even safer if you could add a reputation system that would automatically record the score of intentionally unfinished vs. successful trades (preferably stored on the blockchain if possible).
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:47:25
From what I've heard, Bankinter has a different strategy than other Spanish banks. Instead of trying to fight innovations like cryptocurrencies, they try to position themselves to profit from their growth. Yes, Coinffeine is a decentralized platform, that is being developed by a company, and Bankinter probably simply bought a share of the company, like they do with other projects that may become really successful in the near future. As long as they don't force Coinffeine to abandon decentralized design or to make the app closed source, I would not call it a red flag at all.
@_date: 2015-01-17 20:52:20
Yes, it can be used for that, but it does other things as well. One improvement is that all the entries are assembled into blocks and anchored to Bitcoin, requiring only one hash per Bitcoin block. This solves the blockchain bloat problem, and provides 1 minute verification times (every 10th block is anchored). It also adds an interesting feature - validators, that can go through the records and validate them according to real-world criteria (for example laws of a country for a land registry), and you then choose which validators to trust. So it goes beyond plain proof-of-existence functionality.
The whitepaper explains it in detail: 
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:11:38
I see, the payment processor clearly is a central point of failure. And if the blackmail exploit that could actually be done, it could also be abused in another way by someone intending to damage the credibility of the network by making people lose money... but the Exchange algorithm description on github says Coinffeine gets around this by splitting the transaction into $2 chunks, which are interleaved with bitcoin micropayments, so if I understand it correctly, regardless of the size of the trade, the maximum amount you can block is $2 + 0.01 BTC deposit, is that right?
@_date: 2018-02-11 09:01:36
Yes, there is no time limit. The channel can exist indefinitely. It is only limited by your balance - if your balance gets down to 0, you cannot use it to pay anymore, bud you can just fund the channel again by adding more BTC into it. This basically requires someone who will send you BTC over LN, in exchange for an ordinary on-chain BTC transaction. Channel balance will thus by updated in your favor, and you can continue using it.
@_date: 2015-04-17 11:07:27
They could also do something far more dangerous then the double spend you mention, they could claim they burned tokens that never existed, and use the proof to steal all bitcoins from the locked boxes. In the article written by Vitalik Buterin a year ago, this was still an open problem, but maybe it has been solved since then.
@_date: 2015-04-17 09:24:14
It's basically a mechanism that allows you to move your bitcoins to another, completely independent blockchain, trade them there, and they can then be moved back to main bitcoin blockchain, without a need for any third party or centralization. I will try to explain how it should work:
You may have already encountered the idea of a one-way peg. This means that you destroy some BTC, and you gain some other currency for doing that. Example: when Counterparty started, people could “burn” some of their BTC by sending them to an unspendable address, and for doing it, they received newly created XCP tokens. This is called a one-way peg, and it cannot be reversed. You can only move the money one way, you cannot turn it back to BTC later.
Sidechains extends this idea, and creates a two-way peg, that lets you move it back and forth. Instead of destroying BTC by making them unspendable, you lock them in little boxes. These boxes do not belong to any address, they are instead controlled by a bitcoin script. For each box you lock this way, you get newly created tokens on the sidechain (which is another blockchain, complete separate network). You can then give these tokens to someone, pay with them, and when he wants to bring them back to the Bitcoin blockchain, he can just destroy the tokens in the same way. Providing a cryptographic proof that he destroyed the tokens will allow him to open a locked box and collect the Bitcoin.
So the value is pegged, because you can freely turn one into the other at any time.
The purpose of this trick is to allow people to safely experiment with different rules, networks and consensus mechanisms, that may be suitable for different purposes, without putting the main Bitcoin network at risk. In other words, it creates an area where you can bring some of the BTC you have, try some crazy experimental stuff, and then bring them back.
Here is a more in-depth article: 
@_date: 2016-05-17 10:05:32
That is not possible, because they are not in your wallet - you start by putting the Bitcoin into a payment channel between you and the hub you are connecting to, which is basically a 2-of-2 multisig address. So you cannot promise to send Bitcoin via LN and then spend them on-chain, because they are already in the multisig.
You then sign transactions which update the state of the multisig, like “I'll get 0.7 and hub gets 0.3”, etc. The state is always the latest transaction, and it can be dropped into the blockchain at any time. The coins will then return to your wallet. There is a clever mechanism preventing someone to broadcast and old state, because that would allow the other party to take all money from the channel.
Watch this presentation if you are interested in the inner workings of LN: 
@_date: 2017-06-24 13:37:26
That is a well known issue when the geth client is syncing from slow nodes only. I couldn't get it synced in almost a week even with validation turned off. This is because most nodes actually aren't datacenter servers, it's anyone who installed the wallet or Mist client, and some of them have a terrible Internet connection.
To solve this, simply increase your geth node's peer count using the --maxpeers command line parameter. The full blockchain will sync from start in less than 1 day, probably overnight.
I'm not sure if this issue affects Bitcoin as well, or if the Bitcoin client can automatically recognize slow nodes and look for fast ones when downloading the blockchain initially.
@_date: 2017-06-23 08:56:24
That is an open question, but there are several projects with this goal -  check out 