@_author: dilbertpickles
@_date: 2014-05-19 02:05:49
When a lot of people all decide to sell at the same time it raises the volume of available bitcoins. So with more coins in the market place and the same amount of buyers, sellers are competing against each other for their coins to sell so they are willing to take less and the market will take advantage of this and the price will continue to fall until every person who wants to sell has sold their coins or buyers see the price falling and are in it for the long so they enter the market to buy which raises the supply of buyers relative to the supply of bitcoins back to a ratio closer to what it was before the shakeout which will drive the price back up to where it should be in a stable market.       
         
Another TL;DR in VERY OVER SIMPLIFIED TERMS      
At first, supply in bitcoins vastly out numbers demand for bitcoins which lowers the price.  Buyers will enter the market as the new price is appealing and they will buy. Eventually supply of bitcoins will equal demand for bitcoins and the price will stabilize.  Again, this is very simplified, I don't want to get into pages and pages with lots of other reasons why it happens. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 21:35:18
Not exactly.  A shakeout will only "shakeout" those that are in a short position.  If you are in a long position (which you should be with a currency, which bitcoin is mostly considered to be) and are not going to need the money from your bitcoins in the next couple years you are best off most times to buy as many bitcoins as you can when the shakeout gains momentum and initially drops the price of bitcoins as sellers who are in a short position and are uncertain about the future exit the market, often at a loss, instead of holding a long position and waiting out the situation for many months if not years.  The one thing you DO NOT want to do if you don't plan on selling your coins anytime soon is checking the price every hour.  Check the price once a day and see what the market is doing.  If in a day it fluctuated a little bit and it overall didn't change much (~3-5% or less) then the market is pretty much behaving like it has been.  Once it starts to fluctuate more than 5 or 10% in a day and the volume increases many times over is when the shakeout has started and people will very quickly throw their coins away, no matter how much they lose because they don't want to wait it out and are uncertain about the future.  BUT, like a smart investor you are not going to hold a short position and are going to be in it for the long haul.  When the price drops and you have some extra money that you don't need right away to survive, invest it in bitcoins and hold them for the long haul.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:24:00
I agree it will go back up to much higher levels than it is now but I would say 1-2 weeks at the VERY soonest and closer to 1-2 months if you want to be conservative.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:18:20
I have a feeling they are going to "bottom out" between $275 and $300 and then slowly start their climb again.  This is more than likely just the opposite of what we saw when China started buying them up like crazy and they got to $1200+.  At that time I called right away that it was a bubble and said it would drop back down to around $500 to $600.  I have a feeling the market is finally getting itself back to where it should be and in a couple weeks, at most 2 months, BTC will be back to around $500 at the very least.  It is just a lot of bad news all at once and a lot of change all at once which is bad for any market so people always tend to freak out.  I personally only have like .1 BTC to my name as it is just "change" from certain transactions but if they drop low enough to a level I see fit I will be for sure buying some as a speculation that my guess is correct and the market is just adjusting to its correct level. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 03:35:34
Well, neither of you did.  If you bought a sack of weed from your dealer today for 50 bucks and in 2 or 3 years that 50 dollars is then worth 100x as much in all related currency you didn't pay 50.000 for the bag of weed, you paid 50 and the price, relative to other stores of value, has increased.     
     
But if you wanna play that way, just be glad you aren't the guy that bought a couple pizzas for 20k bitcoins in the very beginning when you could mine with nice graphics cards and ASIC miners weren't even thought of yet. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 04:44:02
I'm not talking about shorting an investment. I'm talking about the short run vs the long run in regards to the length of time one has to make a decision on an investment.  I was basing my answer on the fact that someone had a limited amount of time that they could hold the investment before they absolutely needed their money back and the shakeout that would occur here is someone who cannot hold it for longer than about 2 years where as someone with a long run investment can wait out all the ups and downs and keep their investment until they can sell it while making a gain. When I was getting my Econ degree we were always taught that 2 years is a good break point for short run and long run and if you want more options in regard to making money you should expect to keep every investment longer than 2 years. There is no set time for short run and long run however the longer you wait the more changes that have time to occur.      
        
But you are correct, I should have been more clear that I was not talking about the practice of shorting an investment and rather the parameters that can limit some investors with how long they can hold the investment before they absolutely need to exit the market.  I was only on the subject because there is no reason to sell bitcoins right now unless you are limited by a time frame which would cause certain people to be a part of the shakeout. If everyone was willing to wait long enough there shouldn't be a shakeout at all. 
           
And since we are on the subject of shorting now, I would never naked short bitcoins as they are a lot more volatile than most stocks and even naked shorting stocks is considered risky and should only be left to those with the financial means to back up a bad move and the knowledge of markets to accurately predict what could come based on the information available at the time of the naked short sale. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 07:36:25
If I remember correctly it was Domino's or an equally shitty run of the mill pizza.  Shoulda just gotten a DiGorno! 
@_date: 2014-05-19 02:40:26
I apologize for that but I'm assuming most people don't have a very solid background in economics and investment terminology so i always feel like I have to explain myself when I use vocabulary attached to these two fields so even if I use one word to describe a persons position on an asset I feel as if I would have to explain the term anyway. I should have just used the length of time a person is wanting/able to hold their investment as opposed to the terms "short" and "long" which are different for every person but generally less than 24 months is short and greater than 24 months is long.  I apologize. I hope with the TL;DRs the point was still put across in a manner that is understandable to someone who just wants the gist of what is happening and not the long winded answer as to why which could go on for quite a long response. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 02:07:35
No, I am not saying all that matters is the amount of BTC one has.  What I am saying, put extremely short, is that what does matter is that an exchange rate is a factor in the situation at all.      
       
I am basically saying that if a person didn't have to exchange BTC for a physical currency like USD, that this whole scare/sell off wouldn't be nearly as bad and a partial reason the scare/sell off is happening is because prices aren't generally set in BTC but rather an amount of BTC relative to what 1 BTC is equal to in a person's "home" currency.  The same thing would happen to the exchange rate between the Euro and the USD if people had to exchange the currencies so often to get what they wanted with their money.  Plus, to add to the chaos, BTC is still relatively new so they are still finding their true value and place in the market.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:28:51
As an Economist this is an extremely watered down version of what really happens and there is much more too it.  So much more that it could never be explained to the general population without a degree in Economics or the very least many years of a career in bank finance. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 13:30:27
If you look at the graph of bitcoin price, it fits the picture of a standard bubble near perfect.  The same picture that everyone seems to hate and want nothing to do with yet it is exactly right.  I'm guessing that bitcoins will stabalize around 140-150 because that would be the number that would return the market to it's "correct" mean which happens when a bubble finally pops.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:46:01
I have a book that did a really good job of explaining the bailout and crisis in pretty easy to understand terms.  I can't remember the title off the top of my head but when I get home today I will try and find it in my collection of books.  It's about 300 pages but a rather easy read even though it covers a lot of difficult topics, many of which most people will never hear about and the news certainly will never speak of.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:44:41
That is one reason, the ratings agency is known to turn a blind eye to certain bonds that just so happen to directly bring them income.  This is one of many reasons though.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:38:17
However this is the first developed country to default on the IMF which is big. 
@_date: 2015-07-06 22:16:32
I feel like there is finally a real world example where the system can limit your money at a moment's notice and now people actually think it is needed. Since Greece limited ATM withdrawals to 60 Euros a day people are seeing that if capital controls come to other parts of the world they will need something besides fiat currency and bitcoins happen to be one of the only things that is free from capital controls. 
@_date: 2019-04-26 11:35:23
I should have said "the misunderstandings people continue to have about the blockchain and cryptocurrencies that utilize a form of it."  Most people have heard about "Bitcoin" but they have no idea what the word "blockchain" means and have no idea that bitcoin uses a blockchain to work.
@_date: 2019-04-24 19:25:57
I didn't mean it in a negative way at all.  There is just a style of writing that tends to correspond to the \~65+ age group with cell phones and I think it is adorable.
@_date: 2019-04-24 19:42:48
Crypto will more than likely never be considered an investment by most.  Investment, by the economics definition, is a position where one aims to gain a satisfactory return while taking on average risk (at the very most) and more often well below average risk.  With the inherent misunderstandings people continue to have about crypto (how it works, what it is/is not), I think that an accurate risk assessment of crypto positions is still many years off, if not decades.  Even large companies that have a history of quality risk assessment for traditional instruments and risk strategies are pretty far off in their understanding of cryptos in general.   
Speculation is generally considered to be a position that seeks a return that is abnormally high in comparison to the principal amount.  Speculation is often viewed as a binary outcome of win big or lose big where the risk is much higher than average which is why the returns (and losses) are also much higher than average.  
I would guess that a majority of people that jumped onto Bitcoin in late 2017/early 2018 thought they could jump in for a little bit and then jump out with a big stack of money.
@_date: 2019-04-24 12:09:00
I didn't know him personally so who knows, I met him at a house party before we went to the bar.  I never found out if he got the money from friends or from a bank but if it is the latter he is probably better off dead.  A bank will never give you a loan if you tell them you're going to try and invest it, so he either had rich parents/friends that he conned or he committed bank fraud and is totally fucked in all senses of the word.
@_date: 2019-04-24 12:10:36
This is not an insult in anyway; I actually believe you are 75 by the emoji usage alone.
@_date: 2019-04-24 02:45:22
I remember having just shy of 10 sitting in my Coinbase wallet (when Coinbase wasn't total shit, right before they stopped allowing instant buys) and the price of BTC was only about $400.  I got rid of those long before they even reached $1000 each, I was in college and I needed money to live and wasn't in the position to invest or speculate on anything.  I still remember where I was when I sold them.  I was sitting on a CABS bus going to class at OSU. I was so excited to have a large deposit on the way to my bank account to cover the overdraft that was currently awaiting the money's arrival  
That was a defining moment of my Bitcoin career, they brought me up at a time when I needed it most.
Another defining moment was St Patty's day in 2018 when a guy tried to tell me, a person with a degree in Economics, that "[I] had no idea what [I was] talking about because [I was] thinking too far in the past and that bitcoin doesn't follow the same market factors as other investments."  This same person went on to guarantee that by the end of 2018 that Bitcoin would be "up to at least $100k each".  He was so confident about it that it made me laugh.  I told him I wouldn't be surprised if it ended the year under $5k which he took offense to, mainly because he had just spent $50k of loaned money on BTC in January, when the price was around $15k. 
Poor guy, I hope he didn't kill himself.
@_date: 2015-03-09 04:09:53
Here's where I disagree slightly.   If I want to see a smoking hot blonde that has the exact look I go for get banged I will gladly throw them a few microbits.     
     
However if a news website wants me to throw them a few microbits for writing an article that 10+ other news sites have published, for free, then I'm not going to do it.     
      
If adult sites could implement a micro transaction system and also make it in such a way that it cannot be easily pirated and shared instantly then adult sites will certainly make a killing.  To get people to pay for things, one has to offer content that can't be obtained elsewhere at the same time, for free.
@_date: 2015-03-09 04:14:19
At the aggregate level it is.
     
At the individual level it can be very profitable or very costly.
@_date: 2015-03-09 03:55:32
If you're looking at a list of forex prices I would certainly hope that they all weren't in the green.  I personally don't like when bitcoins are compared to a standard forex market that deals with physical currency.  Even though most of the world's money supply is not actually tied up in physical dollars, it is tied up in conventional banks.    
      
Because of transportation costs and the many other factors that apply to physical currency and not to cryptocurrency makes the comparison between the health of their markets much harder to quantify compared to two markets that both trade in physical currency.