@_author: dildotron2012
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:15:06
They probably just didn't like what I had to say, even if I derive all of it from fact.
I guess if I wanted his upvote, I could have lied to him
@_date: 2013-04-12 23:32:27
You can talk around the point all you want. It's not going to change history or make your bitcoins any more of a stable medium of exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:33:01
I did indeed mix the FDIC up with the Federal Reserve. That was my mistake. However, I do not see what point you're making here. The Fed doesn't do anything about BitCoins. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:48:26
The Federal Reserve, who, despite gradual unavoidable inflation, have ensured that a 100 dollar bill will be worth about that much tomorrow and the next day. Not 150 dollars today, then 80 dollars tomorrow, then 100 the next day, then 50 the next, etc, etc, etc. 
More than what can be said for BC. 
Correction: The Federal Reserve does this. not the FDIC. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:28:15
Maybe if we buy enough bitcoins the big banks will go away!!!
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:17:46
That's a woopsie on my part. Thanks ;3
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:53:32
Except that right now, BitCoins by themselves are worthless as currency. Very few places accept them as currency all their own. They must instead be backed by little more than consumer speculation -- which translates into a wildly fluctuating amount of dollars and cents.
So while I appreciate your correction of my argument, it's kind of a moot point. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:23:54
But if a worthless commodity can be used as a currency because people want to use it as a currency, why not all worthless commodities? 
Like, pairs of pants, vases, or... I dunno... VHS tapes? If we can make something with a small degree of scarcity into a commodity just like that, why end it with digital coins? I think scarce things have value -- therefore, they are currency!!!
(Probably because that's not a sustainable way to buy food)
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:30:10
If US Currency were not backed by the Federal Reserve, it would probably wouldn't have much more stability than bitcoins, pairs of pants, vases, etc. But it is indeed backed by the Fed and extensive, continuous work is done to prevent it from becoming worthless overnight. That's why we do everything in dollars and cents here. 
BitCoins, on the contrary, have no safeguards in place to prevent a collapse or hyperinflation if they were to become an established form of currency. So they're not exactly an adequate replacement for the money in your pockets. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:57:41
They should start charging for gas in BitCoins. Then there's no possible way they could manipulate the value of it. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:37:28
Allow me to be transparent here: when I saw a bunch of jackasses gloating about their BitCoin investments and how they're going to become instamillionaires, I was having trouble paying for the gas to take me to work. 
Then when all of the gloating bitcoiners suddenly lost thousands -- perhaps millions -- of dollars on their "investments", I kinda cackled. Out loud. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:55:50
So you're telling me that BitCoin is not necessarily a "currency", even though it's spelled out in no unclear terms on the BitCoin website that it's a "digital *currency*". Instead, you're arguing that it's a good whose value is based entirely on the subjective value of itself.
When you pay $200 for an iPhone 5 and a monthly bill, you get a smartphone and a 2-year-promise from your provider that this phone will receive service. Same with things like toothpaste. You pay $2 per tube even if you don't really want it -- and maybe pay a little bit more if you want better toothpaste. But you're not going to pay $20 for toothpaste -- and on the flipside, it's never going to be worth $0 because people aren't ever going to stop needing toothpaste. Those two things are worth their dollar amounts partially because people are willing to pay that much for them, but mostly because they bring value to your life. Those two investments will get you a phone that can call anywhere and play video games, and will prevent you from getting cavities. I'd say that's a pretty fair deal. 
But when you pay that much for BitCoins, you get... well... BitCoins. They don't do anything to make you smarter, healthier, more entertained, or more efficient. The only thing they do is exist -- save for having an arbitrarily high value slapped on them based on how many people have been suckered into buying them. Much like a [tulip bulb]( Without any distinguishable value brought to peoples' lives by BitCoin, they're doomed to be worth $0 when the market stops wanting them.
So whether they're a "good" or a "currency" doesn't really matter. They're still ultimately worthless. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:34:07
I don't get why the author says regular currency is "unregulated". 
In the US at least, through taxes the Federal Reserve controls the money currently in circulation and takes some out/puts some in based on the needs of the economy. Having too much currency will cause it to hyperinflate and become worthless, having too little of it will constrict economic growth when the currency is worth too much. A balance must be struck -- one that cannot be struck by a free and unregulated banking market.
This has been proven time and time again. When the US did not regulate their currency in this fashion during the Free Banking Era, there were constant, severe depressions. The longest one of those lasting more than *five years*. In contrast, the actual depression part of The Great Depression lasted 3 and a half years, but the ripple effects lasted for much longer than that. Just imagine the ripples from the 5-year-long depression. If you want to know more, you can look up the sheer number and severity of all the Free Banking recessions [here]( (along with the more recent recessions). 
As you can see, since the Reserve have become more involved in the workings of our economy, we've had shorter recessions and (at least apparently) less severe recessions, and our currency hasn't had any hyperinflation to speak of. At least, none as severe as 1929 or previous. We don't always like the Fed and their system is by no means a perfect one -- but we're a hell of a lot better off than people were during the Free Banking era. 
Just thought I'd dispel that myth -- even though I thought that was common knowledge.
Edit: correction -- the Great Depression was 3 years and seven months. Not two years. And it's the Federal Reserve -- not the FDIC, though they also are important in case a bank fails. 