@_author: dillyberries
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:20:53
Well the code is open source so the devs don't need to send anything. Generating a wallet isn't itself difficult in itself, nor is signing a transaction (it's all arbitrary hashing essentially), but it does require new code for each coin (unless it's just a LTC clone). It becomes a little more difficult when devs add fancy features like ring sigs, confidential transfers, and stealth addresses (like in Monero), as the cryptographic principles involved need to be properly implemented for the hardware wallet to understand what's actually going on with your money.
Read the whitepaper for bitcoin, and then for any currency which isn't currently supported, and you'll understand where the protocols differ, and why it isn't as simple as copying and pasting a bit of code. Understanding how different blockchains actually work on a base level is great for seeing when an altcoin actually offers innovation rather than just hype.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:43:48
He's talking about the BTC owned by Gox, not your personal coins. I find it hard to believe that they simply didn't know how many BTC they had in their wallets.
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:33:52
Altcoins don't all run off bitcoin forks so nah it's not the same recipe. Signing a transaction doesn't always follow the same procedure, particularly with a coin like Monero where transaction amounts are hidden on the chain.
@_date: 2018-02-17 04:04:17
No idea about this company, but in your case you got the rate you bought at. Don't whine that you didn't get extra because you timed the market poorly - it sounds like it was fulfilled as agreed, and finalised within a day (I'm assuming this wasn't a low value tx, and crypto exchange liquidity is shit). It sucks that they took a day, but they wouldn't have given you less if the market moved in the opposite direction.
Story you told is nothing like OP's.
@_date: 2018-07-04 01:30:38
Bernie Madoff, for one.
@_date: 2018-07-09 23:18:26
I wasn't using it as an argument for Bitcoin, I was using it as an argument against the current institutional model of investment and currency, wherein you simply must trust the other party to not fuck up (whether it be a company, an investment bank, or a government). Just because the paradigm works well most of the time, doesn't mean it hasn't lead to the catastrophic losses in the past through negligence of the other party (see 2008).
Bitcoin on the other hand is a trustless technology, which while unbacked by anything but the network technology itself (not dissimilar to unbacked fiat currency), has controlled distribution and absolute ownership which cannot be taken from the holder, unless the holder is themselves negligent.
That all being said, it's probably not great that so many people think of Bitcoin as an investment with regard to value against traditional currency, rather than a freestanding form of value.