@_author: dimlantern
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:07:11
A cross post from the dogecoin community. His medical documents are on the page along with information about his condition.
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:09:47
He produces electronic music, he stopped using the alias Archie and is now using Desso as his stage name.
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:20:30
**I just copied the first post about his situation, there are some updates on his condition on the page.**
Hey guys,
 
As some of you know already. Desso has been sick for quite some time.
He has been experiencing migranes, nausea, internal pain, fever, and many other symptoms. Once the funds from Archie's album sales reached a point where they could fund his medical care, he was able to go to the hospital to get help. They ran an MRI where it was revealed that he has a kidney infection. Since this is the second time that this has happened, the doctors want to run a procedure to make sure this won't happen again.
 
Along with the kidney infection, however, they also found an unexpected result: a suspicious lump in his neck. The scan revealed it to be an Arachnoid cyst ( that is growing and expanding. At the moment it is near his brain and spinal cord. The doctors are afraid that with time, it will pop or it will push up against his brain. Until is is removed it will continue to cause pain and other symptoms such as hallucinations. Over the next 6-24 months, it will get out of hand to the point where it will slowly start to kill him. He needs to get the cyst surgically removed intact. This procedure is a fairly expensive one. 
 
Both Desso and I are in this industry for the love of music. We try to release songs regularly, most of which are up for free. At the moment, being a music producer is a full-time job for Desso. Therefore, this is his only income. Without medical insurance and without a steady job, paying for these procedures, tests, and surgeries is very difficult. We are hoping that the fans and the community he has supported over the years can help him out in this difficult time. There was a point in time where he had 80,000 fans. If each of those fans donated 25 cents, we could pay for his current procedures.
 
At the moment, his kidney procedure has been paid for thanks to the donation of his fans. His other surgery however, is going to cost $16,000. I have set up a paypal donation button that you will find below this text. Paypal makes it easier for me to send money directly to him. The plan is that every single cent donated will be used for his medical expenses in full. If more money is raised than what is needed, it will be placed in a savings fund that we will use to get him out of Russia and start tours, something the fans have been asking us to do for a long time.
 
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to email me at any time using the contact button on this website, or by sending me a direct email at: info
 
We appreciate each and every one of you. None of this would be possible without the love and dedication of each of his fans.
 
Thank you.
 
-Erick Wolfe (Wolf Beats Management)
