@_author: dimsajmajirb
@_date: 2018-01-22 05:38:10
The BTC&lt;=&gt;BCH piece would utilize LN for quickly settling the withdrawal/deposit functionality on the BTC side, BCH wouldn’t need LN as it could scale up to very large blocks and not require LN.  Litecoin is not a bad option, however the similarities to BTC are an advantage (e.g. same mining algorithm and massive hashrate from dedicated miner following).  
Also, BCH possesses a significantly advanced user experience vs other alts, including LTC, which is going to become more and more important for successful adoption of any crypto currency from the non-technical.  Perhaps most importantly, this compromise would end the hostile feud and bridge the gap between BTC and BCH supporters.  
A compromise would be universally beneficial for stopping the bleeding both sides of this feud are causing the other; replaced by cooperation as teammates fighting for same cause instead of enemies locked in a death match.  This feud has become just so hostile to the point that neither side is willing to ever let the other win.  Pride in either side aside, this is bad for ALL of the crypto world, and will only get worse.
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:56:45
The above comment makes so little sense about every incorrect buzzword it tried to cram in that it must be result of:
(A)   A brutal translation from Japanese combined with no less than 6 instances of words changed by autocorrect.
(B)   A high school kid who knows absolutely nothing about anything but likes to argue, especially when high af.
(C)   A man using voice to text was overcome with The Spirit and started speaking in tongues.
(D)   All of the above.
@_date: 2018-02-14 23:04:48
BTC would be the sidechain.  It’s analogous to liquid flowing through pipes of various diameters, or traffic flowing through different types of streets/highways.
BTC = residential streets
BCH = highway and city streets
You wouldn’t want your mansion exiting right next to a highway, you want slower, controlled, less frequented residential streets.  However, when you want to venture away from the afore detailed  *storage of value* and rather enter into *transaction territory* you will have to ‘flow’ with many others doing the same.  This is why we have multi lane city streets and highways (disregard block time for increased highway speed since ayk is same).  
Increasing bandwidth with more lanes is vital to increasing throughout.  I hope I am mistaken, but LN as the final solution, is the equivalent of multi-layered residential streets that bee-line to large roundabouts with other bee-line residential streets either going to your destination or to another roundabout.
@_date: 2018-02-15 21:25:34
BTC cheerleader shill.  Uninformed readers don’t know how full of shit you are.  Quit arguing semantics and spit out things people understand.  Convolution and Straw-manning only serve to confuse others; so speak in general concepts and don’t split semantic hairs.  Allow me to demonstrate. 
(1) *LN is not Bitcoin per se.”*
  LMAO, should’ve saved this katana in your stomach for last point to die on.  Are you trying to ‘muddy the waters’ per se.  Are you aware that LN has been the promised panacea by the team refusing to increase throughout capacity without technical justification per se.  Maybe you just like to argue, per se.  Pull the cock out of your mouth and talk like a human who *wants* to be understood.  Of course LN is ‘bitcoin’ it has been the scaling solution promised 2 years ago. LMAO.
(2) ETH is a better albeit different distributed ledger with greater decentralization (Nobody owns XX% of hashrate nor the only company creating competitive miner hardware.  BCH is bitcoin if bitcoin were ran by competent problem solvers instead of profit-hungry Rube-Goldbergs.
(3) The use of the word “enemies” reveals your unbiased and immature understanding of market competition.  My guess is that you are 17 years old because you clearly don’t know shit and don’t want to take the time to learn.
(4) I wouldn’t want to defend BTC against ETH either, because you can’t.  It’s a jackhammer vs a nail. It’s a growing Amazon with limitless potential vs a dying Sears.
(5) Always better to try, fail, *and then keep on trying some more* to always improve and move the product forward.  This is one of the 467743466 reasons why ETH is so very very far ahead of BTC.  Amazon failed miserably with their fire phone, Sears didn’t do shit for years.
(6) Spoken like someone who’s never written, tested, deployed, or maintained code in their life.  Code is as much law as any law is law.  Tax laws just changed dramatically, state laws change all the time.  *Code is the **only** word of God... until God speaks again in a few weeks.* (seriously don’t embarrass yourself, I don’t enjoy stomping posturing fools who obviously don’t know shit, but I will so nobody mistakes your blathering convolution for any point worth any consideration)
(7) Your most obvious and pathetic attempt to straw-man me.  **I** was the one who said ETH and BTC are not competitors, they are too different to compare.  
“Hey can I borrow your [Telegraph]? I need to research and write a high school history paper about the invention of the [Computer].
“Hey can I use the Turing complete processing language available to your [Bitcoin]? I need to develop an autonomous decentralized application for automatically exchanging cryptocurrencies that can *only do expensive transactions slowly* like [ETH].
Go read more and respond with clear arguments only else all know you are fool blindly promoting.
FWIW: I like Bitcoin. But don’t try to say it’s better than ETH. Better to avoid that conversation altogether less make Bitcoin go pale.
@_date: 2018-02-14 22:22:18
Trying and failing is part of the maturation process.  No software on bleeding edge tech has been bug free at release. If you are a contributing member, instead of bashing we should learn lessons from their failures.  It’s easy to throw rocks at a glass house when you have no house.
@_date: 2018-02-15 08:12:06
It sucks of course, and I completely empathize with the users.   However, whether the users knew it or not, they were in fact extremely early adopters of incompletely tested software that I assume was still in early stages of development (giving them benefit of doubt).  
Investing/using bleeding edge tech still under development comes with inherent and unpredictable risk factors. In the early days of PayPal there were MANY upset customers that were losing money on transfers b/c of bugs in the software. Fortunately, for them, they had a customer service number to call and PayPal would fork over their losses.
So combine bleeding edge tech that is still in development with zero accountability for the behavior or functionality of the service, and you have giant unknown risks of which you are 100% exposed to with zero recourse.
Again, it really sucks because those that were hurt by the dumbass inadvertently causing the smart contract to self destruct, are the very ones pioneering and championing blockchain tech; they should NOT be getting kicked in the balls for having them.
@_date: 2018-02-15 16:04:41
Releasing untested LN on mainnet is neither conservative nor prudent.
ETH is NOT a competitor to BTC like BCH is; and BTC should be thankful that this is the case.  
ETH has over three times the active developers working on the platform and their stand ups are recorded and made publicly available to all to listen in on. They are laser focused on improving the tech, not on public perception or bashing their competitors.  They have a leader who is rational, logical, brilliant, and *upfront*.  They feature a Turing complete programming language on top of distributed VM giving them unlimited use cases and potential for any solutions ever justifiable for blockchain architecture.  ETH is far far ahead of BTC, and they are not showing any signs of letting up.  Meanwhile BTC struggles to make affordable transactions and focuses more on marketing and public opinion through non-forthright tactics.
If ETH were a direct competitor to BTC then the fight would already be over, ETH wins hands down.  Fortunately it’s non-limited supply is a turn off to speculators that only understand that about BTC so still favor BTC as golden boy.
ETH:BTC :: Computer:Telegraph
