@_author: dinosaursgrowbeards
@_date: 2014-07-26 13:39:47
I dunno about this, I wouldn't call my cat 'Dolla Dolla Bill'.... Hm, well...
@_date: 2014-05-04 18:04:23
I'm a bit out of the game at the moment, but I used BIPS a few months ago.
Their servers were apparently hacked soon after. All services got shutdown and balances disappeared. Luckily I had no more than 1BTC resting with them at the time. But that disappeared with no trace, all I have to prove it, from them, is an email of the successful deposit. 
To this day I'm still talking to their support to try and get it back. It's painfully slow (1-2 weeks between responses), and I keep getting handed to new people. Every now and then somebody closes my ticket as solved... Its not... So I reopen. They could hand me 2BTC in the morning and I would still tell you not to trust them and tell you imo they can go suck a fuck. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 00:43:03
My personal understanding so far...
Your average Joe simply wouldn't buy a coffee with Bitcoin. Not now.
The people you see going to pubs and raving about having bought a round of beers with Bitcoin so easily, are advertising the ease of use more than anything else. They're people who have probably been involved with Bitcoin for a while or have figured out there finances and already converted a sizable portion of their fiat into it. 
Bitcoin IS fluctuating a lot, but not nearly as much as it used to. It's becoming more stable, but that doesn't necessarily speak for its future price. But if everybody interested in it just sits around hodling there Bitcoins until it is a constant price, then the technology would never take off and the price would not stay at all constant once everybody starts buying coffees all at once. I guess you could say people are using it to prove it is a viable and very easy method of everyday payment.
I don't think anybody expects a low wage family in a place like the US to switch over to Bitcoin. It probably wouldn't benefit them in the short run because despite the issues with the economy, people thinking only a few months or maybe years into the future wont see a point where holding hands with the government by way of money will leave them in a poorer place. But that is why Bitcoin is so appealing to more unstable countries where it's entirely possible that in the space of a year, governments might literally decide to dip into the average Joe's savings to try and save their own economy. The visibly, outspokenly unstable economies out there. I think it is sort of commonly seen that even the US economy is veering down that sort of path, as in becoming more and more unstable.
I don't want to talk too much on the subject because despite following Bitcoin for around 3-4 years, I don't consider myself to have any expertise or grander understanding of it OR economics. 
I just watched a video that is also on the front page [that talks a bit about the outlook and benefits of the use of Bitcoin on an economic level. ]( You might find it interesting.
Nobody is saying "Drop all your fiat and switch to Bitcoin, you'll benefit immediately!", I believe the idea is "The current system is flawed, here is a better idea." And the dudes looking for upvotes for a imgur upload of their fresh cup of coffee bought with Bitcoin are just saying, "It works, it was easy, this could be the future". 
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:24:51
Recall as you like, but this is my case. Even if I was the most ignorant of people and "YOU'RE BALANCE IS 1BTC" was written on my accounts page ready to manage, I would still be appalled by their support.