@_author: dinoboy27
@_date: 2018-03-15 14:55:54
I wanted to add this also
However much we say decentralised, the few hold the majority of btc. And heavy price declines don’t take as much as ud expect. 
As people with their hard worked funds panic, or newbies or even people trying to beat them go into panic and sell. They buy the sell and recycle the manoeuvre.
Crypto has yet to become real-life application. So purely speculation at the moment and that’s their time to strike.
Once application has become a reality the valuation of cryptos will become apparent. 
For example vechain or wtc will pay dividends to their token holders.
Or transactional tokens such as stellar have fiat anchors around the world.
Germany recently announced its going to view cryptos used as payments to be legally seen the same as fiat.
Germany boss Europe and that will more than likely mean the rest of Europe will follow.
Hopefully the US and the IRS will stop being greedy and try maximise tax revenue through their stance and follow suit. It’s unlikely they won’t due to the risk of not being at the forefront of a tech revolution. This could impact where companies in this space are located.
@_date: 2018-03-15 16:06:35
Agreed but if if I look at stellar’s Lane, they’re introducing Lighting Network and also private transaction.
They need LN for their banking solution and they know the need don private transactions.
They recently joined with Keybase.. which uses encryption and u don’t even have to identify who u r.
@_date: 2018-03-14 19:42:20
I see validity in this being a purposeful manipulation. 
However much we say decentralised, the few hold the majority of btc. And heavy price declines don’t take as much as ud expect. 
As people with their hard worked funds panic, or newbies or even people trying to beat them go into panic and sell. They buy the sell and recycle the manoeuvre.
Crypto has yet to become real-life application. So purely speculation at the moment and that’s their time to strike.
Once application has become a reality the valuation of cryptos will become apparent. 
For example vechain or wtc will pay dividends to their token holders.
Or transactional tokens such as stellar have fiat anchors around the world.
Germany recently announced its going to view cryptos used as payments to be legally seen the same as fiat.
Germany boss Europe and that will more than likely mean the rest of Europe will follow.
Hopefully the US and the IRS will stop being greedy and try maximise tax revenue through their stance and follow suit. It’s unlikely they won’t due to the risk of not being at the forefront of a tech revolution. This could impact where companies in this space are located.
@_date: 2018-03-22 14:36:20
This is a revolutionary industry of undeniable potential.
Tech isn’t in place yet, nor is the money from the average joe and large financial institutions.
This is a given to arrive.
Speculative bad news is FUD
Investing in these early days is brave but with research on choice, very much smart money
@_date: 2018-03-15 15:48:22
Mate.. I just can’t be sure with them.
I’ve tried to VPN into South Korea and Hong Kong and read their local news.
Checked out their company and registrations
Looked into their lead guys.
After all that, is still have no f’ing clue.
I do hold hope they’re just rushing things but it’ll come together.
And yeah... Maybe Chinese scam
@_date: 2018-03-15 15:33:22
I agree.. 
I’m big on Stellar and can get into depth.
My secret investment with the same sentiment is ELA.
I am also watching WTC, but they need to sort some issues out.
What are you into?
@_date: 2018-03-15 15:50:53
Xlm are coming!! Done so much research and it’ll start Q2 to Q4