@_author: dinoalt
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:19:43
The free state movement can fuck off.  It's cancer to my state.
@_date: 2014-01-14 02:18:45
Here's what the average freestater I come into contact with does:
1) hassle town clerks over paying their taxes because they're blind to the direct benefit as a result of 2.
2) don't attend town meetings
3) on the very rare occasion they attend a meeting, they want their way and no to compromise.
4) they want to radically change the way things work
5) they hassle our already incredibly unobtrusive police force
6) they clash with NH ideals
7) they don't respect state traditions
8) they preach their ideas endlessly
9) we've been doing libertarianism since it was a thing in the US, and they believe their brand of libertarianism is superior and we should adopt it
10) They are primarily what I would consider "city livers" who bitch *to no end* about the weather and NH lifestyle.  Congratu-fucking-lations, I've lived here for nearly two decades and if you don't like it, neither the state nor mother nature won't change for you and you can leave.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 11:53:30
That's pretty hilarious.  Our 'traditional' laws protecting liberties are going nowhere.  Yes, we're progressive enough to have the first all-women government, but being allowed to fire fireworks off without a license, lax gun laws, lax police force, and all of our other similar laws/practices are going nowhere.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 03:26:58
So you're not a free stater.  I don't know why I'm wasting my time, then.  
The party resisting change to their culture, which is ahead of the curve in almost all aspects in terms of state ranking (violence, education, personal liberties, etc) is not the party to blame for conflict.  
To give you an idea of how peaceful and tolerant the FSM is, Concord, Nashua, Manchester, and Portsmouth all fairly recently purchased APCs.  All of the proposals to purchase those *listed resisting FSM conflict* on the bill until it was later redacted to avoid being offensive.  
NH is not in the wrong.  The FSM thinking they can transplant "as many as 20,000" fuckhead "libertarians" into NH and break a working system is in the wrong.  
Here's hint.  You don't hold out on your taxes, piss off your town clerk, not show up to a meeting for your first two years of residence, then show up to a town meeting and say you want to disband the police force and pay a neighboring town for emergency services.  Not when **your town already lacks even a volunteer police force.**  FSM fuckheads are not informed, they are not *qualified* to change anything about New Hampshire.
e: you're an anarcho-capitalist.  There really is no sense debating with you.