@_author: diogomesquita
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:51:12
From all the characteristics I said Bitcoin was best at, I agree that scalability is the most contentious one. But let me know what you think about my point on this.
First versus Bitcoin cash. Increasing the block size is a linear solution to scalability, which will never scale to the amount of transactions per second that will be required in the future. And it is at a direct expense of security. Because with bigger blocks, the latency of transmitting blocks through the network increases, so on average more miners are mining blocks that aren't part of the longest chain, which in practice results in reducing the hash rate of the network, and therefore its security (also makes running full nodes more costly). On the other hand, the Lightning Network (LN) is a second-layer solution that is an exponential solution to the scalability problem. And it actually scales to the amount of transactions we will need. The tradeoff here is the security at the second-layer, which is less than 1st layer. But the first layer (where you keep the bulk of your money) is still at maximum security. Bitcoin cash has no plans to adopt LNs.
Versus Litecoin. Litecoin can and will adopt LN. So how is Bitcoin more scalable? First of all, LNs enable atomic swaps between different blockchains. So, Litecoin's scalability adds to Bitcoin's. Second, you should also consider Sidechains as scalability solutions. Here we will have all kind of "altcoins" with different features and tradeoffs pegging onto Bitcoin. So for instance, you could have a Litecoin and Bitcoin cash type of networks as sidechains to Bitcoin. Which also directly adds to Bitcoin scalability. Now, I don't think this will be the case for Litecoin. I don't think anyone will be building Sidechains for Litecoin when you can do the same in the more secure, liquid, descentralized, with larger development community crypto that is Bitcoin. Thus, IMO Bitcoin will also be more scalable than Litecoin.
Do you think this makes sense?
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:31:23


If they did this they would very rapidly undo it. Because they would loose out on all the economic value and innovation that Bitcoin is generating to all the other countries. Thus leading them to loose the top spot as major economic power. Plus, [Streisand effect]
 ( Plus, the fact that it was so easy for regulators to approve the futures markets doesn't indicate that that is their intention short to medium term.


This already happened with Mt Gox and price recovered. People should learn that money in exchanges is not safe.


This would definitely crash the price. But it would recover. If he did this arguing that Bitcoin is not his true vision anymore then he would have to explain why. And the market seems to like the current version of Bitcoin so who cares what he thinks now? If he was selling to take some profits then he wouldn't probably move it all at once, and price would only go down short term cause of speculation, i.e. it would recover too.
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:19:48


First, it doesn't need to be a currency. It's a great store and transfer of value. The high fees show that the market is willing to pay a high price for truly censorship resistant and secure transactions. Second, second layer solutions solve the high fees problem for small transactions by improving scalability.


That is called network effect, and it is very important. Additionally, it is the most secure (&gt; hashrate), descentralized, liquid, with more uptime and scalable network that currently exists. Yes there are some technical aspects where other coins are better, but nothing comparable to Bitcoin's advantages. Moreover, you will soon be able to create "altcoins" with any feature you want through sidechains that leverage all of bitcoin's advantages.