@_author: dionysiuss
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:31:35
No offense to the lawyer that started the thread, but lest we not forget the IRS was instituted after the Federal Reserve Act was unlawfully "passed" without amending the constitution thereby purportedly transferring the power to coin money and control the value thereof from Congress to the Rothschilds and others.  The tax you pay to the IRS goes directly to pay the interest on the loans the Federal Reserve grants the U.S. Government in what can only be called a perverted circle jerk.  I call it this because the Federal Reserve is not "Federal" and has no "reserves".  They create money from nothing and loan it to the government at interest that the IRS then seeks to collect from the debt slave, i.e. American citizens located anywhere on or off Planet, as the case may be.  Finally one may ask what the hell is a black giant pyramid with 2 Freemason columns doing at the IRS headquarters. 
        
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:04:54
well said, those that are not "enlightened" only need be shown the light 
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:22:18
jrmrjnck - I generally think taxes are needed to support a limited government,  however what most Americans do not understand is that there was no income tax until the Federal Reserve took over the money supply in 1913.  I live in a country with very little tax and I have lived in America and paid 35% tax.  So I believe I can speak with confidence on this issue.  My original point is that the U.S. tax system is based upon the misconception the money paid is used to support schools and local infrastructure, which it is not, thus felt compelled when I read a tax attorney giving advice on bitcoin to voice my opinion on the entity that he is really working for.
Finally, what the U.S. Government will never tell its citizens is that the national debt can never be paid back because it will decrease the supply of money and collapse the entire system upon itself.  Therefore the only way forward it to keep issuing new debt to pay the old until the entire system is replaced with something different.  Debt based money requires new debt to enter the system to pay the old debt off. 
 
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:55:31
thanks Unwright, I assumed that must be it, nevertheless Bitcioin is the reason we are all here and I owe it to others involved in Bitcoin to inform them the U.S. tax system is a complete sham employed to enslave Americans into debt from cradle to grave, thus we decide to deal in bitcoin.  I will cite an example, a U.S. Corporation, say Halliburton for instance, can simply say (on paper) we are paying no more taxes, its to much, and "renounce" their citizenship and the next day be declared a citizen of The United Arab Emirates.
I shutter to think of a real human American citizen attempting the same scheme.  Halliburton, being an artificial person is allowed to renounce citizenship and legally evade U.S. taxes whereas living and breathing humans claiming U.S. nationality are not which leads to the next point of how can an artificial entity have more rights then a living human being?  That's for another topic.
     