@_author: dirtyass_pants_meat
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:50:28
I wonder about that. I heard that there are big mining farms in china that are "about" to go online. Is that just rumor? 
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:55:13
Bitcoin is about to implode and if you were smart you would be bailing ship right now!
@_date: 2014-01-16 01:12:27
I sold when those suckers hit 1,200$!!!! Made $60k!
@_date: 2013-12-27 01:22:21
Yeah your right. What is bitcoin? It's a virtual money. Then there' s litcoin ,dogecoin, etc etc. Then theres gold, silver, rmb, rbi, euro etc etc. The difference between them is......Governments! Governments back these currencies they don't back virtual currencies and also bet your ass if bitcoin were to "really" start getting big, big brother will step in and squash it. Joe blow with half a brain knows all this stuff too because its common sense. If I lose $1000 from my bank account because of a hacker I'll get it back. If I lose $1000 worth of bitcoin from my virtual wallet because of a hacker well.....tough shit! It is not backed up by anyone.
@_date: 2013-12-26 22:33:32
Op said "I guess it's in my wallet." Then he expresses confusion as to how to sell it. I am simply saying that this sums up how most people feel about it and is why it can't seem to take off. Just OBTAINING it is confusing as hell much less buying things with it. With a bank you go to a physical place and say "yes I'd like 5 dollars" 2 minutes later your walking out with physical money in your hand. And then there are debit cards and with atm's literally on every corner and in every store it is SO simple to deal in cash. AND if a hacker ever does break into my account the banks are now pretty fast about giving back my money. This whole bitcoin thing is just one big real life circle jerk. I take currency A and buy currency B. Then Spend currency B and the vendor turns it back into currency A! You see? A huge circle jerk. As far as using Bitcoins, so far the ONLY real need for it is to purchase drugs or sell stolen credit card information online(Target heist anyone?) Plus now with governments warning about how it's basically worthless and seeing them beginning to crack down on it (china and now it appears india) it just doesn't seem viable in the long term nor does it seem worth the hassle to use it simply for "buying" stuff with. It's popular and on fire right now because techno nerds on reddit and a few others are speculating it (hence the wild ass price swings) but once enough people get burned it will become less and less popular.  
Not to mention the world bank outright called it a pyramid scheme and this geashu group double spending it's just simple logic....it's going to collapse and sooner rather than later! 
@_date: 2013-12-26 21:24:07
This is me! I have downloaded a bitcoin wallet app to my phone gone on to actual bitcoin purchasing sites only to stop because I can't buy it right now this instant at the now price! As I understand it, if you buy them it takes AWHILE for the transaction to complete during which time the price could fluctuate. 
 
There NEEDS to be a simple "official" bitcoin website and one "official" bitcoin wallet where you sign up, link your new checking account (that you created solely to buy bitcoins) and then you click on "buy now" (include the right now bitcoin going price) and then boom there in your wallet.
Same for selling them. Only in reverse.
@_date: 2013-12-26 21:41:12
Lol wut? This is why bitcoin can't seem to gain widespread momentum.  You have to be pretty technologically advanced to understand it. It is not simple enough for most people.