@_author: dirvine
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:52:16
We will probably never create apps, but encourage others to do that. It's too much for us and would not be fair on everyone if we did. In saying that we will be releasing many apps as tutorials and examples. It's the push in house now, so there is a dropbox replacement, youtube, websites etc. all in the pipeline and hopefully projects will pick them up and build companies and groups around them for us all.
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:49:22
Yes and like Fenman he was not smart enough to explain some complex things in that manner. It is likely none of us are. I tell people that I am not smart enough to explain all of MaidSafe in a simple manner that satisfies most people. 
We used to just say we were exploring infinity when folk asked as it was the easy way out. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:27:39
I hold no shares in MaidSafe so can talk freely about it with no personal gain. It is excellent and I hope it's unrecognisable soon. The vision has allowed us to endure years of hardship, but well worth it. Now people should take it and improve it beyond recognition.  I will help where I can and the team are ego'less (is that even a word?) so will do that same. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:11:51
Farmers would have to mine bitcoin in that instance and this is a problem. safecoin can be used to pay for anything even resources if it had to. How much depends on the resource cost and the safecoin value at that time. It's like buying bread with dollars from that perspective. 
There is an internal currency we can use to value the resource globally, so provide it at the lowest cost to the network. We do not think this will be required though.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:18:14


Caching is full route caching, regardless of address space distance it will cache through the route. This will lead to geographic caching as well.If you look in the code you will see the space in routing for geographic calculations to improve this. 
There are many papers on such schemes if you want to look into it further. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:59:53


Yes if there were not enough replicants. The network calculates the count dynamically, with a minimum of 4 for now. If the number was less than this then the possibility of corruption will go up. We have gone fro 4 but it's easily increased if tests show this to be an issue. We think it's better than a K of 20 in a normal DHT though.  This is due to disconnections being noted very quickly. 
You are right though it's always a trade off in p2p. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 08:50:17




Yes for unique data the current payment is 4 times. IT's a good deal for people though as they get security (physical and logical). 


Yes that's right, shared info is more valuable to everyone, but essentially you must be able to have private data that's entirely between you and the network and nobody else. They are equally important.


This will reduce the cost to 1 times, for additional users but still you will have been charged 4 times. This is a solvable issue, but for the moment that's the rule. We looked at chargebacks etc. but every system leaks some information. There is a way you can delete and restore the data to remove the 4 times charge, so potential for a hack / flood can exist. Those parts are all solvable, but require significant planning and thought, that's why these conversations are great, differing perspectives helps for sure. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 20:15:11
I hope if it is adopted by the community there will be. We are finalising some tests now and will have the network up and running soon. I really hope the bitcoin community will help us out, we (by that I mean all of us)  can shake the world with tech like this. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 10:12:50
password(s) yes. We have people looking at hardware solutions there too, trezor like things, but initially these wont be in place.
@_date: 2014-01-16 12:29:47
Pretty cool :-) Never noticed that bot previously.
@_date: 2014-01-22 20:22:42
Yes, my writing style is unique for sure. Sorry about that, but it's the message I am keen on. I think my c++ is better, at least I hope so :-)
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:20:19
Yes anonymity was key to this. So a user creates their own account independently and the network scrubs the IP address on hope 1. I think it is vital for security to have anonymous and public identities where and when required. The whistleblower ability is paramount. 
Hope that helps. (check the self authentication papers for more info if you wish)
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:27:57
Seems those in token based businesses should seriously consider this one.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:28:55
AFAIK Wuala could always delete data on request. I do not think it was an autonomous network, but I guess we will never know now anyway. I had high hopes fro that one as they seemed like a bunch of really smart developers. Still used centralised login capabilities as far as I was aware. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:56:05
Check out 
Which is managed on leveldb in the version managers on the network (ie.e., massively scaled). You can see most of the code for those here
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:55:59
Thanks for this I will be investigating Trezor now, you are right there are many options, but the community will add some advice and help as you just have. It's great. Thanks again! I will be posting a story and hopefully will have reference to soem of these issues and lots more suggestions. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:14:29
They won't we will amortise resource around the network, remove duplicates etc. (see our paper on self encryption). When you delete data the space is returned to you. 
You pay for resources with resources, the resources of us all added is huge the return for sharing is you require less, it's simple when you think about it. This is how societies and nature works, now we make the Internet work the same way. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:45:42


As good an analogy as a maserati is a suitcase carrying device :-) sorry no intention  of being annoyed, we get that a lot. 
People can join the mailing list and find out what people are doing or download the code and run their own networks etc. This should be able to replace all internet services and much much more. Folk will presume to know much more without tests etc. It's much better to try it out. Many answers and idea here metaquestions.me (I have heard all teh latency, bad nodes, off line computers arguments for a long time now, they are not proven by tests, I like tests). 
We really should all want this to work. It will change all our lifes and we will all own a part of it. If not this code then this vision surely is what humanity must aim for. Check it out, it is a ton of work over 8 years and it works, which is a bonus,
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:21:03


Ok then, in your suggested format I have
 "the tech re-implements current Internet services and infrastructure which solves the problems of security, privacy and security as well as improving efficiency and removing the need for electricity consuming data centres. It has several revenue opportunities
* Further innovation in this space with significant opportunities in medical applications and distributed autonomous intelligence
* Provision of core development to the platfform
* Underlying crypto currency valuation
* Application development in the consumer space
* Opportunities in mesh and off earth Internet services (phone, isp etc. disruption)
@_date: 2014-05-20 23:33:14
Cool, not intending any damage, just clarifying. Be good for more corporate voice here though :-) just saying. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 00:14:34
I have but I work there :-) It;s a platform for apps, just being released and working with some projects to finalise the API. We hope to see applications very soon, but not by us. I sincerely hope this changes the way the Internet works and gives it back to all of us.
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:20:22
You can if you want, it will cost a little more but your paranoia will be welcome and supported. I take it you are trusting encfs developers though?
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:23:38
Can anyone confirm the 'plot' here, are they trying to promote bitcoin and use the cash to pay for more promotion?  Is the bitcoin foundation aware of this? 
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:02:49


Perhaps? Not shown yet in tests. I did put a website on this many years back (in python) and it was faster. Who knew? 
Theory is great but bumble bees fly, who knew? Lets aim for something great and test it.
@_date: 2014-01-27 16:46:16
Owner verses holder perhaps (we all hold money, even wallets and robots)? not sure, just asking.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:29:43


If you could create 50% of all nodes then there may be a possibility of making data read only. IT would require a significantly well co-ordinated event. 
To create nodes close to an address will be extremely difficult, the address size is 2*512 the address size in bitcoin is 2^160. Hash collisions are very rare and I am not aware of any in SHA512.  If you try and create nodes and get them on the network you will find it's not simple. There is a time involved of course, but that's only time but must be multipled by the amount of addresses you can create. Then you have to know which address to get, there is an attack vector thread on our mailing list to try and establish some of these.  We have a system where the nodes create the keys, sign etc. then upload the keys to the closest to the original key. The network then alters this address and gives you back the address you will use. 
So you could not for instance just create addresses and then select 4 close to an address for that point in time in anything close to several thousands or millions of years with all the computing power in the plant, if the network is of any decent size at all. Like bitcoins early days the network is weakest at the start. We will have a better description of this hopefully this week. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:01:04
I am not criticising as I am surprised by the pigeonholing really. There are some things than cannot describe lots in a sentence. I cannot teach latin in a few words and I find it hard to summarise all the efforts we have had to go through to make this happen. I am not sure it's really possible.  
I think human nature is to find a known and label the unknown with that. It is perhaps how we are made. I cannot change that. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:32:10
This is way more simple than people are making it. Think project SAFE miner is a farmer, it mines by providing validated valuable storage of resources. 
Bitcoin miner is a computation, these miners benefit from providing computation
saefcoin is the product of a waste free mining operation. 
saefcoin == cash (anonymous)
bitcoin == ledger (accountable)
Both have their place. 
There is an internal token system that can be used if we decided to have people sell their resource, it's a double exponential curve (increasing demand verses decreasing cost). Not so hard, but very likely not required. 
 
@_date: 2014-01-16 11:51:08


No, don't get me wrong, it's definitely a valid idea, worth more consideration. It works for bitcoin after all :-)


The best thing is to perhaps read the documentation page in the vault lib,  
We think our developers take nearly 2 years to 'get it' so don't be hard on yourself, the guts are not necessary to understand so try and stay high level if possible, if something seems weird, shout on the developer mailing list and you will get some good feedback. 


I am growing to like this idea as you think further, the compelling thing is working for bitcoin part, although it's pools who provide proof of work. I think it does need a good debate for sure to see the pros and cons, to me it sounds very plausible though.  Thanks again for the input.
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:14:38
I am assuming this was not protected by a simple password. Not that amount of coin surely!
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:40:36
They are to bootstrap the project and make it everyones project not the property of MaidSafe. Widespread adoption, set a market vale for the safecoin that the network will provide and fund competitors to maidsafe etc. Lots of reasons and detail on our press page here  and the safecoin paper and site safecoin.io
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:05:50




We could not use the XOR part of the process then. This prevents weakness in the encrypt algorithm. We use the encrypt stage to create non compressible data.  We do not want any weakness in an algorithm to be an attack.
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:40:50


It's a cyclic process and a sliding window of three chunks. chunk n is encrypted using part of the hash n-1. It's then xored with the rest of n-1 + n-2. There are a few other steps, but the digram I showed earlier makes it more clear than the paper I think. 


We use a key generated from the other chunks. We use CFB internally in the AES step in the diagram.  Hope that's obvious enough. 




Presented at the Google Scalability conference 2008, BCS Xmas lecture 2008. Also taken to St Andrews, Stirling and Strathclyde University. Paper authored by members of Abertay and Strathclyde uni and presented at the Wireless World Research Forum  in Dusseldorf. Presented at several university events across Scotland. We have had three different pre and post doc studies on the network and currently sponsor a PHD student looking at attack vectors etc. I personally post frequently to the cryptopp list where I have outlined this process as well. 
I have not tried cryptome and nobody has suggested this previously. I will look into that for sure. 
Asked Bruce Schneier to look at it in 2007, the price for him to read this was $40,000 and we could not afford that. 
I am always happy to help others with encryption issues and happy to discuss as many techniques as possible, so all suggestions are good. We should have an overview paper this week that will explain the network in a decent overview. Strathclyde University are working on this. 
The header for this process is  it's well tested but a horrible piece of code (not exception safe yet, but tested). Its an area we are keen to rewrite with more generic programming techniques. It's way to complex and messy, huge class etc. but you will see the pipelines and ciphers etc. It was written for a very fast low memory network based drive and does not have to be focussed on that.
[edit n-2]
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:32:06
Just now the usual suspects. We have meshnet interest (see openLibernet, it's cool) which is awesome. We do not replace the pipes and routers, but everything above that (dns/httpd/smtp etc.) as those things are all centralised but perhaps distributed. They are under central control of humans, in my book that equals corruptible. 
I think meshnet will fit this extremely well, MaidSafe should not do it. The decentralised Internet cannot be MaidSafe it has to be everyone and we are promoting parters competitors and everyone in this filed. We need them all,  especially the failures, they just need to fail fast though and be helped by the rest of us. 
Lets all help each other, compete with logical debate and support everyone. This will happen very fast now and shake the very foundations of the upside down logic of today's Internet services. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:33:42
it is ;-)
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:10:42
Overview (note papers in sidebar)
More detail
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:26:09


Yes get it on github, check the mailing list for ways to play around and build test networks. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:48:08
Join the mailing list and poke around, if that's your goal we will help you build it.  Or get the current Diaspora project to team up, this would work for them and get around their issues of people setting up servers. 
@_date: 2014-01-22 02:18:59
The longer it takes for these types to 'get it' the better it is for all of us. Their track record of forecasting financial events speaks volumes.
@_date: 2014-01-22 03:07:03
Cheers, it all needs to be said I think.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:27:22
Think of data being shared at the filesystem level not httpd. You could share a working copy of word or anything along with the data, dependent on licensing of course. A java based front end for interoperability, I think it's all to play for. I feel like Satochi being asked about OpenTransactions or Ethereum, I think these things will develop very quickly and I am probably not best placed to design them. I am way to tired :-)
Another question may be why SQL at all ? (I am not wanting to get into the nosql sql wars but there are different options as well)
There will be a ton of uses. for some examples see this 
Mostly stuff we have not thought of. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:58:21




I think that is more, MaidSafe is software and latin is a language
@_date: 2014-02-19 11:57:50
Yes the opportunities are huge. If these own themselves then costs will go down to the most efficient mechanism, not marketing hyperbole. If a more efficient mechanism comes along, then it's the rebuild shop. 
There is no need for us to pay companies to do many things (like taxis etc.) when the system can be closed looped for want of a better phrase. 
The next instalment really blows this up to things humans cannot dream of doing, so not replacing our jobs but making a lot of what we do completely redundant. Logic will inevitably win in this world I think. it removes the ability for greed and corruption a little at a time, bitcoin has started that already.
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:06:49
See  proof of resource based token system. The revenue model will also be decentralised. 
Yes I agree we will get blamed for all the Internet does at the moment by people. Such as you mention. I cannot see this changing, but we never know, we can only hope. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:22:32


No that node is penalised and your data is not affected in any way (there are replicants). This is done via integrity checks and we use c++ type system so that a corrupt piece of data cannot even be constructed (it fails to hash to the name of the data). 


What comes out of the computers is not data, this is debate we have and it's a weird one. The encryption is a mix of chunking encryption and obfuscation. Nobody (not even the network) knows what the chunk is. Only the user when they click on a file will see the file as a file, the network only sees a mish mash of stuff and it's moved about all the time. 


I hope this helps a wee bit. It is a lot of new technology we are dumping on everyone and that's not easy for us or you, so I appreciate that.
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:47:28


And what if it's not? We have run websites on it :-) I used to run a website on a 56k link to. Things evolve and improve efficiency, surely the Internet taught us at least that. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:25:35


I agree, although the GPL does allow certain protection as long as we have contributors able to fork. We are really focussed on a token model now that would improve the situation for all of us, particularly the wider community. 
There is an ongoing discussion in our mailing list and I am trying to make sure this can be implemented in a mathematically secure manner. We welcome all help here as this has to be extremely fair and very well thought out. The discussion is here 
Thanks very much and please feel free to help us show other existing business a route into the decentralized and more fair world. I think we will have a decent story to tell and help others with. I hope so anyway.
@_date: 2014-01-30 22:52:15
I call bull, the critical bit is just after 49mins
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:58:18
Cheers, a good reason for us to do all this in the open. We get some criticism but for the community it's worth it that we do. These reminders are a classic example. I am not interested in alt coins for similar tasks. I like bitcoin backing for sure. 
Cheers for the reminder.
@_date: 2014-02-15 15:24:32
A perfect circle can be drawn by rotating parallel lines around a fixed point. Then you have infinite tangent points that are equidistant. If you imagine rotate a parallel line 90 degrees you have a square, keep rotating the parallel lines around the fixed point (circle centre) an infinite amount of times and you will tend towards a perfect circle. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 17:59:55


Thank you and I think we are in complete agreement here. This is the co-existence model I think I tried try outline. Not co-dependent but co-existent and it is important we can all do that. I really hope the idea grows legs and all these projects join together in a non dependent manner.
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:00:53
It's not really better, they are different system with different goals I think. Take a peek and let us know though. Cheers for the link.
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:25:29
I posted here a few days ago, explaining a system that's already in final development (after 7 years) that will accomplish this with zero intermediary and certainly not using any kind of servers, especially web servers.  I don't quite 'get' reddit just yet I think, but hopefully learning.
The issues go a lot further than replacing youtube, facebook etc. we need to replace all centralised or centrally controlled systems. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:25:26


It's a closer comparison I think We have pipe-lining code that allows this sliding window approach that means we can encode in parallel. 


No need, it's reddit :-) we need to be more clear with our messages and all this really does help. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:04:39
Ok then put it this way. Every bitcoin transaction on the blockchain can create a new currency (Mastercoin and more). Some can be unlimited currencies (say a pi currency that has value on length of pi or e etc. there are many options). 
so you can create infinite amounts of coins on the bitcoin network, maybe several infinities of coins. If you check the Winklevos submission I think it's not limited to bitcoin, its currency based on the bitcoin network. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:30:45
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:05:27


If you can provide what you ask for in a time required then great, you privide a resource. That is a good thing no matter how you do it. Pay AWS and game this if you wish. All we ask is do what you are asked by the network.
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:22:27


Not very much :-) It has a lot do do with our data types that are stored on the network though.
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:10:28
Here is a shorter version 
@_date: 2014-01-16 12:28:10
Yes I did look at the proof of work, increase message cost stuff a while back and liked it. Thank you for the links, I will read more into these schemes to see how they have done it. I will look again for sure as this could be a decent route. 
The worry we have is that a large assailant could try to create lots of addresses (somehow) and wait till he got on on the network where he wants. This is very limited in attack, possibly disturbing a single chunk, but it could have side effects. So we are more into the network doing the work.
In our case you request and address and the network does some hashing between nodes and agree on a set of hashes to add to the address, changing the address and send it back. That way we remove the possibility of a single large attacker working offline to attack us. It's interesting though for sure and maybe a similar thing, except you cannot work faster than the network, thereby thwarting the large computer attacker.
@_date: 2014-01-12 20:21:12
 ;-)
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:12:03
We did for 8 years, it's a big project and the more people who own it the better, that's all really. There are zero founders shares involved here. We believe in this to the extent all staff (AFAIK) are purchasing MaidSafeCoin (including me). 
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:38:57
If AES256 there was a proof some years back from a German University (  that due to the number of rounds inside the AES256 alg there was an attack than meant the 2^256 brute force would actually only be 2^119 or thereabouts. I am pretty sure it was a 93% reduction in attack required. (ignoring the weaker ciphers available, which leak loads anyway)
Now this is still a mammoth task, assuming the key has sufficient entropy and is not a simple one. 
It does demonstrate AES is not a perfect encryption algorithm and as such may have deficiencies not known outside the NSA. 
I doubt it but these fellas had a lot to do with choosing rijndael as the AES algorithm of choice and the number of rounds required! 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:41:21
It is not obvious but we feel it's the same vision. They are complimentary I think maidsafe can help bitcoin data parts and bitcoin allows resource exchange between people).
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:39:11










This is way less secure and inefficient (padding). The XOR stage is critical, a break in an algorithm like AES will likely also affect chunked files encrypted like this and padding easy to spot and remove. 
I think you will see now by now this is no scam and has many thought out components to it. I cannot stay to answer more now, hopefully somebody else can help, but I think it unfair you accuse us of having no tech and being a scam. I have shown clearly we have talked to many people and companies and Universities in doing this work. Even if you do not agree then cool, but scam, is inaccurate.  There is plenty of code and tests, if you think there is a weakness please feel free to break it and show me the test to do so.
Thanks for the comments but I really must go now, I have done no code for too long and I need to get ready for a plane, sorry for not being able to go on longer but I cannot beat time yet :-)
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:46:20
Check  There are some other published and we are in the process of having a few papers published now. We will be able to release the ones the conferences copyright allow (arghh I really dislike the publishing secrecy part of peer review).  
The other thing is this has been a huge undertaking full time since 2006 we never thought of it in December last year or something :-) 
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:52:02
No worries, hard to say. There is no login for people to snoop on, IP address is gone on first hop and all of this is encrypted via a key exchange that is also encrypted. I Think as the data is held inside the network itself there is no target like a server for monitoring. 
So I see Tor as closest, but essentially you come out an exit node, os in this case there is no exit node. I am not as familiar with GnuNet and the network encryption etc. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 13:27:14


Interesting. I think this is a weird infinity point. 
A perfect circle would be represented by an infinite number of parallel lines rotated around a point. If you then imagine a sphere, which is adding a dimension you have an infinite amount of circles that contain within themselves an infinity. So a finite set of an infinite number of infinities. I often think about it :-) 
The blog is really about the need to look further at the blockchain and what it actually means when people say 'this is on the blockchain'.  I believe there are many projects rushing with a 'me too' approach and it would be good to further enhance the blockchain design and implement it as a patter to allow this. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:50:22
They are all real till they fail. Where would OT store all your data? I think that project is amazing, but it's purpose is very different. They all are and I thank them all for being part of this move towards greater freedom. We have been asked to look closer at OT for a token alternative, so I mean it when I say these are good projects.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:43:45
You are a dev so logic and nobody is personal, cool. I like that. 




That's a very big missing part, sync, syncs unencrypted data to machines you know. This is different a fully mutable DHT with a zero trust model. The network is fully autonomous and driven by crypto and algorithms alone.  It's like comparing bitcoin to paypal. 




No bittorrent is public data! 




Yes again Freenet is public data. We are talking about your whole home dir being in MaidSafe, you log into any machine and it's your machine. you share with who you want what you want when you want.  A good test is to think of a **fully** distributed network you can log into, amazingly you won't find one, then wonder why and then MaidSafe :-) it's so obvious it's been hidden from us all.
Imagine starting a vault (click install running) getting the key from that and then create your own account. The network accepts the account and then you register the vault as a resource you own (cryptographically). The network lets you store share communicate etc. up to the level your resource (vault) has provided (this is shared resource so amortised across the network, so you get more for sharing with others than you would get staying disconnected and alone). 
Now you have created an account provided a resource and an autonomous network lets you 'do stuff' nobody but you and the network know this. All data is encrypted, your IP address is scrubbed on first hop, you are MiTM attack resistant now and most importantly you are Free!.
All that cost nothing no money, no privacy, nothing. You gave some resource though, and now if you use less the network will inform you that you have earned tokens, would you like to sell them to people who have no resource or need more. so you get free software, a free network, privacy , security and freedom and the thing then gives you cash!. I have not seen this before in any system :-) 




Use cases, home NAS, Dropbox type service, Youtube thing, Autonomous systems, OS login, Big Data analysis (aka Hadoop, Cassandara), single sign on services, virtual currencies  etc. these are more than static websites which I do not think is a use case listed on the site 
The number of use cases of data shared at a level well below http is huge, See my blog form some examples 


Thanks for that it's much easier. Cheers for the questions it helps everyone and helps me understand what is not clear in our docs etc. reddit is great for us for sure. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:09:40


Yes this is one of the areas we have done an awful lot of work on. (see routing library and vault libs for details). It's complex but when you see it all I think you see why people ask during presentations, why has it never been done?, it then seems easy and very logical.
I am not underestimating the cost in time and effort when I say easy, it's been extremely tough to work out all the side effects (there are many), to achieve this is necessary for autonomous networks to exist properly. 




No we cannot in this case, but the network can tell if a node is misbehaving, corrupting data or not answering questions correctly. It is dealt with quickly.
In the case of the down node whether a student or malice, the network can do a few things (it will rank the vault down further as it loses more data, not as fast as obvious malice though). 
1: Make client read only 
2: The network can prevent accss to the network by that client address (without knowing what data he has). Only connecting to that client address could a person get their data, it's entirely possible the network does this automatically and until a new vault is created to lift the account above zero then data will be held. 
This is an area bitcoin helps with as a person could buy space from another node, without knowing who owns it etc. The transaction would be purely between those two parties and if necessary an escrow agent etc. as exists in the bitcoin community today.


It's a huge issue, but I think we have gone a long way to solving it. As mentioned I believe this is pagerank for distributed system, it will get better with more eyes, after people grasp the mechnaism of rules and consencious. The other big issue for private personal storage is logn to a fully distributed system (where do you log in when there are no servers? and who gives that privalage, this is what ties vaults to users, but the network cannot tell which user owns which vault in one direction (from vault there is no way to identify owner)).  That's one of the harder parts to explain properly. Who allows access, how to do it and how can you then comminicate with others with no spoofing at all ? how much resourece should a user get and why, how does the network know etc. ?  mind twister for many months, that was.
In the junk data question, it's easy as junk data will be unique and nobody else will have stored it even (keep in mind the encryptioin, de-duplication), in that case (unique data) there is a base cost of 4X.
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:12:15
Absolutely and if we could have the network manage these payments and somehow use this to get people who cannot afford a vault on via a donation type system it would be amazing.
@_date: 2014-03-29 09:36:09
If this happens I will never post here again. A 'club' who looks to prevent others in any way to me is bad. This is the net, it's what we are. Spam is not fixed by outright banning. 
Lets welcome new accounts, tackling spam and trolls is a separate matter.  
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:05:37
It took a long while to half bake it though, you must give credit for that :-)
(We do not create new ciphers) We do however chunk data and use many cores to manage it all at once. That's not magic it's only common sense.  We did this as a test for the worlds second largest company and it was measured. 300Mb/s throughput for normal data 1Gb for our chunked data running over many cores to SSD drives. 
No magic, well no more than the electric light or a telephone, although many claimed that was also crap :-)
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:04:41
Internally uses cfb so I cannot see a weaker cbc being the outcome. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 10:37:32
Man hours would be several decades fro sure (say team of six for six years and that would be close).
Lines of code has decreased a lot, we had several million lines but refactored with generic programming. Last time I looked via sloccount (with the large code base) the cost was over £20M. I think now that would be down (crazy line of code counting IMHO) I would think it would be down to less than 10 Million,
Spoke briefly with Dan at bitshares about them using their DNS for selecting public names. It would not be for DNS as you know it though. Only a five minute meet, but we will see how that goes. Its the communities project now so the mailing list will ultimately decide I recon. 
Cheers for the questions though
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:07:50
Yes I have, this is not onion routing. Tor is great for it's purpose though.
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:06:21
This is solved, it's not about paying cash, you can pay with validated resources. The company I work for has developed such a system. It is massively complex under the hood, but after the initial shock it's sensible.
The idea is supply a resource like disk space, if you lose the resource or go away then when you come back you supply the same resource to get access to your data again. 
It requires many interlinked components and proof of anything will not solve that. It requires a hard payment like a resource such as disk space etc. something the network can actually put to use logically and not something the network needs to be told is valuable. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 12:48:40


These are what the discussions could develop. It is possible for the blockchain to co-exist I believe. If the maidsafe network was widely used with many projects that we could consider it owned by enough of us that it's safe (in terms of stability, security and longevity) then it may be worth considering the blockchain fully distributing on the maidsafe network alone. Then there would be a simple API to check a transaction and another to perform a transaction. 
To me a co-located blockchain would give us some security for now. I am going to Berlin this week and hopefully will pursue this with some of the community in person if I can.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:55:04
Do you have a technical question that is specific? 
The docs are all on github and you can find more on Google Scholar if that works better for you. I am pretty sure there will be plenty of technically capable people around if you think people here are not well enough equipped to answer. 
I feel confident the inventor would have a slim chance of being capable though :-)
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:35:57


This is a common thought it's more accurate to say 
So they are valuing the Safecoin technology at ~$121 million 10 years from now when all coins are farmed (or built).
Thanks for the support though, great to see.  
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:45:29
Be aware I am no blogger, This is just a dumping ground for my ideas and thoughts. Interested in a better future though.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:14:22


Yes pretty quickly. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:25:40
I have spoken with Vint Cerf about this a few times and I am pretty sure he knows also what the internet is and isn't. Control of Internet based services in indeed centralised. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:23:42
See the self encryption library and papers.  It's very close to OTP type systems without stating it's a OTP of course. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 14:30:48
This one can be answered as you suggest :-) no!
I am a dev in this project and have said many times, Bitcoin will be around forever, it may have a different name, different code and a different structure, but it started something that IMHO will never die now. safecoin is possibly a progression and like bitcoin will have no owners, so this is in all our ownership and if it's an improvement, then great. 
I see safecoin == cash and bitcoin == ledger for now if I had to give an opinion. Of course I have many opinions here  
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:01:35


This is why we have the thread. Not everything needs to live in the same ledger or blockchain. It may prove beneficial to the decentralized data networks, but may not. We are encouraging debate there. In terms of the token system it is likely to be a Mastercoin enabled currency, or a currency using Mastercoin tech  on the blockchain. It will be linked with bitcoin as it's too good to resist. Bitcoin as a foundation currency of the Decentralized Internet seems very logical. The mail thread will go on for many days/weeks though. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:39:30
Coinbase valuation is a based on a forward looking investment figure, bitcoin is current value. These are different 'values'. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:23:31


We use this facet as well. I had a Stanford crypto professor disagree with me on this issue, but he did eventually agree.
@_date: 2014-01-18 21:17:15
I am glad they are at least trying, the community needs things like this to be out there and these guys probably need our support. I think when you comment you should wonder will this comment inspire them to deliver or kick them in the teeth and slow them down?
I say keep going guys the community needs you and the likes of you to succeed, don't rush security!
Even a few months would not kill us, a rushed product with a weakness will. If anything perhaps them releasing **all** source and developing in the open would allow others to help and see progress. That's also a security issue, behind closed doors lies dragons :-)
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:23:20
We are hoping to help here. I intend to make a proposal to bitcoin dev for help next week, when we have finalised some tests.  
Here is a very brief overview (so far)
I am part of a team that have created a network system over the last 7 years (non stop, lots of work). In short this is a system that
Creates a network that's autonomous and self-healing, allowing people to access it and store/share/publish their own data (any data, inc. communication, currency etc.)  free of charge or intrusion. In addition we have tackled many issues regarding security and privacy, including:
1: Logical security of data via methods beyond encryption algorithms
2: Physical security through an autonomous network with cryptographically secure identification and no human intervention
3: The ability to log into your own data (not a server) wherever it may be (nobody knows where it is).
This is done by splitting data into many chunks and distributing them far and wide. Essentially this allows people to walk up to any computer or phone and log into it as though it were their own computer, without any company providing servers or space as that would reduce security.
In such a system the network can keep note of a coin being spent easily, preventing the double spend problem, whilst giving very fast transaction times. It also can distribute the blockchain freeing up lots of resource and allowing scale of the bitcoin network. This is a very complex network though and bootstraping is an issue that we can take care of, it would be phenomenal to have the bitcoin community help us out if that's a possibility.
This system also provides users with a very low resource node that rewards users for running them by them giving and receiving disk space to allow secure data storage etc.). To me it helps with two main problems, scale (blockchain) and the assuredness of network nodes existing. 
This is an inquisitive email only and I have not gone into too much detail, much more is available (with all source code etc.). We have finalised the code bar some late testing, but expect Alpha status in weeks rather than months, especially if we can get some technical early adopters to help us out (BTW this help to improve the &gt;50% problem)
 (overview video)
 (the crux and code ;-) )
Any comments welcomed.
@_date: 2014-01-12 22:58:39
Comments inline, please forgive any typo's


Thanks for that.








Yes we are looking to get this down to less than 5 minutes. 






No problem (I am pretty brutal and honest, so hope you won't read this as negative)
The idea was hatched between 2002 and 2006, with thoughts regarding the structure the internet was taking and the issues over the value of data and handing that to others. I felt it would become the most precious of all commodities. I also really life Feynman and his approach of 'if you cannot find it in nature, it's wrong' and I felt the Internet was not shaping up to mimic nature and it should. Something was very wrong with servers, third parties etc. holding data and access to communications etc.
2006 : Presented the solution to friends who invested some cash, small amounts but a lot for each of them. 
2006-2007 I spent in Brno in the Czech Republic where English is not spoken much if at all, so I could concentrate on actually making this design work. It was torture and would not want to do it again. Many days of loads of baths, naps and walking around parks :-) Took on more investment. Moved to a mechanism of continuous investment so we only took what we needed to survive, it cost a lot of my time presenting and doing all the paperwork at nights, but we have a great bunch of investors. We owe a lot to many people and all of us are in awe of the support these folk have had for us, particularly the early investors. 
2007-2008: Hired some developers to code in python.
2008: Presented at Google scalability conference, recieved an awful lot of interest, which took us by suprise. 
2008-2009 Python was not workign for us (memory leaks in long running vaults, amongst other things etc.) started moving to c++
2009-2010 Initial c++ rework, common, encrypt, drive and private libs completed. 
2010-2011 We took on a 'professional' CEO, lost that time completely , I recommend no startup does this unless they are completely incapable of thought. We did carry out some tests with the NHS in the UK though which was good as we could show improvements in data de-duplication that were factors better than Microsoft etc. Not all was lost, but our eye was off the MaidSafe network goal and the developers were all working on a different agenda. It was thought we would make a big sale, fund MaidSafe and take all the pressure off, it was not to be :-)
I spent a long time that year presenting to Universities and meeting professors, all with great feedback and no negative issues or findings. We still do work with them as much as possible.
2011:2012 completing c++ code (move to c++11) and looked to launch in September 2012. The vault network and various other parts did not work as they should (it's almost impossible to test this network, I think of it like a brain, until the whole thing is up and running then it's difficult if not impossible to test, even mocking). We had a team issue and had to change the team, 60% of the developers were lost in that transition, for the best I think. Just prior to that we took on a team from a marketing company who have been integrating. These were investors and very interested and driven people, there were some scary times and weird messages, but it's much better now. We have a more dedicated team on web, UI design and help to cope with the admin etc. That lets the developers get the code done (or should :-) ). It's a very technical and hard to explain project though and all help is good. 
Sep 2012-Now The team have been flat out rewriting the vault library (the network) and we have had considerable flak, mostly internally (self deprication) for not catching the issues with the system beforehand. I then have spent most of the time in the dev team (as opposed to almost 0% during the days), helping to ensure the design is coded as percieved and the smaller team is extremely tight and know each others code. It has been unbelievably difficult and tremendous pressure to do that, but it's done now. 2013 was not a great year for us, extremely tough work and of course some people asking constantly what's happening and I recieved many emails and phone calls to ask if we are complete, each one reduces my time on code, so I don't sleep much, none of the guys do (see commit activity). I understand all the enquiries though so it's a quandry.
We have been very driven though to get to code complete as we really believe this is a project the world needs and we will do it anyway. I think the developers would all do this for no salary if they could afford to. It is that important.
Now we are at the exciting time and in house tests have been great so far. The system seems to be behaving as we would expect and the remaining tests will iron out any issues. It's a pretty amazing thing to see it all in it's glory. We will shake the world with this I am sure.


Over the years we have looked at many of these systems and none has an autonomus network. The ability to join a network in an unknown capacity, create and account and store private data was paramount for us. We could not use any web of trust models and wanted to rely on a system that no matter what the people controlled. By that I mean the individual (not developers). When an account s created then the ability to log in anywhere with a client and get all your data, communications and programs had to be instinctive, and irrevokable. We could also not allow any centralised system at all, no authentication servies, no tokens, no visibility you use the system at all.  We have not found this design anywhere.


This is a huge question and could take pages, essentially, it would provide a safe storage for any persons wallet, retrieveable from any device (we do need to add mobile etc. it's all cross platform code). This should make things simpler.
Next we can provide very private (public) shares at the disk level, so this means public ID's (you can have as many as you wish). Then people can do anything the internet does (web sites, blogs etc.) easily and in a manner that's extremely secure and private (non traceable, unless your public ID is attached to other communications mechnisms or you tell people). This allows private secure exchange of digital data and communications. There are a tone of advantages to this. 
Lastly (for now), the Maidsafe network is a key value store for many data types (mutable, key, immutable etc.). Transactions can be stored there permenantly and irreversibly. To check if a coin is spent a simple RPC call is made, transactions could be almost instantly confirmed, plus no ability to tie these to any individual, except the single person in the transaction. I would hope each transaction can become a stand alone issue, i.e. you can tell an address (wallet) has a coin now and it's not been spent. Then the network validates and performs the transaction and it's stored in a distributed manner that anyone can query if they ask for that specitic transaction (the network allows no searching at the network data level). This all will require some in depth talks with the bitcoin developers though as it will likely involve a core protocol change. I believe we can make this happen though via adding persona's to the network to handle currency. It will take our developers and the bitcoin developers some meetings to confirm all this though. It will allow massive scaling that will not require the blockchain transmitted everywhere and with the MaidSafe network requiring people have vault space (a node) to operate then the network will have validation nodeas available at all times. Users get advantiges by doing this (they get space to store and communicate).
I think this part is vital to everyone and not possible without a network that is completely autonomous, otherwsie humans are involved and that never works.




I hope this answers some questions, at least in part.  We pretty much hide nothing so it's warts and all with us. I think in the security field the more open the better. 
For me you can search my email address david.irvine and see some history as well, if it helps.
Thanks for the question and please do ignore typo's (firefox on ubuntu does not spell check in reddit for some reason)
@_date: 2014-01-16 08:45:51
This is an idea, in our case the ability actually prove the work even after a long period of time is not acceptable. It's worth some thought though. 
Issue is, we need nodes to connect fast, but never in a location of their choice. That is why it's a combination of generating keypairs and doing a store, then getting an ID passed back that will work. It becomes a problem similar to the blockchain as a hacker has to go back to the network start and create his own network, in which case we are OK as long as the networks do not join in any way. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:13:57
Would be great if Richard Branson now employed some people with bitcoin (even on contract) and perhaps could buy some parts, at least computers at target or overstock etc.  
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:20:00
 will help I hope.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:45:07


Only the last couple I think ;-) Usary used to be illegal and forbidden by nearly all religions 
Good point though.
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:54:24


This is the sort of thing we have been designing and implementing for the last 7 years. It's a completely different way of thinking.  The network trusts nobody or no single node. The trust is address based closeness based on cryptographically secure network joining process. Group consensus is key, creating a group is near impossible, it's very random. Internally it can classify transactions of many kinds. very much like the blockchain on a per transaction locked in time but distributed. There are hundreds of these patterns involved.  
If we put the current bitcoin blockchain on Maidsafe it would be extremely scalable but would not function like a ledger to be scrutinized. This way though is perhaps the easiest way to imagine the distributed data approach (no centralised ledgers, everything distributes). So there are benefits but differences. I like the differences as I do not think it's anyone's business what happens to my bitcoin transaction or my data and communications. 
You can see some of this in our recent blog entries maidsafe.net/blog/ or on my blog where I discuss it a lot.
blog:  
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:09:44
Interesting chat


If you check the vault pages in our wiki  you will see the network has a maths based PKI system internally, nodes apply for addresses and the closest to the address (hash of public key + revokation token). The network then in a prescribed fashion alters the actual address of the requested key and passes this back to the node. The node can then use this address and all other nodes will find his public key at that address. 
When I say autonomous, I mean the network makes many decisions on where, how and when to store data and when to move it around. It also enforces dynamic riules on number of replicants and cache copies. In addition it can de-rank nodes who misbehave and this is network wide (no humans at all). 
Like Feenet/Tajoe etc. we have a zero trust model, assume everyone has the source code and can attack from any angle.




The data we have is self encrypting (convergant encryption) and nobody knows which passwords etc. were used, but the same password will be used for the same peice of data network wide. No user input to the encryption of data. We do not believe encryption is good enough and we must go further, we do not trust any algorithm on it's own at any point in the network and use a mixture of chunks, AES (or similar for obfuscation, not encryption) and xor with some compression as well for efficiency and further creation of non repeating data outputs to the hashed and used as inputs to encrypt other chunks. This gives system wide deduplication at the encrypted chunk level.
I am not 100% sure of freenet's encryption mechnism, but I believe what we are doing is not common.  






When I say every device I mean you are not tied to any device at all. There will be a requirement for the client code to exist in some form on that device, bit no identifying data at all. 
These are clients though, the vault components are different (the network nodes) these cannot decrypt any data peices at all and can only protect data and communications. They encrypt between themselves bu t have no visibility of any data or comms in the plain. 


Yes you are right about that difference, at least part of the difference. 
Quid pro quo, users can put garbage on if they want. It will eat up their disk space at a rate 4X faster than good data. We will keep their garbage safe though :-) 




I agree, although these projects are very different, I suppose you can look at it like this (and they can all be bent out of shape to something else)
Alll designed at the core or moving towards moving to anonymity via serverless and distributed environment. I believe the core principles the projects had to begin with were along the following lines:
1: Freenet - Anonymous and protected publishing (i.e. wikileaks etc. should love this).
2: Tahoe - (at minimum) Personal data backup on a distributed network. (can use web of trust or move to more anonymous overlays)   
3: MaidSafe - Distribute public, private, and private shared data and communications.
I hope this above precis does not offend, it's an example and possible not 100% accurate, feel free to 'fix'
They all offer similar things and have similar issues I am sure, it's hard to get these systems right. In our case we cannot tell if the system works without bootstrapping a network of several hundred machines to see how they interact via the address based concensus to get around the Byzantine Generals problem and cross routers and NAT tables fully encrypted (so even an NSA controlled router is not a problem). Our routing table is 64 nodes, so we must have 64 * several nodes to even remotely measure these things.  If you check the code and wiki you will see huge issues, hopefully solved, like synchronisation of data on an ever changing network of public nodes (which was a nightmare). I am sure Freenet and Tahoe have similar issue to cope with. 
The great thing is were all Open Source, folk can see what we are all doing and who knows, there will likely be crossover all going well. I know zooka and some of us here at MaidSafe make appearences on the cryptopp mailing list helping each other and others, so that's cool, I hope so anyway, I would hate any of the three (and the rest) projects out there to reinvent a wheel.  
Cheers again for the points though, it's hard to cover everything all the time, so these questions are great to get things in the open. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:52:41
Think the API went live about an hour ago. The examples should be well on way now. Jump on the mailing list, it's got all the latest dev news like this. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 01:23:06




Yes this is correct. The client would become read only and could not add more data, edit, message etc. There is an option to actually remove access all together, but we have not implemented that rule. It's easy to implement, but then again how we handle th person who takes off for a year trecking or maybe two years and their vault goes off line. We cannot delete the data or have the network ban access. So we have gone for the easier option. If we did find there was a lot of freeloaders then we can stop them, it just may impact decent people too. 
Of course nothing  we do is fixed in stone, these rules are open for debate for sure. Again it's a reason for many eyes.  I think it's like PageRank and will always get tweaked.


If your vault restarts it's OK. You will not notice any impact as a user. Your vault holds none of your data (normally). It holds other data (random) and the network will make copies of any data it needs. There is a minimum 2 copies and at 2 there is another 4 stored. The network keeps donw nodes and up nodes and balances these. So your vault can go off-line and not impact much data. If it's off for long then data will start to be deleted from it and your vault rank will decrease with every chunk lost due to inactivity. Rank is (available space * (stored space/ lost space)) at zero the node may be taken down from the network. 




don't worry, questions are great and force us to make sure we have everything right. Thanks for them. It's a paradigm shift for sure, so needs a lot of questions (an awful lot). 
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:05:26
When did you last log into bittorrent and recover your private data ? 
I am being to unkind, but this is a very small part of the maidsafe network, but should be enough to show the difference. No trust networking fully distributed and simple click and you are providing resources. There is a ton more. I hope this helps you see some of the differences. Imagine this network now could run everything the internet does and that's only the tip of the iceberg. No snooping begging or apps being banned etc. this is something completely different. 
[edit typo]
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:39:39
We know, if you look in our github repo's you will see a simulations project with 18 months simulations (by various uni based students and PHD's) , I do not think they are that valid. Real world testing is best. Until then we have ideas, but not concrete results. Neither does anyone, we will find out soon enough though :-) Until then we can all only surmise. I am optimistic, you are maybe not. I believe, however any surprises will be fixed by better algorithms. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 06:41:19
Think of the MaidSafe network now project SAFE as a huge TOR network where the actual data exists within it. No exit nodes to insecure Internet, all data distributed to all connected machines in a manner that's unreadable by anyone including the network. Only owners get it, unless they make it public and then it can be recreated by anyone (still no data exists in readable form on any machine though) this is all real time building of data at a users request. 
It can be represented locally on a VFS (usb like drive) or via an application such as a web browser type device. 
Also think of project SAFE as the Internet and Netscape 0.8 there is a way to go but the foundation is solid and the goals are lofty, but essential. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:04:11
It is being used as a tutorial now for others.
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:19:38




That is what we do, although the compression stage is not that important in the security part of this. I tend to ignore it. 


This is where I think not, we do not want to leak file information based on the file size either. This reduces the overall set of possible files that can be identified. i.e. you know you are looking for a file of Xbytes in size the whole file encryption then exposes info.  Even using a compress encrypt xor this would be a worse situation than chunks. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 20:22:12
No, but I have created a seperate post to focus on this a bit more with the help of the community. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:21:45


Think bitcoin, a very distributed decentralised computer that's more powerful that all the top 500 supercomputers. Now expand that up to all home computers. 
For low latency random access to huge data sets then I assume you are talking ultra fast bus technology like a massive trading platform or the likes of number crunching NASA computers. Then again you need to think of SETI and those distributed computing systems. 
If the system is designed for decentralisation many amazing things can happen. If it's designed for ultra SCSI or purely 'in memory tables' then that's another thing. In brainstorming mode now think of distributed access to memory in a massively decentralised manner with Internet speeds approaching fast bus speeds. 
It's all possible, just requires a design process that looks at the exponential growth in bandwidth, RAM, disk space (not access times) and cpu. Take all of those and design for it. That's the difference. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:32:02
[employee] The details and debates about the particulars of a token based approach are currently ongoing in our mailing list. We hope to announce something very soon and I think you will like it. Anyway if you have some input please check it out and help contribute thoughts and ideas. We appreciate them all. 
This is an important step for us that was not available when we started the project. It is an exciting time.  Bitcoin has enabled us to look closely at this. I hope in the future the data components of bicoin (blockchain, wallets) can all benefit from data decentralization. 
It would be great for folk to contribute and I do hope we can all get the Internet fully Decentralized quickly. I also hope for lots of competition and improvements. We just need to be very factual and clear in what we say.
Please join this discussion and help with the economics of the token system and introduction of this in a mathematically controlled manner. It will be great.
The list is here, feel free to dive in and comment. 
Look for the proof of resource token thread. There are many more with many published papers how the system works 
So lets do something amazing and give the world the security and freedom it deserves? A vision is a vision it's not something you own you can only share it.
I am delighted there are people with this vision.
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:45:56
This is not what the code does. there is no storing of a private key to log in. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 19:28:56
Raised capital from many investors in the past 20 years and now. Just as an aside how would you describe it?  (no offense taken)
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:04:00
Yes as it stands. It can be deleted, but we do not yet. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:38:41


Interesting, do you have a link for that (i2p mode) so I can find more. I recodnise zooko in that project, he is a pretty impressive dev and very active. I have seen the Taho-LAFS project a few times, but have not equated it to Maidsafe apart from personal data storage (not the other services.). They take bitcoin donations though, so I like that as well. Anyone doing distributed services is good in my books, the more the merrier.
@_date: 2014-01-25 21:11:28
Me too. Hopefully not long though.
@_date: 2014-02-24 10:03:27




Only tha has, but only the datamanager would have a chance (unless from cache). To become a data manager for a chunk is very difficult and this will tell you the maidManager group but not back to the user. Also the user login has no relation to the ID used fro data store/recovery so there are a load of things that make identifying an ID as grabbing data. 


Yes this is the case




Well sort of the password for each file in held in a data map, the data map is part of the metadata of the directory. The directory id plus the ID of it's parent can provide the password for that file. I hope this make sense. The passowrd you have is only used to decrypt the keys and root directories of your data. This is the self authentication system, the wiki has a good description and papers. 
**But essentially you can think of it that you have the password.**


Yea sorry I missed it. Reddit is weird at times I cannot sometimes fathom what gets upvoted or killed like that. 


Yes this is the case, but then there is no way to get at those chunks, this is the physical security and would mean compromising a full group of datamanagers (one group per chunk) and this is amazingly difficult (better explained as extremely computationally infeasible)


All the payload is encrypted and the same issue happens, unless the ISP can become a valid node (MaidManager, which is client manager) then sniffing even the next hop is difficult. It is possible but extremely difficult. It could be made impossible if we did introduce geographic distance (based on triangulated rtt time) which would force the groups apart. We do not do that at the moment though.


It may, but the routing we do is very different from TOR, it's the same thing in terms of hiding IP addresses etc. but we go for as efficient a route as possible and each hope is a message modifier or validator step. We also like taking different routes at each stage if we can.  


Yea it's been a mental few weeks, I think bitcoin will be way stronger after all this Gox thing dies off one way or another. I cannot wait
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:52:28


That would be well appreciated for sure. Please feel free and accept my thanks for helping, it's really amazing the different views and people here. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:38:10
You will be able to very easily supply resources or buy some if you cannot. You should not be able to steal them though. In true bitcoin style you will buy resources from other people, directly with no company involvement. So yes a token does that and empowers everyone. 
Our proof of resource means the 'mining' wastes no power, every bit of space mined will be useful for people. It includes cpu/bandwidth and storage in the resource computation. 
This will be the network of the people by the people for the people. It's a ton of reading but if you do you will see how amazing it can all be. With partner companies now building on top of this the world will look very different very quick.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:51:21
No problem. 50% will not own the network. For us the 'network is' is a term we use a lot, it's a large programmed data and comms network that executes code depending on what's happening. We do refer to various ID's and personas  by name in the office. The main thing is people do nothing on the vault network except provide the resources, the network is programmed to work with those resources and ensure the data etc. is secure. 
On the client side it's a very different story though, users control nearly everything there. When we get to apps then the language is very different and then you are right, the network does .. would become frustrating. 
Cheers though, good digging.
@_date: 2014-02-15 18:07:39






I just re-read this a few times and I think I missed your main point. This is indeed a great way of describing how complimentary projects can co-exist. It will be great to have your commentary as we get out to the market. I hope there are some announcements due soon (maybe in Austin)  that will encourage these thought further.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:25:31


Cheers and glad for the debates we have.
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:55:53
Think of mesh networking etc. for some examples of this. Also as as DHT network grows the binary tree balances and efficiency increases. we use that paradigm in most of our algorithms for securing and delivering data. The growth will not be linear I do not think, it should be more exponential. If we have said linear it is likely wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:54:38
It's privacy, security and freedom of all of our digital lives. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 23:28:29
I upvoted you there and left that in place. Your comment does not tie in with your account activity though ? 0 days ? 
Want to believe, but thats a bit weird.
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:58:56
Ok yer wrong :-) It's a radically different proposition. Check the website out or github, the wiki has a load of info there. The differences are obvious but this is a large proposition.  is a good starting point. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:21:32


I have no idea (and do not wish to guess) what value it will be in ten years,. I know it's not $121 million today though. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:00:29
That's not this, it's the meshnet guys. I for one am really keen on them joining and they are. Check out OpenLibernet they have some really nice ideas and synergy with this kind of model. They fix the last mile for us all.
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:12:09




After this though the XOR process is used, this is the reason for the larger key. This is very hard to explain in such a forum.
@_date: 2014-03-29 13:06:50
Of course, better yet I got more at $500 and am delighted. This is not about worth though, it's about what each transaction achieves. This is us building a better world, I am helping there and that is way more important than the price.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:47:39
I do and speak to investors a bit to explain these things. Imagine asking einstein to explain relativity and saying it must be poor if you cannot do it quickly, or Henry Ford with cars, or Edison with lights, or Aristotle with maths etc. I am in no way saying I am any of these, but large improvements to mankind are more difficult than a soundbite in many cases (not all). An 'app for that' model is easier. It's all a balance I think. 
To replace all internet services with a more efficient privacy enhancing and ecologically sound replacement does conjure up some questions immediately. I suppose like electric cars or hover boards. I so appreciate your sentiment and hope you understand my position, this is reddit and saying 2+2=4 requires proof from many people from many angles. 
I am particularly poor at fast explination but 100% of investor presentations I have done in our office led to investment. It's not all wrong all the time, but an hour is sometimes not enough for me. It's maybe my deficiency and likely is. did any innovator find it easier, I don't know. (don't even like the innovator label)
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:27:56
More than welcome and thanks.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:34:23


They are both data unavailable triggers. The data is considered off-line but may come back on line. We keep a lot of them per chunk, we never trust it will come back though, but if the node is off too long then it's lost and the node is de-ranked. When the node comes back on it's data is checked and if it cannot answer an integrity check the de-rank is tougher on it.  
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:12:46
Yes we did look at this a while back, Java :-( which is probably OK, but the biggest issue was the lack of guaranteed discoverability of data. If you take a look at the maidsafe-routing (used to be maidsafe-dht) you can see we have rewritten kademlia with reliable UDP to give very fast (sub 20ms at times) network reconfiguration. This allows us to guarantee when you ask which nodes should be responsible for something (say point to data, manage data store nodes, etc.) that you get the actual closest to the target.  
This is important in Maidsafe as nodes act as different things (personas) based on the message type and address, so a node may manage the location of some data, actually store some other data, manage a client connection and so on. All actions are decided on by closesness to an address and the position of that closeness in relation to the action request.  This means everything does not need signed for validation from clients etc. but also groups of nodeas around an item have authority to perform certain actions. 
It sounds contrived, but provides immense security, a bad node cannot even join the network at a prescribed location without considerable effort and even then the group around the node manage each other and each is managed by other groups etc. So nodes can be ranked and the network act on any inconsitencies and eventually drop the node off the network. 
Nodes can be demoted to client status, i.e. in the network but not responsible for routing information, sort of a virtual jail. 
All this requires the high speed reconfiguration and closeness guaranees though. Interestingly closeness is not bi-directional. Node A can be close to node B, but node B may not be close to node A! (xor and node distribution). Thats explained in the maidsafe-routing wiki. 
I hope this helps (I hope it's at least comprehensible, a lot of my writings are not, so shout if anythings weird)
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:42:10
If it cannot be decrypted then is it data, i.e. is a binary 1 on a network a part of a illegal thing or a binary 1. It's a message we cannot get right, but there is a difference between something that can become something through a transformation and a thing being what it is untransformed. I know it's all more phsyc than maths this particular case. 
I fully accept your argument though and many of us have debates on these issues. 
If say it was a one time pad (and I am not saying it is, but I love the debate over it, the answer seems to be there is no  such thing as there is no true random data) and was perfect secrecy. Is it then an image if its a jumbled up chunk of what was that image which is then made perfectly secret and the result was a tiny part of the data that used to be an image ? Personally I feel the answer is yes and no, I cannot come down on a side with a fully reasoned argument. It's possibly best to say chunks of highly encrypted and obfuscated data will be on all machines and only the user can assemble them into data that is recognisable. 
I think a strong argument is that if a person had those images locally encrypted then he still has them. So if he has part of them that cannot in themselves create the images he may be complicit but not owning them, I don't know. I have not slept much tonight and have to rush to meetings now. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:09:47
Thank you very much, it is way more important than any company or group, I believe these issues are preventing us moving forward and innovating as a species. More importanly in the short term, I believe it's the problems we look to solve that hold people in poverty around the world. People in general are more than happy to share, it's in our nature and what we have eveloved to understand, but borders and regulations hold large parts of the world in hunger and others in hatred. We will get it done for sure. Thanks again
@_date: 2014-01-13 08:10:46
Unfortunately not, we will be creating blog entries though as we progress. There will be a call for alpha testers as well, so please feel free to help out. Thanks again.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:47:22
My comment is 100% correct :-)
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:57:17


That's right if Satoshi had said that redditors would have chimed in, cash is not an auditable entity this is etc. IT's a quick note to put you in the right direction.I have seen bitcoin called a huge number of things, i.e. the currency, store of wealth etc. I am not sure even today people can explain it simply, Reddit and the net is full of I have finally explained bitcoin stories. 




I could say it is like dropbox and youtube and a web site and amazon and google and a distributed cash system and a ...
These are things you can do with it. So it's like saying paint is that wall over there. Then folk think that wall is all the paint can do. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:26:26




Yes it's pretty steep.




I do not think it's the same as a KDF from the same chunk. We have had an awful lot of people on whiteboards with this one. There is something I am not explaining and I cannot figure what it is. Sorry about that.




Chunk zero and one are held in temp buffers (you will see in the file) when the last chunk is complete (or file closed) the whole process wraps itself up (see flush()) and writes the chunks that require writing. There is a load of synchronisation at this stage. This is why the class has so many data members. We would really like a month of peace to rewrite that.
You will see the data pipeline and the extraction of chunks of XMb as they are ready. There is two buffer types for read and write to allow the file to be written to at any point in any order (even overwritten in parts). This is all necessary as the encrypt lib is connected to the Drive and is affected by the filesystem API calls. These are able to happen in almost any order. 
The diagram shows the process as though the data was synchronously written, in reality this is far from the case though. The tests will show you what we had to do to emulate such behaviour.
Oh yes it is modulo operations to wrap around the chunks. 
Hope this helps a bit.
@_date: 2014-04-18 06:36:50
[MaidSafe employee, project SAFE contributor now] 
You are correct. In the SAFE network data is encrypted and obfuscated as well as shareded. The network cannot decrypt data and holds no passwords. Only a client can login and recreate their file-systems. The login is controlled (and created) by the user who decides to create an account or not, nobody can stop anyone creating an account and nobody can monitor this either. It has to be like that to have a chance of providing freedom. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:33:03


No they don't (there fixed that for ye :-) )
@_date: 2014-10-19 13:31:53
Yip the lack of personal or business agenda really shines in this group. I think there is still some personal bias and ego, but very slight and understandable. For me it keeps me up to date with many projects, good and bad and is very balanced in the view. I think this will grow into something a good bit bigger and hopefully even more decentralised. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:26:16
Some people did and told us, we refunded them back or they would have been wasted as they could not receive MSAFE. They may have bought in again from other wallets, but we managed to get to them and save some people losing out.
All the time watching ourselves being slated in bitcointalk for being mt gox or something, pretty amazing. I wish bitcointalk did not do this kind of thing it's bad for all the community.  Oh well. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:07:23


We're Scottish not terrified. It's a different thing. If you check google scholar and check the papers you will see this is what we have been doing since 2006, no surprises or pivot required. I want privacy security and freedom for all the worlds people, I don't care how it happens.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:42:11
Between zero and one there is an infinity of numbers.
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:35:08


The point is how would you do that? To guess an input hash (pair at least) you would require to have the actual exact file with no alterations at all. This is where we have the debates (good debates) the content of a single chunk has to be guessed (cannot be calculated). 
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:05:43
Nobody holds 'data' it's close to impossible to decrypt this, see the papers. What is stored in bits of encrypted/obfuscated data. 
As far as who uses it, **then everyone**. All the groups you mention could use high encryption to do what you say. As far as we are concerned we will supply **Privacy Security and Freedom to everyone on the planet**. Good and bad people will use all inventions (cars. phones, planes etc.) 
I do not believe that full access to everyone all the time is good or logical. I don not believe that we can stop these actions by snooping. I do believe that police-work and society can fix a lot. Education is paramount, but I have to meet the car manufacturer with a terrorist resistant seat or the knife vendor who has a stabbing resistant knife etc. 
I do not need or want to convince everyone of these issues, these are issues for humanity and should never be reasons not to innovate. If you think the internet is not hosting such materials then I think you are being misled by somebody. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:49:55
Good point, I will hope to do that in a week. Thanks for the tip and your right do not want to detract from the OP.
@_date: 2014-01-15 11:14:56


Think freenet in darkent mode but on any publically connected computer and able to store and share private information and publish data to anyone (like todays web) as well. So like freenet in mixed mode, the security and anonymity of darnket mode on public networks/computers.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:43:04
WMDs all over again, lets get Ukraine, bad mouth Europe (as he is losing the battle to stay) and force through transatlantic trade agreements that will kill the NHS and allow government more professional ~~bribery~~ lobbying by super corporations.  
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:59:42
I hope this is a green light. It's not about how much a bitcoin is worth that's the point or barrier etc. people can buy fractions of coins as we all know. This is about another countries people being able to prosper in a world where money is protected, fair and simple. 
Bitcoin is not a get rich scheme it's a new way of working in a fairer and more equal society. I really hope India joins for the sake of the Indian people, not so anyone's bitcoin is worth more, thats ancillary.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:28:33
[maidsafe employee] Also weird is I am sure we would have noticed 64000 BTC coming in. Bad thing though is stories like that make us all seem bad in the eyes of the world. Imagine sellers of goods thinking, what if I get some of those? Will I get slandered all over the net? 
It's dangerous and we need to protect bitcoin form that kind of madness.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:28:18
Yea folks do, understandable. The crowd sale creates project SAFE and removes MaidSafe from ownership, which we are delighted about. So this will now be project Secure Access For Everyone which is better. Lets make it work now though. That will be the hard bit. All the heavy lifting is done, technically it works but politically we need to push this hard. If not this something that achieves the same thing. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:41:29
 Mine does in his bitcoin wallet, his brain is a beagleboard. Stored it there last month.
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:36:49
confirmed (I am a dev there) 
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:02:26
The video on the site is the closest (I had to google ELI5 :-) ) . We hope to have a preview of an overview paper this week coming. We will post that. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 11:18:54
Sorry, the significant differences are 
1: Autonomous network
2: Self encrypting data
3: Self authentication and login from any device.
There are other major differences, kinda like tahoe/freenet et all' they are in the same space like a bunch of websites, but all different, with similar goals I think and that's a good thing. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 09:50:12
Yes you are right, a keylogger etc. would pwn the user completely. We are investigating 2fa type ideas and I imagine we will end up there, but it's not straightforward just yet as all solutions depend on servers and we cannot allow that, I feel.
I recently got some Yubi Keys to do some experiments with and there are some even more whaky ideas. We have data dispersal tools, so we could share n+p data amongs friends for recovery etc. 
This is the last area of attack we can see in the system and we will launch with this attack vector in place I think (to get out). It's an area I think the communitiy can help with when we fully detail the login process. I would love others to come up with applications for sure, but also solutions to some of the future direction. This technology cannot belong to us, as soon as the investors are paid back it has to become fully owned by everone.
Since it's inception I have always made sure this network will be available to everyone and more importantly as soon as possibly owned by everyone. As long as no large company can take over in the meantime (hence patents and things which are a shame but probably necessary in todays world). We make sure nobody is prevented from using the ideas and code though, that's one of my top priorities. 
thanks again for the positive comment, it's great to see. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:01:28
We are talking to Ethereum and hope they can enable such things easily now there is a data location that's as fair as bitcoin is :-)
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:08:26
 explains the managers. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:19:38


Do you have a proof for this as nearly everyone we have spoken with at length agree this is in not a possible attack on this system. As I said though all critique is good in crypto so its appreciated.
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:29:28


Absolutely there will be. The self encryption mechanism provides real time data de-duplication (and compression). This is due to no user input (convergent encryption plus a wee bit more). There are many figures banded about, but the average from companies would seem to be a saving of approx 95%. This is a global system so may be more.




At the moment it's configured like this: Any unique data is 'paid' for *4, any existing data is paid *1. Any data you have existing is paid *0 (so many copies are almost no cost, there is a tiny data map cost for now, but it's extremely small (several k mostly)) 
There are personas built into each vault though and these can calculate network free space (within reason). The intention is the network will recaculate costs in real time, so the above costs may be multiplied by a redundancy factor (less than 1) if deduplication is doing a good job. It's measurable and therefor we can act on it. It will not be like this in version 1.0 though, we will have to test this pretty thouroughly. For version 1.0 you can go with the 4X or 1X as examples for now. Even though if you end up with using 1.3Gb to store 1Gb, it will be protected data so you never used a backup disk etc. 
We imagine it will be fair, the space savings will be able to be monitored by anyone so the network has to act fairly (it's not really a MaidSafe company call, but a network call).




At the moment in this case your client would go read only. We see there is a potential hack, but the way the network works we cannot (and neither can it) tell which data you stored. It's a price we can pay though I think as it would be a PITA to create multiple accounts with read only data, expecially if one has your public name attached (as that is where your communications will be). 




Good shout, unfortunaly we have no great solution, as neither the network nor us can tell what you stored. It can tell you stored XgB and has a list of hashes of hashes of what you store (that we cannot access), but it knows no more. We have never been able to get an answer without reducing security. 
I think there are many parts to the network like this that will benefit from more eyes and suggestions, we feel it's the core devs teams job (whoever they will be) to always go for security and make sure there is no leak at all of any data between identites. It may expose some issues like this but they are tiny compared with the security the network gives.
Thanks for the suggestions though, they all help a lot. Reddit is pretty cool :-) 
@_date: 2014-01-27 08:08:54
What if? the robot can buy power for itself to recharge etc. and do chores for people for more bitcoin ? 
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:57:24


I think as more developers from many projects get tangled right into the code and review it then everyone will be happier (including us).  The codebase is pretty large but pretty well written I think. We try and write self documenting code and if any dev every says nobody will understand this but, we delete it. I hope people can get involved as I hate Open Source projects that dump code on the community. If people are involved then forks etc. are a reality and should be. 
