@_author: disastrouscheesecake
@_date: 2018-09-27 19:41:58
These companies need to make sure Bitcoin is not maximally successful, which is why they promote the proliferation of shitcoins. If hyperbitcoinization were to occur, every company that operates crypto-to-fiat, or even crypto-to-crypto(shitcoin) services would no longer have a business model.
The purpose of regulations is to shut out small businesses from competing because regulatory compliance would require significant resources that small startups don't have.
Think about it. When someone has pretty much the freedom to do whatever they want because they have huge capital in a market that is mostly unregulated, why the hell would they be screaming "Hey government, come and regulate me!"
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:12:49
It's not religion, it's just a difference of opinion on what you would call a failure. Whether something is a failure or not depends on your goals. If your goal is to create sound money, then anything less sound than Bitcoin is a step backwards, and successors are less sound.
If your goal is to create a "blockchain" with maximum adoption, and you don't really have principles, then you might call it a success.
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:52:47
Bitcoin cannot be replaced, because the act of replacing it undermines its primary value proposition. That is, it is the world's first currency that is *immutable*. It cannot be debased, censored, or seized by any minority of its participants.
If a small minority can come along and replace Bitcoin with BitcoinX, then so too can BitcoinX be replaced with BitcoinY. If this is the case, nobody is ever going to have strong confidence about *storing* their money in BitcoinX, and thus, people will not even attempt to use it for storing savings - they will always use the *immutable* ledger for that. It does not matter if BitcoinX managed to persuade the majority to switch to using it (although this is very unlikely), because as long as a there is a sufficient number of users who still participate in the original, unchanged Bitcoin system, the original system will always be the one people are confident about storing their money in. It is the most sound money, and Gresham's law has shown consistently that people store good money, and trade with bad money until the bad money becomes useless.
People might trade in other currencies, but they will always hedge their gains in Bitcoin. The other currencies will only have temporary value, because they will all be wiped out due to inflation where every Joe prints his own money. The whole concept of printing your own money is a bad idea, except in the case of Bitcoin, where it was necessary to escape from previous systems of bad money.
In terms of spending, and not just saving, it really doesn't matter that much *which* currency you use, as long as it retains its value for long enough that you can spend it. for most people, this is approximately a month, which is the frequency they get their paycheck. They spend throughout the month, and are usually broke before the next paycheck. The problem here though, is what merchant wants to accept inflationary currency which can rapidly lose its value, over a non-inflationary one which has a strong chance that it will only appreciate in value so long as demand continues to increase (which will be true as long as population increases)?
Merchants will therefore price all their goods in Bitcoin, and if they do accept alternative currencies, it will probably only be through immediate trading systems which convert their gains back into Bitcoin before the day is out. Any solution to spending which instead is *pegged* to Bitcoin will instead be treated as if it were effectively Bitcoin. There will be no urgency to convert it because its value is not going to decrease relative to Bitcoin.
The Lightning network is just one solution. There are others, like sidechains, which will enable different kinds of scaling, with different sets of trade-offs. The peg to Bitcoin must be a two-way peg for it to keep the value of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-16 23:42:48
I'm stating that you creating your own coin already *is* a failure. A failure to have a finite money supply. I'm not arguing about whether or not your currency might be used by other people. I'm saying it is a failure to achieve the original goal of Bitcoin.
Because if you managed to somehow convince all Bitcoin users to switch to your chain, you still have a little problem. Someone else can come along and mint their own coin, and steal all the users away from your chain. Why not? You set the precedent. If it acceptable for you to do it, then why would be be unacceptable for someone else to do it?
And given that any other currency is unstable by design, because it can be replaced, there is no stable store of value. A failure to achieve the goal of sound money.
There's only one cryptocurrency that can say it's a bad idea for everyone to print their own money, which is the only one that does not have a precedent of everyone creating their own money. The only one that was *designed* to not have inflation.
I should add that Bitcoin itself printing its own money is a bad idea. If there existed something for it to peg itself to beforehand, it would've been preferable than Bitcoin printing it's own supply. The issue was that there existed nothing of the kind before it. Bitcoin was the first digital, yet scarce item (besides IPv4 addresses and such, which are controlled by central authorities)
@_date: 2018-09-29 21:28:35
I don't know of any particular software which does this. Why not take on the challenge yourself?
Reuters has [decent visualization]( of the blockchain which could help beginners.
One of the biggest hurdles is trying to teach people what a cryptographic hash is. Without knowing this they're still left bamboozled no matter how many graphics you give them.
@_date: 2018-09-25 23:54:48
tl;dr, FSS has previous ties to Tether through an entity called Noble Bank.
@_date: 2018-09-16 17:55:05
There are several ways to reduce transaction size which can be implemented as soft forks. MAST is one example for transactions that contain several evaluation paths (OP_IF). Instead of including the whole script in the transaction, a merkle tree is created, branching for each path. The output script of a MAST transaction only needs the merkle root, and the input only needs the path which evaluates the transaction as valid, meaning all the opcodes in an unevaluated branch can be completely omitted.
Schnorr signatures can reduce the size of transactions with multiple inputs by aggregating multiple signatures into a single signature which is valid for all inputs. These signatures take up a lot of space in the transaction, so savings here can be huge.
There are several other ideas like Taproot, Graftroot, MuSig, which improve the efficiency of transactions, and they also provide huge benefits when combined, which can make spending of complex transactions appear as if they were regular P2SH transactions, which can improve privacy.
In terms of reducing volume, the way to do it is to aggregate many transactions into one, by only broadcasting the most important transactions on chain. This is how the Lightning network works - it requires only a pair of transactions which open and close payment channels, but all transactions which happen in-between over the payment channel are not broadcast over the Bitcoin network.
Sidechains also work by effectively locking up funds in a transaction on the main chain, then performing whatever transactions you need to do on the sidechain, before unlocking them again on the main chain and simultaniously destroying them on the sidechain. Effectively, a pair of Bitcoin transactions aggregates an unbounded number of transactions which can happen elsewhere.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:18:56
The authors have already allowed the use under the Blockchain Defensive Patent License.
@_date: 2018-09-29 21:12:39
The fee calculation is ceil of 3/4 of the SegWit serialized size + 1/4 of the non-SegWit serialized size. The non-segwit compatible clients will only store the ~90 bytes though, which is the size of the tx serialized without the witness.
@_date: 2018-09-20 17:44:17
So you're comparing the novelty of a 2008 paper against papers that were written *after* it?
@_date: 2018-09-05 22:16:24
A big part of the problem is that they attempted a clean-slate approach to their mobile OS, and simultaneously fucked up Windows 8 by trying to make a "universal platform" for mobile and desktop, with the mobile agenda dictating what happened on the desktop.
They should have learned from their previous successes that backward compatibility is key to success. Each version of Windows gets adopted only because it is compatible with previous versions. If Windows 8 had been incompatible with Windows 7 software, nobody would've taken the upgrade (willingly).
If MS had released a mobile OS which was compatible with software written for Windows 7/Vista, it probably have been successful.
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:04:42
Regulators don't exist in Bitcoin. They are an external entity which does not have any clout. None whatsoever. If they are not using Bitcoin, they are irrelevant. If they are using Bitcoin, they are no more important than your grandma who uses Bitcoin.
The whole point of the article is highlighting this fact. It's a response the Blockchain Association's ["Unified voice" press release]( where they claim they are speakers on your behalf. Did they ask you if they can speak on your behalf? They certainly did not ask me.
Whatever message they intended to convey, they failed to do so in their title where they conveyed that they think they are an authority in the space. They are not.
Bitcoin is not fragile. The only fragile industries in the space are the gateways between fiat and Bitcoin, and they can only exist as long as Bitcoin is not maximally successful, because if Bitcoin is widely adopted, their reason for existing vanishes. Why on earth then, might these "industry-leaders" want to get governments involved in something that is inherently governance-free?
You can't educate people about Bitcoin by telling them that you are leaders, that there is a unified voice, and that regulatory policy is necessary. Doesn't fly. The reality is completely the opposite. There are no leaders. There is no consensus of opinion, and regulatory policy is unenforcible on the Blockchain.
A big farce.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:55:23
Bitcoin will not get CT unless somebody finds a way to soft-fork it in, and the costs of CT transactions are not significantly larger than standard transactions.
We might get the equivalent, or a good level of privacy in the future, but it will probably come from incremental improvements to both the on-chain and off-chain layers.
For now, CT is already possible with a side-chain. You don't need permission to create a side-chain, but the only way you can have a 2-way peg to Bitcoin is to have a third party or a federation in charge of the keys. Convincing other people to use your sidechain is the tricky part.
@_date: 2018-09-29 20:50:21
At minimum a tx contains 1 input and 1 output, a version (4 bytes) and nLockTime (4 bytes).
The txIn contains the previous tx id (32 bytes) and output index (2 bytes), plus a sequence number (4 bytes), and a script (variable size). The script, for non-segwit TX's contains a compressed DER encoded public key (33 bytes) and a DER encoded signature (up to 72 bytes).
A txOut contains an amount (8 bytes) and a script, which is variable size again, but if you assume P2PKH, you need ~25 bytes, because the hash160 of the destination address is 20 bytes, and you have 5 opcodes.
A SegWit transaction moves the public key and signature from the input script to a separate witness location, plus adds 1 byte which marks it as a SegWit tx, and a 1 byte flag (for future upgrade).
Each variable length field is prefixed with a "CompactSize", which is 1-4 bytes, depending on the size of the field.
So the minimum tx size is somewhere around 190 bytes. If using SegWit, the pubkey and signature are not included in the weight of the transaction, so the minimum weight is around 90 bytes. I can't be bothered to calculate the exact minimums.
@_date: 2018-09-30 10:00:27
SegWit adoption has nothing to do with miners not using AsicBoost. SegWit adoption is low because large providers and wallet software still don't support it.
People mine on BCH because it is profitable for them, not because they can't use AsicBoost or because they believe in "satoshi's vision". It is profitable for as long as the BCH propagandists can maintain the cult following.
The BDPL is the right way forward for promoting innovation. It means people who want to work behind secrecy will get stung, whilst people who want to work as a community will reap the benefits. This is precisely what we need in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:33:03
If Bitcoin fails, and people flock to putting their money into fiat currency systems, then we've not got a replacement, but a reversion to the old.
And when I say Bitcoin failing will be cryptocurrency failing, I mean that the concept will have failed, not necessarily the fiat currencies which claim to be cryptocurrencies which might manage to survive it.
I'm not predicting that Bitcoin will "win". I'm saying that Bitcoin needs to succeed or we all lose.
@_date: 2018-09-16 15:48:56
Block size decreases have been suggested. Notably, Luke-Jr wants a 300kb block size. There's some merit to the argument, because the smaller, the better it is for decentralization as more people can afford to sync the whole chain. But 1MB is what we have, because Satoshi put it there. The primary issue isn't what the magic number should be, but it's about who has the authority to set the magic number on behalf of all the users of the system.
The only people with that authority are the users themselves. Satoshi made a system where all of the users are equal participants in it, and it can only be changed by the consensus of those participants agreeing. They set their own block size limit in their software client, and they participate by transacting on the chain of blocks which has the most active people participating on because they have the same limit. Attempting to increase the block size would fork off onto another chain, meaning you'd now be using a different currency than Bitcoin, because the Bitcoin chain would still be utilized by people who have not increased their acceptable block size.
If you attempted to decrease the block-size, you would end up stuck on a chain and not receiving blocks, because all of the blocks being mined are too big and you are rejecting them. There is a way that a block size decrease could occur though, which is if the majority of mining power only accepted blocks below a certain size. This would cause any chains mined by the minority to get orphaned, and the longest chain of valid blocks would be the one with smaller blocks.
It's unlikely that miners will want to do this though, as they can maximize their revenue by including more transactions in a block. Miners have the incentive to increase the block size, but this cannot be trivially done. The 1MB is a historical accident that cannot be trivially changed, simply because nobody has the ability to change it. They only have the ability to attempt to fork the currency and to try and persuade everyone to change. That has been tried and it has failed.
Decentralization is the primary goal. It is necessary for Bitcoin to hold its value. Ideally, we would like to improve the transaction throughput, but we are not willing to risk centralizing Bitcoin by doing so. If you can't change the block size, then the next best option is to decrease the transaction size and volume.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:18:53
If Bitcoin can be replaced, it's not just Bitcoin that loses. The entire concept of cryptocurrency as a superior form of money is what loses. It will have failed to provide the benefits it does over fiat. We will be no better off than with paper money.
I'm not 100% sure Bitcoin will succeed, but given Gresham's Law, it's highly likely. If Bitcoin fails, there will be a rush on gold, which is more finite than internet money anyone can create.
@_date: 2018-09-20 20:57:11
Where are you specifying the date to look at documents earlier than it?
In the second image, the top most similar paper is talking about mining and blockchains, which were terms introduced in Bitcoin. The papers you're comparing it against came after it.
Of course there are papers before it. But it doesn't help to compare against papers both before and after it. Especially when everyone and their dog is publishing a paper on "blockchain".
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:16:45
Email got too big to fail. In the beginning, everyone ran their own mail server. Now, email is run by a small handful of players, because if you don't send your emails from a small whitelist of "acceptable" IP addresses, you get put in the spam filters. Email went from being perfectly decentralized, the almost completely centralized and censored.
If we don't resist centralization pressure with Bitcoin, it will end up the same way. And in that case, it's not a case of "preferring it to fail", but it would be the case that it has failed. It would become utterly useless and inefficient compared to what we already have. There is no practical use for a blockchain controlled by a small handful of entities.
The way we'll get to having decentralization as the norm is to enable it, promote it, build it in such a way that it becomes normal for someone to plug a small, cheap device directly into their router and they become a bank. Once people are given freedom, they will resist giving it up, but some need convincing that they need the freedom in the first place, because they mistakenly think that they are already free.
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:19:53
If it's a BIP-39 compatible seed phrase (12 or 24 words from those listed here:  then it will work with any wallet which supports BIP-39, which is most of them.
I'd suggest using a lightweight client like Electrum. Don't plug your seed phrase into some random website. I'd advise against web-wallets in general because it is unrealistic that you can perform the relevant verifications each time you communicate with the web server. A desktop client only needs to be checked once, on install.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:06:41
I'm not trying to predict anything. I'm telling you straight, that there is no purpose behind a blockchain that is controlled by some entity or set of entities, and that they would be more efficient using Paxos or Raft.
The only way something can replace Bitcoin is to undermine Bitcoin, and they undermine themselves in the process. It's a lose-lose situation. I'm not saying it can't happen, I'm saying that *if it does* happen, we are back to square one.
And since there are many people who dread the idea of going back to fiat money controlled by a few people after using Bitcoin, I'm pretty sure it will survive.
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:09:24
I'm not saying my opinions are facts. I'm just making the case that Bitcoin failing is a failure of the industry. This isn't a prediction about what will happen, but an inference (modus ponens) about what *will have* happened if a scenario plays out.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:54:09
No. Why would you want to give an even bigger advantage to someone who already has an advantage (state enforced monopoly)?
The idea is to cripple those who are attempting to use the state to protect their own "inventions" whilst simultaneously stealing the work of others.
@_date: 2018-09-16 23:27:43
Any alleged "innovation" in cryptocurrency can be implemented as a sidechain on Bitcoin. You can get whatever feature you want without minting money.
The desire to print their own money is why every project not attaching itself to Bitcoin is going to fail. They are not concerned though, as long as they make their quick bit of money by dropping their bags on somebody before that happens. Lambos are the goal of other cryptocurrencies, not decentralized, unhindered access to money designed not to be debased.
The problem is that anyone can take your source code, modify a few variables and redistibute it under a new name. There is no cap if anyone can print their own coins, and anyone can print their own coins if it is deemed acceptable at any point that this is the way forward. There are people trying this and they're failing. Their half-life is already showing to be a fraction of Bitcoin's, even over the little history we have. Their failure isn't the technology they might've created or not. They failed when they decided to mint their own coin rather than pegging to Bitcoin's finite supply.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:21:42
I don't really have much money. I have lots of time invested in Bitcoin. I wouldn't waste that time on trying to devalue it by printing my own money. For me it is about financial freedom only. I don't care about price, because it is irrelevant long term. In 10-20 years USD will be priced in Bitcoin and not the other way round (This is a prediction)
The issue is that if Bitcoin can be undermined, then what hope is there that the replacement can't be undermined too? Undermining the currency becomes the norm. The advantages it offered over the previous kind of currency are lost. There are many kinds of item which retain value better than inflationary currency. Drugs are an example. If Bitcoin fails, perhaps I'll take up drug dealing.
Perhaps my opinion is blurred and I'm in an information bubble. I'm aware of it, but I have no intention to leave the bubble, because what exists outside of it is the old systems of control, and I don't want to participate, even if there are Lambos on offer. Success in Bitcoin is not measured in lambos, but is measured in how secure your assets are from mobs trying to steal it.
And perhaps not by coincidence, every other person I've met with the same opinion is also a bitcoin maximalist and shuns shitcoins. I don't think it's an accident that Bitcoin is the choice of people who actually believe in these principles, and the ones who don't are busy scamming the people who don't know any better.
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:27:58
Ensure it is all spelt correctly, and in the right order. There is a checksum on the seed phrase and it will not unlock if there are errors.
There is also an optional mnemonic passphrase which can be appended to the 12 word phrase. Your sister may have added a password and not written it down.
@_date: 2018-09-20 21:08:48
The only software you need if the disk is spinning is `dd`. It will do a bit-for-bit copy of the disk into a file on a disk that is working.
If the disk is not spinning or is making strange noises, you probably want to try and repair it by replacing the head with a fresh one from another disk of the same model (assuming you can find one with it being quite old).
If you manage to get it running, just copy its entire contents with `dd` before attempting anything else. Once you've got a backup image of the disk, then attempt to use file recovery tools.
@_date: 2018-09-13 13:57:52
Check if your router supports decent firmware:
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:22:05
@_date: 2018-09-16 23:14:47
It's not about what other coins might or might not solve. It's that they fail on the proposition that currency supply should be finite. They don't believe that to be true at their outset, because their design *is* inflation. And their idea of *them* printing their own money is effectively an authorization by its proponents for *anyone* to print their own money.
You can't have it both ways. Either you believe in finite supply or you don't.


@_date: 2018-09-16 21:28:18
My previous posts mentioned why there can't be a *better version*. Successive versions are inherently worse because there is prior evidence that they themselves can be replaced. If replacement is deemed acceptable, then they are not useful as a store of value.
Bitcoin's revolutionary technology was not a blockchain, or a distributed ledger, or even the crypto part, because there were prior experiments which used public key cryptography to secure funds, but required central mints. The innovation of Bitcoin was the solution to double-spending without third-parties, using proof-of-work on a chain of blocks.
The only thing that might replace Bitcoin would be if someone finds an even better solution to the double-spend problem than the proof-of-work solution. Everything else existed *before* bitcoin and is not novel. "Crypto" isn't new. Many people don't realize this, and they're retrying the same old failures.
If somebody does find a *better* solution to PoW, then they can either: Implement and mint a new currency (causing inflation), patent it (the community will reject it), or someone else will come along and use the same technology on top of Bitcoin, and then all Bitcoin users can continue using the new technology, with their same old coins and their still finite supply. Which one will retain its value?
It's not the technology itself: It's the finite money supply and the inability for a minority of participants to alter the system which give Bitcoin its value. Bitcoin in 15 years might look like completely different technology to what it is now because it can adapt. As long as the commitment to decentralization and finite supply remains, the project is a success. The problem that other coins face, is that they can not possibly compete with this from the start, because introducing them introduces inflation into the ecosystem. The battle is lost before it has even begun.
Any worthwhile technology will be built on top of Bitcoin, and people will prefer the Bitcoin version of it, due to the finite money supply.
Anyway, it is an imaginary scenario that anything else could even become as big as Bitcoin is today. The only way Bitcoin managed to get to where it is was from people making money from it, much like an ever rewarding ponzi scheme. The problem every other currency has is that everyone already knows, and there aren't enough greater fools for them to swindle anymore.
@_date: 2018-09-30 00:04:38
I would only support this if it turned out CSW did have access to this "tulip fund" (highly doubtful)
Coins can actually be censored via soft-fork, but then uncensoring them after the censor has been applied network-wide would require a hardfork.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:47:11
Because they are not willing to submit their own patents to the BDPL
@_date: 2018-09-05 21:26:41
There is no competitor to Bitcoin. If Bitcoin can be replaced by BitcoinX, then BitcoinX can be replaced by BitcoinY.
Who then, is going to hedge their assets in a BitcoinX, which can change at the whim of a few disgruntled developers who are unhappy they can't change Bitcoin to better suit their needs?
People attacking Bitcoin because they're trying to promote their own securities are cutting off their nose to spite their face. If Bitcoin fails, all cryptocurrencies will fail. What you call "Bitcoin Maximalists" are *the only* cryptocurrency maximalists. Anyone betting on the original, oldest, largest, most well-known cryptocurrency being replaced by something else is betting on the failure of the entire cryptocurrency experiment. They are mostly bad actors, but some are just naive.
The value proposition of cryptocurrency is to store value which cannot be stolen or devalued through inflation because there is a finite supply. It is not how many TX is can do per second, how long it takes to confirm a transaction, or any other silly metric you think is more important. There are traditional payment providers which can do all of these better, faster and cheaper than a blockchain. It is the things that centralized payment providers cannot provide which give cryptocurrency their value. Everything else comes after the store of value.
Also, if BitcoinX can exist alongside Bitcoin, then BitcoinW, BitcoinY and BitcoinZ will exist too. We can have infinite number of currencies, and an infinite number of tokens. No finite supply means their collective value will converge to zero. Any technology that currently exists by issuing its own token will be replaced by a competing technology which is pegged to Bitcoin, as it will retain value as others lose their value to inflation.
People are not going to install hundreds of apps on their smartphone so that they can carry around hundreds of worthless tokens because different vendors accept a different set of currencies. They will expect merchants to accept the most popular cryptocurrency in their area (which will be Bitcoin everywhere it is not banned, and eventually everywhere it is banned too), and any merchants who do not accept the primary currency will go out of business.
@_date: 2018-09-26 12:28:23
People are only redeeming their tethers at exchanges, which in turn hold them. Unless you see the exchanges themselves attempting to redeem tethers, you will not know whether they have the assets or not.
Currently Kraken is the only exchange with USD/USDT markets, and the books are very thin. There's no way an exchange would be able to cash out through Kraken, and Tether state on their own website that they do not offer any guarantee to exchange their token for USD.
Bitfinix gets scrutiny because of the way they handled their hack, which was to issue fiat tokens not backed by Bitcoin. Also, they're shady characters, operate offshore, have attempted to sue a bank and no bank will now deal with them. And, they've failed to provide regular audits as promised. Still no audit. Likely, there will never be one because the cash is not there.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:44:01
It is no cost, as long as you stick to the terms of the BDPL - which basically means you don't attempt to sue any BDPL member for any other patent violations, and if you do, you lose your right to use the BDPL patents.
This is better than open source. It's copy-left.
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:37:54
Nakamoto is like "Smith" in English. Very generic family name.
@_date: 2018-09-25 13:08:27
A Lightning payment is ~1400 bytes.
The limiting factor will probably be the time the CPU takes to verify signatures.
@_date: 2018-09-20 21:15:24
Try to find the same disk, perhaps a second hand one on ebay. If it's a working disk, you should be able to disassemble it, put the platters from your disk into it and reassemble, being careful not to cause any damage. If successful, you should be able to to copy the disk. Sometimes it can take multiple attempts because it dies before the whole image can be copied.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:43:27
In Bitcoin-qt, go into options and enable coin control features, which will let you select which utxo's you're spending and will tell you how large your transaction is. The max script size is 10,000 bytes.
@_date: 2018-09-17 17:07:09
You're still missing the difference in goals. In my opinion, the only thing that could possibly *overtake* Bitcoin is a superior solution to double-spending than PoW. Success is measured in how confident **I** am in the currency.
I don't care how other people see success. Popularity does not equal success. If another currency is wildly popular but fails to provide all of the benefits that Bitcoin already does, I still consider it a failure.
@_date: 2018-09-30 10:03:35
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:31:47
Yes, just append it after the 12 words.
@_date: 2018-09-05 23:02:22
I'm all for creating P2P cash.
The problem is that if you need to subvert Bitcoin to enable that, then you undermine the primary use case. You introduce inflation, and you cripple the confidence people have that it can be a long-term store of value. If Bitcoin fails, the whole experiment fails. If you need to introduce more tokens, you have no finite monetary supply.
Having hundreds of developers go off and invent their own tokens to sell is not helping the technology advance. It is diverting useful resources towards pyramid schemes and leaving only the most dedicated to work on developing the technology that will actually last. All of the technology can be done in a way that is pegged to Bitcoin's value without the need to introduce new tokens. I'm seeing incredible technology in this space, and it is mostly happening on Bitcoin. It will all happen on Bitcoin eventually, when people at large become wiser to utility token scams.
I'm into the technology because I believe that it is essential for personal liberty in the future, and that this can only be the case if Bitcoin stands the test of time in demonstrating that it is immutable, cannot be inflated, and cannot be changed in a backward-incompatible way at the whim of a minority. I don't care to get rich. It has always been an investment to me, but not a monetary one. It's an investment into a better future.
@_date: 2018-09-30 10:55:01
I think the desire some people have for bits is so that it fits evenly into number systems where magnitudes are increased in thousands. Ie, 1M bits = 1btc, easier to remember than 100M.
It's completely different in systems where magnitudes increase in myriads though. In Japanese and Chinese for example, they have a distinct word, 億 for meaning 100 million. So 1BTC = 1億sat. If it were using bits, they would have to use 1BTC = 1百万bits. (one hundred ten-thousand bits)
@_date: 2018-09-05 22:00:45
The volume which can be handled by Bitcoin's network does not upset its primary use-case as a store of value. If the network itself is unable to handle the volume, then new technologies which are pegged to Bitcoin will arise to enable the volumes. If they are pegged to bitcoin they will retain their value. If they are not pegged to Bitcoin, their value will fall to nothing.
Every other coin can be implemented as a sidechain on Bitcoin. The reason they don't is because they want to issue their own token, to "fund development", and line their own pockets. When people realize that the value of these tokens is going to zero, they will revert back to using the coin which cannot be devalued through inflation. Only one of them exists. As soon as you add a second one, you've introduced inflation.
@_date: 2018-09-25 23:09:28
Bitcoin is money and should be treated as such. It should be accepted as legal tender everywhere. Other scam coins, ICOs and such should be treated as securities.
Bitcoin is not yet ready to handle national volumes of trade, and you will need to utilize technologies pegged to Bitcoin. One suggestion would be the creation of a federated sidechain which could serve as an "Armenian Bitcoin" (ABTC). The controlling agents of the federation should be the 105 elected offices, requiring a 2/3 or more to sign to convert any ABTC back into regular BTC. (You can decentralize further by requiring each of those 105 keys being multi-signatory, etc).
The general idea is that you do not want to spend BTC often anyway. You should be aiming to accumulate Bitcoin in your sidechain, only spending where necessary for large infrastructure costs and national debt repayments etc. The more BTC you accumulate in the sidechain, the wealthier your nation becomes. Trades for other currencies (including BTC proper) for day-to-day purchasing and travel can be conducted with atomic swaps over the lightning network, and could use a decentralized exchange, an exchange administered by the federation, or business run exchanges with the proper oversight required to prevent large-scale thefts.
Merchants could accept any of ABTC, BTC or the Dram. You don't necessarily need instant crypto-to-fiat services, but daily reconciliations would probably suffice. As long as a merchant can provide change in the currency requested by the buyer, they can accumulate all three currencies throughout the day and bank their fiat and perform any exchange at the end of the day. Banks should also deal with all three currencies and facilitate trade between them.
The ABTC/BTC ratio does not necessarily need to be 1, but it must be a constant factor to prevent inflation.
The sidechain can have many different features and does not necessarily need to limit itself to the features that the Bitcoin main chain has. You could have tax payments done through the chain, and have a public ledger enabling the public to see how tax revenue is being spent by the government.
Besides actually using Bitcoin, a big issue you will have is education. You will need to introduce this and related technology into your national curriculum at the high school level. Ideally, Computer Science should be available to every youth in your country in order to promote innovation and economic growth too. You also need to give clear warnings to your countrymen about scamcoins and ICOs. You cannot prevent people from trading in other cryptocurrencies so it is not really worth wasting too many resources on red tape. Education is necessary.
The other necessities are FOSS, code review, reproducible builds, plug-in solutions for those who lack the technical ability to do it themselves.
Initially, most people will probably not grasp it or be able to manage their own keys. You will have custodial banks, but you should have plans for the creation of non-custodian banking entities through smart use of multisig transactions.
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:42:43
A coin which I have less confidence is a stable store of value than Bitcoin is a failure.
Even Bitcoin is not absolutely infallible. It's security depends on their being no collusion among a majority of miners.
But the distribution in mining power is sufficient to give a good level of confidence that there is no collusion.
Another coin might be able to achieve an equal level of distribution in mining, which gives the same confidence that double-spends and censorship cannot occur. But it is still inherently less confidence-inducing than Bitcoin, because it can be replaced.
In order to trump Bitcoin, a successor must find a better solution than PoW for double spending. Only then would I consider it possible that a replacement could occur. But as I've already suggested, if someone took the newly improved solution and applied it on top of Bitcoin, as a sidechain for example, then it will be more desirable than the coin which printed its own money.
I don't need "faith" to tell me that Gresham's Law always plays out when there are competing monies. It is altcoiners who need faith that Gresham's Law is going to fail at some point so that their shit can moon.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:49:37
The problem with the comparison to the stock market is that Bitcoin is nothing like a stock.
The cryptocurrency market does not exist without Bitcoin. If Bitcoin fails, then all of the groundbreaking features which it introduced are useless. The groundbreaking feature is not a "blockchain". The Merkle Tree is 40 years old.
You also don't need Bitcoin or even a blockchain to do smart contracts. If you are going to give up decentralization, by handing someone the key to "replace" Bitcoin, then you might as well have a central server, or a federation of servers and a traditional distributed consensus algorithm like Paxos.
It really is all or nothing. Either Bitcoin succeeds, or we're going back to fiat money.
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:33:41
No, I'm saying If A happens, then B **has** happen**ed**.
@_date: 2018-09-05 22:21:02
You think electronic cash is the primary use case?
Sorry, but that was done 30 years ago.
What does Bitcoin provide that the existing electronic cash systems do not?
It provides the ability to store value, not have it seized or blockaded by financial institutions and governments. Not have it devalued due to poor economic policies of governments.
This is the primary use case, because it is necessary right now. The ability to use it as cash comes later, that isn't as urgent because there exists alternatives.
@_date: 2018-09-30 10:08:37
The better approach will be for future wallets to provide the decimal point at the satoshi.
So you can have 303.324 satoshis.
This is possible with the Lightning Network, where milliSatoshis are the unit of transfer. The downside is that your amount gets floored when closing your channel because the Bitcoin protocol does not understand milliSats. The 1 sat that was split between you and your lightning counterparty ends up going towards the fee.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:35:15
If you have no patents, you can still use BDPL technologies, as long as there is a commitment that if you do get patents you also make them available under the same license.
If you get patents and you wish to enforce them aggressively, you forfeit your right to use anything from the BDPL patent pool.
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:43:53
@_date: 2018-09-05 22:37:16
Monero is the only non-bitcoin currency which has a real tangible use case right now. Every other project is hoping to have some future use case.
I think that Bitcoin will eventually gain all the necessary features to enable completely private transactions, and Monero will die off as it loses its only advantage. If Monero somehow manages to get atomic swaps before then, it might survive longer term, but if competing against a non-inflationay Bitcoin, it will capitulate like the rest.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:24:40
No. Each channel opening/closing transaction requires an on-chain Bitcoin transaction.
It will be possible in future to splice out (take funds out of a channel) and splice-in (add funds to an existing channel), which will require an additional on-chain transaction. It will be possible to do both splice out and splice in with a single transaction in order to move money from one channel to another.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:11:29
If Bitcoin can be replaced, then whatever replaces it will inherently be a less suitable store of value than Bitcoin was. Why? Because the act of replacing Bitcoin proves by demonstration that the replacement itself can be replaced. The act of replacing Bitcoin undermines the incentive for people to put their money into Bitcoin, which is to stow away their money and it not depreciate in the long-term. A store is no good if it can be replaced and make your storage worthless.
There is also the case that if someone can create BitcoinX, which might be technically superior to Bitcoin, then someone can clone BitcoinX into BitcoinY, and we can have multiple replacements, each minting their own coins, and further undermining the value proposition, because the proposition requires *limited supply*. Why would everyone choose BitcoinX over BitcoinY, or vice versa?
Since minting a new currency implies inflation, then everyone looking to store value (the people with money) will reject the inflation attempt, because it harms them more than anyone. This means that the proponents of BitcoinX have an insurmountable challenge of convincing all the whales to jump ship, where the whales actively harm themselves by doing so unless they successfully manage to thwart Bitcoin. And since we have a demonstration of how that plays out (Bitcoin Cash), I don't think this will be a concern either.
Gresham's Law was coined 160 years ago, but was known long before that. We have plenty of historical evidence that people will store good money. Since Bitcoin is inherently good money, people will store it, and since anything that would potentially replace bitcoin is inherently *worse money* than Bitcoin, even if it is build on superior technology, then people will trade with the replacement, whilst reverting back to Bitcoin to stash their savings. However, since most of the *superior technology* is actually being built by Bitcoin developers on Bitcoin, it will likely remain both the best store of value as well as the best technology.
If we were having this conversation in 2014, It would be a different story, but Bitcoin is now too large to topple by some small minority of developers who think they know better, yet fail to understand the economics of why people got into Bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:14:34
They are being worked on. It takes time to research, develop and get public support for the ideas, and there are not many people working on them (Partly because many otherwise capable developers would rather print their own money to get lambos).
There's a few BIPs for MAST, because it can be implemented in multiple ways. Schnorr signatures do not yet have a proper BIP, but Pieter Wuille has published a [proposal]( for standardizing Schnorr signature implementations. The details for adding them to Bitcoin are still being worked on.
It's mostly the same few developers who are working on these solutions, and Pieter has expressed his intention to get them all at once (at least, Schnorr and Taproot), because they provide the biggest benefits when combined, and can also improve the efficiency of the lightning network. Other developers are generally focused on building the lightning network, because that has the largest overall potential for scaling. Improving individual transaction efficiency is one small step for man, but increasing transaction throughput by several orders of magnitude, which Lightning does, is a giant leap for mankind.
@_date: 2018-09-16 23:11:24
A DAO is a federation whose rules are enforced by maths.
The point was more that the sidechain does not have the same properties as the main chain, because the movement of money from the sidechain back to the main chain is not enforced by the same PoW which validates the main chain, and there is no way to force miners of the main chain to check transactions on the side chain. This means that there must exist an authority over the sidechain (whether it is one, or many participants), and the sidechain cannot be completely decentralized like the Bitcoin main chain. A completely decentralized sidechain can exist, but then there is no secure way of sending funds back to the main chain.
Paul Sztorc's Drivechains are another idea for handling the two way peg, where miners on the main chain can optionally validate the sidechain transactions and effectively vote over an extended period of time as to which main chain transaction are the correct one authorized to spend funds from the sidechain. The idea is interesting, but I'm not really sold yet. It needs demonstrating in practice.
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:43:56
Sounds like it worked. How much did you recover?
And yes, I do recommend just sitting on it for a few more years.
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:43:12
I'm saying that if Bitcoin fails, then the goal which Bitcoin set out to solve will fail with it.
There might still exist some things calling themselves cryptocurrencies, which don't have the same properties Bitcoin had. They can't possibly have the same properties because they introduced inflation in their design.
@_date: 2018-09-19 08:50:55
PoW is used to prevent double spending. Consensus is decided by people running the software they chose to use to be compatible with the people they want to cooperate with.
Miners are a proxy for their shareholders. Nothing else. They are not proxies or representatives of the economic users. The economic users rule. Without somebody to sell coins to, miners waste electricity.
Miners have no choice but to follow what users want. When you get a bunch of egomaniacs who think they make the rules and the economic users will follow, you get BCash, with few users, no liquidity, and declining value wrt the currency where the economic users decide the rules, and the miners follow.
Mining pools are merely coordination points for like-minided miners. They do not represent the miners. The miners are free to join whoever they like, whenever they like, and have no loyalty or obligation towards any pool.
Miners must still individually perform all validation and should not leave it up to a pool. The only way they can be sure that the pool operator is aligned with their own goals is to validate it.
This guy should stop reading CSWs drunken tweets, because nearly everything he is saying is wrong.
The other day he was suggesting that miners don't need to validate.
A few days before that he was saying hard-forks are a good idea because they represent a "check against power". The only real check against power is the *inability* to change Bitcoin. A few dudes coordinating a fork against millions of users who disagree is not a "check against power", but an attempt to exercise power. It's a precedent that those few guys have the right to decide in future, which is why you see the same egomaniacs in BCash right now fighting amongst themselves about who decides. The idea that you can make frequent hard-forks *implies* that somebody has the authority to issue those forks.
The fact that Bitcoin cannot be changed by individuals, because nobody has power to do so, is what gives it all of its value. Bcashers waiting for the flippening to happen are going to be waiting a very long time because they fail to understand this.
@_date: 2018-09-17 00:06:54
I'm implying that the alleged solution is no such thing. It's not about whether it succeeds in "taking over". It failed before it ever got started. The goal was to create sound money, not magic tokens anyone can create and merchants worldwide adopt whatever is trending on Twitter.
I don't get why you want to argue about this for so long. Firstly, it's not going to happen (my prediction). Secondly, if it does happen (despite my prediction), then it represents a failure of Bitcoin to design sound, money which cannot be debased or controlled by a central mint.
When you design a new cryptocurrency, you are the mint deciding how much to create and how you're going to give it out. If your currency "succeeds", it does so by devaluing the existing currency. If Gresham's Law is at play, that would imply that the new money is good money, and Bitcoin is bad money. I already explained why this is not the case. Any alleged successor is worse money by design.
All I'm predicting is that Gresham's Law will play out as always. Which implies that either Bitcoin will succeed as good money, or cryptocurrency itself is bad money and people will fall back to gold.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:53:25
I'm not the author. I just found it on Beautyon's twitter feed, thought it was interesting enough to share.
The "Blockchain Association" is a farce, and It's better people be aware of it early so that don't get hoodwinked by a bunch of crooks.
@_date: 2018-09-30 08:39:57
Try add to lnd.conf
    
    [Bitcoind]
    bitcoind.dir=....
@_date: 2018-09-05 23:26:15
It may be the case that some other cryptocurrency overtakes Bitcoin in usage (temporarily), but one cannot overtake Bitcoin as the useful store of value.
The very act of replacing Bitcoin with some other cryptocurrency undermines the store of value, because if one can be replaced, so can the next. If the next can be replaced, it is not a good store of value. The store-of-value arises from the very fact that it cannot be replaced without undermining the store-of-value proposition. Since BitcoinX can be replaced by BitcoinY, nobody is going to be confident that BitcoinX can store value. BitcoinY can not store value because BitcoinZ could replace it too. The only one that cannot be replaced is Bitcoin, since it is the original store of value, which has proven through time and countless attempts that it cannot be replaced as a store of value.
This will hold true as long as there are sufficient number of persistent users who aggressively reject any attempts to undermine their store of value.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:40:13
As I pointed out down the thread, 100,000,000 is neat in Japanese, because they increase in magnitudes of 10,000. 1 BTC = 1,0000,0000 in Japanese. 10,000 sats would be 1万sat, and 1BTC is 1億sat.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:10:48
Blocks are content-addressable stores of transactions. Each transaction's identity (txid) is the Sha256 of the transaction content. The actual transaction data in the block is a serialized list, and is not random access.
Transactions refer to previous transaction by their txid. It is up to the software to find out where the previous transaction was. Usually it will do so by keeping an index of unspent transactions by their ID along with the block and index within that block where it can be found.
@_date: 2018-10-10 19:57:37
Any regulation is good for coinbase because they are already an established player who can afford the legal costs associated with it. The purpose of the regulations is to create a high barrier to entry, like banking, such that only wealthy people have the opportunities to begin creating bitcoin related businesses which don't operate through an already-regulated entity like Coinbase.
We must not forget that Coinbase and related services are merely a stepping stone for Bitcoin adoption, but the end goal is that they won't exist. A fiat-to-crypto service has no place in a crypto dominated world. Coinbase knows its lifetime is limited, and is making all the efforts to elongate its lifetime by colluding with state entities to put up barriers to entry for any competition.
Stop using Coinbase. They don't believe in Bitcoin and financial autonomy. They are extractive and power hungry.
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:21:07
My Bitcoin are unaffected by the presence of Liquid.
@_date: 2018-10-05 20:19:40


@_date: 2018-10-18 20:52:21
They don't buy the items in fiat, they buy them with their otherwise illiquid and useless amazon credits (earned from Mechanical Turk, or gift cards etc). By using Bitcoin, the earners also avoid paying fees to Western Union etc to convert the earnings to their local currencies.
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:39:29
Bitcoin cannot be created out of thin air because it is on a public ledger which everyone audits. Attempts to create more money than the system has been programmed to results in every user *rejecting* any attempted transaction which creates money, and also any block which attempts to include one of these transactions (which in turn costs the miner who attempted it money in the electricity they wasted creating the block).
Some custodial services which hold bitcoin on behalf of users may be operating fractional reserve schemes. You *should assume* that any such service is fractional reserve and avoid using them if you are concerned that you may not be able to get your money back.
@_date: 2018-10-22 23:34:12
There is/was no consensus, and nobody has proposed a reasonable solution about how such consensus could be achieved or even measured. The only consensus was between an "inside group" of miners who signed an agreement between themselves about what they intended to mine. They ended up not following that path because it was quite clear that Bitcoin users were not going to follow it.
One cannot simply "upgrade" Bitcoin in a compatibility-breaking way. There is nobody in charge, and nobody with enough influence to convince all of its users to change their software client. If there was such entity, Bitcoin would be completely worthless. Its value arises from the fact that nobody can control it. Since nobody has been able to demonstrate a roadmap for increased block-capacity which the vast majority of participants can agree to, the system will not change. Any minority actors who think that their opinion is more relevant than the network consensus get ignored by the software clients of the majority.
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:23:41
Bitcoin is money, not currency.
I acquired my Bitcoin in 2011 and it has appreciated more than 20,000% w.r.t the USD. Much easier to keep a roof over my head.
@_date: 2018-10-02 17:36:33
How can they "lose Tether and Bitfinix", when they're operated by the same cabal?
@_date: 2018-10-13 19:34:49
For every other coin that prints its own token though, the value of that token is going to approach zero, because there is no finite supply. Anyone can create new currencies and print their own tokens, so there is effectively infinite supply.
If you hold onto these tokens, you're going to lose money. The equivalent for messaging systems would be where it costs you to hold messages unless you forward them on immediately.
Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency which didn't inflate the original supply of money beyond what was necessary to create the decentralized money system. Everything else is a failure from the get-go because they misunderstand that the finite supply is one of the primary driving forces.
Other coins are largely irrelevant because if there is any useful technology that comes from altcoins, the same technology can be plugged into a Bitcoin sidechain, where you get the same technology, but without the need to print new money. When you have the same technologies competing, but one is based on a finite money supply, and the other is based upon printing new money, the former is going to win every time. It's Gresham's Law in action.
That does not mean people can't make money from shitcoins. If you're the mint or the early adopter and can find somebody to dump your bags on before the market becomes liquid and sets a real value on the coin, then you might profit. The lifespan of these coins will be finite. Eventually there will be no greater fools to offload the bags on, but this will probably happen over many cycles due to reasons the OP has provided: People who missed the first boat think they can hop on the next boat and hope they get to their destination before the first one does.
@_date: 2018-10-06 17:14:09
Bitcoin is money. It's the best money we've ever had.
@_date: 2018-10-17 21:32:31
You can save on fees by opening a channel at the right time, but you still need to pay a transaction fee to close the channel. Since you're closing at some unknown point in the future, it is impossible to place an accurate guess on the amount you're going to put towards fees when the channel is to be closed. This is specified when you create the channel, but it can also be changed at any point in future if both parties of the channel agree. If one party does not respond to a request to change fees, you're stuck with the original fee and will have to wait for the TX to clear with that fee.
That problem can be solved by using CPFP on the output of the closing transaction, but that adds a second transaction which is going to add additional costs.
@_date: 2018-10-02 21:58:13
@_date: 2018-10-23 04:10:10
Buzzword bingo
@_date: 2018-10-09 12:06:49
The earlier versions of the bitcoin client did have mining built in, and you could simply click a button in bitcoin-qt to start mining on your CPU.
As alternative mining software developed, the need to have CPU mining was pretty much obsolete and was removed from bitcoin core. However, Bitcoin core is still used in conjunction with mining software for handling the block validation. There's a "getwork" RPC call which produces the block template which mining software then uses to start hashing against. As far as I'm aware, most miners are still using bitcoind to source the blocks they work on.
@_date: 2018-10-01 12:25:17
No signature?
@_date: 2018-10-18 20:47:15
Purse.io acts as an escrow and will hold the coins for up to 30 days. If the earner has proof an item is delivered, they can raise an issue with purse, after which you have 24 hours to respond, and if you don't respond, they release the funds to the earner.
@_date: 2019-02-01 12:31:22
You can only be one node which makes changes to channels. Each change in a channel state creates new signatures and revokes old transactions. If you were to accidentally broadcast an old transaction from one machine because it didn't have the most recent state, you could potentially lose funds. If your node accidentally goes down, you should try to recover it before attempting to reconnect to the network with a previous backup.
Rather than multiple nodes, watchtowers will be able to monitor the channels for on chain transactions and take the appropriate action. Your node will communicate with the watchtower(s) when it signs new transactions. You can have redundancy in watchtowers.
There's no standard watchtower yet. It's a WIP.
@_date: 2019-02-10 23:24:30
Bitcoin is purely capitalist. You either own your bitcoin (have capital), or you don't. Don't be misguided by the systems of crony capitalism we have today, which have significant hidden socialist elements (government collusion with big business, regulations, political bribery, etc).
It's interesting that anti-capitalists and socialists always point at many of the problems of today in our allegedly capitalist systems and blame capitalism. In reality, the problems are *all* caused by socialist intervention in enterprise, and those problems would disappear if the socialists lost the ability to meddle in other people's transactions.
@_date: 2019-02-20 07:09:56
Bisq is just a protocol. It doesn't give a shit about jurisdiction.
@_date: 2019-02-04 21:03:40
It doesn't specify the mechanism by which the sidechain is secured - that's left up to the sidechain developer to decide.
Ultimately, the sidechain will never be as secure as the main chain because it doesn't have the same mining power securing it. Unless you can convince a majority miners to merge mine your sidechain you're going to be relying on the hope that there is a diverse and large enough group with interest in the sidechain.
@_date: 2019-02-04 18:58:02
Snake oil.
The way to keep things simple is to completely ignore irrelevant shitcoins and just focus on letting Grandma use Bitcoin. You do not want Grandma buying Ethereum or Bitcoin Cash and being scammed out of her pension.
Wallets already have interoperability standards/protocols - they are called BIPs (Bitcoin Improvement Proposals), and are developed in the open as a collaborative effort - not by any single company, foundation or non-profit touting to be the savior of Bitcoin.
Forget the hostile exchanges with their KYC/AML requirement. Integrate the [azte.co]( front page into your bitcoin wallet so that Grandma can go to the local shop, pay for a voucher and plug in a 16-digit number into her phone, which she'll grok almost immediately because it's exactly the same system she used to top up her phone with. 
@_date: 2019-02-10 17:56:19
Tsingtao is based on German beer. It's OK. At least it's usually real when in Hong Kong.
In mainland china, it's hit and miss as to whether you're going to get a genuine Tsingtao or one of many fakes - some which have been known to poison their drinkers.
@_date: 2019-02-19 04:24:56
In previous years the price of Bitcoin has risen leading up to Consensus due to the hype it generates.
@_date: 2019-02-13 21:35:52
"Government" doesn't get bribed, people do. Bitcoin can't put a stop to people getting bribed. Quite the opposite, it enables improved financial privacy which includes transactions that might be deemed unwanted. The real problem is that government itself is the security flaw - it's the trusted third party. We need to dismantle governments to their bare minimum and let free enterprise take over most of their functions. Businesses are self-correcting because bad business loses customers to competition, who provide better service at much lower costs.
@_date: 2019-02-12 18:11:59
LND: 
c-lightning 
@_date: 2019-02-03 11:13:52
Highly encourage everyone to watch this series by Friedman about free markets: 
@_date: 2019-02-12 18:54:44
Someone created a bunch of large transactions paying 7+ sats/B. Most likely somebody collecting dust outputs into single txos.
I'm not sure why they wouldn't pay a lower fee and stagger them over a longer period to save some money though.
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:56:43
The AI used in bots is mostly trivial repetition with some randomness thrown in. It's not very intelligent at all, and doesn't require anything like neural networks. Mostly simple decision trees.
@_date: 2019-02-10 23:33:20
Capitalism and freedom are intertwined and inseparable. You can't have capitalism without freedom, and you can't be free without the economic freedom which capitalism entails.
Any other system which puts restrictions on how you may trade is a restriction of your freedom.
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:21:31
Game developers have very misguided attempts to crack down on cheaters. I used to develop bots and cheats for MMORPGs, and there were never any client-side protections on the software which posed a significant deterrent to stop us.
OTOH, detection of botting behavior on the server is something much more difficult to counter, because the behavior of bots is predictably different from typical human behavior. It's an arms race to make bots behave more like humans, which is difficult, but not impossible to achieve in repetitive games where the human players act more like bots.
I used to provide relevant information for detecting bots to some of the game operators, as a means to cut out my botting competition, or to keep games at least playable. Very few times was the advice ever acted upon - only in the case of critical vulnerabilities and godmode type exploits did they bother to do anything. Sometimes even then, they did nothing and just let their games get driven into the ground where there were just bots left, and very few human players.
@_date: 2019-02-12 16:46:35
No. Each time you connect with a new address, your node will create a new announcement over the gossip protocol with your new addresses. By default, your client will also connect to the peers it has open channels with, if their IP addresses are known. It can take some time for the information to propagate over the gossip network, which may mean some downtime for your node if your IP address changes.
It is also possible to run a lightning node as a Tor hidden service. The hidden service name will not change even if your IP address changes, and you never need to publicly announce your IP.
@_date: 2019-02-01 16:59:47
The problem with doing this is if the node which goes down had a more recent state, you risk losing funds by using a stale backup.
You cannot know whether the failover is up to date unless you can recover the original node's state. You lose the C in CAP.
@_date: 2019-02-11 10:32:29
Won't happen. Bitcoin's supply is fixed. Any attempt at inflating will spin off a shitcoin which will eventually be worth nothing.
@_date: 2019-02-13 12:59:31
LND: 
c-lightning 
@_date: 2019-02-15 22:10:21
It comes from English. The British used to call a billion a "thousand million". These days we've kind of agreed that billion = 10^9.
@_date: 2019-02-17 07:33:22
You don't spread adoption by just "spending". It's the dumbest thing you could do.
What you need to do is *invest* your bitcoin into earning more bitcoin. Only spend what you expect to earn back from productive efforts which come about from your utilization of capital. You will only spread adoption by actually adopting bitcoin for business, such that your customers, suppliers and employees have direct involvement with it.
You should spend bitcoin where it is possible to spend bitcoin, but only if you don't have any fiat left. Why would anyone want to get rid of their bitcoin when they have useless paper to get rid of first. Have they not heard of Gresham's Law?
@_date: 2019-02-09 15:44:23
Bitcoin is a marathon, but it's also an arms race against bad agents who will attempt to destroy its viability at any chance. The danger is that Bitcoin will get sold to the public as Paypal 2.0, like some people are trying to do, and we end up with a small number of large custodians controlling the majority of liquidity.
Custodial solutions are not *inherently* bad, as long as they are honest and forthright about how they operate. Everyone needs to do their part to call out the bad actors and force them to be honest or be out of business.
Also, things like an annual Proof-of-Keys need to be practiced to become a traditional celebration in which we drain the swamp. People should keep control of their own coins most of the time anyway, which will reduce the chance of them losing money come Jan 3rd when some custodial entities inevitably fold. In time, we should extend proof-of-keys to become proof-of-cash, and have people withdraw their fiat money they have with traditional banks, so as to accelerate the draining of that swamp.
@_date: 2019-02-10 18:38:14
The main problem is deciding who has scored what - given that somebody must host the game, whether it is one of the participants, who could cheat, or the game operator through dedicated servers, which would significantly increase operational costs and incur more costs to the players.
Most games where one player is the host rely on "security" via obscurity to reduce cheating - by making the effort not worth the reward. That changes where money is involved, and there exists no "security" measures which cannot be defeated.
The only way to make it impossible to cheat is if *all players* are equally the host, via a distributed consensus system. This is what the blockchain solves, but the same thing could not be applied to a system where updates are done in milliseconds, and only a few participants are securing the state.
Inevitably, you're going to need the dedicated host, and then the game operator is going to have to comply with whatever gambling red tape exists in the constituency which they operate.
@_date: 2019-02-16 07:55:35
Science. To avoid confusion in published works people have tended to adopt the word which is most recognized internationally, and it is commonly assumed in science that billion = giga.
Also, children in Britain are taught this, and it has been used in official government works since 1974, so many educated post 1980s don't even know the long scale even exists. 
@_date: 2019-02-13 20:28:30
Maybe they heard Craig Wright is Satoshi and they're just on suicide watch.
@_date: 2019-02-12 16:43:05
Yes, it does. It also supports bootstrapping from DNS, but nodes intitially announce their addresses over the gossip protocol.
@_date: 2019-02-15 09:04:39
Poor wording. Nobody "gives" you a right. A right is the natural state - it is something that just is, it is asserted, not granted.
Rights can only be taken, not given.
@_date: 2019-02-01 13:58:31
Watchtowers will be software you can run yourself. You won't need to trust third parties.
Third party watchtowers will exist. Perhaps the reason it is taking so long to implement is that we want them to be as trustless and privacy preserving as possible. It needs to be possible to use multiple distinct watchtowers and also not leak information about transactions which the watchtower does not need to know about.
@_date: 2019-02-12 22:46:21




Your business would be successful if you can maintain it in a competitive market (where other people might be willing to wipe you out). These kind of mafias already exist. The state is a legalized form of the mafia at scale. In some places, it is much preferable to be under protection of the mafia than the state. The mafia can be loyal to their financiers, but the state is generally not, because it is detached from the people it claims to represent. the state has only one goal: extraction. The mafia usually have an interest for their towns or cities to be desirable places to live or visit.
The mafias usually avoid conflict by staying off the turf of their competitors. They're in collusion where it benefits them, but when their turf is invaded, they fight to defend it. They will avoid fighting if possible, because it expensive and will lose some of their useful men.
The mafia relies on the same techniques as the government. Theft by threat of force. In a bitcoin world, this isn't necessarily going to be possible. If the mafia wants to maintain its income where people have financial autonomy, then they'll need a positive reputation among the people they protect.
Here's an example of a system of security which could arise out of voluntary participation and putting one's money where their mouth is: 
@_date: 2019-02-12 16:17:00


You have it mixed up. The government *has to collect* taxes in order to keep the administration operational.
Your problem is you think the administration needs to remain operational because you lack imagination and are unable to comprehend a world without government.
In the bitcoin system, taxation becomes difficult. The administration can no longer rely solely on force to make people pay. Instead, it must provide them with services *worth paying for*. The problem is government is bad at almost every service it provides, and free market enterprise can out-compete them in nearly every area. The markets (which may be grey or black markets) are free to operate in a bitcoin economy because they don't need permission anymore (they can hide their income and avoid taxes.)
And yes, you are right, taxation by force *is theft*. "Taxation" by voluntary donation would be a different matter. In order to have such system, the system would need to serve the interests of its donors, and be efficient. Given the above, no voluntary charity is going to donate to existing forms of government and see the majority of their money wasted.
Why do you think super rich people generally chose to be altruistic through their own efforts (ie, Bill Gates)? It's because they know that they are *far better* at utilizing money than governments are.
@_date: 2019-02-19 03:58:38
Coindesk. The rally is Consensus, where all of crypto's snakeoil salesmen gather to shill shitcoins, which in turn creates demand for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-11 05:46:31
Yes, it's gambling. Technically, a poker player is betting on themselves.
You also have the problem that some of these games are primarily played by people too young to legally gamble. I don't think it's a healthy idea to get people addicted to gambling at an early age.
@_date: 2019-02-11 20:33:24
There's nothing to argue. I'm just stating plain facts.
Socialism implies that the state owns the means of production. In order for this to be true, it *implies* that the state will resort to force to ensure its ownership of the production.
Force is ineffective against Bitcoin. If you own your keys, you own your wealth. There is nothing any violent socialist thug can do to steal it from you, unless you leave your private key lying around like a bar of gold.
Bitcoin makes socialism completely irrelevant, because you can't *steal* a private key which only exists in somebody's head. Socialists are absolutely powerless in the face of Bitcoin. What do you call a socialist who can't steal other people's money?
@_date: 2018-11-28 14:38:23
He sells G&amp;D products on Alibaba
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:31:55
Custodial wallets are not a 'clear winner'. They're a horrible stain on the Bitcoin landscape.
@_date: 2019-01-26 23:50:41
There are still on chain transactions. All channel opening, closing transactions happen on chain. All transactions which transfer money between side-chains happen on chain. Most likely, people will continue to use on-chain transactions for large amounts.
These transactions all pay a fee. Miners can decide what fees they are willing to accept for transactions they put into their blocks. If there is a market for transactions, people will still pay the fees. If a miner decides they're not going to accept transactions below a certain fee because they want to profit more, then they'll need to hope that other miners do the same, else they will be out-competed.
Most likely, blocks will get full most of the time, and people will pay whatever fee they need to be included within approximately N blocks. If they need priority, they'll pay a higher fee to increase the chance of being included sooner.
It really doesn't matter if some miners drop out. They difficulty will adjust to compensate their leaving, and they will also want to auction off their mining equipment rather than throwing it away. The winning bidder in such auction is obviously not going to sit on that hardware and do nothing with it - they'll put it straight to use and the amount of hashing being done will be the same as before.
@_date: 2019-01-29 21:06:07
Vinny Lingham is a notorious shitcoiner.
Notice how he says, "if Bitcoin drops below $3k, we'll enter *crypto winter*." He doesn't say Bitcoin winter. He knows that bitcoin will survive, but such winter will mean draining the swamp of shitcoins. This would be good news for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-23 21:41:23
[Azteco]( will just ask for your bitcoin address to pay to. No need to give your phone number out.
@_date: 2019-01-30 17:55:25
These costs are *trivial* and very easy to provide in abundance for an adversary. Electricity is difficult and expensive to reproduce. I think it will always be the case, even if some renewable energy source made harvesting energy effectively free - because the provider of such energy will not give it away for free when there are other people willing to pay for it. Electricity is in high demand for almost every aspect of human life.
As I've said above, PoS has its uses, but it's never going to be as secure as PoW and thus will not replace it for the main Bitcoin chain. I'm not sure of the utility of alternative PoW chains though, they seem wasteful because they will never reach par with Bitcoin. PoS seems like the way to go for sidechains, or at least, some hybrid of them, with merge mining.
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:36:54
The rational explanation is that they exist to subvert the above. The idea that nobody has the authority to push network changes terrifies some people. They are control freaks, and having the perception that something is out of their control is chaos - something they must fight against.
The forks exist purely for the purpose of putting somebody or something in control. Whether it is a set of select developers, or a cabal of miners who collude to cut out competition. They want to bring *order* to chaos. It helps them sleep. 
They might have had good intentions initially, but then so does nearly every tyrant in the beginning. People seem unable to view themselves as a tyrant and believe themselves to be inherently good and well-meaning. The others who disagree are obviously evil. Those *(((blockstream core trolls)))*, of course, are the real tyrants!
@_date: 2019-01-30 15:55:47
Anybody who advertises custodial wallets and does not make it clear that they are custodial wallets should be downvoted and called out. There are lots of shills for this and bluewallet and they never mention the fact. Do your bit by calling them out every time and not giving them the publicity until they start being honest.
@_date: 2019-01-27 00:24:56
In practice, not everyone is going to be able to afford the transaction fees to operate on the main chain if blocks are consistently full, and they'll most likely interact with the lightning network via sidechains or (semi)-custodial entities, which are more affordable because they'll be able to split fees among their participants.
Obviously, there is a security tradeoff to using sidechains because there is less PoW securing them, or they are secured by some other mechanism. I think in practice, most people will be willing to make this tradeoff because they won't be putting in enough funds to make themselves desirable targets - and the amount of security will probably still be sufficient for their needs.
There are also interactive channel factories which don't sacrifice security, and can cut down significantly on the block space required when multiple participants are cooperating. With Schnorr signatures, the efficiency improves even more. People will make use of techniques like this to save money on fees.
I'm still confident that we've not even scratched the surface of what is possible yet, and before we encounter any serious limitations somebody will already have the next big innovation which makes the problem seem trivial.
@_date: 2019-01-30 19:46:28
Bitcoin was not secure at first, but there was also no incentive to attack it because it was not widely understood or seen as important. The fact that it grew organically over an extended timeframe is what makes it unique and not reproducible. If you create a shitcoin now, you are immediately vulnerable because everybody knows what PoW is, few people are going to be mining honestly initially, so an attacker could pull together enough resources to mount an attack.
Cost to secure Bitcoin now is very meaningful. You can't attack bitcoin without expending tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars per block in electricity. To perform a successful double spend, you need to keep up this for 6 at least blocks. To perform a DoS, you need to keep it up for as long as you want the DoS to continue. It's an extremely expensive attack.
If an attack could be mounted by hiring a supercomputer for a few hours, bitcoin would have no security and it would be worth nothing. The security *depends* on it being expensive to attack. The design is also such, that to keep up an attack, the difficulty of performing the attack increases (difficulty re-targeting). This creates the paradox that an attacker would want to keep the difficulty low in order to increase the chance of successfully attacking, but by performing the attack, they increase the difficulty of the attack succeeding.
Bitcoin will eventually require millions of dollars of electricity investment per block, and it will either be unprofitable, or extremely tight profit margins. To perform an attack, the attacker will need to burn millions of dollars every 10 minutes, with a low chance of success. On the other hand, if they burn the same money by being honest, they have a chance of profiting on their investment. It's a no-brainer for anyone wanting to make money. Nobody is going to throw away money to attack the network at such costs, when they stand to benefit virtually nothing. Nobody making million dollar transactions is going to wait just 6 blocks - they'll wait 12, or more, until they finalize it. Attacking bitcoin for 12 blocks would cost tens or hundreds of millions of dollars. The attack costs more than can possibly be gained from attacking.
@_date: 2019-01-07 09:49:05
No custodians are safe. Use them only as on-ramps to convert between fiat and bitcoin, but make sure you transfer your bitcoin to your own wallet as soon as you have traded them.
@_date: 2019-01-30 22:01:39
Most people don't know how to build a PC. You probably taught yourself, perhaps with some assistance. The same is true for business. Most people simply have no clue where to begin, and only the people who put the effort in to learning how ever make it. You learn along the way. All you need initially is a product or service to sell and a few customers.
PC building could be a business, but it's a bit of a saturated market and the profits aren't really very great. You're more likely to make money selling t-shirts or other apparel. This is also a competitive market, but you have greater opportunities to stand out with custom designs. With PC building, there's only a limited range of components and cases to pick from, and everyone is selling the same machines, so the only distinguishing factor between competitors is price. The only room for creativity here is building custom cases.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:31:40
Lambos are a meme. Maximalists won't spend their bitcoin even if they can afford lambos.
@_date: 2019-01-13 01:37:18
The idea isn't to get free data, but to make it so that it *costs money* to send data in the first place. (Think spam prevention). The recipient will always want to complete the HTLC to receive money, if it's spam, it's free money. Obviously, anything not paying a minimum fee could be rejected outright and ignored.
@_date: 2019-01-27 09:49:05
Yes, but it is meant to be a complete beginner introduction to the topic, more of a metaphor. As soon as you start diving into the minutia of how it works, you've lost at least half the audience.
This video has the right approach which is to explain the system without introducing complexity. Perhaps, for more specific details, follow up videos would be an option.
A couple of more detailed explanations here: 
@_date: 2019-01-15 09:00:55
People don't realize the reason you give a woman jewellery is the same reason you put a collar on a dog.
How romantic, subtly expressing "I own you".
@_date: 2019-01-30 16:32:19
I disagree on that point. Having nothing useful would prevent most people from bothering. Having something useful to do would make it ubiquitous, and distributed. Most people are not going to generate low levels of heat for the sake of it - you can't really resell that heat because you can't transport it efficiently. Nobody is going to build pipes which transport "warm air" so that it becomes a utility, and nobody is going to purchase warm water, because that earth the water pipes pass through, is quite cold and the water wouldn't be very hot when it got to a home.
Since heat is something most homes (at least in the developed world) must generate for water or heating, then it will be ubiquitous.
Most large industries actually have the opposite problem. They generate heat as a waste byproduct and they must expend energy to *get rid* of the heat. They typically blow it out into the sky with large fans. If it were practical to resell most heat, this would never happen. Obviously, smart businessmen will build industries which require heating next to industries which generate waste heat and save money.
The incentives in mining might change, but for the better. People will prefer a data furnace rather than a standard electrical heater because it is more cost-efficient to run. The cost of the heater is a fraction of the overall running cost of it during its expected lifetime. It's a no-brainier.
Also, people will run these devices *even if mining is not profitable*, because they still depend on the heat, and although the mining might not generate profit, it will still generate *some returns*, which can contribute to the electricity bill. If mining were just done for the sake of it, nobody would spend electricity to earn back less than they spend. People will pay to heat their homes regardless of the price of bitcoin or the mining difficulty.
Ultimately, mining must become a lottery of such, else there is an inevitable centralization risk. The only people who can afford to run mining equipment and profit would be those who can set themselves up next to a nuclear power station or other renewable energy resource to cut their costs down. If mining is primarily done in just a few such places, they become simple targets for regulation which can easily be enforced.
End game: Mining is fundamentally unprofitable, but people do it anyway. The incentive to attack bitcoin actually decreases, because attacking *guarantees losing large amounts of money*, unless the attacker can find a way of reselling all of the heat they generate.
@_date: 2019-01-13 01:38:49
The payload is still a fixed size for every hop along the route. They can't change the size because it would change the hash of the encrypted blob.
I'm not a cryptography expert but I'll check out HORNET.
What attack vectors are there for varying size payloads, if they are always encrypted with a one-time-key?
@_date: 2019-01-30 15:50:10
I agree. I think eventually we will have *data furnaces* in regular homes, when the cost of buying mining chips comes down significantly, which it must, and will do.
Mining is a 100% efficient process of converting electricity to heat, with some useful function performed in addition. Anyone who heats their home or building should think carefully about burning electricity to generate heat, and earn nothing from it - verses burning energy to create heat, and taking home potential mining rewards. The rewards might even pay for the electricity - heating you home could be profitable, rather than a costly process.
@_date: 2019-01-30 22:45:23
mimblewimble is interesting technology!
Printing your own coins is so 2017. Did nobody inform them that shitcoins are out of fashion?
@_date: 2019-01-30 21:22:48
Usually a payment requires an invoice. The QR code is one way of transmitting an invoice from a POS to a phone, but this could potentially be replaced with NFC. Doing spontaneous payments without invoices is not yet part of the LN spec or widely supported among clients. It has experimental support in the latest version of LND, as described in this [pull request](
If your payments are just for online content and the phone receives the invoice directly over the internet, you should probably be using BTCPayServer. This is a non-custodial solution which you can control entirely. There are some guides for setting up a BTCPayServer instance. It is written in .NET, and freely licensed for you to customize. From the PoV of an application, you'd just need a web browser component to open up a page to the BTCPayServer instance.
Otherwise, there's probably not much you can get done in just 40 hours. It's an unreasonable time frame to expect anything of substance to be delivered, especially while this technology is in development and there aren't yet off-the-shelf libraries for integrating it into apps.
@_date: 2019-01-26 17:43:36
Try a seed of 24 `bacon`s
@_date: 2019-01-18 13:10:04
Bitcoin does not need overnight "mass adoption" to be successful. Your thinking is flawed because you believe that to be the case.
Bitcoin only needs active users, it will continue to grow organically because it is better money than fiat.
The presence of online exchanges is a deterrent to people trading Bitcoin directly peer to peer, as they should be. They are falsely led into a belief that they are "secure" by using one of these fiat exchanges. They'll only find out otherwise when Mtgox inevitably repeats itself over and over.
Bitcoiners who want sound money do not give a shit about the nobodies who couldn't care less if they're using fractional reserve. They're harmful to Bitcoiners. The fewer of them, the better.
Bitcoin is about changing the way people *think* about money and commerce. If you pull a bunch of idiots in and they think the same as they thought before, then you're going to end up with a replica of the old system. Bitcoin isn't just technology - it's a revolution.
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:38:22
One of the most important properties: It's significantly easier to verify than gold.
The difficulty of verifying gold has been a traditional source of unwanted inflation: people alloying it with junk materials.
@_date: 2019-01-15 13:51:39
You're not "in it for the technology" if you consider that "waiting for other people to build the technology."
Pull your finger out and start building. You get more serotonin rushes when you accomplish something with your own hands than you will staring at price charts.
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:57:12
Voting doesn't work when nothing is at stake. PoW was made to address that.
A wallet is not the bitcoin network anyway. It's a piece of software which connects to it. There are many different pieces of software which connect to it, and they're all run independently. Nobody can orchestrate a movement to force everybody to shift onto new software. In Bitcoin, *chaos is order*. It's the natural state. Anything less chaotic would undermine the principles which make Bitcoin what it is. Bitcoin must remain so chaotic that it cannot be tamed. Those who attempt to bring *order* (or governance, as they like to call it), are imbeciles who have no idea what purpose this was created to solve.
@_date: 2019-01-27 10:03:08
Without the dumbing down, the concepts would never be on the radar of ordinary folk who don't have the expertise to understand the details. They don't need to understand exactly how lightning works to use it, only a rough idea of how it works.
Misinformation from the scamcoin camps needs countering with correct information and calling out scams when you see them. Ultimately, you can't stop everyone from falling for scams, and some people only learn by experience.
@_date: 2019-01-30 15:45:20
The difference with PoW and PoS is that work committed in PoW *irrevocably* consumes electricity, which costs money. In PoS, the stake is not irrevocably committed, because you earn reward on the money staked. It *costs* nothing. Rather, it guarantees earning for being honest. PoW doesn't guarantee earning. Whether or not you earn depends on the cost of your electricity and the *random* chance of successfully hitting the target.
There is also no impartial arbiter in the case of any disagreement - say two alternative views are each staking 50% of the total stake. Who settles the disagreement? The person with more money? In PoW, there is an element of psuedo-randomness - the unpredictability of generating hashes, which acts as a natural arbiter for decision making about which is the correct previous valid block. Whoever gets the next block quickest, which cannot be known or gamed, settles the disputes.
You could argue that PoW is a variant of PoS, where the stake is the cost of electricity exhausted to do the work. I don't think it's right to argue that PoS is a form of PoW though.
@_date: 2019-01-14 13:37:30
The only place free speech is associated with the far-right is in the heads of looney lefties. The world is fed up of their PC bullshit and the fact that you can't tell the comment was satire is indication that you're living in a bubble.
The idea that free-speech is some kind of far-right thing is deliberately manufactured by lefties as an excuse for their increased censorship of anything critical of their failing ideology. And make no mistake, Bitcoin is on their list of things that must be censored. Bitcoin will completely destroy socialism.
@_date: 2019-01-26 17:58:58
These services have the same old problems: they depend on the web, which means their security is tied to "trusted" systems like the PKI and DNS(SEC). There's always a point of failure that can be targeted.
A truly decentralized system needs to throw away all centralized naming and certificate services, and stick purely to peer-to-peer negotiated public keys. LN provides a solid foundation for doing this, because you can recycle the public key you're using to receive payments to become a public key you can use to receive files.
@_date: 2019-01-26 14:03:00
Illegal fireworks salesman.
@_date: 2019-01-26 17:16:04
Odd that people are downvoting you. I know reddit is full of socialists, but this is a Bitcoin forum. If people came to Bitcoin expecting anything other than free markets, they're going to be in for a bloody shock when they realize there is absolutely nothing they can do to prevent it from happening. Violence is ineffective against PoW.
@_date: 2019-01-14 17:55:30
The way Lightning works is that payments are locked up in conditional contracts called *HTLCs*, where a payment will succeed if and only if the recipient of the payment surrenders a payment *preimage*. HTLCs are part of individual channels, and exist directly between two peers only. A payment is transmitted over a path of many different channels, where each channel handles its HTLCs separately.
When a node receives a HTLC, if the payment is destined for them, they will accept the payment by sending the preimage to the node which sent it them (who will forward it on to the node who forwarded it to them).
If the payment is not for them, it will also contain an onion routing packet which specifies *the next channel* to forward the payment along, with an encrypted blob for that channel, which can only be read by the destination channel and not the node doing the forwarding.
This means when you route a payment, you only ever know the previous and next nodes in the payment path - and you have no knowledge of whether these are the start or ends of a payment. You *do not know* who is making the payment, ever, and you do not know who is the recipient of a payment, unless it is yourself.
So a node attempting to censor payments can only ever censor payments arbitrarily. They will never know whose payment they are blocking. Any node which attempts to do this will probably get flagged by its peers as a "bad actor", and they will close the channels they have open with it. Nodes are incentivized to connect only to well-behaved peers who have a high chance of routing successfully.
It may be possible that people can determine who runs a node based on information from invoices - and they can decide not to open channels directly to that peer if they want. They cannot stop anyone else opening channels to that person - so as long as there exists nodes willing to make channels to people, there will always be routing options. Global blacklisting is not possible. If a bunch of nodes attempted to collaborate to block certain nodes from payments, they would inadvertently end up segregating *themselves* away from the network and forming their own network. Multiple lightning networks can exist together (you could say LN forms a forest rather than a graph).
@_date: 2019-01-17 12:03:36
You can't be "pro Bitcoin" and "pro Government legislation" at the same time. Bitcoin has its own rules and operates completely out of the hands of government. Government is powerless to intervene in those rules.
The people affected by these regulations are "bitcoin businesses", which are more generally, companies which operate in the space between bitcoin and fiat. 
These companies are irrelevant and damaging to Bitcoin. They shouldn't need to exist. People should just get back to trading person to person directly on Bitcoin and scrap all of these honeypots designed to derail and stifle real adoption of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-13 17:05:44
But isn't "free speech" just a wolf whistle used by far-right fascist bigots?
@_date: 2019-01-30 21:39:46
My advice would be to start a business. A serious one. Don't let your age get in the way, because you are in no way less capable than any 18+ year old who has finished school or college. The 18 year old will be just as clueless, if not more, about operating a business than a 13 year old, because schools don't teach it. Rather, they "school" most of the creativity out of people and turn them into corporate cogs.
The fact that you're interested in bitcoin and clearly intelligent enough to understand its prospects puts you way ahead of most adults already. You could be a millionaire by the time you've finished school. Don't waste your time doing what most other 13 year olds would do for loose change.
@_date: 2019-01-28 21:18:42
Channels can be recharged: You route a payment back to yourself through another channel and it shifts the balance from the counterparty back to you.
Alternatively, you can pay a refill service to top up your channel for you. This might be done in fiat, as an alternative to fiat to bitcoin exchanges.
Also, channels are bidirectional. They just don't yet allow dual party funding.
@_date: 2019-01-05 09:46:59
"Harness the benefits while managing the risks" is another way of saying "blockchain, not Bitcoin." More hyperbole to try and take attention away from Bitcoin because they are well aware of their eventual obsolescence.
The benefits of Bitcoin are the removal of trusted parties, removal of arbitrary inflation, removal of ability to censor, the enabling of privacy and monetary sovereignty of individuals. Without these you have an expensive and inefficient database.
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:33:23
I figured it out as soon as I read what bitcoin is. It was blindingly obvious. I was kicking myself for not inventing it first.
The only thing that could displace bitcoin is something which is more chaotic by design. If it were possible to have some autonomous chaotic oracle which didn't need to do constant PoW, then we might have something which could replace PoW. Unfortunately, we don't have anything of the kind.
The PoW in bitcoin is the best source of chaos we have. The only way I see to make it better is to increase how chaotic it is by distributing the mining process as far and wide as possible. We need cheaper mining hardware and abundant energy to keep them running.
@_date: 2019-01-25 16:25:33
Bech32 addresses (bc1...) are superior because they guarantee error detection for up to 4 wrongly typed characters. They also eliminate characters which look the same, 1, b, i, o could be mistaken for l, 6, l, 0.
The only issue is that some services do no support creation and/or sending/receiving of bech32 addresses.
@_date: 2019-01-22 14:35:02


Well, doh!
The process is designed to be expensive because this prevents malicious players from having any control of the network. By making it cheaper to run the network, you make it cheaper to attack the network!
No surprise that the dinosaurs at BIS want to make Bitcoin cheaper to attack.
@_date: 2019-01-13 17:34:33
How do you know they're not running a fractional reserve system?
What guarantees do you have that your money is safe if they go bankrupt, "disappear," or are targeted by regulations in the constituency in which they operate, which cause your funds to be locked or otherwise lost?
"Works" is not enough. The banking system "works" to that extent. What do you gain from using LN that you can't do with PayPal?
@_date: 2019-01-17 16:47:46
An ETF is a way to buy fiat with fiat. You're not buying Bitcoin. You're buying a fiat promise to be reimbursed in bitcoin, which will never actually materialize - you'll only ever be reimbursed in fiat at the market rate, maybe.
@_date: 2019-01-19 16:00:07
The nobodies are like people who grew up before the 90s and still never use a computer (except maybe their smartphone). Nothing you ever do will convince them to move. The only thing that can bring them on-board is technology which makes it *even easier* to use than what they're already using (like the smartphone). For most people, that is cards and cash. 
What doesn't matter is the nobodies. Any child who has grown up since the early 90s has been exposed to computers for their entire lives. It's not some alien device which they resist. The same will be true with bitcoin for children who grow up past 2030. The presence of cryptocurrency in the world will be so *normal* that they will not know it any other way. There won't be issues trying to onboard them. By then, the people who have most resisted bitcoin will be pensioners, or will have passed away.
Regulation can only *slow down* this process. It does nothing but hurt innovation and prevent its unhindered adoption. Instead of the next generation learning bitcoin the right way - they'll be drilled about "regulated bitcoin", and have the wrong impression that they need to operate through a bank to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-24 22:30:42
There's 3 different stages which happen. The creation of a channel basically locks up funds in a 2-of-2 signature output on the blockchain. At all times, both parties of the channel have a signature from the other party which allows them to spend the balances they are currently committed to. The transaction is not broadcast until both signatures are exchanged.
Each time one party wishes to alter the balance, they must create a new *commitment transaction*, which changes how the funding transaction gets spent if one of them broadcasts it. The commitment is a transaction with at least two outputs - one which spends *immediately* to the other person, another which spends *after a delay* back to yourself. Any transaction which you broadcast unilaterally has a delay on funds back to you, which gives the counter party a chance to contest it if they have a newer channel state.
In addition to the funds which are known to belong to either you or the other person, there are some "locked up funds" which get spent to other transactions called Hashed Time-Locked Contracts. All money in lightning is sent with HTLCs. These payments are *conditional* on that the payee provides the secret for the HTLC, or that the timelock expires (assuming that both parties are monitoring the chain and are able to broadcast their version of the transactions in a timely manner).
Ideally, you want neither scenario to happen, because claiming the transactions on the chain closes the channel. Instead, each time a HTLC is successful, both parties will negotiate a new commitment transaction which *removes* the HTLC from the channel and the funds that were locked up in the HTLC go to the person they rightly belong to by adjusting the amount in the output which gets spent to them automatically. This new commitment transaction revokes the previous one.
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:22:16
The costs to secure the network being trivial means the costs to attack the network become trivial.
It might be a concern for altcoins, but it isn't a concern for Bitcoin. People will mine Bitcoin even if it is loss making (I've described how elsewhere in this thread, regarding data furnaces). The incentive model of Bitcoin ensures that mining will continue to get more distributed, because is it becomes less profitable to mine, the bigger miners will auction off their equipment to consumers. Consumers will run smaller scale mining operations where they can make risky bets on making a profit without too much investment. Large scale operations cannot afford to place such bets if there is a high chance that the loss would bankrupt them.
On the other hand, the betting in a PoS system favors the biggest holders. Their bet can't be loss making unless they bet wrong (are malicious). Rather than going bankrupt, they'll turn into rent-seekers.
At the end of the day, the purpose of a block chain is not *to enable miners to make a profit*. It is to provide a platform for eliminating trusted third parties. Miners must adapt to the needs of the network, and not the other way round.
@_date: 2019-01-13 15:08:43
I read the HORNET paper and have a bit better understanding of the problems now.
One of the main issues is packet size analysis, where an adversary might be able to monitor traffic flows based on packet size. It seems like Lightning would already be vulnerable to this kind of analysis in its current form if traffic is low and latency is low. Rather than having fixed length packets, would it not be better to randomize (deterministically) the packet size at each hop? Or perhaps require that nodes perform random pings with each HTLC to throw off this kind of traffic analysis?
Another issue is the unlinkability between hops. If an adversary has multiple hops along the route, they could learn something about the route based on the encrypted blob, which is always the same, however, it appears Lightning is already vulnerable to this kind of linkability because the payment hash is revealed to each hop.
HORNET is a bit more advanced than I was looking to achieve. My intention was for a single one-way payload (&lt;64kb) to be sent, but with no session by which the recipient could reply. It's obviously limited, but I think theres still a lot that can be done with 64kb that can't be done with the tens of bytes we can get from the EOB.
Are there any plans to build HORNET style sessions on Lightning?
@_date: 2019-01-01 04:54:59
Whether you start with the payer and try to find the payee, or start with the payee and try to find the payer, it is exactly the same search problem.
The "figure out how many nodes it will take" is what a pathfinding algorithm does. The simplest version of such is Dijkstra's algorithm, but this is expensive because it searches uniformly in all directions of the graph.
There are optimisations such as A*, which assigns a weight to each edge (for example, based on the fee required), such that the algorithm will search the lowest-fee paying routes first. You could use some other heuristic instead of fee if you wanted to optimize for success rate or other metric.
The issue with LN is that the above process will become excessively expensive if the network grows very large. We're far off that stage yet, so the issues do not exist yet. There are other ways we can optimize the search path, but they're not priority to implement because they won't be needed for a while.
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:16:36
PoS predates Bitcoin. It wasn't invented to solve Bitcoin's problems. It was rediscovered by people who didn't understand the problem bitcoin was addressing. PoS simply does not work. It might have some practical uses, but securing the blockchain is not one of them.
Bitcoin is secured by *chaos*. The idea is to increase the chaos as much as possible. The more chaos, the more secure. Attempts to bring order to bitcoin miss the point completely.
@_date: 2019-01-12 12:59:00
I would assume the payer generates both the preimage and the payment_hash, but encrypts the preimage with the payee's public key inside the Sphinx construction.
This way nobody along the route can steal funds, but when the payee receives the sphinx packet, they can decrypt, retreive the preimage, which they must send to the person who forwarded them the money, else they won't be able to claim the locked funds.
@_date: 2019-01-13 00:05:22
Hey roasbeef, out of curiosity, would it not be possible to send some arbitrary length encrypted data (within the limits of a noise transport packet) separately from the onion packet?
Say, instead of the existing `update_add_htlc`, there could be an alternative message for a bigger blob.
    type: ??? (update_add_htlc_with_blob)
    data:
        [32:channel_id]
        [8:id]
        [8:amount_msat]
        [32:payment_hash]
        [4:cltv_expiry]
        [1366:onion_routing_packet]
        [2:encrypted_blob_len]
        [encrypted_blob_len:encrypted_blob]
    * encrypted_blob_len MUST be less than 64,000
Each hop would just forward the blob verbatim. To ensure that no party manipulates the encrypted blob in forwarding, you could commit the SHA256 of the encrypted blob as the authenticated data in the computation of the HMAC at each hop. Any change of the data would result in an invalid HMAC and the onion packet would be malformed. The data can be encrypted with a one-time-key which can be encoded into your EOB which only the destination could decrypt.
Since forwarding bigger packets obviously comes at a cost, one might introduce an additional `fee_msat_per_kbyte` or something, so that intermediate hops who opt-in to transferring larger amounts of data could collect more in fees.
Seems like this would allow much greater flexibility in what can be transmitted with a payment, rather than being heavily restricted with the size of the Sphinx packet. In particular, one could transmit an invoice (or multiple) with a payment, which could serve as a refund invoice, or a sequence of invoices which are intended to be used for a recurring subscription fee or whatnot.
@_date: 2018-12-29 12:54:09
Those (sane) people, although they have good intentions, are absolutely delusional about the affect they can really have on the climate, *if* the problem is as they make it out to be. The only way to prevent the supposed incoming disaster would basically be an economic shutdown, no heating, no bathing, no AC, no private cars, limited electronics use (rationing). It isn't going to happen.
The oil will still get burned. At best they can slow it down a little so oil that would be burned over 50 years might take 60 years to burn. Well good shit, but you have not solved the issue. 10 years delay is not going to fix the climate.
I can agree that we should all do our part, where reasonable, to reduce our energy use, just in case that climate change is really as bad as it is made out to be, that we might be able to lessen the effects a bit. We can't prevent them entirely. It's economical for anyone to reduce their usage anyway, since they can save money. I'm all for developing technologies which help us achieve this, and this is where free-markets providing the most efficient and innovative solutions are needed. Governments are just terrible with money and innovation, and can't fix this shit themselves. Carbon credits would be put to much better use with private enterprises than with government.
@_date: 2018-12-31 12:34:35
When you set up a lightning channel, the funding transaction has a single TXO which requires 2-of-2 signatures to spend. One is your signature, the other is your counterparty's signature.
The channel is open for as long as this TXO remains unspent. As soon as the transaction is spent (by being signed by both parties of the channel), then nobody can respend this money, in the same way that no double spend can happen in a regular bitcoin transaction.
Since you are unable to spend the TXO yourself (you need the other party's signature), then you are not going to be able to try and spend this with any other merchant.
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:02:41


There's multiple possibilities. One for example, is a gun which can shoot the individual who bears false witness against you.
But the false accuser wants protection, *and* they want to falsely accuse you. It might turn out that they can't have it both ways, because the thing that protects them from others' actions is also the thing that judges them for their own actions.
Whether this is the state, themselves, a private security force or whatever else is where people disagree. What is important is that people living together will need to develop some common ground in what is deemed acceptable behavior among themselves, else they will be unable to cooperate. If it is acceptable to falsely accuse people, then at some point, everybody is a scoundrel, because everybody more or less has somebody who hates their guts for some petty reason.
If false accusations become normalized, then the idea of an accusation itself loses its value. People would stop giving a shit about what other people claim because they don't have the resources to investigate the claims. At this point, it would be open season to do whatever, because accusations become plausibly deniable.
Anarcho-capitalism does not mean that people are going to stop cooperating. There still needs to be a common set of values by which people must cooperate due to their locality or the industries with which they trade. Those who are more open to cooperation will prosper.
For a perspective on how such cooperation might be handled without a monopoly on force, see: 
Unfortunately, while there does exist a monopoly on force, it is not feasible for you to shoot your accuser, and so the best option you have in those circumstances might be to use that same force to your own advantage.
@_date: 2018-12-14 15:50:18
Your two definitions of large are not mutually exclusive. Individuals can now be banks (in function). Large just means you are transferring enough money that it is worth paying the fees that on-chain transactions will incur for the secure transfer of assets, which will continue to get more expensive over time.
The difference with the blockchain over banks is that it is not exclusionary, and it is sound money. To bank, you need permission from the state, and the money is arbitrarily inflated. To use the chain, you merely need to have funds to cover the costs, and their purchasing power cannot be arbitrarily reduced. 
If you don't have enough funds that warrant you using on-chain transactions because you can't afford the fees, it is not because you are being oppressed. It is because you cannot afford to pay the costs of the massive amounts of computing power that are being used to secure the network. If you can't afford those costs, you have a couple of options:
Use an alternative system which does not have those costs. For such a system to not have those costs, it will be inherently less secure (less computing power securing it) or less sound. If such system is (or claims to be) as secure, that security is being subsidized by other costs (such as your data being sold to advertisers). If it is less sound, it means your value will lose its purchasing power over time.
Another option is that you can form decentralized cooperatives, where each participant in the cooperative contributes towards the on-chain fees, and the cooperative aggregates the transactions of its participants into fewer and smaller on-chain transactions. This can be done with *sidechains*, *channel factories*, and perhaps other solutions which have not been discovered yet.
Each cooperative will effectively be a "bank", but different from what you consider a bank today, because they will not be subject to KYC/AML (they're not real "banks" after all, they're just network protocols), and there will be vastly more numerous than "banks" because they do not have or require the protection of the state. 
You should probably get rid of the misconception that Bitcoin might get "300mb blocks". It won't. Bitcoin will not get any hard forks increasing block size, and any size increase that might come about by soft-fork (like SegWit), will be carefully considered for its impact on potentially reducing network security, due to its increased cost on running a large network of nodes, and also the feasibility of transferring the larger blocks over bandwidth constrained mediums like Tor, satellite and radio.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:15:27
The only place these "dog whistles" exist is in your heads.
The fact that you still accuse Kavanaugh of rape is a clear demonstration that you do not believe in the concept of innocence until proven guilty. Your eagerness to perform witch hunts without supporting evidence is exactly why people are fed up leftist PC culture and are listening to people with alternative views.
Compelled speech, as in the case of the draconian Canadian laws Peterson was protesting, is an introduction of the idea that *you are guilty until you make yourself innocent*. (You could call it a *revival* rather than introduction, because the original sin of the Abrahamic religions posits the same thing.)
To make yourself innocent, just sign on the dotted line below.
@_date: 2018-12-29 01:19:56
The C# runtime and libraries are all open source and available on github now. They were previously available in code form through the shared source license too. There's also the alternative mono compiler and runtime, which has always been open source.
I think people need to update their dated view of the .NET platform and perhaps Microsoft in general (although keep a fair amount of scepticism as you would for any big company). Nearly all of .NET is now developed in the open with significant community contributions. It's not a Microsoft-only system any longer.
Nuget however, is a security hole in the same way npm, gopkg and whatnot are too. People developing software with strict security requirements should not be using these tools (in any language), and should be carefully curating and auditing their dependencies.
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:05:58
It's the same algorithm.
Sha3 (Keccak) is an option.
@_date: 2018-12-28 03:57:41
There's a middle ground in your question, called agnosticism, which is the only sound state of mind for anyone to have - the realization that you in fact, don't have all of the answers.
There does not exist a human that can irrefutably prove or disprove the existence of "god." For starters, there's no single definition that we can even take as a reference point to even begin comparing.
Your question is merely a way for you to attempt to categorize people into a one of two camps, which are either "with me" or "against me".
@_date: 2018-12-08 23:40:20
You don't necessarily need an always-connected full node like you'd run on a desktop or server. It would be sufficient to have an "eventually full node", where synchronization only occurs when the phone is charging and connected to a wifi network (ie, at night).
Lightning channels are typically locked for 144 blocks (1 day) or up to 2016 blocks (2 weeks). You just need to run a sync at least this frequently.
For daily (mobile) usage, you could fall back to SPV/Neutrino mode, which will be much more efficient because only information since the last sync would need querying, and everything else can be read from the SD card.
@_date: 2018-12-18 05:45:11
Most people are environmentally conscious. The difference with an "environmentalist" is the level of delusion they have about what they can or should force other people to do.
@_date: 2018-12-28 03:12:37
He doesn't say a great deal about the nature of climate change itself, but his stance is against the political actions put forward to combat it, because the proposed cures are worse than the alleged disease they are intended to fix.
If climate change is as big a problem as it is made out to be, then solutions to the problems caused by it will be dealt with by free markets, because there is always opportunity to profit from disasters. Also, anyone who can come up with a way to harvest energy which is cheaper or more efficient than oil is going make an absolute killing anyway, so the incentive is already there without the government interference.
I'm skeptical of AGW "science" because it has been extremely politicized and it becomes very difficult for a spectator to cut out the useful information from the bullshit. Either way, the world is not going to shut down tomorrow and oil is going to be continued being burned until a cheaper alternative is found. Kicking the can down the road will not help - *especially* if in doing so, you cripple economies and cause innovation to stagnate. If any solution is found to the energy problem, I guarantee it will come from a prosperous economy with free markets, and not some socialist utopia where people only shower once a week to do their part "for the environment."
@_date: 2018-12-29 01:29:06
Call it Matreon to appeal to the SJW types. Patreon is clearly part of the patriarchy with their male-superiority naming.
@_date: 2018-12-28 03:34:49
It's a question only binary thinkers would perceive as worth asking.
@_date: 2018-12-09 17:49:51
It's a franchise. Londis do not own the shops. They're all privately owned. They join the "Londis" franchise in order to get discounts and promotions on the goods they purchase. In turn, they have to brand their shop as Londis, and sign contracts stating that they won't purchase from alternative suppliers.
Same is true for Premier (booker), Bargain Booze, etc.
@_date: 2018-12-24 01:30:40
The image looks more like the distributed network. It is displayed using a force-directed graph, which aims to make all edges approximately the same size - this has the result of concentrating the most connected nodes towards the middle of the image.
Your "here is a distributed system" is a real strawman, because all that depicts is a graph where all nodes have cardinality of [2..6]. That is, each node has at least 2 edges, but no more than 6. Such limitations do not exist on LN. You can have 1 edge, or you can have 1,000 edges. Trying to depict LN as something other than a highly distributed network based on your image is ridiculous.
For some better visualizations, check here: 


The answer is it does not matter to you unless you are connected to one of these "hubs" and it goes down. A "hub" wields no additional power. It still cannot censor you, it can't prevent you from routing around it. If people want to open myriad channels, that's up to them. LN is not some socialist system where we must evenly distribute the channels. People will simply open the channels they need, or if there is opportunity to make money, there will be a competitive market for finding the best channels to get the most profit.
You shouldn't be connected to a single node anyway, because that way you have zero fault tolerance if the node you're connected to goes offline for any reason whatsoever. In practice, you're going to probably want something between 8 and 16 channels typically open, which means you'll have a 12% to 6% chance of being cut off. Extremely unlikely.
@_date: 2018-12-15 22:48:33
I use steak. Yes, I like it.
@_date: 2018-12-29 04:09:35
@_date: 2018-12-22 14:13:56
Exchanges who are operating fractional reserves will have unforseen "probems" fulfilling the withdrawal requests. It will be a simple test to see whether exchanges are solvent.
Those who don't join in or wait until the last minute are going to be out of pocket when they find out that their exchange was lying to them.
@_date: 2018-12-14 19:33:43
Computers are still improving, but Moore's Law is dead. Unless someone comes up with some groundbreaking innovations, the performance increases we're going to get each year will continue to shrink. By 2038 I suspect we'll be looking at improvements of a few percent at best. OTOH, we may see custom co-processors designed specifically for bitcoin validation, which could have improvements in orders of magnitude.
Bandwidth still has plenty of room to increase, but the increases are usually only available to dense urban areas initially and take much longer to become available to the wider population. Even though bandwidth increases are happening, the bandwidth being made available to protocols like Tor is still limited and only climbing at marginal rates in comparison.
Some might argue that the block size limit we have today is *too high*, and should've been lower, but we can't necessarily fix this mistake. If that is the case, then we're going to be even more careful about deciding to increase it in future.
If we assume that blocks are filled to 2MB, with 1,008 blocks per week and lets assume 4 weeks in a month. That's 8GB/month of bandwidth. Does your mobile network service plan allow you to transmit this amount of information without additional costs?
One thing that people should not take for granted, is that they'll be able to continue using their regular internet connection to run bitcoin software without the use of hiding services like Tor. Governments seem determined to try and clamp down on Bitcoin, and we must come up with more robust distribution networks which are resistant to their censorship attempts. In places where governments are doing DPI on all internet traffic, people should be looking at receiving block information by satellite, relaying over long distance radio (with frequency hopping), or steganographically encoding blocks into other broadcast media. Increasing bandwidth requirements only makes all of these more difficult, when we should keeping them as simple as possible.
That said, it's certainly possible that we could increase block size, but there's also the issue with getting adoption to pass when developers will always take the conservative (do nothing) approach for any controversial decisions about consensus. The big block attempts have been tried and are failing. Bigger blocks are not what people want.
The more interesting developments aren't about putting more bytes into blocks, but the opposite. How can we improve the efficiency of the information we're putting in blocks so that we need fewer bytes. Or to look at it from a different perspective, block size increases only enable the network to scale linearly if we assume that bandwidth availability scales linearly. Conversely, innovations like sidechains and LN enable the network to scale exponentially. As long as such innovations are possible, we should certainly be prioritizing them over efforts to gain small amounts at the potentially greater risk of reducing network participation.
@_date: 2018-12-14 20:47:17
I don't disagree that people ought to assert their own rights by use of force if necessary. For some it is not feasible.
Bitcoin enables peaceful resistance to power. By using broadcast networks like satellite and radio, the receivers can be completely anonymous and danger is only put on the broadcaster (who might be out of reach of the oppressors).  People could also use short-range radio and wifi mesh networks in urban areas which can evade detection. A completely separate mesh network, unconnected to the conventional internet but hiding alongside it is possible, although we're not at that stage yet.
Anyone taking the right precautions can have plausible deniability of bitcoin ownership. A violent state is powerless against information it doesn't have.
@_date: 2018-12-28 11:02:42
No, I'm putting myself in a belief in the judicial process role. My gender, race or sexuality has nothing to do with these issues. The issue is that witch hunting is being revived through social media and technology companies are trying to become the arbiters of global justice. We have a process that works better. It's not perfect, but its problems are certainly not going to be fixed by socialists and tech elites.
The problem with governments is that they're too big and detached from the people they are meant to serve. States need breaking up and decision making needs to go back to being local and free of interference from big government. I'm not nationalist, I'm cityist. Nations are too big to be efficiently run.