@_author: dismaltourist
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:04:52
Bitcoin got cornered. One entity went and bought every single coin possible. That represented the run-up to 20k.
This means that they bought as many coins as possible in a price range from about 4k -20k.
The price appeared to stabilize over the last 6 months because the operators need to sell all that back to real people for real dollars. The goal here is to take the average of all purchases made, and obviously, sell at a point higher than said average. What appears to be value stabilizing is a careful manipulation to get the corner turned into cash. It is a scary illusion. Don't be fooled.
Price dumping now because the corner operators are done. Or, they might just do it again... My wild ass guess would be that the same entity has done this in previous run ups. Fate and fortune blew in their direction for this last one. Not sure if public sentiment will be able to return to allow an additional attempt. I would call the 4k floor arbitrary. Some legitimate buyers are likely stepping in at this point,but I'd give it some time until the charts show a convincing bottom.
Evidence: I like markets. And some professor let loose with evidence to the above a while back. Stock market used to work like that also until early last century, when we decided to regulate that sort of activity. A century or so ago this activity was widespread enough, and unregulated, that it was common knowledge among the public, and was just assumed to be "how it works". Amusing side note: Look at that! We forgot! And history repeats... (Can still pull it off operating outside the U.S. in a country with less regulation, markets are worldwide.)
Ironically: The whole HODL'er thing plays into their hands beautifully. Wouldn't surprise me a bit if at some time in the future evidence is found of a directed campaign to encourage the idea... The less coins available to be bought, the less the cornering entity has to buy to achieve the corner.
I have had an eye on bitcoin since its inception because I have never seen a currency being born. Pretty rare event historically. Kind of sad watching the mayhem. For this thing to be legitimized, people need to trade like maniacs, and one of bitcoin's primary praised attributes, scarcity (or a set amount of coins), lends it to being cornered, again, and again, and again...
You will notice above I did not mention a single news item or event. Forks, fistfights, hodl'ing, or the zillion other coins that have popped up. Those things made very little difference along the way, and are largely irrelevant. I am of the opinion that 99% of bitcoin news is propaganda and clickbait...