@_author: dismaleconomics
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:47:22
Ok... but what is dictating bitcoin's price ?  The exchanges right ? 
If the exchanges (in aggregate) are dictating the price... then bitcoin's price is "centralized". 
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:18:38
That's not crash.   
A crash isn't a return to a price from 5 days ago.  A crash is a temporary low that lasts for a few days.  
Bitcoin traders or holders have never experienced anything close to a crash.  
Crashes don't feel like a wacky roller coaster. 
Crashes feel like your mother dying or walking in on your wife getting gang banged. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:49:49


Dogecoin has value because it is better at acting as an information carrier for economic data than any traditional currency. 
So why does Bitcoin have so much more "value" than Dogecoin ? 
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:12:58


Ok replace the word "internet" with "computer network".... the basic point still applies... you are just playing with semantics. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:11:20
I'm sorry but very few people were convinced that the Internet would have no value.  In fact, I honestly can't recall ever having heard that.  The value of the internet was and is obvious to most people just as most innovations in mass communication are. 
Long before the internet people would dreaming about technology that would allow us to transmit information, video and images etc around the world.  
I'm really not sure who started comparing cryptos to the internet , but the comparison is completely absurd.  Without some form of an internet or computer network (semantics) , you simply don't have cryptocurrency . 
I'm completely open to the idea that cryptocurrency may represent a huge innovation in the internet age or even be the foundation of a new epoch of the internet, i.e. web 2.0 , 3.0 etc... but it's still the case that  cryptocurrency relies on an network, full stop. It's not the other way around.      
Comparing cryptocurrency to the internet is like comparing a new branch of mathematics to math itself it's hyperbole to a degree that defies basic logic.  
Also I think everyone should consider the idea that Andreas Antonopoulous might... just might have a teeny bit of financial incentive of making some slight exaggerations when it comes to the bitcoin revolution that is going to literally revolutionize not only the human brain and intelligence as we know it, but also the basic laws physics and the nature of time. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:58:10
NONE OF THESE ARE " CRASHES " .  
A crash is more like losing 50% - 100% of a decade of gains in a few days or weeks and then having no sign of recovery for a long painful period of people literally jumping out of windows.
I'm not saying that bitcoin can't actually crash, but the idea that bitcoin traders have experienced anything close to a "crash" is absolute bullshit.  
An actual bitcoin crash would be more like the price of bitcoin going  sub $1,000 or further and staying there for a least a few months if not years.   
In other words, imagine the price dropping to $250 and then trading between $250 and $600 for an entire year.  
Crash or no crash, I STRONGLY urge everyone to take a sensible % of gains because historically in stock market crashes,  when people suddenly lose millions on paper or substantial portions of the networth then they literally freak out to the point of suicide.  
I really don't want to see that repeated with bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:05:15
Given the historic volatility of bitcoin, this isn't a fucking crash.... bitcoin has never had an actual crash.  
Bitcoin traders have no idea what an actual crash feels like and the emotions they will feel if really happens... so sick that you'll literally need to puke or worse.  
During a real crash or depression, trust me... this sub and comment session will vastly different than it does right now.  
It will read be more like a thread from " IAMA 15 year old only child whose parents just died in a plane crash AMA " 
I'm sorry, but people talking about all the "fear" and "panic" that they are going through is laughable to say the least. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:07:35
Good analysis, but I don't think it's accurate to compare bitcoin to big tech companies that are actually generating billions of dollars. 
Without getting into an argument about the value of bitcoin, I think it's helpful to remember that some tech companies  pay a dividend because they are making "real" money.   
Also amongst the big profitable tech companies that aren't paying a dividend, they could if they wanted to but instead choose to reinvest their money to  grow the company.  
Bitcoin can't really pay out a dividend because there is no real world "bitcoin" entity that is making real money.   
For me, that's a very important distinction when discussing an asset's value. 
( I suppose some kind of bitcoin "dividend" could be paid but it wouldn't rely on the straightforward mechanism of distributing a portion of profits to shareholders...  in other words it wouldn't really be a dividend anyway ) 
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:09:21
sooo you are literally making the " it's too big to fail " argument is.  
One problem, due to lack of regulation, there's going to be nothing to temporarily prop it up for the greater good if it does truly crash.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:24:32
yea bro, the free market reigns supreme.  Cut out regulations and let the hand of the market decide and everything will just get better and better. All regulations are the enemy of prosperity.   
Also, Blackbeard and his pirate friends called to let you know that his unregulated market is really taking off. 
Also he has a gun in your mouth and is taking everything you own, including your wife whom he'll be pimping out for 5 pence a go in the lowerdecks after sundown. First come first serve. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:41:40
ok, but if coinbase's policy is to halt service during a panic then they need to transparent about that and make it known that there will be a halt according to some metric ( i.e. a halt will occur if price drops over 50% within a 24 hour period ).  
In my opinion its not very smart or ethical to for coinbase to simply suspend service because " shit is crashing too much for our liking right now and we feel like closing for the day "  
Randomly shutting down for unknown reasons increases uncertainty and erodes trust in their service.  In markets it's commonly thought that uncertainty increases "fear" and fear typically leads lower valuations and sets the stage for panic selling. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:15:19
I love that anything associated with "mainstream" or " the fed " or " the government "  or " wall street "  get's the absurd scarlet letter of " fiat " . 
Yet.... every single celebration of bitcoin's value increase is proudly shown in $$$.... except no mention of boogey man "fiat" whatsoever.   
Bitcoin over $20,000 !  ( in bullshit worthless fiat ! )    
If "fiat" is the devil the why is so much given to bitcoin's price in an evil "fiat" currency  ? 
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:32:35
and if everyone wants to sell in a market, that causes the price the crash.  
But if the market is suddenly "disabled"  then the price will cease crashing to hell.   
I obviously have no idea the actual reason that coinbase went down, but there is a huge incentive for them to prevent a catastrophic crash in the price of bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:15:08
A big LAN party has a bunch of gamers devoting electricity and time and effort in order to solve the problem of winning the game.... that doesn't make a LAN party profitable or give it some kind "tangible" value.  


If the United States collapses you can bet your ass that bitcoin will crash just as hard along with just about everything in the economy aside from guns and butter. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:34:45
you claim you "have no clue" how to bruteforce crack a passphrase, but that "you go through a shit ton of extra security measures blah blah blah "  
Either you are lying about having no clue how to bruteforce a passphrase or you don't know nearly enough about security to be claiming that you provide some sort of robust security measures that people can trust.  
Pick one. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:20:54
if only half the dudes got burned the half the dudes made out great.  
Therefore the market didn't get "owned" whatsoever. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:23:40
This wasn't a circuit breaker.  
A circuit breaker is a halt in trading according to a predetermined percentage drop. It's purpose is to calm panic selling among other things.  
Most importantly everyone knows when circuit breakers are set to kick in.  
Coinbase halted trading because they couldn't keep up with up demand, for the most part traders had little warning this was going to happen. 
Coinbase did not halt trading according to a predetermined policy that was known to everyone trading. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:55:45
The majority of this subreddit is really funny to anyone that has been trading and investing for decades.  
With all do respect, the New York Stock Exchange is 200 years old now. The price of Bitcoin fluctuates due to the same market forces that affect the stock market.  
In this subreddit, I always read posts about the price of Bitcoin as if trading an asset in a market was also a brand new concept invented by the bitcoin community.  
This view may sound harsh, but in terms of buying, selling or even just long term holding, there is a lot of very bad advice constantly thrown on this subreddit.  
I honestly appreciate the rebellious and innovative spirit in this sub, but when it comes to gaining knawwledge about investing, the stock market has been forging ideas for 200 years and I'd think most people here would do themselves a bug favor by learning the principles and theories associated with "traditional" investing. 
All of these principles should  apply just the same to investing in bitcoin.  ( but please just remember to make your best attempt to factor in bitcoin's incredible volatility and what may be a very unique array of selling/buying pressures in contrast to a "traditional" individual stock or bond etc )