@_author: displacedheart
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:46:21


Here in Argentina that means if you're going to accept US dollars via wire then you're going to have to trade them at the official rate as well as pay taxes on them. He's saying that he wants to avoid those restrictions. If you live here, it's pretty clear what is going on. 
Again! I'm not saying I find fault with him wanting to get around those shitty restrictions. Just saying that it's not legal. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:34:46
I guess. As I stated below though, I'm currently working in Argentina and don't want to get arrested for using this service (which is now publicly claiming that they're evading the law). 
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:27:06
I'm not complaining. Just saying they may want to check. 
Also a few differences:
1. Tor is an open source technology.
2. It has a non-profit org behind it geared towards protecting privacy and freedom of speech. 
3. Argentina is an ally
4. Taxes/exchanges are handled differently than violations of blasphemy laws I'm sure. 
5. You're acting as if not paying taxes is a moral imperative.
I'm not upset about it. Just saying that it may be worth checking out if they want to be a legitimate company. I'm not even saying that you should agree with Argentine law (which is crazy on the exchange side). I'm saying, as a company, you can't publicly boast about evading international tax and exchange law. 
Edit: Clarifications and I'm currently working in Argentina and don't want to get arrested for using this service (which is now publicly claiming that they're evading the law)
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:06:42
From your blog:




So you're openly admitting that you're helping Argentines (and others) commit tax fraud, exchange fraud, and break the law in their countries?
I imagine that you aren't worried about prosecution while you remain in the states and the Argentine situation is obviously poor form on the part of their government that you can disagree with, but you are still aiding this illegal transaction which I imagine will cause some problems later on. At the very least you may want to consult an attorney because in US vs. Vilar the court stated that they had a


(Not a direct quote. Can't recall exactly what it was from memory.)
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:57:24
Because he's doing it to get around the restrictions. If this was brought to officials attention then at the very least they would investigate the individual. 
Also, I'm getting rate limited for some reason? I'm going to just leave it at that. I love Bitcoin, but I think we forget that we still have laws to follow until we can get them changed. 