@_author: disreddits
@_date: 2016-08-08 20:09:45
Same e-mail received, same username on both exchanges, date - 07.20.2016, different passwords. There are some (now defunct) exchanges where I've used the same username, however I've been using unique random passwords in all of those aswell (thanks to KeePass).
@_date: 2014-09-30 05:41:03
For your average consumer - yes, which just proves that the cryptocurrency industry is still in its infancy and other startups need to step up their game.
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:58:28
Wow. Such hate. Many aggression.
While I understand your grumpiness and initially was pretty much sceptic about Dogecoin, there are also many aspects that make dogecoin a whole subculture that's pretty much likeable to many. While it may not last, it has had an impact (see raising funds for Jamaican bobsleigh team, supporting various charity events and causes, serving as an excellent exchange medium for gifts and so on).
It's only as childish as you make it. So here's a starter for you and try to learn more about the Dogecoin community...
+10 doge
Also regarding G+, why would it be bad to tip youtube video makers and other original content authours for their work. Does it matter whether it's Bitcoin, Litecoin or Dogecoin, or any other litecoin?
@_date: 2014-09-15 11:34:52
Completely agree on this one, but for now there's [another way]( to purchase games in Steam with BTC and I can confirm that it works and there's no scam (purchased a game last week from there and it was amazingly easy).
@_date: 2014-09-30 05:32:17
I did (~0.0232 BTC), however such ridiculous giveaways just strenghten my inquiry about how are they planning to monetize this. But who's to complain? Free money!
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:38:21
**This is really good news.** Although I was able to try out Circle before open registration (had an invitation) and thought that they made a killer product (excellent first impression combined with a great user experience) I just wasn't sure if it won't be scrapped and forgotten just as many other great projects related to Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general.
Here are just a few reasons why Circle is important:
* It allows converting FIAT to BTC in a matter of seconds;
* Functions as an insured centralized Bitcoin wallet for non-tech people (remember that there are many people out there that think e-mailing is hard, so setting up an standalone/offline wallet is some form of magic for them);
* Circle is a great name and brand (easy to remember, without any bad stigma);
* Superb UI and UX (something that is rarely seen in cryptocurrency related projects);
* Circle's emphasis on tranferring MONEY not magic internet money (Bitcorn/Bit coin/Buttcoin).
Thus Circle can be that one single entity that makes the much needed giant leap for mainstream adoption, since purchasing Bitcoins is easier (and safer?) than ever because of them. Also there are already quiet a bunch of merchants that provide sizable amount of discounts for Bitcoin purchases, which means that by easier access to Bitcoin, mainstream consumers will have a valid reason to acquire coins just so they can purchase products and services on a discount. Increased liquidity and mainstream recognition MIGHT lead to lower volatility which in turn will strenghten the core functionallity and ideology of Bitcoin as a currency.
There are only just a few things I'm still concerned of. Primarily how do they plan to earn money if everything is for free and how sure can we be that our perosnal and/or card information doesn't get into the wrong hands?
Kudos to the Circle developer team!
@_date: 2017-04-09 13:10:11
This is somewhat foolish thought process. If some miner wanted to *block progress*, there would be no need for BU/Classic/XT/Whatever, because that miner can simply choose status quo and not signal anything. Thus all miners, not signalling for SegWit/EC or any other implementation is complicit in stalling progress, not a developer team providing yet another roadmap/direction/scaling solution for the whole system.
@_date: 2017-04-09 18:50:25
That's just an assumption, borderlining as conspiracy theory. Why spend money on promoting/supporting another client JUST to drive away support from already extremely polarizing soft-fork, thet requires 95% supermajority? In 5 months SegWit has gained support from just 30% of miners, majority of said 5 months sitting between 20-30% support, so saying, that most miners don't have anything against SegWit is a bold claim.
The truth is usually much simpler than it appers to those emotionally involved. Jihan (and many others) truthfully support (vocally &amp; maybe financially) EC &amp; FlexTrans (BU/Classic), Extension Blocks or any other, because they consider it superior solution to that of Segwit AND it probably aligns with their current business practices. Whether it is a good thing or bad thing - that's debetable, however this selfishness was predicted in the inception of Bitcoin and said prediction assumed that combined actions of selfish actors will be for the greater good of Bitcoin, as it'll drive up Bitcoin price, thus increasing their profits.
If we hadn't so much misinformation and poop-throwing on all sides of scaling debate, we'd already would've implemented one or multiple solutions.