@_author: disrupturous
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:05:17
A bunch of random numbers why?
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:31:36
Oh the numbers are specific, gibberish characters. It was confirmed into the block chain. I just obscured the address out of an abundance of caution. Nothin against you personally but lurkers could get at it, even though it's only an address. As of two days ago it was still chillin in the block chain. Again I don't know much about the block chain and wallets. I spent days trying to learn how to set up a wallet and learn BTC but it is infuriating to someone who never made it past trigonometry and graduated college with a liberal arts degree. So if I know exactly the address and was confirmed into the block chain, do I still have access to it, provided I know the exact address code? (But am not willing to share it out of paranoia)
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:08:00
Lol. I read up on that. In doing more sleuthing I discovered that I actually did create a blockchain.info wallet...with a catch. I forgot my password and of course lost the 12 word goofball phrase. All of my passwords are unique and unsaved but follow a linguistic pattern so whenever I forget one it's only a matter of time until I guess correctly. While it's great that my BTC is worth ≈7x what it was when I bought it, I'll probably only be kicking my own ass if my $50 investment turns into $1000+ plus which may or may not happen. They removed that rocket coin ATM right when the market spiked btw. It's also kinda hilarious that the rise of BTC is directly related to the propagation of  societal ills. If the world continues down its current path, this is the new gold rush.
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:51:01
Appeensibly psyched. I got the partial coin address from the rocket coin ATM. I wasn't planning on making any transactions. I just wanted to make a low security investment. I've been trying to enlisting friends with computer knowledge, but they've been little help. I'll probably just get my mom's IT guy to help set up a wallet.