@_author: disstopic
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:07:55
She's really cute, that's for sure.  And it's awesome to see some passion, really great.  I just think this level of politik about Bitcoin is a little premature.
The protocol itself is still in development.  I'd say in programming terms it's in alpha, as new features are still being added.  It's not anywhere near ready for mainstream adoption.
The protocols, systems, rules, etiquette and agreement about how Bitcoin works are still being formed.  There is much work to be done and an entire global infrastructure needs to be created.  It's still really early days; it's been amazing to see the support Bitcoin has received so far, but in terms of the journey, it's not even 1% of the way there.
The general average Joe shouldn't be considering Bitcoin as anything more than an idea at this point.  We should welcome his criticism, and address his concerns.  It's not time to criticize or belittle people for feeling comfortable with the system they have, which for all intents and purposes, works pretty well.  It's time to evangelize, to spread the word and to sell the dream.
There are some huge unanswered questions.  Compare Bitcoin to a credit card; well yes it does allow you to buy things online, but it doesn't inherently provide me with credit.  It doesn't protect me from fraudulent merchants.
Compare it to a currency, well people have voted for governments (around the world) who create and control our currencies on our behalf.  It's not as if we don't like or want the current system.  Bitcoin might be different, but there isn't yet a strong case that its better.
The great thing about fiat is that it isn't real.  A bank doesn't need to have actual money to lend you, they can create it.  Can you imagine applying for a home loan and the bank saying "well you're approved, but you'll have to wait until we can mine some more coins before we can lend them to you... could be a while"
So I really like this video.  I really do.  But I like it for its energy rather than its message, which isn't going to resonate.  How long did it take to go from sparkly rocks and seashells to coins?  How long for banks?  How long for the incredible, amazing invention that is fiat currency?  For the people, who usually can't agree on what temperature it is, that this note is worth this much?
Gonna take time people.  No need to rush.  This journey is going to be very long, and the story will be barley told by the time we are all dead.
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:39:57
...because VC investors in the IT space have always historically made wise and frugal investments, especially in new technologies and ventures whose primary goal is to build a user base before monetising.
Instead of trying to invalidate my argument by telling everyone how dumb I am, please, why don't you go ahead and enlighten us all as to how the scenario posed in my original post will be avoided, given the way Circle is currently set up?
Or do you think the world is not full of criminals looking to turn credit card numbers into cash. Maybe this is utopia after all. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:40:50
Aren't scammers just going to sign up with false details behind a proxy / Tor, buy the weekly limit with a stolen credit card, transfer the funds immediately out to their BTC account, rinse and repeat?
How will Circle prevent this?  I just signed up and they asked for very little information.  Sorry guys I know it's supposed to be super cool but this story is not going to have a happy ending.
EDIT:  From their web site:
"Aren’t you open to massive fraud with the credit card thing?
We’re willing to assume the cost of a certain level of fraud, though obviously we will need to tweak instant access and IDV to prevent fraud from becoming untenable. Reducing friction for mainstream consumers simply implies high costs in this domain, and we’re accounting for this in our COGS."
Sorry.  But these poor guys are going to get absolutely caned.
@_date: 2014-11-24 10:14:13
I have been a NAB customer for many years. Perhaps unlike many, I'm the guy who reads the terms and conditions of the accounts (savings and credit) that I have. As far as I am aware, there are no terms or conditions that specifically mention Bitcoin, or that generally prohibit the accounts being used for the purchase, sale or transaction of electronic currencies.
If you or anyone else winds up in this position again, please ask the NAB to show you where, in writing, you have erred.
@_date: 2014-11-26 09:55:16
When I signed up, no bank verification was required at all.  I only provided my credit card details and Bitcoin address for depositing.
@_date: 2016-02-26 13:27:41
No, you were supposed to claim your final balance.  Your claim is what you think you are owed.  Sounds like you've done it right.  As some people have claimed more that what their balance was at the time the system went down, those claims need to be investigated, to see if they are legit or not.
@_date: 2015-11-18 12:57:27
Ugh.  You can order a schooner in scum sucking Sydney.  If you're in Melbourne it's a pot or a pint.  Which makes a lot of fucking sense really, as a pot is also one standard drink, and a pint is two.  Which is great because if you drink one pint in an hour you should be under 0.05 BAC so you can drive home.  Or two pints of light over an hour and a bit.  Ahh.  Refreshing.  A schooner is some weird ass bullshit glass size between a pot and a pint the poncy gits in Sydney like to sip on.
@_date: 2016-05-06 12:43:20
Indeed.  That Satoshi can remain silent when an imposter claims to be him speaks volumes about the scale of his achievement.
I am sure Satoshi, if he is still watching, is taking some quiet comfort and even pride in the fact that not only is the system he designed working, but that the community that has grown around it uses it so effectively to root out misrepresentation.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:27:33
Did they ask you if you'd made a purchase at the Apple store, or if you bought a Macbook laptop?  See the difference?
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:24:38
The perfect method if you want to pay cash.  In this case I simply wanted to transfer the funds from my bank account directly.  I have nothing to hide and I am certainly doing nothing wrong buying BitCoins.  I shouldn't be placed on a list for doing such a thing.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:29:46
He said he would place me on the E-Fraud's list of "Known Bitcoin Buyers" so any flags raised in future from similar events could be safely ignored.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:31:17
Of course a scam was the first thing that came to mind.  I had provided my mobile number to the seller, and perhaps we was going to try to scam me.  So I made sure not only to get the phone number of the fellow calling, but I actually checked NAB's web site where his number was listed as a contact for the E-Fraud division.  A pretty comprehensive scam if he had got a fake number on my banks web site.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:26:53
This is a really good question.  There was a localbitcoins.com receipt number used as the transaction description, but more likely I think is that this seller has (unwittingly) received funds from hacked accounts before, and was quite honest with the bank when an inquiry was made as to what happened to the funds.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:23:08
Without a doubt.  But why does the fact I'm buying BitCoins have anything to do with their concern about account security?  The hacker could transfer funds to any other account, perhaps one set up in a false name and then withdraw or spend the cash.
They have not been concerned about any other personal transfer out of my account in the 20 years I've been banking with them.  Why ask the reason I transferred the money?  Why not simply ask if I was aware of and authorised this personal transfer for such and such amount on such and such date to whoever it was to?
Obviously they have flagged the receivers account, probably following an incident, and their flag is raised when funds are transferred there.
While I agree it is completely plausible this is simple fraud protection, it could also be that the bank wants to be able to provide a list of confirmed BitCoin users to... somebody... when asked.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:39:14
Yes well I'm not scared.  Perhaps a little disturbed and maybe offended.  If the matter is closed and no more comes of it, fair enough.
But if there is any impact on me or my life in any way from this, I'm launching a media campaign.
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:28:46
I sent him a quick note to let him know.  He has many completed transactions with positive feedback, so I'm confident he will have heard of such things ocuring before.