@_author: distantflapjack
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:51:02
Wait hold on.
Why are you smiling when you say that it’s a deflationary currency? If it’s deflationary, everyone will want to hold on to their money instead of spending it. If people are holding onto money, then less money is being spent. If less money is being spent, there is less money in the economy. When there is less money in the economy, there are less jobs etc. available. When there are less jobs available in the country, its quality of life starts tanking.
A deflationary currency is poison. I don’t know why you’d think it’s a good thing.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:13:37


And because he’s having to exchange it, it isn’t a valid currency in Europe. That’s entirely my point.


The currency used by the most amount of people in the country you’re sending it to use.


You’re talking about how good BTC would be if it were a currency. That’s neat and all, but my point is that it *isn’t* currently a currency. I’m not talking about whether or not it *should* be a currency at all.


It’s worth about $5000/BTC. I’m telling you it isn’t a currency.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:06:22


That’s different.
Let’s say two Europeans make a bitcoin transaction. A gives B 10 BTC (for like a car or something, doesn’t matter). Now B has 10 BTC, obviously, but where can he spend it? Well, he could find somebody else interested in BTC and purchase something from them with it. That seems simple enough. But what if he really needs to pay rent right now? What is the likelihood that his landlord accepts BTC? What if he needs groceries? What if he wants to buy a pizza? What if he wants to watch Netflix? It goes on and on and on.
If A had given B 35,000 Euros none of this would be an issue for B. He could have gotten everything he reasonably wanted for Euros, but he couldn’t with Bitcoin. That is what “widely accepted” means. It has to be accepted enough so that somebody can reasonably expect to live their lives using it, and only occasionally converting to other currencies during special circumstances.
As it is right now, Bitcoin is an asset people just hold onto in hopes that they can sell it for more of their chosen fiat currency, or a commodity people trade for goods and services, but *almost always* exchange it back to a fiat currency at best.
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:57:47
I can see where you’re coming from, but I can’t agree. By that logic, anything used for barter is a “currency.” Eggs, firewood, cars, bananas, etc. can all be considered “currency”  because you can trade all of them for other things under the right circumstances. 
It’s a fair definition, but a useless one. If there’s to be a line drawn between commodity and currency it has to be with how frequently/widely it’s accepted within any given community, and how often it’s used as a medium through which commodities are exchanged. (eg: You sell a car for dollars, then use the dollars to buy something else. You don’t sell dollars for a car, then use the car to buy something else.)
In both of these respects Bitcoin fails heartily, so it isn’t *really* a currency in pretty much any community.
Now, you can disagree with these qualifiers if you wish, but then there’s no reason to differentiate between currency and commodity at all, so this conversation is pretty pointless.