@_author: distinctsituation
@_date: 2018-08-11 12:26:46
Do you have any specific points to refute?
Bitfinexed has been very influential in informing everybody about the shady activities surrounding Tether. So far, Tether have not been able to refute anything he has put against them, because they have still not produce their promised audit.
@_date: 2018-08-10 12:05:41
Who is this Hoskinson guy?
@_date: 2018-08-10 21:21:52
I'm willing to bet that this scheme was organized by CSW or his handlers, and they'll uncover some "evidence" that CSW is Satoshi, in order to further convince halfwits that he is the one.
@_date: 2018-05-12 18:58:03
Same color as an inmate's uniform. Looks like he is holding his hands out waiting to be cuffed.
@_date: 2018-08-15 19:38:19
The reply by Giacomo Zucco makes a valid point refuting this, and really refuting the idea that *any* altcoin has any long term utility. They completely misunderstand that the scarcity of Bitcoin is one of the key motivators which provides its value. If you can print your own currency from nothing, and dilute the overall currency supply, the whole cryptocurrency project is a failure.
Currently there is a craze where people are willing to throw money at anything to see what sticks. It might be profitable for some, others will make a loss. Eventually the hype will die down as 99% of these projects fail, simply because they misunderstood Bitcoin.
If you have an idea which you think has some real utility, then the only way you're going to survive long term is if your token value is pegged to Bitcoin's, for example, via a sidechain. If you've made your own token, it will fail. Someone will come along, copy your idea, but peg it to Bitcoin, and he will succeed - because he can provide the same utility without diluting the overall currency supply, and without requiring more proof-of-work because it is already provided.
The only way I see LTC having long term utility (because it does not inherently provide anything that Bitcoin doesn't already), is if the value of Bitcoin becomes so large that it becomes infeasible to use Bitcoin for small purchases because it cannot be divided any futher. If LTC can cater for small payments, by virtue of being a fraction of BTCs value, it it will not significantly dilute the overall supply, and might have a long-term utility. Charlie calls it "silver to bitcoin's gold," but I think it'll be more like "the cent to bitcoin's dollar".
@_date: 2018-05-18 21:46:57
Monopoly money
@_date: 2018-05-18 21:25:37
The Lightning Network is facing a huge backlash from BCH luddites
@_date: 2018-05-01 18:29:57
Miners compute a cryptographic hash (double SHA256) of all of the transactions to be included in the block. The purpose of a cryptographic hash is that it's a one-way function, which given some arbitrary inputs, produces a single output number with an extremely low probability that two inputs could produce the same output. It is practically impossible to determine the inputs for a given output if all you have is the output number. If you do already have the inputs, it's fast and simple to verify that they produce a given hash output.
The idea is that the value of the hash must fall below a certain number called the "target". The target just implies that the number must be preceded by a certain quantity of zeroes. The target is adjusted automatically based on the average time taken to mine each 2016 blocks, in order to try to keep it to one block per 10 minutes on average. 
Miners basically pick random numbers (or count from zero in sequence), and perform the hash algorithm on their list of transactions plus the random number. If the hash output found falls below the target, then this becomes a valid block, and is added to the blockchain, from which people begin to mine the next block. Each block contains the hash of the previous block. Mining becomes exponentially harder as the number of zeroes the target must have increases, but it always takes the same amount of time to verify a hash.
The extreme difficulty to produce the same output from different inputs means that once a block is mined and included in the blockchain, it becomes immutable. Nobody will be able to modify any of the transactions in the block, because it would produce a completely different output, and because block contains the previous block's hash, an attacker would need to modify *all* of the blocks up to the current one in order to modify anything.
The transactions include a "coinbase" transaction which sits at the front of the list of transactions. The coinbase transaction rewards all of the fees in the block, plus a subsidy (which was 50 Bitcoins, halving every 210000 blocks, which is just under 4 years). The miner will pay the coinbase to themselves to gain the reward. The coinbase transaction is also used as a source of randomness, and usually used to identify the mining pool which mined the block.
@_date: 2018-05-08 10:09:55
You wouldn't need to open a channel directly with the coffee shop as you can route payments through other *hops*. Hubs is not the right word because it implies that there is some kind of privileged agents who are allowed to route payments while others are not, but in the lightning network, everyone with 2+ channels open is a 'hub'.
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:23:55
If you're not using a seed phrase, best thing for you to do is "dumpprivkey" or "dumpwallet" with bitcoin-cli, or the console window in bitcoin-qt. Print out the private keys onto a piece of paper, laminate it and store somewhere safe. It's best not to keep multiple wallet.dat files around, as the chances of it leaking increases each time you copy it digitally.
But best practices now are to use a wallet which supports BIP39, which is a 12 or 24 word phrase, which can be used with a secret passphrase to seed the master private key in a wallet. If you write down the words, or use something like a cryptosteel/billfodl to store them, then you can recover the wallet on any device/wallet which supports BIP39. Don't write down the passphrase though, you should remember that like you would a password.
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:16:19
Don't close it unless you *need* to settle the balance on it. The idea of LN is that you'll eventually open several channels and you'll earn fees by routing small payments through your node. The balances on each of your channels will adjust and re-balance as you route payments for other people, so it may be the case that the 0.002 on your existing channel will be shifted back to you, at the expense of 0.002 on another channel shifting away from you (minus fees).
If you're going to open and close a channel after each payment, you're wasting your time on LN as it's less efficient than conducting a regular P2SKH transaction that way.
@_date: 2018-05-22 07:02:22
Every block contains a set of transactions. Transactions are typically in the region of ~250 bytes, but can be bigger or smaller depending on the number of inputs and outputs. A block contains as many transactions as they can fit into the block, which is limited currently to 1MB (or slightly more with segregated witness data).
Miners are incentivized to include as many transactions as they can in their blocks, as they earn a transaction fee of each one. Every transaction miners received will be held in memory, and the miner will include them into blocks as they see fit, which usually means they will sort transactions by amount of fee paid, to maximize fees earned from the block.
@_date: 2018-08-02 02:38:33


An mining majority *can* censor Bitcoin transactions. They just need to ignore any block containing transactions they don't like, and those blocks will get orphaned because the mining majority will always produce the longest chain.
The only way to counter this is to cripple that mining majority's power, by re-decentralizing mining, by eg. changing the PoW algorithm used (perhaps frequently, like Monero, to deter ASIC creation).
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:56:58
Bitcoin isn't secure against rubber hose cryptanalysis 
@_date: 2018-05-25 08:43:24
Perhaps you don't understand how the controlled supply works.
The last whole Bitcoin will be mined over ~8 years, and will be split over ~400,000 blocks.
No "someone" is going to get rich of scraps like this. They'll be earning much more in miner fees. It's likely that miner fees will far surpass the block subsidy within the next 20 years, and fees will make up the bulk of mining revenue.
@_date: 2018-08-12 21:02:45
It is bad news ... for the gullible fools who invest in Bitmain.
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:16:55
The BIPs are the specifications, and Core is the sample implementation of those specifications.
@_date: 2018-05-08 19:54:29
Bitcoin Core could really do with a 1-click button to upgrade a legacy wallet to a segwit-enabled one wallet. At present, if you have a legacy wallet, you have to backup your wallet, reload the client, create a new wallet, create some segwit addresses to send your funds to, then backup that wallet, swap back with your previous, reload the client, send funds to your new segwit addresses (when the mempool is small), then load back your new segwit wallet, at which point you can discard your old one. Oh, and reload the client again to use.
What kind of fucking joke is that?
@_date: 2018-05-22 06:12:15


Exchanges don't necessarily own much Bitcoin themselves, but they facilitate the transfer of it between different parties, by taking a fee from the transfer.
An exchange is a market place where users can place offers to sell Bitcoin at a particular price, and other users can bid to buy them at a particular price. All of these offers are The difference in what people are willing to sell at and what people are willing to buy at is called the "mid market price", and is usually quite a small difference which continually moves as trade occurs.
When you use the plain old "buy" function in an exchange, you are placing a market buy order, which will purchase the Bitcoin at the lowest price someone else on the exchange is willing to sell at, and the exchange will typically take a small percentage of the Bitcoin you purchase as a fee for facilitating the trade. Some exchanges facilitate the trade for free, but charge you a fee to withdraw the money.


Miners prevent double-spending of money by putting transactions into a continuously growing, timestamped database, where each user can view the history and see if an amount of Bitcoin's have previously been spent. The first transaction in the blockchain which spends a previously unspent transaction output (UTXO) is the only valid one, and any attempts to re-spend the same Bitcoin are rejected by miners as part of the consensus rules of the network.
Before Bitcoin, it was previously necessary to have a centralized third-party to prevent double spending, because that third party would validate whether or not an amount has already been spent, and reject further attempts to spend. Bitcoin enabled the first non-centralized prevention of double spending by requiring that a certain amount of computational work is required to "mine" a block and add it to a chain of blocks, such that in order to try to rewrite the history of the chain, you would need to put in more computational effort than had previously been put in by all of the miners, which is completely unfeasible unless a single party, or colluding group of parties managed to gain more than 50% of the computational power used to mine the blocks.  Even at 50%, they only have a slightly higher probability of mining the next block, but since by default, Bitcoin requires your transaction to be 6 blocks deep to be considered, a group of colluding miners would require something like 90% of the networking hashing power to have slightly over a 50/50 chance of successfully rewriting 6 blocks to become the longest chain.
Mining requires a lot of computational resources and uses a lot of energy to perform. In the case of having to use several thousand $ of energy to mine just one block, colluding miners would need to spend large amounts of money to attempt to re-spend a previously spent transaction, with low probability of success, whereas if they mine honestly, each block they successfully mine rewards them with all of the transaction fees which were paid by transactions included in the block, plus a subsidy which decreases every 4 years. This makes miners financially incentivized to play honestly by the rules, as they earn money, whereas trying to attack the network by double spending, has a pretty high probability they will lose money in the electricity costs they spend to mine blocks which the network will reject.
The mining subsidy is how the currency is created and injected into the market. Rather than just create 21M bitcoins in a lump sum at the beginning of the network, [Controlled Supply]( built into the protocol awards the miners the subsidy, which halves approximately every 4 years (210000 blocks). This started at 50 Bitcoins per block, and is currently at 12.5, due to halve again in 2021. Eventually, the subsidy will be 0.00000001 bitcoins, and will be unable to halve any further, which will cap the total supply of Bitcoins indefinitely. This will be in ~2140, and there will result in 20999999.97690000 Bitcoins created in total since the genesis block.
@_date: 2018-05-24 20:07:29
Oh you're right. I thought I read about them opening in a fab in China, but just checked and they have one being built, but it's not going to do 7nm, so guess I was over-concerned.
@_date: 2018-05-24 20:06:12
afaik, the DragonMint T1 from Halong use 10nm, which are fabbed by Samsung.
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:54:18
Bitcoin's value proposition is already suffering, because there is (already/almost) a de-facto third party in control of the chain. The value proposition of Bitcoin depends on no minority being in control of the system. Without sufficient decentralization of resources, we have something that is no better than a bank. It's much, much less efficient than Paypal.
But non-technical people don't give a shit. They just see it as a speculative asset and will play the games in attempt to profit. They are not looking at Bitcoin as a system which can liberate people from banks.
The concern is that when mining becomes completely centralized (inevitable at this rate), and cryptocurrencies are widely adopted, then we have Banking 2.0, and a small cabal of mining farms will form some kind of think tank, where they agree that censorship is acceptable, as long as they're only censoring "bad money". They'll invite miners to join their think tank and implement the censorship list. The masses will swallow this shit in the same way they accept that their government implements KYC/AML "for the public good," when in fact, they are there primarly to protect their own monopoly on money laundering.
And although you could switch to another cryptocurrency which doesn't have censorship, few merchants will accept it. It will probably be illegal to accept "unregistered cryptocurrencies", enforced by guns. We already see this happening in Japan, where Monero is effectively banned, and the public, seem not to give a shit.
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:50:58
Everyone should watch "The China Hustle".
Particularly with the upcoming Bitmain IPO. How much do you really know about Bitmain? Their newly "improved transparency" almost seems like a prank.
@_date: 2018-08-13 20:12:51
It will take as long as it takes for the internet to migrate from IPv4 to IPv6.
In the mean time, you can still use it.
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:05:54
US$5M/BTC by 2040.
@_date: 2018-05-11 15:08:12
I think GP meant you should fund the channels (with arbitrary amounts), at 1sat/Byte fee transaction cost to open the channels.
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:10:55
Safer, yes. Nothing is inherently secure, but Windows has a long history of security violations which isn't shared to the same extent with other platforms.
Ideally you should be using Qubes, with a dedicated guest VM for each cryptocurrency you use, plus a hardware wallet, especially important on a mobile device (where Android is not very safe)
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:44:19
Yes, the big lie of Bcash is that users shouldn't run their own full nodes if they're not mining. They want miners to be able to decide the rules without gaining support from the majority of *all network participants*, and they present a false narrative that mining nodes are the only nodes that make the network run, and non mining nodes are irrelevant.
Mining only secures against double spends. It does nothing to protect users against [eclipse attacks]( and reducing the diversity of validating nodes makes such attacks easier to pull off. The larger the diversity of nodes, the more difficult it would be to pull off such an attack.
Miners must be treated as potential adversaries in the network, as they could collude to adjust parameters in the network which benefit all miners collectively (perhaps at the cost of non-miners). It's not enough to just assume that miners will compete on every detail, they will always do what is economically advantageous to them, and if they have nobody to answer to (the non-mining network participants), then they have free reign to push the network in their favor.
Ultimately, running a full node is a voting right. You vote, by running the software client of your choice, which chain of blocks you want to conduct your trade over. Cashies don't like that you can decide this, because they want you to always conduct your trade on the chain of blocks that their miners tell you to, because if you don't agree to this, how can they hard-fork the network freely to push it in whatever direction they want to?
@_date: 2018-05-16 16:29:06
That's an inefficient Merkle Tree
@_date: 2018-05-06 12:47:34
I'm a developer and I contribute. I agree in principle that we shouldn't rush things rather than doing them right, but those idealistic goals will be lost on the masses, who have only heard of Bitcoin, and don't know what it is or how it works, and just want to get in out of FOMO, without attempting to understand what it's about.
Most people have no idea what a PC can do for them, what the difference between Linux and Windows is, for instance, but they will usually use Windows because it comes pre-installed on any PC they buy, unless they deliberately go out of their way to find the alternative.
If people with big pockets and marketing agencies start pushing their toy projects into the larger public space, additionally using smear campaigns against Bitcoin to sell their coin, then they're going to gain larger market shares of people, despite inferior technology. You can't expect the majority of people to understand the technology behind Bitcoin, so they're always going to end up having to trust what one party says anyway, and as we've seen throughout history, trust is very easily misplaced. (i.e, people used to treat being a banker as an honest, upstanding profession)
@_date: 2018-05-12 19:08:05
If that were the case I'd run a fucking mile.
I've never ran a mile in my life.
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:55:45
He is talking about "X on the blockchain", where X is some oracle.
@_date: 2018-05-08 16:41:35
Every node is equal because every node can decide how much money to put into a channel. Just because somebody has more money or more channels open does not make them any more privileged, they just have a slight competitive advantage over a person who has little money.
Remember these fees are tiny, and collecting fees by running your own node will probably not even cover the electricity cost of running a raspberry pi. If you have to route through a few extra hops, the additional fees are *millisatoshis*.
Capacity of single channels does not necessarily mean anything anyway. If I want to pay say, 1 BTC to some node, but there's no single channel that has that capacity, there will be no reason I can't send 0.5 BTC through one route, and 0.5BTC through another route to cover the transaction, it will just mean paying double the fee, which is still tiny.
There may be incentive to connect to some highly-connected nodes, and if someone can make a profit from these tiny fees, good on them. You can too! You don't need someone's permission to open a bunch of channels.
@_date: 2018-05-19 05:32:46
Leaf nodes in a Merkle Tree are the hashes of some arbitrary content which the leaf represents.
A branch node in the Merkle tree is purely just a hash of the concatenation of the hashes of all of its child nodes.
Because changing any data in any leaf node would produce a new hash for that leaf, the branch node would need to be updated too to reflect the new value of its child, which in turn would produce a new hash for the branch itself, and so forth, all the way up to the root node of the tree.
 For example, if you have a tree where to root node just contains two children, which are leaves, which represent some content A and B, then the values of those leaves are HASH(A) and HASH(B). The value of the root node is HASH(HASH(A) || HASH(B)) , where || is concatenation.
This makes the tree immutable without mutating the Merkle Root itself, and the Merkle Root acts as a content-identifier to identify all of the content in the tree.
With the use of cryptographic hash algorithms, it becomes essentially impossible to mutate even a single bit in any of the content represented by the leaves, without significantly changing the Merkle root
@_date: 2018-08-12 23:46:32
The answer is Yes.
Coinbase's stance is irrelevant. When the state comes knocking, they'll bow.
@_date: 2018-05-19 16:18:55
A seed doesn't "contain" keys, it produces them. The creation is done using one way functions, so it is not possible to derive the seed phrase from existing keys, although there are possible ways you could serialize your existing keys using a word dictionary, existing wallets using the BIP-32 and BIP-39 standards create the seed first, then derive the keys.
The seed, created by BIP-39, is made from 128 to 256 bits of random entropy. A checksum of `first(sha256(entropy), size(entropy)/32)` is appended to the end, making for example 132 bits, or 264 bits.
This sequence is then broken into 11 bit chunks, and each 11 bits represents an index in a fixed dictionary of 2048 words.
So to regenerate the entropy from the words, you find the index of each word in the dictionary, append that index into a sequence of bits, then finally, the size/32 bits should be cut from the end, as they're the checksum on the entropy. You run sha256 on the remaining bit sequence and confirm that the checksum matches the first size/32 bits of the resulting hash.
HMAC-SHA512 is then used with the seed entropy as the key and pbkdf2("mnemonic&lt;PASSPHRASE&gt;") as the salt, with "&lt;PASSPHRASE&gt;" being determined by the user. The first 256 bits are used as the master private key. The second 256 bits are used as the "chain code", for generating further private keys in a deterministic way. Essentially, the master private key is concatenated with an index, in normalized 4-byte form, meaning 2^32 possible child keys, and then HMAC-SHA512 is performed again, using the chain code as the secret. The full process of this is defined in BIP-32, but you can have an arbitrary nested hierarchy of wallets because each HMAC produces another private key and chain code which effectively work as the seed for another possible 2^32 keys.
For detailed reading, you should check out Andreas Antonopoulos's book "Mastering Bitcoin", as it has examples of deriving these using Python and libbitcoin. There are several other implementations in different languages. If you check the [BIPs]( they list various implementations at the end of the document.
@_date: 2018-05-15 16:39:04
I personally don't like the term "bits" because it already has a use in computing. "kbit" is additionally confusing, and there are even suggestions of referring to 10 mBTC as "millibit", which is another world of confusion because it's inverting the nature of "mili" as an SI prefix, whereas 1mBTC is pretty clear what it means. I also don't really see the need for having a "bit" terminology. The distinct unit of currency is the satoshi and we don't necessarily need additional denominations. Many countries only have a single unit of currency, such as they Yen or Dong. (Historically they may have had smaller units, but inflation has driven them out).
At 1BTC = ~10,000 USD, A Dong is approximately half a satoshi, but the minimum note in circulation is 200 Dong, making 100 sats the minimum unit of exchange at the current price value. Also a Won is approximately 10 sats, a Yen is approximately 100 sats, and 3 Kuwaiti dinar are ~1Msat (the world's highest valued national currency). Of course, these magnitudes could change because Bitcoin still has room to grow between 100-1000x what it's currently valued at.
We should refer to things in satoshi, or sat for short, and we should use internationally recognized prefixes for magnitudes ksat, Msat to refer to them formally (being careful to properly capitalize the M, as msat is common terminology in the Lightning Network).
But colloquially, it doesn't make sense for every country to refer to the same magnitude of currency, as their national currencies have distinct magnitudes which they are familiar with, and having to convert magnitudes is an extra burden. Some languages also do not think in the same orders of magnitude (powers of 3), because they have distinct words for example, 10,000. In Japanese, 1 "man sat" = 10,000 sats, and a million is a "hyaku man" (1 hundred ten-thsouands), and an "oku sat" would be 1 BTC. They'd also pronounce Sat as either "sato" or "satto", despite it originating from a Japanese name, the western abbreviation of it is not pronounceable to them in the same way.
So my opinion is that each country choose where to stick the decimal point in Bitcoin in order to make the conversion to their national currency within an order of magnitude, and should pick a distinct name to refer to that magnitude of currency, such that there can be many names to refer to the same unit, but formally, we can easily do the conversion using SI prefixes.
0.0001 BTC, or 10ksat, has been fairly close to units of USD, EUR, GBP, RMB at current prices for a while and should probably have one or more distinct names besides referring to it in hundreds of bits, microbitcoins or tens of ksat.
Perhaps some exchanges and wallet software developers could poll respective languages/countries to request input on terminology, as such an effort could gain wider publicity and also get people more interested if 1&lt;national_currency_unit&gt; ~= 1&lt;new_bitcoin_denomination&gt;. I know there have been polls in the past which have decided on "bit" and such, but these have been conducted almost exclusively in tech oriented forums with mostly western users.
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:23:15
As long as you've done it for each unspent output (as they each use different private keys in a default wallet).
Probably best is if you use {dumpwallet outputfilename} which will give you the full list of private and public keys in your wallet as plaintext.
@_date: 2018-08-02 02:51:09
LN invoices use Bech32 encoding, which is a type of address encoding introduced into Bitcoin, addresses beginning "bc1...".
Bech32 addresses have a checksum which can detect a guaranteed 4 incorrectly typed characters, and potentially even more. The address will fail to validate if you make a typo. Additionally, it can *auto-correct* 1 or 2 errors, although implementations are not recommended to implement automatic error-correction, but should instead provide suggestions to the user.
@_date: 2018-05-08 10:37:59
A full bitcoin will be worth more than a million.
There are ~30M millionaires globally. Only a maximum of 2/3 of these can become bitcoinaires, and that's assuming that the rest of the world are fighting for scraps (satoshis). In practice it'll probably be fewer than 5M bitcoinaires.
Or if you look at it another way, by around 2040 we'll need to condense about $100trillion+ worth of economic activity into 20M BTC, which will put each BTC at $5M+.
@_date: 2018-05-24 14:24:04
It's more than likely that the actual chips are fabbed by TSMC or GlobalFoundries, which either way, means they are probably manufactured in China, and since we know China does not give a fuck about IP, it's more than likely we'll see a dozen clones by next year.
Possibly a good thing. If there are many more companies producing chips and not caring about IP, we'll be closer to having commodity ASICs as they will all be competing in manufacturing costs, distribution costs, and scale.
@_date: 2018-05-08 15:00:05
If LN sees success, most nodes will be well-connected. There might obviously be some more well connected than others (having thousands/millions of open channels), but it is never necessary to route payments through such nodes and there will always be alternative routes. "Hub" isn't a good word because it implies a hub and spoke network, where payments *must* be routed through the hub to reach another spoke, but this is simply not the case - the spokes can connect directly. It's more like a spider's orb web than a wheel, where the normally connected nodes are the radial threads, and the well-connected nodes are the circular threads which intersect a large number of them. There's multiple circular threads, if one is broken, the web still functions normally.
@_date: 2018-05-06 12:38:22
There are other potential solutions, such as sidechains, which can enable separate ledgers from the main Bitcoin chain, but share the currency. The big issue with sidechains is that miners could potentially mis-allocate funds when transferring them between chains. Miners who mine the main chain should not need to be concerned with sidechains, but they ultimately need to verify transactions coming from the sidechain back to the main chain, or the miners themselves could misappropriate the funds by sending them to a different address.
There's been a number of ideas to try to prevent this. Perhaps the best so far is Paul Sztorc's Drivechains, where transactions coming back from a sidechain onto the main-chain must undergo a kind of "race" towards a goal over a period of 3 months, where miners on the main chain should advance a transaction from a sidechain toward the goal faster than a collaborating group of dishonest miners could push a fake transaction to spend the funds (with the fallback of a UASF before funds are misappropriated, but this itself vulnerable to sybil attacks).
If anyone could *solve* the sidechain problem, it would be technically possible to run any other cryptocurrency technology as a sidechain, such that they share the base currency. (For example, you could have a version of Etherium which exists as a sidechain). Sidechains could have arbitrary rules, because the rules don't touch the main chain. The currency on a sidechain doesn't necessarily need to have the same monetary value as Bitcoin on the main chain either.
LN can arguably achieve the same kind of thing with cross-chain atomic swaps. Since everyone compares the current price of their cryptocurrency to Bitcoin's anyway, Bitcoin would still be the main chain as a kind of global currency standard, with other cyptocurrencies offering what sidechains were posed to offer. This is why most effort has been put towards developing the lightning network over sidechains, under the assumption that other currencies will provide the basic functions needed to do the kind of HTLCs needed for atomic swaps.
LN shouldn't just be considered a "Bitcoin layer 2", because it really goes beyond Bitcoin. It will be the primary medium for exchange of cryptocurrencies (since you don't need trust in atomic swaps, as you need on exchanges now).
@_date: 2018-08-10 16:59:52
Why didn't he submit his complaints to the ethereum technical team?
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:47:25
1 Bitcoin is still 1 Bitcoin. I've not lost anything.
@_date: 2018-05-09 10:18:57
Do you also have the dates of their obituaries?
@_date: 2018-05-09 16:39:21
Subscribe to the bitcoin-dev mailing list.
There's r/mimblewimble which doesn't have much content, but gets occasional updates. Most of the work is being done as a new project called grin (on github).
Also take a look at the BIPs which are still work-in-progress, and the issue trackers on the bitcoin repositories.
@_date: 2018-05-09 09:31:49
Yes, most people won't profit from a Rasp Pi. The point is that a Rasp Pi uses around 3.5W of energy and it's negligible for the cost of doing business. There will probably be even more energy efficient ways of doing it, like running the node directly on your home router which is online 24/7 already anyway. Or directly on your phone as it becomes practical to hold the entire blockchain on your phone.
I'm not sure whether Lightning can be profitable for anyone at all. Sure you can route fees for huge amounts of people, but the fees are incredibly low, and if you try to increase them beyond what other nodes have, people will just route around you. I really can't see people making gigantic hubs where they have a *high risk*, because loading up large amounts of Bitcoin into hot wallets for LN makes them a prime hacking target.
The multi-path payment is not implemented yet, it's still in design, but it will be possible to completely automate it. [
@_date: 2018-05-19 08:42:00


It's **exactly the same** model Bitcoin uses. In Bitcoin, you copy an address into the exchange to send you funds to your wallet. In LN, you copy a node id rather than a Bitcoin address. You still get the funds delivered to your wallet, except it's a Lightning wallet.


LN is not user friendly at present because it's purely CLI tools and a send-only Android wallet. There's no proper GUI for it yet, but they will come.


Give me a break. How many web users understand HTTP, or even TCP/IP?
How many Bitcoin users have even heard of Secp256k1 and know that it secures their wallets?
Every additional layer hides details from the user. Lightning Network isn't an application layer people will deal with - they will deal with many different kinds of applications built upon it. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 10:13:12
The golden rule is: If it needs an oracle, it doesn't need a blockchain.
Things that need an oracle may find some use as systems attached to an existing currency (eg, a sidechain or token) for purposes of purchasing the asset, but they're not trustless assets, because ultimately some person(s) or organization(s) run by people must issue them, and this is the single point of failure every time.
What's to stop these entities from creating false identities?
How do you even get every "new citizen" onto a blockchain? Do you give every midwife a master key so they can mutate the blockchain every time they deliver a baby? If so, who decides who is a midwife and has a master key? Who decides who decides this, and so on? You're going to go in a roundabout circle to recreate the hierarchical systems we already have in place.
These systems may benefit from having a distributed public database for purposes of transparency and accountability. They don't need a blockchain.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:18:44
r/btc, which Roger moderates, has a censorship problem of its own. You get massively down-voted for anything which is not pro-BCH, even if it's factual statements, and false pro-BCH statements get upvoted in the same thread. Then you have to wait 10 minutes between making posts, which of course prevents you from having reasonable discussion because you'd end up wasting your time waiting to reply to people.
r/btc is 90% memes and inferiority syndrome posts complaining about Bitcoin anyway. He doesn't need to moderate because the army of trolls handle most of it, and the no-moderation stance has turned it into a cesspit echo chamber
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:33:21
I don't want to sound like a sexist prick (perhaps I am, but meh, I like triggering you SJWs), but I honestly cannot imagine Satoshi being female. I don't mean that in a way like "men are smarter than women," because I'll be the first to admit that plenty of women are smarter than me, but the smartest men are smarter than the smartest women (also, the dumbest men are dumber than the dumbest women).
I think to invent Bitcoin you need to be on the top end of the bell-curve where there are few women in the first place, and to find one who has expertise in several fields, many of which are dominated (95%+) by men anyway, is extremely unlikely.
Obviously, I'd be welcome if Satoshi is female and could prove me wrong, but I don't get why anyone with the right mind would even think for a moment that Satoshi was female unless there was something to suggest so from the outset, which there isn't.
Satoshi also wrote like a British man would speak, which suggests he either was British, or had lived in Britain for a long time in order to pick up that level of fluency. (Note: British women do not typically speak the same way).
@_date: 2018-05-19 06:33:29
All technologies have flaws when they are brand new. Bitcoin had several flaws. Usability issues will be ironed out, and there's no reason that LN will be ultimately any more difficult to use than Bitcoin, since users will not even touch the Bitcoin layer for most purposes, and will be dealing mostly with LN channels.
For example, exchanges will be able to load money directly into existing LN channels, or open up the LN channel to a user. Users will just need to run the software and copy/paste their node ID to the exchange.
You don't need to explain HTTPS to a user for them to use the web. The majority of users will not need to know what this "lightning network" thing is, other than they need an app on their phone to pay for things with a QR code or eventually, NFC will probably be ubiquitous.
@_date: 2018-05-09 15:44:20
You work on technology which enables people to transfer gold through wires.
The reason you're working on this is because less than 100 years ago, the government took gold off everyone, with the threat of imprisonment, and gave them a paper promise that they could return the gold later on.
But the government spent all the gold, and broke their promise to give it back. Instead they wrote a new paper promise, which promised that they could swap that paper promise for another paper promise which promises the same thing. The promise to get back the gold has gone and now if you want to get the same amount of gold, you have to buy it off someone else and now you need 40 times the amount of paper promises as the original promise that the government gave for that amount of gold.
With the technology to transfer gold through wires, we can now store gold in a way that the government can't forcibly take it off us, because we need passwords to receive the gold from the wires, and the government cannot steal our passwords like they can our physical possessions, and they don't even know whether or not we have any gold because the password is the only way it can be found.
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:23:08
We can increase the block size marginally, but then it'll quickly get full up again and we've not progressed, other than having more transactions, we've still got an unresolved scaling issue. The same debates will happen, the same solutions will be proposed - just keep increasing the block size.
People need to be incentivized to run LN at present, because the benefits are not immediate and it's not yet as convenient as using plain Bitcoin. If you just scale up the block size people won't bother with LN and will continue using regular Bitcoin transactions.
If people realize they can get cheaper, faster transactions on LN, they should be incentivized to use it, and once they're using it, doing on-chain transactions will seem retarded. Why wait 10-60 minutes to make a payment when it can be instant and effectively zero-cost? There's added benefits of increased privacy too.
When we have a bit more data from using the LN, it might become more apparent what size blocks the underlying chain will need to handle the quantity of transactions that will be left as on-chain.
@_date: 2018-05-06 16:44:26
There's a reason against *ever increasing* block sizes. The reason not to hardfork is that growing the blocks isn't a long term solution, but a short term hack to alleviate the short term problem. A consensus cannot be agreed upon because nobody can agree exactly how big blocks should be and at what rate they should increase. I think most will agree that 1MB is too small, but most will also disagree that we need 32MB blocks at this time, because we're nowhere near needing them.
Making the blocks big now means that we must perpetually carry around large baggage for the lifetime of Bitcoin, because we made a rash decision to grow the blocks before we came to agreement on what the right way of scaling is.
The general consensus in Bitcoin at the moment is that the Lightning Network shows big promise of scaling several orders of magnitude without increasing the block size by any significant amount, and that it's worth trying it out before we jump to the wrong conclusion. There's a minority that thinks ever increasing block sizes are fine, because they think that only miners need to run validating nodes (which means that a only a majority miners decides the *rules* of the protocol). Bitcoiners believe that all merchants in particular, should run their own nodes because it can give them a greater guarantee that they've received payments, on the greatest PoW chain used by the economic majority, and they don't need to trust third parties to validate transactions or to not change the rules.
And if we want merchants to run nodes, this does not mean "only big businesses need to run a node". A merchant can be a single-person company, or self-employed person. Arguably, it's these who need the guarantee that they've received a payment more than anyone else, because not receiving a payment as a self-employed person might mean they can't pay their bills. A big company not receiving a payment will not suffer to such extent, it will just have a slightly restricted cash-flow.
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:18:48
You're safe as long as you have the private keys to sign the UTXOs with your funds in.
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:29:45
You need at least 2 channels open, and once you do, people can select your node as one of their routing nodes, provided the capacity is available on the correct side of both channels they want to route the payment through.
@_date: 2018-05-24 11:18:28
I'll be blunt. "Blockchain" isn't going improve the documentation process for your shipping agency. It's a media buzzword which has lost its original meaning. They may benefit from using an immutable distributed database, which they may already using one or more of.
Most accounting software will use a double-entry bookkeeping system with full audit logs, and many of the proprietary ones do not provide raw access to the database in a way which people could mutate the ledger. There's several ways they can achieve this - but Merkle trees make it difficult to mutate the ledger, because of the requirement to replay every transaction which occurred after the one you want to modify. This means for example, if you've already uploaded some hash of your current ledger state to your bank, it will not be possible for you to mutate any previous transaction in that ledger before this hash, as it would alter this hash, and your ledger would then not match the one the bank has.
The better question you should be asking is how can the company benefit from the use of Merkle trees in other areas of bookkeeping, because it's likely they have some software using plain old centralized SQL databases which mutate information, rather than a transaction style append-only database.
@_date: 2018-05-24 11:33:52
Hundred dollar bills aren't a very useful fabric, you'll find they actually tear quite easily and don't have much practical use.
You'd be better to grab the table and leave the bills. The table is functional, and the material can probably be recycled for other purposes too.
@_date: 2018-05-21 04:52:23
Well done for speaking about this issue where you are obviously going to come under a huge social attack for speaking facts.
We need equality of opportunity, not "equality of outcomes" which is being pushed so hard everywhere.
If you have 90 men and 10 women apply to speak at a conference (typical of what happens in the real world), but you only have 10 speaking spaces and equality of outcomes is your goal, then women have a 50% chance of landing a spot, and men have just 5.5% of landing a spot. How the fuck is that equality?
In the desired world of these extremists, men would literally need to work 10 times as hard as a woman to have the same "equality" of opportunity.
If only around 15% of computer science graduates are women, then it should be reasonable to expect around 15% of conference speakers in this space to be female, and if you're required to set a diversity quota then this target may be reasonable. In practice, I think the actual number is even less, because although there may be a 15-20% of CS grads may be female, the number who specialize in cryptography and security is even smaller.
I'm all for Women's outreach programs which make a real effort to increase that ~15% by encouraging women to enter computing fields, but I think they absolutely need to focus on merit, by encouraging women to do better and excel, rewarding and celebrating those who are successful, not for being female, but for being experts.
The current state of leftists occupying hiring positions in many tech companies and conferences is actively harmful to the long term success of women in technology, and is going to probably decrease that ~15% even further. Women don't necessarily need to put in the effort to surpass men anymore, because merit has been deprioritized and the shape of genitalia has been put on a pedestal. Men, who *do need to put in the effort*, are still going to do so, more than ever before, and purely on grounds of skill are going to be even further ahead of women than they already are.
I usually agree with what Andreas Antonopoulos has to say, but his stance on equality of outcomes being desirable is dead wrong. Promoting or encouraging women is fine, but not if it requires undermining and discouraging men.
@_date: 2018-05-18 21:03:44
It's fair to say that transaction malleability is a bug in the original design, and that a fix is required for Bitcoin to function as intended.
SegWit is one means of fixing TM for existing cryptocurrencies without breaking every existing client software, but it requires a mining majority to adopt the technology else SegWit transactions could be spent by anyone if nobody is verifying them.
If you were developing a new cryptocurrency, or you are able to get everybody to update their software at the same time because you are not decentralized, then you could probably fix TM in a cleaner way directly into the design rather than using SegWit, which is a patch.
@_date: 2018-05-14 19:05:08
Keep running the pre-hard fork client and run some mining software on it.
@_date: 2018-05-22 10:03:32
We still have on-chain transactions so that two parties can open and settle a ledger between themselves, which they can use to make their purchases private, non-persistent, instant, and extremely low cost.
These aren't mutually exclusive. We still need to validate the transactions to open and settle a payment channel, and we still need to know that the payment channel is still valid, which means we need to know when the other party wants to settle.
High fees are a short term problem which we're fixing with real engineering solutions. The outcome is that they will be extremely low - in millisatoshi amounts, and users will be able to conduct hundreds of transactions per second, without increasing centralization of the network, and without giving up their privacy to parties not involved in their transactions.
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:19:15
I'm a programmer and I still use pen and paper for most of my creative thinking and planning ideas - mainly because I can get away from the computer and its distractions for long enough to actually think.
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:21:31
Should point out that seeding PRNGs is not a new concept.
What's new is the specific implementation of using a 12/24 words from a dictionary of 2016 common words, which is shared among different clients.
@_date: 2018-05-03 10:18:08
Whether cartels would arise would really depend on how big a hand regulatory bodies wanted to play in it. Because its really possible for *anyone* to set up a server to act as a key holding service or escrow, it's a low cost operation and there should be plenty of competition to keep fees affordable.
But if regulation is too heavy handed, it would prevent many from bothering to offer such services as they'd end up with high overheads with legal costs. This is probably what governments desire, as they can more easily control a few cartels with their existing frameworks.
@_date: 2018-05-19 16:31:39
Nobody outside said island is going to be interested in this Varyon thing. How are your residents going to purchase things? Creating your own currency for 30 people to use is an incredibly retarded idea.
@_date: 2018-05-06 16:13:37
You can use Java. There's a Bitcoin implementation called BitcoinJ, which is used on most of the Android based wallets. The main Bitcoin implementation, Bitcoin Core, is written in C++ though (which is more difficult for beginners). As a beginner, you should probably not expect to go directly to working on the protocols, but instead focus on the tooling around Bitcoin, like the user interfaces. For example, there are some FOSS android clients that you could contribute to if you learn Android/Java programming, which will make use of BitcoinJ.
You do need to understand the fundamentals of Bitcoin, so I'd recommend reading *Mastering Bitcoin 2nd Edition* by Andreas Antonopoulos, as well as the Bitcoin wiki at Bitcoin.it. You should also (later on) read the BIPs as you gain a better understanding of the protocols, and the BOLTs to understand the details of the Lightning Network.
The main concerns with LN on mobile are that current LN clients require full-node Bitcoin clients, which need 200GB and growing of storage, usually too large for mobile use. There needs to be a way to have lightweight LN nodes, which could make use of SPV wallets for transaction verification, and make use of some third-party watchtowers provider(s) who can monitor for malicious users broadcasting old channel state. All of this needs well-designed and simple to use user interfaces.
Other things you could do is web-based tooling around Bitcoin/LN for online services to accept payments. You don't need to worry as much about running the full node and uptime, as most web servers are always online and storage is not an issue. As an example, you can use lightning from WooCommerce with a plugin. There are many different/similar open source CMS/ERPs that people use aside from WooCommerce or the other ones already supported, and there's also a variety of languages used to program them (mostly Python, PHP, Java, C# and JavaScript). Creating good UIs for accepting payments on any of these platforms will enable large numbers of people to begin accepting payments on their existing websites. (As a bonus, many of these platforms also have plugin stores, so you could monetize any implementations done on them).
Those programming languages are all very similar and a big part of the skills you learn in one will transfer over to the others, but it would probably be best to focus on the one which is commonly used for the task you want to accomplish, because they tend to have their own isolated ecosystems and they don't mix very well in the same projects. Pick Java (or C for Android development, Python and JavaScript for web development, or C++/Qt for desktop development. There's no shortage of resources for learning any of these languages.
In terms of specifics you'll need to learn for Blockchain development, you need to understand basic symmetric and asymmetric cyptography, elliptic curve cryptography, the function and purpose of cryptographic hashes (Bitcoin uses SHA256 and RipeMD160), and Merkle Trees. These are explained with examples in Mastering Bitcoin, using Python as the example programming language.
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:29:50
Users will notice their increased electricity bill end put two and two together to realize that it's a far more expensive endeavor to mine for someone else than to pay a tiny fee for viewing a page.
Blocking miners will come built in, or as any easy to install plugin for all the major browsers as it will be seen as harmful behavior.
Publishers could use third-party tracking as opt-in for receiving free content, with the option to pay a micro-transaction to not be tracked.
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:07:46
Users will block mining scripts, and if they were in any way profitable to begin with, they will simply run the miners in a way that they take the whole profit for themselves.
But it's not actually profitable to mine most currencies on general purpose hardware. The user will end up paying far more on their electricity bill for the advertisers to have the same income, and we'll be wasting huge amounts of energy globally as expensive radiators.
Publishers should be looking towards taking micro-transactions per article, or building subscription models directly onto blockchains, with support built into browsers to perform 1 click payments to view, or to automatically pay based on user's previously configured settings per website.
It's not just users who dislike advertisers, the publishers themselves often dislike them, but are forced to use their services in order to monetize their work. The current, privacy invasive kind of advertising we have at the moment is because the advertiser doesn't trust the publisher to be honest about their page views/clicks, and thus forces the publisher to insert a tracking script into their web page to invade their viewers privacy. Some publishers know this is unethical, but there are others who consider it perfectly legitimate and will attack their viewers for using ad-blockers. Perhaps if there were some way to overcome this lack of trust between viewer, publisher and advertiser using blockchains, then we could get rid of the trackers from website, but with some kind of proof to the advertiser that a viewer has viewed or clicked an advertisement (and anonymized to prevent cross-site tracking).
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:08:09
You can't just create a random list of 24 words from the dictionary, because the BIP-39 phrase has a checksum. If you pick words at random, the checksum will never match the hash of the entropy. Basically, the last word can never be manually chosen because 8 bits of it are created from a truncated SHA256 of the all of previous words and 3 bits of the last word.
Although it's technically possible to ignore the checksum, most wallet software will perform it.
@_date: 2018-08-12 20:48:21
Not lost money. Lost 2900 days.
@_date: 2018-08-02 19:26:36
In the FPGA case, the chips are commodity hardware which anyone can pick up, and there multiple manufacturers producing them. (Although a couple of dominant manufacturers).
This means anyone can enter the game on a level playing field, and more likely than not, people would share the bitstreams required to run them each update. This is significantly easier (and cheaper) than producing ASICs, and the hardware does not become obsolete each PoW change.
@_date: 2018-05-06 12:11:55
Sometimes the best technology doesn't win. In the 1980s, the Amiga was arguably the best PC/Operating system available, but they didn't manage to keep up with the hardware that became available (80386) like Microsoft, who managed to gain the market majority as PCs became mainstream. Also, even though Linux is successful in that it is installed on far more devices than any other Kernel, a significant portion of those devices are Anrdoid devices, which offers a crippled version of Linux for Google to push their information-harvesting services. I wouldn't necessarily call that a success.
There's the danger that people will just run with "electronic cash", and not pay interest to the most important aspects like privacy, censorship-resistance, and trustlessness. If the institutions they already use and "trust" offer them "electronic cash", and it's convenient for them, they'll just go with it and not be concerned about the things that give Bitcoin its meaningful value.
Honestly, LN needs to be convenient to use, which it isn't at present. This is more important than the implementation details. Ideally we want to preserve all the most important ideas of Bitcoin and be convenient.
For LN to succeed, there must be exchanges that will automatically load up channels with funds for you, there needs to be mobile wallets which don't need to be always online, there needs to be multi-party channels built into it and not just the 2-party channels it offers now, and merchants need to adopt it. All this needs to happen sooner rather than later or Bitcoin will miss out on the incoming masses of users who'll go for something more convenient, where they need to trust 3rd parties, or lose their economic privacy.
@_date: 2018-05-24 12:02:53
I wish BIP39 existed in 2011. Back then I was giving people 2 BTC at a time, but I just got them to install bitcoin-qt on their computer and accept my coins, and told them to backup their wallet.dat. I didn't take a backup as I felt it would violate their privacy, which was one of the main selling points. Should've realized this was a terrible idea, as many of those bitcoins are now gone because they failed the simple step of making a backup, and they have no idea what a private key is.
@_date: 2018-08-11 10:27:33
Reputable my ringpiece. Said ex FBI guy was already involved with this shady bunch.
@_date: 2018-05-13 14:25:03
It's really scary when average is ~100 (varying slightly between countries).
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:53:56
png is lossless compression
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:50:52
I think we should fire Andreas and get this guy to write a book instead.
@_date: 2018-05-17 19:28:59
Keep a 12 (or 24) word seed in your head at all times, don't even write it down.
Each time you need to transact, download a wallet on your phone, enter the seed, perform the transaction, clear all the data from the wallet app and uninstall it. (This doesn't necessarily clear all traces from the phone's storage, and you can be tracked downloading the wallet if you're not side-loading the apk or whatnot). There's possibly a way you could shred the app with a rooted phone and LineageOS.
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:46:49
If you only open and close your channels when the mempool is empty, you can pay 1sat/Byte and need ~1000 bytes to open and ~700 bytes to close. P2SH transactions are ~230 bytes, so they're about 7 times cheaper when the mempool is empty. If you end up paying more than 7sat/Byte for a P2SH transaction, you'd end up paying the same, which certainly can happen if the network is busy.
In practice, using LN for a single transaction is not a good idea and there's really no point on using it for that purpose. LN channels are potentially open to attack if the mempool is full and the fees to close a channel are too low.
@_date: 2018-05-22 19:54:24
If Bitcoin cannot scale to meet global demand, where every human on the planet can conduct hundreds or more transactions per day, and there are not at least *millions* of full nodes in the network, then project has ultimately failed and we'll end up with an amalgamation of (partially) centralized shitcoins.
In order to meet the demand for global scale, without risking centralization, we need far better technology than currently exists. So far LN is promising technology because it can make Bitcoin scale by several orders of magnitude, as opposed to just linearly scaling the block-size as others are trying, which also reduces the network decentralization by making it expensive to run a validating node.
If there are only a few thousand, or even a few tens of thousand nodes running, that would not be resilient to a concerted effort by several governments working together to shut down or put the network under their control. We know this because there are tens of thousands of banks in the world, and governments have no problem keeping tabs on them.
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:27:01
You can do *instant*, *low fee*, *trustless* currency transfers via payment channels, without broadcasting every individual transaction on the network. Instead, each channel is a ledger of its own, and the only thing broadcast over the network are the starting and closing balances.
You can also do cross-chain atomic swaps with other cryptocurrencies, enabling the same instant, low fee, trustless exchange of different supported cryptocurrencies, so that there is no need to trust a third-party exchange with your funds.
The reason to use Bitcoin is because it acts as a reserve currency, like gold, in that people have the highest confidence that their funds will retain their value, due to it having both the largest proof of work effort, and the most widespread use of all the cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-05-24 12:16:55
I do the same now. I gave most of my family a 12-word laminated phrase for a Christmas present a few years ago. Only mBTC amounts though. I basically have not told them how to even use the seed phrase yet, just told them to put it somewhere safe for a few years to test whether they can look after that. I have backed up the phrases and told them to let me know if they lose theirs.
@_date: 2018-05-24 20:09:35
7nm is the cutting edge and will be for a few years, then the next shrinking will probably be down to 5nm in perhaps 5 years. After this it'll be marginal gains, like 4nm, 3nm after which we don't know yet what is going to happen because we've not yet been able to make transistors smaller than this.
There's the [ITRS]( which projects 5nm by ~2021.
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:52:06
They're just like fiat banknotes in the same way that "they're backed by the real asset in our vaults".
That is, until they decide to spend all the money in their vault (or it gets stolen/hacked) and make the notes useless.
@_date: 2018-05-20 12:32:05
Apple gives credit out to the poor and they pay about 25% more than the cost of their phone in interest over 2 years
@_date: 2018-08-02 19:22:41
It was already the choice of currency for botnets due to its anonymity. Botnet operators using other cryptocurrencies can be traced as soon as they trade in their earnings. With Monero, they can't.
The solution is to secure your PC and browser.
Commodity hardware does not imply the same CPU you're using to browse the web. It can be an ASIC, or FPGA, which is readily available, from several manufacturers.
@_date: 2018-06-09 08:22:05
Blockstream actually re-introduced (or fixed) most of those opcodes in their test Alpha sidechain, so they could experiment with them without breaking how Bitcoin works.
Also, the big lie is the opening sentence, which is that Blockstream "control the development of Bitcoin." Which is complete nonsense. They hire several high-profile developers sure, but there are over 100 active contributors to Core. And as far as I know, Wladamir, who merges any pull requests for any consensus rule changes to Bitcoin Core, does not work for Blockstream. He has made it abundantly clear on several occasions that he will not introduce any changes to Bitcoin which do not have widespread consensus, and this is primarily the reason Bitcoin forks exist, because angry developers like Mike Hearn thought they should have the authority to change the rules with a minority opinion, Wladamir (and several others) effectively told them to "fork off".
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:43:31
Yes, Bitcoin is peer-to-peer in that every transaction is broadcast over the network of connected nodes, and each node performs validation of those transactions, forwarding on valid transactions and dropping invalid transactions.
Miners (who could be any node) include valid transactions into blocks, which they perform PoW on to demonstrate that they're not just creating blocks out of thin air - the work is extremely difficult to reproduce, making it impractical for them to just craft any old block.
When miners create the valid block, they then broadcast it over the same network. Each node will perform full validation of the block and the transactions within it. If the block is valid, they accept it onto the chain of blocks, and forward it on to other nodes.
If the block is invalid, they would refuse to forward it on. They would wait then until a different miner provides a competing, but valid block, which they would then accept as the correct one and forward it on to everyone else.
Miners need to broadcast *valid* blocks, or they're going to get kicked off the network of nodes. They don't strictly need to include any transactions in those blocks, which could lead to a kind of temporary denial-of-service, but they are incentivized to include as many transactions as they can in a block because they earn fees from each tx.
It's possible that an adversary could spawn many nodes and attempt to spread invalid blocks by overpowering the network of honest nodes, but they can never coerce an honest node to begin accepting invalid blocks, so as long as you are running an honest node, you do not need to worry about whether you are conducing your transactions on the honest network of users - that guarantee is provided by your software which does all of the validation.
If you're not running a validating node, none of the above applies - you are dependant on third-parties to be honest in certain ways which you aren't testing for yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-10 12:03:58
Banking(-like) infrastructure.
Let's be realistic. The majority of users are not going to be able to secure an electronic device (or even a cold wallet) from hacking, theft, damage, loss or failure. They are not going to put any significant amount of money (ie, their pensions/life-savings) into Bitcoin unless they can either afford to use a cold-storage service like Xapo for large amounts and high security.
Most people are going to want something similar to the banks they're using today. The difference now is, we can make it so that the bank never has full custody of the money - by requiring multiple distinct entities and using multisig transactions.
The simplest is a 2-of-3 multisig. A user keeps one set of keys, and negotiates with two bank-like entities to secure the other keys. When the user wishes to withdraw funds, he signs a transaction and asks one of the other entities to sign it, after which the funds are released to a regular hot-wallet on the user's phone.
In the event that the user loses his keys or has them stolen, he creates new keys, then contacts both of the other bank-like entities, and have the both sign a transaction which will spend the funds into a new 2-of-3 multisig utxo which they agree on.
The banks will be unable to spend the money unless they collude to sign without the user's consent. There is no reason they should even know who the other party is in order to be able to collude. Since these banks can't gamble the user's money, they will probably charge a service fee. It could be embedded into the smart contract and perhaps even done as a "proof-of-key-storage", where the user asks the bank to prove they still hold their keys in return for the service fee, and if the bank fails to provide the proof, he ditches them and goes to a new provider.
Of course this can be extended beyond 2-of-3 for any M-of-N for additional security needs. The smart contracts involved would need to be be simple to use from a user's mobile wallet, and there would need to be a sufficient number of these bank-like entities for it to be practical. Any existing web-wallet provider should be able to offer such service, and we should even assume that web-wallet providers not offering such service are probably running a fractional-reserve lending scheme.
@_date: 2018-06-23 16:48:05
Bitfinix didn't make the deliberate choice to not serve US customers, they made a bad choice to threaten a bogus lawsuit against Wells Fargo, and now no US bank wants to do business with them.
Use another exchange. Bitfinix is too heavily involved in the shady business that is Tether.
@_date: 2018-06-02 08:43:56
The majority of them are either centrally issued or require an oracle, which means they didn't need a Blockchain, they needed a distributed database and/or a secure multi-party computation.
Most of the cases where people have found a utility don't require a whole new currency either. If you want to pay for DropBox for instance, do you convert your dollars into DropBoxCoin first?
The whole idea is retarded, and is basically full of people looking to get rich by preminting, premining, or just mining large amounts of their own currency before any real adoption occurs, in the hope that greater fools will come along and buy them up. There will always be some losers in this game, and eventually there will be no greater fools or this strategy to continue working. Also recent 51% attacks have shown that many PoW coins are not a viable solution to security.
There are a few altcoins with a serious use case and a serious need for not being on Bitcoin or Etherium, but you can count them on one hand.
@_date: 2018-06-11 07:20:06
I've been [Zhou Tonged]( don't wanna get Zhao Donged as well.
@_date: 2018-06-10 10:17:29
You can't reverse a transaction at 0conf, but you can broadcast a competing transaction which spends the same output.
Since there is no definitive way to prove which transaction was broadcast first (because network latencies exist in propagating the transactions through the network), then *both* transactions are potentially valid, and the one which ends up being the correct spend is the first one to get confirmed in a block (this isn't final either, because a competing block may be found, where the other transaction was accepted).
Miners can effectively choose which transaction to include in their block too, so even if you broadcast two competing transactions with a short delay between them, the miner could accept the later one into their block (if, for example, it has a higher fee).
Bitcoin Core has code in it where it rejects attempts to spend money if it has already seen a transaction which spends that money. It should be made clear though, that this is not a consensus rule (and can't possibly be, because of the timing problem described above). It was a feature added to prevent a kind of DoS attack, where an attacker could keep broadcasting competing transactions.
Bitcoin Core later added Replace-by-fee, which allows clients to accept a competing transaction to one it has already seen if an additional fee has been paid (and the original tx or one of its children signalled it can be replaced). This discourages the spam attack as it costs additional funds each time a potential attacker sends the competing transaction, but it also makes it clear that 0conf is not a suitable policy for receiving funds, because the transaction can be replaced until it has been confirmed in a block (several blocks, to be sure).
@_date: 2018-06-17 13:50:50
Why would you want a centralized exchange when we can have decentralized exchanges and the ability to do atomic swaps?
The real issue is that the centralized exchange needs custody of your *fiat* in order to provide its services, because there does not exist a way for them to hold your fiat balance without having custody in the first place. LN can't solve this problem either.
One thing LN can provide though is a proof-of-payment, which could make it easier to resolve any issues with non-payments and to publicly prove when companies are being dishonest about their practices.
@_date: 2018-06-01 16:01:57
@_date: 2018-06-10 17:06:37
A software fork isn't the same thing as a network fork due to changes in consensus rules. There can be any number of distinct software clients interacting on the same network, but they all must agree to follow the protocol rules to work together.
A network fork occurs when one client changes its rules and attempts to produce blocks which the rest of the network reject as invalid blocks. The miner of such block would be wasting energy, as he would have no economy to sell his new coins into, unless he could convince some users to switch over to his version of rules, and form a separate economy.
The network users are the people who chose to transact under the common set of rules which everyone else agrees with. If it were the case that a hard-fork were to be scheduled, and had the consensus of the (vast majority of) users, then a hard-fork could potentially go ahead. The difficulty is how you would convince most of the users to go along with a hard-fork, when there are a large number of them who are passive about such changes, or a small number of them with loud voices could stifle attempts to gain consensus.
For that reason, the only chance you're likely to get a successful hard-fork (meaning, agreed by the majority of users), is if it were an emergency case, such as to deploy new cryptography in the case weaknesses (or quantum computers) could compromise the security model of Bitcoin, because it shoudn't be difficult to get everyone to agree it needs fixing right away.
@_date: 2018-06-09 09:56:09


Satoshi didn't intend himself to be a dictator. He created a new kind of economy where he deliberately wanted to avoid such concentration of decision making power. The ideas he wrote about afterwards may or may not be useful. There are thousands of other developers who have opinions too.
"Satoshi's Vision" only appeals to cultist types who need a leader.


A Bitcoin node will make 8 outgoing connections by default. They can then receive many connections from others if they have a reliable network. A typical client will have a few dozen connections open. Mining nodes will attempt to connect to as many people as they can to reduce latency in transaction propagation. Bitcoin connections do not form a complete graph - they form a hyper-connected graph.
A Bitcoin node *can* connect to any other node. A lightning node can also. There is no restriction on who you can or can't open a channel with, or how many you can open. At present there are many nodes in LN who open only one channel, and a subset of nodes who attempt to open many. The only people at a loss from opening a single channel are themselves - since they won't be able to send or receive payments if that channel closes.
The purpose of avoiding centralization is to remove points of failure. If you can have many distinct points of failure and still function, then you've succeeded in achieving that fault tolerance. I suspect that each node will need a dozen or so channels to be adequately fault-tolerant against network outages and censorship attempts. This will be enough to make LN a hyper-connected graph also.


I don't think it's "just around the corner", as I know how long development takes. I care more about long-term success than short-term "gainz" I can get from onboarding millions of naive investors buying into a currency that they don't need yet.
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:02:48
If Lightning became the widespread, then eventually, there would be little reason to close channels as you can keep them open indefinitely. The only reasons to close would be if the other party in a channel goes offline or an extended period, or if he attempts to steal money by broadcasting an old channel state. In that sense, Bitcoin would become more like a settlement layer, where any disputes that parties have about the channel state is settled cryptographically using the smart contracts they've both signed.
@_date: 2018-06-09 09:27:23
Why do you need another throwaway Roger?


Gavin was kicked because he threatened to merge a change to consensus rules which would've cause a hard fork of the network. There was also a strong suspicion he had been hacked because his tweets tried to assert the (provably false) claim that CSW is Satoshi.


There are more LN nodes than Bitcoin Cash nodes. Centralization can also be quantified, but that quantification is relativistic, because if you only have a single channel open, you have only one point of failure. If you have 100 channels open, you have a high fault tolerance. It's amazing that you folk actually use these strengths as attack targets against LN, by whining that some people will use their ability, as an equal participant in the LN, to make their node fault tolerant and open many channels.


The signatures are still there, the only thing that has changed is the encoding for how they're organized digitally. This is such a bullshit argument and demonstrates you have zero technical knowledge on the subject.


SegWit has fixed some transaction malleability issues for people who are using these new transaction types. They're now able to spend coins they've just received without them requiring confirmation, and are able to do smart contracts which were previously not possible because miners could change the txids.
LN is still a baby and we don't know if it will end up a failure or success yet. It will certainly not be a success for anyone who doesn't even bother to try it out, and judge from the sidelines though.
But I think you really just don't understand LN's possible use case. The current payment channels done over LN are just one kind of smart contract it can handle. In practice, LN is more likely to become a generic communications channel over which people can negotiate various kinds of smart contract, aside from the single payment channel on currently built in.
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:37:50
You don't need to use a website for a wallet, in fact, you should avoid doing so where possible, and use a local software wallet (such as Electrum if you want a lightweight one, or Bitcoin Core for a full one).
Online *exchanges* require your personal details because of laws in the jurisdictions they operate, generally known as KYC (know your customer) and AML (anti money laundering).
The way to avoid these is to use a Bitcoin ATM, localbitcoins, or trade Bitcoins for cash with someone you know.
@_date: 2018-06-02 09:38:25
Because the market will have to self-regulate, or the state will regulate it.
Looks like the latter will happen, since self-regulation is not going to happen. Too many scammers.
@_date: 2018-06-22 20:26:58
Yes, miners will still earn Bitcoin whilst there is a block subsidy. The subsidy will halve every 4 years. It's currently 12.5 BTC per block. There must be one transaction in each block, called the "coinbase", which is what pays out the block reward to the miner.
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:31:46
You don't much of a background in economics to understand Bitcoin. It's economists that are usually wrong about Bitcoin because they are attempting to frame it from their existing PoV and are unable to realize that it is not like any economy that has ever existed. Rather, first understand Bitcoin and how it works, then you'll begin to understand economics and have a better understanding of what the future economy might look like when nobody is in charge.
@_date: 2018-06-24 07:12:46
If you can't remember 12 or 24 words, your mind is shit.
@_date: 2018-06-11 06:58:16
Shame you stopped reading because you'd miss that I'm not advocating bringing traditional banking into Bitcoin, but to do the opposite - remove the ability to create banks as they exist currently, by making it so that users never give up custody of their funds to another entity which can steal them.
Banking already exists in Bitcoin. It's the webwallet providers, the exchanges, which and are very popular. People store their funds in these services, and don't have the keys. As the saying goes "if you don't own the keys, you don't own the coins." Look back at the Mt.Gox fiasco and we can see direct evidence of a fractional-reserve lending scheme of Bitcoin.
The scenario I'm describing is where the users *always* have possession of the keys, or at least, part of them, and that no other single entity does have possession of them.
@_date: 2018-06-10 13:51:38
Eventually cash will be obsolete. Will maybe take a few generations because laggards are unable to make the move, but I suspect it will only take a generation for the majority of people to be in Bitcoin in some way. If we're not careful, most of them will be using web wallets, will not hold any keys themselves, and Bitcoin will effectively be fractional-reserve currency for them. It'd be better to get this infrastructure in place sooner rather than later, else future generations won't even know what a key is, let alone the proper practices for storing them.
We should actively discourage the use of any potential fractional-reserve services where users cannot guarantee their funds can be redeemed.
@_date: 2018-06-23 20:59:35
He sounds more credible than CSW at least.
@_date: 2018-06-09 11:04:40
Rather than in-game currency, I want in-game gambling.
Say an FPS where every kill you make takes 100 satoshis from the opponent you killed. All participants in the match agree on the outcomes because they will all be equal hosts in the game, and cheating attempts will be like the LN penatly, where attempted cheaters lose everything they staked on the game.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:23:24


Most people *do* need it, at least for their savings.
A hardware wallet can be lost, stolen or damaged. So can a recovery phrase on paper/metal/whatever material. Who is going to want to take such risks with their savings when they could delegate that risk to someone else for a fee? (And hold them accountable for any losses)
Banks aren't going to disappear, they're just going to be different, because they will be able to participate in securing your money without taking full custody of it.
@_date: 2018-06-17 13:45:42
Per word would be a bit obscure as there's not usually a one-to-one translation per word, or even a concrete definition of what you could consider a "word" in some languages (e.g, in agglutinative languages, many morphemes are merged into one "word").
Even translating by clause wouldn't really be meaningful. I think the sentence is the smallest unit you can translate at while maintaining meaning, and even then, natural language are context-sensitive and the sentence can be meaningless without the context.
I think translators would be better suited at selling their time rather than the count of sentences they produce. It should fall back to the pay-per-minute suggestion.
@_date: 2018-06-01 12:25:00
Merchants in general don't HODL. Money sat doing nothing is money that could be spent making more money. The idea is to turn the money/products over as quickly as you possibly can, making a margin on each sale. If you're selling products, for example, you always want to be buying more new products to replace the ones you're selling - and if you're not selling enough then you should be hiring salesmen to sell them.
A business should always convert some of their holdings into fiat in order to cover all expenses which need paying in fiat. It would be naive to hold all of your assets in a volatile asset class because if things went badly you would be insolvent. In business it doesn't matter how much assets you have, because cash-flow is king.
That being said, if you have surplus of liquid assets, it would make sense to hold them in the currency which you think is going to maximize their value over time, but also bear in mind that you're going to be taxed on those assets come tax season, so you're better investing them into growing your business.
@_date: 2018-06-22 03:01:11
Not quite. There's a limit to how few satoshis can be spent in a transaction because a utxo too small can't even cover the transaction fee needed for it. These satoshis are referred to as "dust".
There's also the issue that each tx input adds additional bytes to the transaction, making the transaction progressively more expensive as their number increases. This is why people who have many small utxos will often collect them into a single utxo when the network is not busy (paying a 1sat/Byte fee), such that in the event the network becomes busy and fees rise, they pay less fees to spend that money.
But it's not unusual to receive a payment from several inputs. Also, exchanges will typically batch bitcoin withdrawals such that they serve as many users as possible with a single transaction, which can save on tx fees.
@_date: 2018-06-10 12:51:20
And if your house burns down?
There's a reason people don't keep their life-savings tucked under their bed. It doesn't really help to put half under one bed in one room, and half under another bed in another room either.
When I say 'banks', I don't strictly mean banks in the sense that they exist today. I just mean a distinct entity who is well-equipped to properly store keys against all kinds hazards. It might not even be banks, but you could use family members or friends (who live in different property to you) as one party holding onto keys, and your wallet could do the same for them.
The purpose is to separate the keys from single-points of failure. Your home is a single-point of failure. You and your family member are a single point of failure if you're together and you both get mugged and have your phones stolen.
We're talking about average Joe here, who isn't equipped to handle computer security, and shouldn't be carrying any more money on his person than cash he would normally carry around in his wallet.
I know multisig addresses can already be done. The point I'm making is that the infrastructure is not there for your bank or whatnot to hold onto those keys for you, securely, and to take whatever fee they might charge for doing so. We're going to need slightly smarter contracts than plain multisig, and we're going to need parties who are willing to secure keys for people.
At present, there exist a bunch of web wallet providers, who for all we know, are already running fractional reserve schemes. We can't prove otherwise.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:36:05
As the other poster said above, it's not purely about skill, because even for experts there is a trade-off between storing your key in one place, which is most secure, but is a single point of failure, or you can make replicas of your keys (or split them up with some redundancy), and store them in multiple places for fault-tolerance, but by doing so, you (often) reduce the overall security. (With plenty of resources you can improve overall security, but this isn't an option for most people.)
At minimum you should be storing your keys on a hardware wallet which you secure on your person or your property with a passphrase to use it, and you will have a backup of some kind on a remote server which you control entirely, or in a cold-wallet in a property other than your home.
For non-Experts, N-of-M wallets will allow them to pick the trade-off which is most suitable depending on what they're storing, who with, how much they're willing to pay for such service, and how easily they want to be able to access it. They can have a strong level of security and fault tolerance, without requiring some other entity take custody of funds.
@_date: 2018-06-26 15:03:41
1. Ideally you want to minimize channel opening and closing to reduce the cost of fees. If you don't have an immediate need to close channels, best to keep them open until you do. Opening channels is best done when the network is not busy so you can use the lowest fee. In future, there may be more practical ways to open many channels with just one Bitcoin transaction. There's a research project involving "Channel Factories", where a group of entities can agree to join and jointly fund a factory, and can set up new channels between any participants in the factory without additional Bitcoin transactions. It has a few issues, such as when one party leaves the factory, it is disbanded (although channels opened from the factory remain open).
2. More channels is better. I wouldn't worry about route-finding in the near future. Even if using the most naive search algorithm (Dijkstra's algorithm), a commodity PC can search through millions of channels. There are many search optimisations that can be applied to this problem, and even current clients use a more optimised algorithm similar to A*, where a heuristic based on fees reduces the search cost. 
3. There's a "dust limit" you must fund above, which is the transaction fee that would be required to spend the channel funds on the Bitcoin network. Once the channels have become balanced, you cannot spend (or receive) past this dust amount, and channels can also set a "reserve amount", which is the minimum amount on their side of it (must be above the dust limit). In addition, there is a minimum fee for regular transactions, and you can have several transactions "in flight" before they're confirmed, so ideally, you want to fund channels in such a way that they'll easily cover the reserve on both sides, and have several times the reserve in liquidity for transferring payments. At present, you need the `capacity - reserve` to be at least as high as the biggest payment you're likely to make, because all payments are currently done over one route only. This may change in future with Atomic Multi-Path Payments.
4. It's possible that people could get funded directly into Lightning channels, rather than have to receive a Bitcoin transaction first, then open a new channel. Exchanges will probably do this by default, and if costs are negligible they may even cover them. There are techniques like Channel Factories which could potentially enable an exchange serving many users to have fee savings well over 90%. We don't actually know what the fee model will be like on Bitcoin if payments through lightning become the norm, and there are plenty of other technical solutions in the pipeline or being researched which can allow us to do more with fewer, or smaller on-chain transactions.
5. Atomic swaps are certainly possible (and have been done) with LN. They're technically possible without LN, but LN already provides a framework to integrate altcoins without a huge amount of effort. I think it will be a reasonable use-case, although I don't think there is any real use-case for the vast majority of altcoins which could be connected to it right now.
The current Lightning Network is essentially a minimum viable product which demonstrates that payment channels are possible and are effective for making micro-payments. There's a huge amount of work left until LN becomes "mature." Most of the ideas for improvement have nobody even working on them yet, because there are so few developers and everyone is begging for a nice UI to get started on LN right now. These MVPs have been prioritized over the R&amp;D which will improve LN's scaling capabilities.
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:28:15
Yes, the transaction fee is literally the Bitcoin difference between what is spent and received by the new address.
@_date: 2018-06-17 14:08:42
Consider contract work where you might currently charge per-hour. Even if you only consult or 15 minutes, the entire hour (and travel time) is included in the cost of the consultation.
Charging per minute would work to keep contractors more honest and competitive, and the best might be able to charge more per-minute, but be able to provide much more value in 15 minutes than a less capable competitor could do in an hour. Time is money, after all.
@_date: 2018-06-22 20:50:05
Yes, exactly. This happens quite often as miner will begin mining a new block as soon as they receive a previous block, because it takes a few seconds to validate that previous block, they don't waste those few seconds by not trying to mine.
But miners are incentivized to include as much as they can in a block, because the block reward consists of the subsidy + sum of all fees paid on transactions included in the block. They will typically include the highest-fee paying transactions first.
@_date: 2018-06-17 13:37:53
I'm not sure how it will look, but I'm pretty sure that lending will be drastically different from how it's currently done now, for several reasons. 
Primarily, the banking cartel can't just print money to lend any longer (as they do if you take out a mortgage, for example), and secondly, because the risks of non-payment are going to be even greater, since people will be far autonomous and will be able to "escape" the repressive systems they've been held under previously. They can't have their assets frozen, they can conceal their real balances, shift between currencies easily (through a decentralized exchange), and even physically move between jurisdictions with little friction because they no longer have the hassle of setting up bank accounts and exchanging currencies.
So the question arises as to whether anyone (and who) will be willing to take large risks with their surplus assets, when they could invest them in more profit generating, lower-risk ventures.
Banks are anticipating regulations in order to enter this space. They're waiting for the legal system to bring over their protection racket into the crypto-economy. The big problem is that the regulations they want will be completely unenforcible, and attempting to enforce it in the way they have done up until now will be a spiral towards totalitarianism, as they will need to invade your privacy and personal liberties even more than they already do.
This isn't a system anyone should desire to achieve. We should be promoting the idea of financial autonomy and personal freedoms. Lending to the poor is precisely the opposite of this - it's financial restrictions and personal lockdowns. The poor don't need loans - they need charity.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:05:41
Still not a real audit. This is an internal statement sent from the law firm to Tether and shouldn't even be published.
They already tried this trick last year, and have since then "fired" the law firm who were auditing them who wrote the previous statement.
@_date: 2018-06-09 21:34:15
Their claims about Core developers controlling and censoring is all conspiritard stuff, because 'there's no smoke without fire,' as they see it.
In practice the people who moderate these communities just dislike blatant attacks on the project they have a personal stake in, and require a heavy handed moderation approach against the trolls who are trying to derail it for selfish motives.
Bitcoin Cash supporters explicitly promote the idea that all rules are to be made by the same miners who are responsible for controlling the supply of new coins. (Any guesses where that will lead?)
Bitcoin Core's development process spells out that decisions regarding consensus rules should be made by the economic users of the system, which does not include developers, miners, exchanges and others which only provide a service to the users (who don't speak on the behalf of their users).
But hey, they have "Satoshi's Vision", so they must be right.
@_date: 2018-06-17 13:08:21
They made the mistake of thinking they need their own currency/token.
@_date: 2018-06-17 14:00:22
This will be inevitable, since the current system of invading privacy with ads to deliver content is dying pretty quickly. More and more people have installed ad-lockers, to the extent now that many content providers are attacking ad-blockers and trying to coerce users into disabling them. These businesses won't last, and ones who respect their user's privacy will prevail.
I also think it should be possible to get another kind of advertising model, based on pay-per-sale, rather than pay-per-view or pay-per-click. The sale could be provable by means of a cryptographic cookie when the user clicks an ad, which could automatically create a payment both to the product seller and the advertiser whose ad was clicked. Content-providers would then need to shop around for the most suitable products which their viewers are likely to purchase. This approach doesn't account for subliminal advertising though, which is how much of it works. The sale is often not made on the click, but later on when the user sees something he has seen before, but not consciously acknowledged seeing.
But the killer app is not the ability for content-providers to put ads in front of their users - but to monetize their content directly by having the user conduct micro transactions per page-view, or per stream, or whatnot. The advertising middlemen will desperately need to come up with new strategies to get noticed.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:44:15


Not strictly true.
They fucked up coin issuance by manipulating the difficulty adjustment algorithm so that they could mine blocks at an accelerated rate to earn fresh BCH, then continue earning money by moving their mining power to BTC until they had another adjustment on BCH.
They also disabled RBF because they're deluded in thinking that 0conf payments are sound. 0conf were never, are not, and will never be sound. Miners ultimately chose which transactions go into blocks, and if transactions are valid, those blocks will be accepted by everyone else. If there are two competing transactions spending the same UTXO, both are equally valid until one of them gets confirmations.
And they re-enabled a bunch of other opcodes. However, the testing work or re-enabling those opcode was done by on the Blockstream Alpha project a while back, where they re-enabled and in some cases, fixed most of the opcodes which were originally disabled.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:14:14
You own it, but not only you own it. Blockchain.info also own your key, and could run away with your money at any time.
The only way to be the definitively and wholly own the Bitcoins is to create your own wallet locally using offline software on a secure machine, and sending all of your funds to that wallet. You should only ever keep "online" the same amount of cash you would carry around in your wallet.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:35:36
That's precisely what I'm saying. A regular user will not put their funds into Bitcoin if they could be lost this easily.
But if they have a 2-of-3 wallet, where they own one set of keys (say, in a hardware wallet), and the other two keys are stored by distinct banking entities, then the banks can't spend the money without colluding. If the user loses his own keys, he can contact the two banking entities and have them transfer to a new 2-of-3 wallet. It will be up to the banking entities to do the due diligence, since they're going to be accountable for the funds they're storing.
@_date: 2018-06-21 23:32:17
The miner fills up the block with transactions before solving the hash - since the hash of the block is a hash of the combined transaction data, along with the previous block's hash and a random nonce.
@_date: 2018-06-07 20:11:13
The BOLT assumes that you have a clear understanding of BIP\-173, the bech32 encoding for segwit addresses. The rules are pretty much the same, except the 90\-character limit defined in the original bech32 specification is removed. The rest of the BOLT just defines how the HRP (human\-readable\-part) of the address is encoded.
@_date: 2018-06-20 13:56:13
In the long run it won't matter, since fiat to crypto exchanges are temporary on-ramps to obtain Bitcoin at present. They will become less and less relevant as people start receive Bitcoin in return for products/services, or even as their wage, and will be able to pay all of their bills using Bitcoin.
You're right that Bitcoin is too complex for the average user to manage safely, but this can be mitigated with better software UX and infrastructure without the need to have custodian entities. We can get non-custodian banks by sending funds to an N-of-M transaction output, where each bank-like entity holds only one key, and therefore has no custody of the funds. You would need N of these bank-like entities to collude to steal your funds. The user will be able to pick the who they want to help secure their funds, which may include themselves (via a remotely hosted node), friends or family members.
Whether enough people can be convinced to use these services is a different story. At some point most of them are going to experience losing funds in one way or another due to hacking or fraud, and that's the only way most people will learn. For some, they still won't learn after it happens to them more than once. 
For now, you should just continue educating everyone on the problems of web-based wallets. If they don't own the keys, they don't own the coins - and they should assume that these services are operating fractional-reserve schemes, and would go under if too many users attempted to withdraw their money at once.
@_date: 2018-06-22 21:01:30
Fees are paid by simply not sending all of the money to valid outputs. The fee is the difference between the sum of inputs and the sum of outputs. When the block is being validated, the fees for each transaction are accumulated and the subsidy is added, which makes the block reward. Every node can validate that the amounts add up and the reward value is correct.
Miners don't have to include transactions in blocks, but at the same time they're not going to "wait" for transactions whilst they're busy mining. Typically, they will batch transactions every 20 seconds, say, then begin hashing based on that new batch. It would be inefficient to reorganize the block for every single transaction which came through.
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:07:07
If you can spin up a large number of instances, you might be able to eclipse newly connecting users by convincing them they are on the correct network because you control all of the information going to them. A single honest connection which informs them of a longer chain of blocks will make all the connections presenting false information become useless. A client will by default make 8 outgoing connections, which means that if you had an equal number of attacking nodes, such that one random outgoing connection had a 50% chance of reaching one of your attack nodes, then the probability of all 8 outgoing connections reaching your attack nodes is 0.5^8, or extremely low. (Assuming your attacking nodes are randomly distributed over IPv4 space etc)
The same doesn't apply to nodes who are already connected to the honest network and know about other people (and other people know about them too). While 8 is the default number of outgoing connections, incoming connections can be much more numerous, and the default client limit is 125. If you wanted to present a false view of the network to an already connected node, you'd need to somehow make him lose the information he has already - perhaps by a sustained DDoS attack which knocks him offline for a while, after which he attempts to reconnect picking random nodes and attempting the eclipse attack above (extremely unlikely).
As the number of nodes increases, the chance of eclipsing a user making 8 random outgoing connections becomes exponentially more difficult. Also, the default of 8 can be increased, and increasing also makes it exponentially more difficult to pull off. There are other techniques presented in [this paper]( which further limit the possibility of eclipse attacks being feasible.
In practice, nothing to worry about. The only concern would be if there were a significant decline in the number of nodes on the network because it became unreasonably expensive to run a node.
@_date: 2018-06-22 01:01:05


Shhhh. The TA people might be reading.
@_date: 2018-06-02 07:09:15
Addresses starting with 1 are hashes of public keys, for use in P2PKH transactions.
Addresses starting with 3 are hashes of scripts, for P2SH transactions.
There are now also addresses beginning with bc1, which are bech32-encoded, rather than base-58 encoded as the previous ones for SegWit transactions. They use the same hashes, but a superior encoding format, as it has a checksum which is guaranteed to detect as many as 5 errors in the address if characters are mistyped, or hard to read. It can do automatic error correction for up to 2 wrong characters.
@_date: 2018-06-02 06:45:45
It should be made explicitly clear though, that this 'court' is governed by math and not biased judges and jurors. The properties which make bitcoin secure are all still there.
@_date: 2018-06-17 14:02:41
I wonder if Clickbait could continue to be as effective if there is a cost to it.
It's currently "free" for the viewer to click "10 cute pictures of cats," which may lighten up their mood a little, but will they pay to view 10 cute pictures of cats, when they could search for the same thing and view it for free?
@_date: 2018-06-09 08:56:44
The Bitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash debate is not about scaling, it's about politics. The block-size debate is the primary talking point used to try and coerce people to one side because it's the biggest immediate issue Bitcoin has.
But the real debate is about who should control the rules of Bitcoin. The leaders behind the Bitcoin Cash argue that developers and miners should control the rules, and the economic users of the system have no say. On the other hand, Bitcoin believes that any consensus rule changes should have widespread agreement between all economic participants in the system.
The thinking of the Bitcoin Cash camp is that nobody other than miners needs to run a nodes - since miners are the ones creating blocks, other nodes are merely performing validation but don't contribute to securing transactions in the network. But this thinking is dangerous - because it gives miners powers they didn't have, such as being able to change rules, and potentially being able to inflate the currency  supply (which would benefit miners).
In practice, Bitcoin is defined by the economic majority of participating nodes in the network. If a subset of miners decide to change rules without getting the consensus of the economic participants, those miners end up forking away from the network of users, and will be mining a forked coin which has no economic value. Likewise, if all of the economic participants decided to fork the currency to change a rule, and some miners did not agree to this change - those miners would be mining a coin with little or no economic value.
It really takes some mental gymnastics to assert that only Proof-of-Work defines Bitcoin, and miners who are producing that proof-of-work therefore decide all the rules. If this were true, then Bitcoin Cash wouldn't exist - because the Proof-of-Work is still massively on the Bitcoin network. The users of Bitcoin cash had to make a socio-economic decision to download and run a forked client (clearly not a proof-of-work decision) - and then they'll argue that proof-of-work decides everything.
Proof-of-work only prevents double-spending attacks, and it only works when the miners follow the consensus rules that the network majority agree on. The initial rules were set by Satoshi himself, in the working version of the Bitcoin software which everyone's client is derived from. Bitcoin Cash people think the software doesn't matter, and that the whitepaper (which presented an idea, more like a press-release for the software) should be held as Gospel. The only problem is the whitepaper is very vague and it's ambiguous w.r.t the software written by the same author.
@_date: 2018-06-10 14:01:10
Joe doesn't need to hold 1% of the computing power himself, he just needs to tempt miners to accept one transaction over another, by for example, providing a higher fee, or using some secret communication channel to a miner which can get them to re-prioritize transactions.
We saw when Bitcoin fees were high in Nov/Dec last year, that some miners (eg, ViaBTC) were providing a service on the side to "accelerate" transactions for an additional fee. No reason why someone couldn't potentially provide a similar service to attempt to push doubles spends.
@_date: 2018-06-10 11:43:28
"well-engineered fork with replay protection" is technically not even a fork. There is no inherent relation from the original chain to the new altcoin. It is an altcoin which borrows the confirmed transaction history of the original coin up to the time of the inception of the altcoin.
If you broadcast a transaction on the original chain just before the creation of this altcoin, but it had not yet been confirmed in a block - this transaction is now not valid on the altcoin. Therefore, it can't really be considered a continuation of the chian. It's a new chain, with new rules, which just happens to know about this history of another chain.
@_date: 2018-06-09 08:25:57
It's amazing how cashies can completely ignore that most of the people behind Blockstream are hard-core cypherpunks who were developing technologies related to personal security, privacy, liberties before Bitcoin even existed. They're not suddenly going to have a change of heart because they're being paid full-time to work on the technology - they'll jump at such opportunity to work on it full time though. At the same time, they probably don't strictly need that money because most of them were early adopters and probably have a stash of Bitcoin.
The "Blockstream has hijacked Bitcoin" narrative is a propaganda piece created to unite a bunch of conspiritards around a common enemy, and have them shill an altcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-21 23:59:07
You don't control it, because they're just numbers. There is no physical "Bitcoin", and you never actually possess the Bitcoin - but you possess keys which can unlock bitcoin held in UTXOs.
The UTXO holds a specific number of Bitcoin - it's just a fixed point number with 8 decimal places. A transaction paying you N amount of Bitcoin may actually come from many different inputs, like "shards", but they are all paid into a single transaction output containing N bitcoin (unless you specify otherwise).
So in that regard, the transaction process is more like one where every UTXO which you have a key for is one single "chunk" of gold, made by melting and combining many other chunks of gold when the block which contains it was mined.
And when you spend the Bitcoin, the process is like melting down that chunk, and separating out the amount you want to spend. The remaining chunk, once set, becomes your change.
The address, however, can contain many chunks of gold. It's the UTXO which holds the gold, and many UTXOs can contain the same address.
@_date: 2018-06-21 09:47:57
0conf is not about being included in the next block or not, it's about the ability to broadcast (or communicating directly with a miner) a competing transaction spending the same utxo before the next block is mined. Miners will chose which transaction they want to include in the block, and it makes economic sense for them to include the highest-fee paying tx.
Why its problematic is that there is no penalty for double-spend attempts. There may be a small chance of success, but this just means that every once in a while a double spend may succeed. (If you have 10% of hashing power on your side, then 10% of your purchases can be effectively free, on average).
The bit of code which prevents these kind of double spends in most Bitcoin clients is a local check to see if a transaction spending a utxo has already been received, and if so, reject further attempts. This is *purely* a client side check, not a protocol rule. Clients (especially Miner's clients) are free to ignore this rule and pick which transaction they see fit. The rule was only ever put in place to prevent a kind of denial-of-service attack where someone could spam transactions spending the same utxo and exhaust resources.
And ultimately, there is no way to enforce this as a protocol rule in a distributed system, because first-come-first-served is relative where each node operates autonomously. You can't know which came first, conclusively, when different nodes may received them in a different order.


As someone else has mentioned, if raised too highly (or allowed to rise indefinitely), the role of transaction validation will become increasingly concentrated as few can afford the resources to perform the validation. I won't focus too much on this.
The biggest concern isn't about whether a block-size increase is good/bad/acceptable or not, it is about whether or not you can achieve consensus about the proposed change, because Bitcoin's raison d'etre is that it is a system where a minority cannot dictate the protocol against the will of the majority. As soon as a small crowd of people think they know what is best, but fail to convince the participants of the system as such, they've abandoned Bitcoin's most fundamental accomplishment, which was creating the first ever system which was 'leaderless,' and therefore, trustless.
If a small minority can decide the block-size, then a small minority can decide the controlled currency supply too, and perhaps introduce inflation, which would kill Bitcoin. People invest into Bitcoin precisely because its value cannot be reduced by a small group of people deciding to increase the supply. This is what separates Bitcoin from fiat currencies.
There is a bullshit argument from BCH proponents which suggests that miners would only harming themselves if they attempt to inflate the supply, because miners are greedy and they compete. However, even though they're competing, competition sometimes means agreeing to be greedy together. Examples of this can be seen all over the world, where large competing organizations agree to do price fixing (take the recent DRAM price fixing as an example). 
The other falsity in the argument is that miners wouldn't hurt the currency they're mining, because they'd be hurting their own profits. This just demonstrates that people lack an understanding of how currency devaluation happens. If you print new money, the currency supply is not actually inflated (and thus devalued) *until* you have injected that newly printed money into circulation. In other words, miners get to spend their newly minted coins at their full value at the time of minting, and the devaluation of the currency itself is an effect of them putting the new coins into circulation. Since large mining operations will care greatly about short term gains (high time-preference), they won't care that their currency is being devalued, after they've already reaped their rewards. The solution to a devalued currency supply is that they must print even more money next time, leading to an inflationary spiral, which is what you see happen all over the world with government backed currencies who do precisely the same thing.
Ultimately the BCH crowd isn't just about "bigger blocks," but they're about a different style of politics, which they will openly admit to - that is they believe that miners, and miners only, decide the *rules* of the protocol, and thus, miners alone could collude to make changes such as those suggested above. I wrote an [analogy]( here about why that mentality is misguided, because Bitcoin does not have leaders and rulemakers, it has participants and bookkeepers.
@_date: 2018-06-17 12:57:49
A gas/fuel pump which pays by the fluid oz as you refill your car. (or by the kW for electric cars)
Your car will know when it's full and stop paying automatically, or alternatively, the user could set a limit if they have only so much funds available to fill their car, and
@_date: 2018-06-24 09:32:03
You might forget where you buried your metal-engraved wallet.
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:56:00
LN doesn't take this away, it just adds the possibility to negotiate the amount of funds between two parties before actually broadcasting the transaction over the network.
Having everyone's morning coffee or purchase of a loaf of bread everyday being recorded and stored on everyone's machine indefinitely is not really a selling point.
@_date: 2018-03-01 23:33:09
No such principle exists. Any client can block whoever he wants.
But the practicality of it is a different thing. It's impossible to block and enforce a block over a range of IPs, because such blocks can be trivially routed around.
@_date: 2018-03-04 23:09:15
It still is a permanent immutable ledger of transactions. Being a ledger of *all* transactions is not really very useful. Why does it matter to you that some guy on the other side of the world paid 10,000 sats for a service you have no idea about? It's meaningless.
Yes, the blockchain is the revolutionary idea - the immutable ledger. LN does not take this away. The ledger is still there, and it is still used to verify every transaction, including every transaction conducted over the LN. That every LN transaction isn't broadcast over the network is a huge selling point, because we can still have the distributed, immutable, global consensus, without the enormous storage and bandwidth requirements necessary to broadcast every transaction in the world.
@_date: 2018-03-09 12:36:25
There appears to be a bug in the checkout when switching between payment methods. The total price is not updating (e.g, showing the 10% discount when selecting CoinPayments.net or not showing the 10% discount when selecting LN, depending on which option was selected when the page is loaded (I assume remembered from last time).
@_date: 2018-03-26 02:08:55
Meeting in Tokyo
Picture of Osaka Castle
@_date: 2018-03-14 10:50:25
Only if you're retarded enough to affirm the consequent.
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:02:48
If the 4 major mining pools left for a shitcoin, the bitcoin mining difficulty would drop significantly that it would become a lot more viable for average joe to mine it.
There's nothing to be gained for the casual user to follow where the miners go. Blocks are going to get mined still.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:13:44
The fee is still there, but paid by the other party (the taker) in the trade.
A limit order can also incur a taker fee if it's immediately matched. The "post only" feature prevents this, by requiring the limit order from being matched against an existing order in the books.
@_date: 2018-03-05 00:31:56
If a group of miners decides not to follow the rules, they end up creating a useless hard-forked currency that nobody uses, like BCash.
If the people who actually use the currency have no say in the matter, then users will end up being forced to use that currency which isn't the currency they bought into.
Yes, the only way for users to have their say is to run a full node. Running a light node is giving up your say. It's a non-vote on what direction you want the network to take. If you depend on a light node and it hard-forks into a shitty BCash, your money isn't going to be worth as much.
Consider the users that need confidence from the network most - merchants. Any merchant should be running a full node because it's the only way for them to properly verify that they've received payments. If merchants decided not to run full nodes and leave it up to a third party to tell them if a payment has gone through, they can have about as much confidence they've received funds as receiving a credit card payment on Paypal. 
It's because there are a significant enough number of merchants that *will* run a full node, that miners simply cannot have the confidence that they could reasonably fork the network in their favor. And if you take away the ability for merchants to verify their customers have paid, you've not only lost the value of a network consensus, you've completely lost value as a currency that people can depend on. This is the currency's real selling point: That I can verify a transaction without asking someone else. [
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:30:23


It's not a case of whether you agree or not. It's whether the majority of existing software nodes agree. Bitcoin Cash nodes don't agree with majority, because they changed some protocol rules making their clients incompatible with the network majority (the software which was running before their changes).
As for whether the Bitcoin Cash rules are "better", is a different question. There are arguments either way. I personally do not take preference as to which is right. 
The problem is the methodology on how to get your changes across. By failing to get a majority of nodes to agree with your changes it signals that they're *not the right changes*, else people would more readily adopt them. Arguments otherwise, such as that "the majority opinion is the wrong opinion", just undermine the project. If a minority opinion should have any more weight than the majority, the network has failed its principle purpose. Bitcoin cash signals a project which failed to follow consensus rules, which undermines whatever future "vision" they might have.
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:51:22
Many of these "ASIC resistant" algorithms aim to make it difficult to create ASICs by requiring a large amount of memory. Its perfectly possible to build single-board computers with highly optimized ASICs and large amount of memory though.
A software optimized implementation of an algorithm will never out-compete a hardware optimized version.
But the even more concerning thing is, by using memory intensive algorithms in your PoW scheme, you're more than likely making memory access the primary bottleneck in the software implementation of it. Memory access is significantly slower than accessing registers and cache on the CPU, for instance.
ASIC manufacturing can include significantly increased CPU cache sizes, and move memory closer to the CPU, and perhaps include optimizations to caching that can't be achieved on general purpose hardware because software developers have little control over its behavior.
The end result is that your ASIC chip wouldn't only be the several x speedup due to regular processing, but probably another order of magnitude due to faster memory access which is optimized for the problem.
General purpose hardware makes many performance trade-offs to get the generality they need to run many different kinds of processes simultaneously. And software makes many performance trade-offs to be easier to write and maintain.
@_date: 2018-03-05 13:14:19
They should change their name to BlochCzain Republic, nobody uses Czeches anymore.
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:44:18
Stop parroting the same shit as anyone else. Who knows what Satoshi's vision was, he just wrote a whitepaper and some software. Bitcoin Core is backward compatible with that software. Bitcoin Cash is not.
Whether segwit and lightning are "the right solution" is an open question for now, but I think we can say for sure, that "Satoshi's vision" was certainly *not* that the rules of the protocol should be decided by a *minority* of users - as is the case with Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-03-15 18:05:36
You can also make an ASIC which can run a number of algorithms. (See for example, the x11 miners for Dash, which have 11 different hashing algorithms in them.)
You might change the algorithm, but you need nodes to agree up-front which algorithms they're going to change between. If it's known up-front, then hardware can be specialized for that purpose.
This doesn't even need to be ASIC to begin with, but FPGAs, which are just software really, could easily outpace general purpose hardware performing the same tasks. The FPGA can be reprogrammed for whatever hashing algorithm is needed.
Writing specific algorithms in a HDL is only a little more difficult than writing versions optimized for a CPU or GPU.
@_date: 2018-03-14 19:42:56
Also advertising Dash, a highly centralized shitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-15 18:14:37
His vision is irrelevant. Bitcoin is no longer a one man project. If people want to revere some fucking idol and not make their own decisions, the project has utterly failed.
@_date: 2018-03-05 01:18:20


This is why the majority prefer Bitcoin over things like Bitcoin Cash. (I was being caustic when i said nobody uses it, but making the point that they forked from Bitcoin without consensus, and thus only ended up with a fraction of the users).
With current Bitcoin block sizes, it's completely feasible for every merchant to run a full node. A raspberry pi, a 2TB HDD and a negligible amount of electricity and bandwidth will be sufficient for a decade. If the cost to run a full node exceeded a few hundred dollars, it wouldn't be practical as a means of taking payments and verifying them, any more than using visa or other centralized payment service is. There would be no incentive to use a cryptocurrency over existing fiat and banking methods.
@_date: 2018-03-16 16:42:51
I wrote a reply to someone else further down in regard to memory/cache. Yes, it certainly makes it more difficult to manufacture ASICs for, but the adverse effect is that an ASIC can also be optimized for memory/cache access patterns required by the algorithm. An ASIC could massively increase the amount of cache available by expanding the size of a chip. The end result being, if an ASIC is manufactured, it outpaces the software/cpu version *even more* than a regular ASIC outpaces a low-memory hashing algorithm. The ASICs are of course expensive to produce, which is why anyone who put in the resources to do so would probably keep it to themselves to gain advantage over the network. 
When people use the term ASIC resistant, they're talking about being resistant to chips that are already readily available on the market. There's no algorithm which is demonstrably faster as software running on general purpose hardware than it would be on hardware specialized for that task. If that hardware doesn't exist, and someone can gain a large mining advantage by making it, they will make it.
@_date: 2018-03-08 18:14:35
I had no idea there was a claims process until after it had already closed. After the MtGox incident I stopped reading crypto news for a while. I didn't receive any email informing me I could claim (I'm sure they had a list of email addresses, since they were pretty much public information). My losses weren't very big, around 0.15 BTC and $300. I'd obviously still like it (or some of it) back.
@_date: 2018-03-16 17:31:28
He's so detached from reality that the only common people he encounters in his life are his limo driver and his shoe shiner.
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:13:16
Bitcoin Cash is an attack on the Bitcoin network.
They failed to get a consensus for their protocol changes, and thus, forked the network with a minority of users.
But then the same minority tell blatant lies, like calling bitcoin (core) a fork of bitcoin. It's no such thing. Bitcoin core is the original rules, doing exactly as they were intended. Minority forks occur when bad actors are not well-behaved according to the network consensus rules. Bitcoin Cash is a minority of badly behaved nodes. Bitcoin is working fine with their presence, and showing its resilience to such attacks.
Most people on this sub are defensive because they've been pushing back against this attack and debunking the lies for months.
@_date: 2018-03-04 23:53:06
I'll quote from the paper what I suspect you're referring to:


This does not address the issue mentioned above: That miners could collaborate to mint more coins for themselves, which would be more profitable to them than mining the amount currently fixed into the protocol.
@_date: 2018-03-04 23:03:58
Every node validates blocks - it is not limited to miners. If a miner broadcasts a block with invalid transactions, a node can reject the block and refuse to forward it on to other nodes. The largest number of nodes which believe a certain chain to be the correct chain makes up the network consensus.
If miners were the only ones validating blocks, it would only require a trivial number of them to collaborate to reach "consensus", which would not represent what users consider to be consensus (That is, that the majority of full nodes are playing honestly by the rules of the protocol)
@_date: 2018-03-21 06:03:52
This is nothing to do with Tether printing 300million fake dollars.
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:00:38
Nodes will reject your block if its timestamp is before the median time of the previous 11 valid blocks they've seen.
@_date: 2018-03-15 18:11:34
It's an attack because they've forked Bitcoin but still pretend to be Bitcoin. There are numerous high-profile people calling it "the real Bitcoin" for example. They've deliberately tried to coerce the cryptocurrency layman into thinking Bitcoin Cash is the same "Bitcoin" that they've heard on the news, or from a friend. Certain websites have advertised as Bitcoin and then link to bitcoin cash wallets.
If they had called themselves something different, they would probably not cause such a big issue, and they'd probably be more popular as a result. Perhaps a big reason for their unpopularity is that they paint themselves as snake-oil salesmen by deceiving everyone deliberately.
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:05:11
There is no on-chain scaling solution unless you severely underestimate what 'scaling' means.
@_date: 2018-03-04 23:27:56
Mining is there to prevent double spending attacks.
Running a full node and validating transactions is there to ensure that the majority of nodes are playing by the rules of the protocol.
These do not serve the same purpose. A double spend is just one kind of attack that requires enough computing power to mine consecutive blocks with a very high probability. If you gave miners the ability to suddenly decide the rules of the protocol, a double spending attack is probably the least of your worries. The miners could decide, for instance, to mint themselves even more new bitcoins every block. Do you think other miners are going to be incentivized to ignore or adapt to this behavior?
This is really why we need non-mining nodes who would not benefit from such schemes that only miners could benefit from.
@_date: 2018-02-26 22:48:14
I believe it was Hal Finney who lived close to a Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:12:43
There's still no audit, after being promised regular audits in the whitepaper. Promised an audit in 2016. Promised an audit in 2017. They allegedly "fired" their auditor in 2018 for taking too long to do their job.
If it really is smoke without fire, the smoke is already so thick that you can't breathe in it.
@_date: 2018-03-17 19:04:29
'Hacked' aka 'lost phone with poor security on it.'
@_date: 2018-03-25 23:18:17
There's a .25% takers fee on trades. Fee can change depending on trade volume.
@_date: 2018-03-14 23:49:36
The difficulty of mining blocks is adjusted every 2016 blocks. The new difficulty is calculated based on the average time to mine the previous blocks, such that it is intended at the current rate of mining, you would mine one every 10 minutes.
If your mining capability significantly outpaced one block per 10 minutes, it would only do so for up to 2016 blocks, at which point the new difficulty would become very large and you would not be able to keep up such pace unless your hashing capability could scale with the difficulty.
@_date: 2018-03-15 02:44:42
Auto generated by reddit username
@_date: 2018-03-14 23:34:25
There's no such thing as ASIC-proof. ASIC resistance just increases the difficulty for everyone to get into the space, meaning fewer people will have the resources to invest and manufacture them, eventually leading to centralization.
By using something that is easy to manufacture ASICs for, it lowers the bar for entry and you can have many companies manufacturing chips which are mostly on equal footing, and are now basically limited by how much they can shrink the chips, which both prevents one party being able to one-up everyone else, and also pushes forward innovation in chip development as small improvements can provide relatively larger gains.
Anyone creating crypto-currencies and not using double SHA256 as their POW algorithm is barking up the wrong tree. They're really only interested in having the first-adopter advantage where they can mint a significant amount of their coin supply before the market overtakes them as the largest miners. (That's really the purpose of all these shitcoins - they're just shady get-rich-quick schemes for the founders and their backers).
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:36:24
I've not followed it, but it appears to be "change the algorithm as soon as ASICs are manufactured." This might work now while they have a small, tightly-knit community who are happy to all shift to different algorithms, but if they hope to scale and grow into a diverse community, those changes won't be met with open arms. You'll end up with dozens of crappy forks of the currency and a "main" fork which is dictated by the developers.
Perhaps with enough support, this could work, because the knowledge that the algorithm could just change might de-incentivize anyone from investing resources into developing an ASIC if they know it will become useless. But then this has nothing to do with making an algorithm "ASIC resistant". You only need to switch between algorithms which don't already have ASICs available.
@_date: 2018-03-21 22:01:09
Changing the block size is a breaking change to the rules of the Bitcoin protocol, and all existing Bitcoin clients will reject blocks which are larger than 1MB. Making bigger blocks will cause the network to fork into two different chains.
The network which has the largest number of active users is "the real bitcoin" which the market will gravitate towards using. People will have more confidence in a coin which more people are willing to accept, and this will probably be reflected in its value too.
Bitcoin Cash is an example of a fork which tried to change the rules and most people decided against adjusting their software to follow those rules.
@_date: 2018-07-10 14:27:02
Again, this is implementation dependent. BOLT only specifies that the sender of the open_channel message should set the funding_satoshis to less than 2^24, but it does not specify that the receiver should or must reject the message if it is above that.
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:09:51
To correct the grandparent, Kovri is a solution over I2P, not Tor. Your point still stands in that they cannot be relied on completely to preserve privacy, but they're still better than sending transactions over clear IP connections.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:41:43
Putting people in handcuffs and throwing them in a caged room IS violence.
@_date: 2018-03-16 03:47:21
Get over yourself. I make a new account every time I clear my cache and use a reddit default username.
@_date: 2018-07-24 01:13:13
They're still waiting for "permission" to buy in.
@_date: 2018-07-16 16:48:44
Sources for this claim?
Oh right, you have none, because you are full of shit.
Lightning transactions are not public. Nobody knows who is transacting with who, other than the parties involved in the transaction.
If there is a large *number* of transactions happening through one node, perhaps it is a node closely connected to satoshis.place, where there is a high amount of activity because each transaction is *a single satoshi*, and people are making hundreds of them at once. The actual value transferred, however, is not particularly noteworthy.
Your comment is worth shit, adds nothing to the conversation. If hundreds of thousands of users of this sub posted the same garbage as you, it would be impossible to find anything useful. Moderation is not censorship.
@_date: 2018-07-29 18:29:11
Depending on the Lightning implementation you have, you can use several back-ends for validating transactions (eg. Bitcoin core, libbitcoin, maybe others).
The Lightning wallet will communicate with the Bitcoin daemon via JSON-RPC or some other IPC.
@_date: 2018-07-22 14:21:48
It's configurable, but needs to be agreed by both parties when opening the channel.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:12:02
With LN, you always have a *signed* transaction from the other party which entitles you to claim your funds. As long as you monitor the blockchain to ensure the other party does not try to steal your money by broadcasting an outdated balance, you can be sure that you can claim your funds whenever you wish, by broadcasting the current balance.
Unless you have a requirement to settle the balance (such as the other party being unresponsive), the channel can be left open for as long as you wish, and can continue to route payments bidirectionally.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:51:19
New wallpaper. Thanks.
@_date: 2018-07-14 22:00:19
There are a few reasons to HODL.
1. If Bitcoin is going up in value, then selling your bitcoin now means that you might need to buy back in later at a higher price than you sold for. Sell low, buy high is not a great investment strategy. Since you can't predict where Bitcoin will head in order to short it, best to hodl your coins until it's obvious the market is in decline or less volatile.
2. If you bought during a peak, then selling now turns your investment attempt into a guaranteed loss. Buy high, sell low is also a terrible investment strategy. If, however, you hodl, and Bitcoin's value again rises past the point where you invested, then you can sell again, and you have not made a loss - you have only missed out on the potential to capitalize on the assets you've had locked up in Bitcoin during that time.
3. If you believe that Bitcoin is going to be a dominant financial asset in the future, and you don't need liquid assets right now, then you might put them into Bitcoin for long term investment, like a pension plan, where you don't care about short-term fluctuations in price.
People mistake the HODL meme to mean that you should never spend or let go of Bitcoin, but this isn't the case. If you're in it for the long term, then short-term fluctuations in price are merely an opportunity for you to increase your holdings if you're lucky, although there's an equal chance that you could decrease your holdings also, so it's kind of a zero-sum game unless you're pulling some strings (ie, manipulating crowds).
Other than that, you should spend bitcoin, try to earn bitcoin, and try to profit from turning over your money as quickly as possible while producing some economic value, trading smartly when you need to convert between currencies.
The main proponents of HODL are the people who done either 1 or 2 at some point in the past - either sold early and regretted it, or sold late and made a loss, which would've turned into a gain had they waited a while longer.
@_date: 2018-07-15 12:34:13
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:08:59
Bitcoin participants are also *free* to fork the protocol.
From the whitepaper:


The blockchain was the solution to the central mint problem. Participants are not going to let Bitmain have free reign, because it undermines the entire value proposition of Bitcoin - a system which no minority of participants can control, censor, revert payments, or inflate the supply.


It *depends* on mining being decentralized. If this is not the case, the attackers can censor payments and revert their own payments. If most of of the participants are using dumb wallets, they can also inflate the supply.


Bitmain are walking on a tightrope. They are accumulating hashing power with acres of warehouses loaded with expensive mining chips. If (more likely when) the majority of bitcoin participants decide it's enough, they are going to suffer enormous losses, because they will be left with expensive heaters.
If people want BitmainCoin, they can make it a lot less expensive by just sending their transactions directly to Bitmain, without broadcasting them.
@_date: 2018-07-22 19:09:23
That's like saying without being paid, nobody would run a router in their home, because it is unprofitable.
But yet, a billion or more people do, and they even pay $X/mo in a service contract to use something which does not necessarily generate revenue for them. 
I wonder why?
@_date: 2018-07-16 03:12:59
That's the only thing tracked on the blockchain. The whole protocol works in terms of Satoshis, and the way that clients present "bitcoin" to you is just a fixed-point representation of this information (by dividing the satoshi amount by 100,000,000).
@_date: 2018-07-01 11:51:05
It's most likely wallets with poor fee estimation algorithms
@_date: 2018-07-14 22:27:31
Take a look at China, where the Facebook equivalent is WeChat.
People use WeChat or *everything*. Payments, their government issued id. It's practically their operating system, where Android is just the underlying kernel it runs on.
I'd say the prospects for the west look pretty grim. The end-goal of companies like Facebook, Apple, Google, etc, are to be the equivalent of WeChat - government approved and essentially *required* if you're to be a first-class citizen.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:06:25
This isn't possible in Lightning now, but given that the blockchain has a resolution of ~10 minutes on average anyway, you can get close enough by estimating the time it will settle.
@_date: 2018-07-18 14:22:35


A network of **payment channels**, made by participants advertising channels they have open to a network, and allowing trustless transactions to occur *passively* through those payment channels.
A payment channel is essentially a private ledger between two parties, which has a fixed capacity and a pair of balances. The balance can shift between the two parties as they transact between themselves. Their software can also *route payments*, by deducting their balance from one channel and adding the amount deducted to their balance in another channel (adjusted for fees).
For example, if you have open a payment channel with Alice and another payment channel open with Bob, but Alice and Bob do not have a channel open between themselves, they can still transact with each-other by routing through your node. If Alice pays Bob 1uBTC, then your balance on the payment channel with Alice will increase by 1uBTC, but your balance on the channel with Bob will decrease by 1uBTC. The balances of your individual channels has changed, but your total balance between both channels is unchanged (again, adjusted for fees). 


The lightning network does not have its own currency, and you don't *send funds* to it. All transactions related to payment channels are valid and pre-signed Bitcoin transactions. The only difference is, they are not broadcast over the Bitcoin network. The parties involved with a payment channel communicate the transactions privately.
A channel is funded via sending funds from a SegWit address to a 2-of-2 multisig transaction output, where both parties in the payment channel are required to sign this output in order to spend the funds going forward. This effectively opens a payment channel. The channel is closed when the 2-of-2 output is spent. The funding and closing transactions are broadcast on the Bitcoin network.
After the funding transaction is created, the two parties communicate privately about who owns what portion of the total funds in the channel. They negotiate smart contracts between themselves, called commitment transactions, which both prove who owns the amount, and also revokes any previous contract, because the contracts contain a penalty whereby any attempt to spend a revoked contract will result in the other party claiming the entire funds.


Answered above, by closing the payment channel and spending the 2-of-2 signature output. This can be done in three possible ways:
1. The users agree to settle the current balance, by creating a signed transaction which effectively does a regular P2WPKH transaction both parties with their current balance.
2. If one party is offline or uncooperative, the other party can broadcast their privately negotiated commitment transaction, which will close the channel after a delay which has been previously agreed on.
3. If one party attempts to broadcast a previously revoked commitment transaction, they will not be able to claim funds until a delay has passed. Before that delay has been reached, the other party can broadcast the revocation key for it, and claim all of the funds in the payment channel.


As previously described, Lightning transactions *are* Bitcoin transactions, but the commitment transactions are not broadcast over the Bitcoin network, unless closing the payment channel. The only way to transact between Lightning and regular Bitcoin is to open and close payment channels, which is not very efficient because there are bitcoin transaction fees involved each time.
The idea with payment channels is that you should not need to close them regularly. Any funds you receive over the Lightning network can be spent to any node who can be reached over the network by routing a payment through other channels (up to 20 hops). It is believed that with enough support, there will be little reason to ever take your money out of the Lightning network because you will be able to perform all of your transactions on it, such as receiving your salary, paying your bills, making any purchases etc. In this scenario, closing a channel becomes more of a settlement dispute, which only needs to be done if one party is uncooperative or attempts to steal funds by broadcasting an old commitment transaction.


There are currently 3 working implementations of a lightning network node, whose protocol is defined by a set of standards called BOLTs. These are c-lightning, lnd, and eclair.
There are also several other implementations in development, such as rust-lightning, ptarmigan. (Several others I can't remember of the top of my head).
These can be used as-is, via the command line, or there are a number of front-ends which use one of the above 3 as a back-end.
@_date: 2018-07-08 13:16:04
Lightning is encrypted and authenticated using the canonical transport layer. How are you going to get useful information on Wireshark (unless you have wireshark interacting with the Lightning client)?
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:35:31
It's possible to say that a transaction can't pass until *after* a specific time (as the blocks contain real timestamps), but you can't get any better resolution that one block after that timestamp has been included in a block. 
The main problem with doing it in the Lightning network is that you might still have the channel open when the time-lock on a previous state has expired - which would allow the other party to claim those funds without delay and potentially steal.
By using a sequence verify instead, the transaction doesn't "activate" until it is broadcast, after which the number of blocks must pass before it can be claimed, giving he other party an opportunity to broadcast the key to revoke it.
It would be technically possible to use *both* CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY and CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY in a transaction, which means the transaction won't become active until the time is reached, and afterwards, you still have to wait N blocks specified. This isn't implemented in the current Lightning spec.
@_date: 2018-07-17 18:19:19
Bitcoin Cash went down a big chunk too. Looks like someone dumped a bunch of BCH for BTC.
@_date: 2018-07-31 23:06:06
If the majority change, you will be the altcoin.
But you're right, that if only a minority want to fork, they will be making an altcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-07 16:53:21
I might be doing something dumb, but I'm having trouble reproducing `r` in Test vector 2. I'm using BouncyCastle's implementation of Secp256k1.
    ;Let k = int(hash(bytes(d) || m)) mod n
    ;Let R = kG
    //d = B7E151628AED2A6ABF7158809CF4F3C762E7160F38B4DA56A784D9045190CFEF
    //m = 243F6A8885A308D313198A2E03707344A4093822299F31D0082EFA98EC4E6C89
    var k = new BigInteger(sha256(concat(bytes(d),m))).mod(n);
    //k = 921d79a6345d16c7cf9df63620753cf559a33a9f2258a6075a0ce8642816e725
    var R = G.multiply(k).normalize();
    //r = R.x = 7075268f012cbf78612287c887b2219159424b6bbeca0f33a173e44494f90888
    //Expected: 2A298DACAE57395A15D0795DDBFD1DCB564DA82B0F269BC70A74F8220429BA1D
Test vectors 1 and 3 produce the correct point.
Also, there's a typo in the last line of these instructions.


 **x** should be **d**. (And should `k + ed` not be bracketed, as mod has precedence over +)?
@_date: 2018-07-14 21:40:37
If you are here for the promise that you'll get a ROI in months, then you are not "investing", you are simply gambling. The question then shouldn't be "when should I gamble?", but "what are the odds?" (I.e, how likely is Bitcoin likely to appreciate or depreciate in value?)
What you should be *investing* in, is personal autonomy. You should be investing into a future where you can make payments which cannot be shut down by someone else, where you can have savings which cannot be frozen or stolen by a bank, where you can make non-revocable cash-like payments, globally, to anybody you want, at low cost, confirmed almost instantly, with potential privacy preservation.
These are desirable properties for *everyone*, since there is no controlling party. Is bitcoin likely to get an increase in demand, say, more than 20%, as the maximum supply of Bitcoin will only ever increase by approximately that amount? Since value is determined by supply and demand, how likely is it that Bitcoin will appreciate in value in the long term? Given the desirable properties above, I'd say it's a no-brainer, but I can't give you any dates.
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:40:47
x86 won because it outperformed all of its competition on performance/price.
The same could happen if another cryptocurrency can completely outperform Bitcoin, without sacrificing the fundamental principles which give Bitcoin its value. (Because as soon as you give up these principles, you might as well be PayPal)
At present, it does not look like this will be the case because most of the optimisation technologies are being conducted by Bitcoin developers, even though there are a bunch of other developers who are running cash grab schemes by issuing their own token.
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:38:26
Hope people realize that a Bitmain IPO is a clear conflict of interest w.r.t the decentralization of Bitcoin.
If Bitcoin ends up needing a PoW change as a last-resort in response to Bitmain's continual centralization, who is going to get fucked?
Bitmain shareholders is who.
If you invest in Bitmain, it means you're invested in Bitcoin becoming more centralized. The remaining Bitcoin users who are not invested in Bitmain will not give a fuck about you. When the time inevitably comes to change the PoW algorithm, you will get stung, hard, as the value of your Bitmain stock diminishes.
Bitmain should spin their mining activity off into a separate business, or sell it off, so that people can invest in Bitmain as an innovative, fast-growing semiconductor company, without the conflict of interest when it comes to Bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:33:01
Lightning payments are almost instant. They take as long as it takes to find a route through the network, send you payment through a few hops, and get a response. Can be milliseconds to seconds, although there's the chance that it could timeout or fail to find a route, but this will become less of a problem as adoption rises.
Because the transactions are not settled immediately on the block-chain, there is no need to wait for confirmations.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:21:37
I think settling once a week or day is very unlikely, and the network will not really offer much value if this happens to be the case.
Consider opening a channel to be something like opening a bank account, creating an account with a supplier, or getting a store card. You don't exactly close your bank account every week and then go and open another one. Most people will run the same bank account for years, decades even. Savvy people will move their bank accounts every 1-5 years depending on which bank is offering the best deals (since they usually offer the best deals to new account owners).
So most channels *should* (hopefully) last years, not just months. As long as the other party doesn't disappear or attempt to defraud you, there will be little reason to settle a channel - you can just keep using the channel to route payments, bidirectionally.
But even then, the block space is still an issue and we're going to need some further developments.
@_date: 2018-07-03 10:48:05
My advice would be that you should intend to be in it for the long-term (5-10 years or more). Don't invest with the expectation of x gains in 6 months, as you may have read about people making. The future value of Bitcoin does not depend on speculation, but on whether or not the technology can succeed in bringing about a global economy of micropayments with tiny fees, privacy and personal autonomy.
If you're not confident that Bitcoin can succeed long-term, don't invest. If you are confident, you should not really care what the price is right now and just focus on both accumulating it and investing in the solutions which are likely to make Bitcoin succeed and gain widespread usage from being practical, convenient and easy to use, without sacrificing the above, since those will be the businesses which succeed alongside Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-08 10:06:04
Foreigners also don't have to pay sales tax if they're only visiting Japan, which is currently 8%, soon to be 10%.
@_date: 2018-07-14 22:14:00
1. Bitcoin has no limitations on *who* can use it as a medium of exchange, or for what purpose.
2. They are stored in a global, immutable, public ledger, which can be viewed by anyone and the balances cannot be changed without the keys to sign.
3. The value of 1 Bitcoin is a constant, perpetual 1 Bitcoin. Its value cannot be adjusted at the whim of bankers and politicians.
Bitcoin functions better than any other currency that has ever existed.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:34:59
It was done in a trivial setting. I believe the 500tx/s figure was measuring the computational time to validate and sign lightning payments on commodity hardware, to figure out the scaling potential of a single lightning node. It does not mean you can do 500tx/s per channel on 500 different channels. It means you should be able to do 1tx/s on 500 channels. In other words, computational resources are not going to be the limiting factor for most people to run a node.
In practice, the number of tx/sec is going to be limited by network latency between all nodes involved in a payment, and you would also need to account for failures due to insufficient balances, nodes going offline and such - which will require additional attempts to make payments.
@_date: 2018-07-14 23:08:57
The unit of exchange in LN is millisatoshis, however, when rounding balances for each commitment transaction, the amounts are rounded down to the nearest satoshi, with any left-over satoshis contributing to the Bitcoin fees.
Obviously, if you attempt to transact in millisats over lightning, then close a channel, both parties will lose out on some millisats if they do not agree on whole satoshi amounts when settling a channel balance.
@_date: 2018-07-18 13:40:06
There is already a mechanism for decision making in Bitcoin.
The mechanism is that every user, of their own volition, decides the consensus rules they will validate and adhere to with their software client, such that they can cooperate with a network of participants following he same rules. In fact, the "easy way" as the article describes it, is *the best* way.
Any "governance" that might be needed must be purely *signaling*. We can introduce mechanisms to provide hints to the users as to which set of rules the majority of participants of this Bitcoin system are going to follow going forward, such that they can make the necessary adjustments to their software client to continue trading on the same network as the majority, should they agree to those rules.
As soon as you insert systems where users do not make the decision any longer, but the decisions are made by some kind of  governing body, then the Bitcoin experiment is a massive failure.
It's amazing how all these shitcoins are pointing the finger at Bitcoin and saying "it has a governance problem." When in fact, they have the governance problem, because they have governance. The fact that Bitcoin does not have governance is a *feature*, not a bug.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:15:09
They're not. They're a conflict of interest.
It just means you've moved any decision making away from PoW and into the board of directors of one company.
Mining must be decentralized for Bitcoin to have any value. There is little value in a massively redundant global database which is only updated by a single entity. It's a huge waste of resources.
@_date: 2018-07-15 12:08:30
The protocol itself uses millisats (expressed as 64-bit unsigned integers). It would perhaps be possible to achieve lower quantity transactions with modifications to the protocol, but given that fees are measured in millisats, it wouldn't really be practical to use on the Lightning network.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:59:08


A very significant portion of the human population. It's called "living check to check", or "on the breadline".
They're probably the majority. The work, earn money, and spend it. They're usually flat out broke just before the next paycheck arrives, and the cycle repeats.
For someone who *saves* money. The solution is not to close channels and open new ones. The solution is just to open more new channels, or the make the channels they have larger via splice-in (not implemented yet). Of course, when you have *enough* channels open, you can store your money in regular bitcoin UTXOs.
Instead of closing each channel individually though, you would route funds from various channels into a single large channel, then close just the one channel, and get all of those funds back as a regular Bitcoin payment, with no need to close and open dozens of channels.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:05:48
I wouldn't call it *solved* yet. There are partial solutions in development, but even with all the existing solutions combined, the block-size will still be a limiting factor in achieving global scale, if we're ever going to get there.
With improvements like Schnorr and Taproot on Bitcoin, we'll be able to considerably reduce the size of some Lightning channel transactions, and introduce new kinds of multi-signature schemes which do not require more on-chain storage in most cases.
@_date: 2018-07-08 21:43:44
The only way new bitcoins are created is by mining a new block. The maxmimum number of new satoshis which can be created per block is given by 5000000000/2^floor(blockHeight/210000) , which is verified for every block added to the chain by every software client running on the network. Anyone attempting to mint more coins than this will produce blocks which everyone else will reject as invalid.
Once the block heigh exceeds 6930000, the above formula will always produce 0, meaning no more new satoshis will be created in each block. Miners will need to rely on transaction fees to earn money from the blocks they mine. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 23:12:56
They would more likely be bankrupt.
Bitmain doesn't have billions of dollars lying around. Like any company, they invest most of their revenue to produce more and increase their revenue further. If their hardware suddenly became useless, I doubt they would have the cash-flow to continue operating. Meaning they'd either need massive outside investment, or they won't be paying their suppliers and employees for a while.
Either way, the damage would be large enough that other organizations could step in and challenge them, and they would think twice about accumulating so much equipment again.
@_date: 2018-07-22 13:18:20
There are two aspects to upgrading.
A software upgrade is when somebody makes a change to their software client, which you can download and replace your existing client with, and continue to use the network as you have always used it, but with a different client interface. (Ie, user-interface upgrades, bug fixes in code, etc).
Second is a *consensus upgrade*, which is any change to the rules that bitcoin clients use to validate transactions and blocks received. A consensus upgrade is much more difficult, because *everyone* must upgrade, which requires some herculean effort. Nobody has shown how this might be done without causing a contentious fork in the chain. (It has been done before, when the network was much smaller.)
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:48:04


A minority fork can only survive if there are some economic participants that follow it. There will always be some rent seekers trying to profit from a hard-fork, but generally they do not survive in any meaningful capacity. They are purely speculative tokens people are trading on exchanges. I don't see them having any long term relevance. Some cases in point: Look at how many of the Monero forks people care about.
Hashing power only secures the network if it is distributed. Once your transaction has been included in a block, the only way this can be altered is if a miner produces an alternative, longer chain. Since only miners can do so, miners are the only potential adversary in the system. A mining majority *is* the adversary. Your coins are absolutely not secure, even after X amount of confirmations, if a majority of mining power can collaborate to create a new chain, because they can reverse transactions from any point, provided they have enough hash power to eventually produce a longer chain from that point.
"Hashing" isn't what secures the network. Distributed hashing, such that no colluding parties can out-pace the honest ones, is what secures the network. And we come back to what is meant by "honest". Honest is what the economic participants of the system are validating. They don't care what miners are up to. Miners cannot change rules without the backing of the participants.


Exchanges are not the economic activity. They are merely facilitators of trade. The traders using those exchanges are the ones who matter, because if the markets are not the ones they intend to trade on, they will move their activity to an exchange which has the market they want. Exchanges, are therefore, extremely unlikely to move to a contentious hardfork unless most other exchanges do too, and most other exchanges are not going to move to the hard-fork unless their users are asking them to - which is obviously not going to be the case when the economic participants of the system are against the hardfork.
If most miners, and most exchanges decided to migrate to this new hardfork called Bitcoin Unlimited Inflation, how many users are going to quickly withdraw their money from the exchanges? They don't need to do anything to ignore the miners who hard-forked, because their software is already ignoring them. 
The end result is that a fork without significant economic backing is a useless shitcoin. It doesn't matter how much hashing power it has, or how many centralized exchanges jump on board. People opted into Bitcoin because it is a decentralized asset which no minority of participants can control. They will follow the chain which ensures this will always be the case, doing whatever is necessary to kick out adversaries - which may be the miners if those miners (unwisely) attempt to attack the network.
@_date: 2018-07-27 23:11:38
Another of Satoshi's mistakes: 
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:37:52
If neither of them attempt to claim it, then yes.
Both of them have the option of claiming it by broadcasting the commitment transaction, but if the both happen to lose that transaction, the funds will also be lost.
If they both have the private keys used to sign the funding transaction, and have some means of communicating, they could sign a new transaction which spends the funds outside of the LN.
@_date: 2018-07-15 18:32:16
It is a threat to the network if Bitmain control the majority of mining, but the threat is that Bitmain could either: double spend or censor transactions (denial of service) by orphaning blocks they don't want to include in the longest chain.
The moment they conduct either of these actions, the entire Bitcoin network can agree to update their software to using a different PoW algorithm, and Bitmain will have a dozen or so warehouses packed full of expensive equipment become instantly obsolete. Bitmain would be dust.
And the reason we can collectively agree to update our software to change the PoW is because *we don't need anybody's permission* to do it. Each user, by their own volition, can decide whether or not to update to an alternative PoW, where their transactions become uncensorable and not double-spendable again, or they can chose to continue to transact on a chain where they are censored, or they may have funds stolen by the majority miner. I think I can guess which most people will pick!
@_date: 2018-07-15 12:33:26
You're right that the debate is as old as time. The GNU argument had merit initially, but that doesn't entitle it to claim attribution for everything Linux has done since, because much of it does not include or even depend on GNU software. Android, for instance, uses very little GNU software. Most embedded Linux use-cases don't use GNU software, but lightweight alternatives like busybox. Even GCC is not required anymore, because people are compiling Linux with LLVM.
Dragging on the GNU/Linux debate just looks like desperation at this point. Free software can stand on its own merits without trying to take credit for the work of Linux developers. If you're distributing a desktop Linux bundled with GNU software, then by all means call it a GNU/Linux distribution, but lets move past arguing that Linux is a GNU project.
Andreas knows the history as well as anyone. His omission of GNU is intentional.
The Free software foundation is doing noteworthy work elsewhere. Its own kernel project is eternal vaporware. We can educate people about the benefits of free software without piggybacking on another project, which initially shared some of the same goals, but which clearly diverged from those goals. 
@_date: 2018-07-23 23:42:58
If miners attempt to increase the total supply, economic users don't need to do anything but run their client as usual. Their client will reject attempts to raise the supply and just ignore miners attempting it.
The only thing miners can do to harm the network involves them publishing valid blocks, and as far as we know, the only damage a mining majority can do with valid blocks is to attempt double-spends, or to cause denial-of-service by orphaning valid blocks.
@_date: 2018-07-14 20:17:26
Schnorr has not really been worked out or pushed as a proper BIP yet. The BIP proposed by Wuille so far is a proposal to standardize Schnorr signature implementations because there does not yet exist a standard for it (unlike ECDSA, which is standardized). It does not say how this will be pushed into Bitcoin yet, although this is also being worked on.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:24:18
It would not surprise me if a change in PoW algorithm made Bitmain bankrupt.
Well, the only chance of recovering the costs of all that hardware is if they can make it back from other shitcoins which use double Sha256 as their hashing algorithm.
It would be a significant blow anyway, and they would think twice about accumulating so much hashing power in future (or would go to greater lengths to hide their mining output).
@_date: 2018-07-19 02:26:17
You communicate with a running daemon like c-lightning or lnd over a json-rpc interface.
@_date: 2018-07-22 14:54:52
Miners do the bookkeeping, but they need to play by the rules or they will be ignored. The rules prevent them from doing things like arbitrarily inflating the money supply. Miners can't just change the rules because they are accountable to the economic participants.
In the case of a hard-fork where a majority hash power diverges from the economic majority, this does not inherently make the economic chain insecure. The majority mining power has the choice to either secure their newly forked coin with their hash power, or use their hash power to attempt to attack the economic chain. In the latter case, since the economic majority agrees that those miners do not serve their interests, that economic majority can introduce their own hard-fork which changes the PoW algorithm. Miners, of course, would absolutely not want this to happen because it would make many of them bankrupt. They're strongly incentivized agree with the economic majority.
Exchanges don't matter too much. An exchange can follow a fork, but if the users of that exchange do not agree, they will withdraw their funds and take them elsewhere. (Unless the exchange holds their funds hostage). Exchanges, are therefore also incentivized to follow the economic majority, because their business potential is maximized by participating on the chain with the most economic users.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:26:45
I'm familiar with PowX, but it does not *solve* the problem. It just gives a different set of actors a head start, and will inevitably lead to the same result.
For mining to remain decentralized, the hardware to perform the mining must be a commodity, and must be affordable. I should be able to go down to my local store and pick up the required equipment. I shouldn't be picking up some out-of-date miner which has been collecting dust while it was running in Bitmain's warehouse for the past 3 months.
Until that is the case, we need to expect that PoW changes might happen, as Monero has done for example. It should be a last resort, but at the rate Bitmain is going, we'll be probably need to consider it quite soon.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:26:13
This is why there is an channel_reserve_satoshis which can be agreed by both parties on opening a channel, which prevents any one side becoming completely depleted, in which case they would have no risk of penalty and might try to attack. If they always have some amount of funds reserved in the channel, they will have the incentive to play honestly, where they're guaranteed to obtain those funds eventually.
The chance of somebody *not watching*, are likely to be extremely low, as the wallet software being developed encourages running full nodes, or delegating it to a watchtower who is always online. It should basically be expected under normal circumstances that attempts to steal will fail.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:15:03
Not necessarily. When you broadcast the current channel state, it pays the other party his share of the funds immediately, and yours after a delay.
If you broadcast an old channel state which, and the other party is watching, he can take *all* of the funds in the channel, by broadcasting a competing transaction with the revocation key you gave him, which pays the output to him immediately, with no timelock.
The question is, do you know whether or not he is watching? He might be watching even if his node is down. Or he might've delegated the watching to someone else (a watchtower) who can broadcast the transaction which takes the money too.
Are you willing to take the risk of trying to steal the other party's funds when it requires you to bet your funds in the channel?
@_date: 2018-07-09 17:40:16
For Alice to broadcast an old channel state, she must wait for a time-lock to expire before she can claim those funds. However, when transactions occur over the lightning network, each party provides a key which *revokes* a previous transaction. If Bob has the revocation key for a previous transaction which Alice broadcasts, he can broadcast a competing transaction which allows him to claim all of the funds in the channel *immediately*. Essentially, this is a penalty for bad behavior. If one party broadcasts an old state, they can lose *all* of the funds in the channel.
However, this requires that Bob (or someone on his behalf) is always monitoring the Bitcoin network to see if Alice attempts to broadcast an old state, so that he can provide the competing transaction in a timely manner.
@_date: 2018-07-23 01:25:27
The utxo containing the channel funds has already been spent in this case. This is because it has two outputs: one to the local node, which is sequence locked for 144 blocks, and another output to the other party of the channel, which pays instantly.
So no, it's not possible to accelerate it. The other party already has his money.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:22:58
This is why I suggested Bitmain should sell off, or spin their mining activity into a different company.
Bitmain as a semiconductor company is not a conflict of interest, but their mining operations are. When you have these merged into one entity, the conflict of interest is there, because a change in PoW on Bitcoin is going to cripple their stock value.
You also have the problem that Bitmain will have the fiduciary duty to maximize their shareholder profit, which will inevitably mean ramping up their mining operations, which are a big source of revenue. This can only lead to more centralization. It does not seem like there is any reasonable claim that a Bitmain IPO could help in decentralizing mining.
@_date: 2018-07-30 11:41:52
They're in their 30s officer, honest.
@_date: 2018-07-16 02:34:59
It is an intentional mis-characterization of things said by Core developers which is used to prop-up his Bitcoin Cash cult, which is mostly a bunch of conspiritards like him.
Basically, Greg Maxwell is quoted as saying something like "I think we should be popping the champagne that Bitcoin can maintain itself after the block subsidy disappears."
The original meaning behind these words, comes from the concern that we weren't quite sure what the economic and incentive structure behind mining will be once the subsidy expires or becomes negligible. The idea that Satoshi originally presented in the whitepaper:


Greg's "popping the champagne" remark was in response to fees exceeding the block subsidy for a short time last year (for the first time since Bitcoin started), which effectively proved that Satoshi's idea can work in practice, and that we do not need to use inflation as a means to incentivize mining on the network.
However, this does not imply that fees must be perpetually high, since we are a number of years away from the fees overtaking the subsidy as the primary block incentive. It doesn't even imply that there must be a finite limit on the block-size, it only demonstrates that a finite block size can provide the right incentives (versus an unlimited block-size, which has not yet proved that fees alone can provide the incentive.)
One concern with ever increasing block-sizes is that propagation, computation and storage costs will actually *exceed* the fees taken from transactions in those blocks, making it a zero-sum, or losing game for miners.
@_date: 2018-07-30 09:46:19
In a payment channel, with each transaction a new commitment transaction needs creating by both parties. The commitment transaction is a signed bitcoin transaction, which spends the 2-of-2 signature transaction output holding the channel funds into two outputs. The first output is the other party's address. The other output is a "smart contract", which will either pay the user who claims the funds after a time-lock (e.g, 144 blocks) or will pay the other user, if he can provide the revocation key.
These commitments are not broadcast on the blockchain and are communicated between the two parties directly. Each new commitment transaction *revokes* the previous one. The key for the previous commitment is surrendered each time a new commitment is made.
The purpose of this is to prevent one party from broadcasting an old commitment on the blockchain. If he attempts to do so, he must wait for the time-lock, but during that time, the other party could broadcast the revocation key and claim the funds immediately. This is known as the "LN penalty" transaction. Essentially, it punishes dishonest behavior by allowing the honest party to take all of the channel funds if there is attempt to claim an old balance.
This means that you need to monitor the blockchain at all times, because you need to know if somebody broadcasts the old channel state, so you can broadcast the revocation. However, the task of monitoring the blockchain can be delegated to some other party, called a watchtower, who will broadcast your revocation transaction if it sees an attempted theft.
Since a party can never know if you are watching the blockchain (or someone is watching for you), it is in his best interest to assume you are, else he will more than likely lose his money from the channel. Each channel has a reserve balance so that each party has a minimum amount of satoshis, preventing the case where somebody has nothing to lose by attempting theft.
The "LN penalty" is not the only kind of transaction which can used for payment channels. There's other known types of payment channels, which don't have penalties, but have other trade-offs (such as a limited number of tx which can be made before the channel must close). However, these still require monitoring the blockchain for transactions broadcast by the other party.


LN is completely optional, but you will probably want to use it in most cases where a merchant supports it. It's faster, cheaper, more private. The LN invoice specification allows for you to include a fallback bitcoin address in the case where you can't make a lightning payment (such as being offline). You can still make the Bitcoin payment, but you'll pay more in fees, and have to wait for confirmations.
@_date: 2018-07-15 16:40:29
Bitcoin will be the biggest. The biggest open, borderless, decentralized, uncensorable cryptocurrency.
There may be other, more popular "cryptocurrencies", but they're merely payment processors jumping on the hype train to offer something which provides none of the benefits of an open, borderless, decentralized, uncensorable cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin is the internet of money because **bitcoin is a just protocol**, like TCP/IP is the protocol for the internet. There is no central entity which controls or restricts your use of TCP/IP. You don't need to ask permission to send packets.
@_date: 2018-07-03 10:53:46
There's already a timeout built into the Lightning payment protocol, and also a fallback bitcoin address in the case that a lightning payment can't be made, it may still be sent on-chain. All encoded into the same lightning invoice when you scan a QR code or copy/paste a lightning: address.
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:06:53
Well, it's more a problem of vertical scaling and the upper performance limit of per processor. In order to get the same performance from RISC, you would need multiple chips, and then you have the software problem of writing applications that can run over multiple chips, which is still limited by Amdahl's law so it may not even be possible to get the same performance depending on the task. Inherently serial tasks will still perform better on a single, high-speed processor, and adding additional processors or cores won't change that.
@_date: 2018-07-22 14:08:16
No. A hard-fork occurs when two competing chains exist. This might be because miners attempt the hard-fork, but if the economy does not agree about the blocks those miners are creating, the network will ignore them.
A non-contentious hard-fork can only happen if the clear majority of participants upgrade too. Miners are not decider of anything other than the longest valid chain. The key word here is *valid*. What is valid depends upon economic consensus, and is not decided by the miners. The main problem is that economic participants do not have a way of signaling what rules they accept which isn't vulnerable to Sybils.
@_date: 2018-07-23 22:49:22
More likely to happen in reverse with almost every alt.
@_date: 2018-07-08 13:48:45
To understand why China engages in protectionism you must understand the opium wars. China was undoubtedly the "loser". They will never allow themselves to build up a deficit in the same way they did back then on virtually any product or service. At the same time, they have double-standards, in that they expect that nobody else can or should engage in protectionism, and they should not be restricted on their exports.
It's only right that western nations react in the same way, or they risk becoming the "loser" in the future, because there's a striking parallel between the products being sold now - mobile phones/technology, and the product being sold then - Opium. Both are highly addictive with the masses being almost entirely reliant on them.
@_date: 2018-07-03 10:09:40
There's no database. The keys are *reproduced* from a deterministic algorithm known as a Key Derivation Function. 
Initially, 256-bits of random entropy are generated, which serves as one of the inputs to the KDF. The other input is optional passphrase chosen by the user, which is prefixed with the string "mnemonic". If you pass the same entropy and passphrase to the KDF, you get back the same results each time.
The KDF returns two 256-bit values. One serves as the "master private key", and the other serves as a chaining key which is used as an input to further calls to the KDF.
The initial random entropy is encoded into a 24 word phrase by adding an 8-byte checksum at the end (to prevent typing errors), making 264 bits, and splitting it into 11-bit chunks. Each 11-bit number is the line index of a word in a fixed dictionary of 2048 words.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:09:42
The balances of Lightning channels are held in regular 2-of-2 multisig transaction outputs on Bitcoin. If neither party spends those funds, they'll remain unspent indefinitely (there's no timelock).
Each party has a signed transaction from the other party which they can broadcast at any time to settle the balances, which will spend the funds to a new address. The person who broadcasts this commitment transaction will need to wait some pre-agreed N blocks (eg, N=144, or 1 day) to collect their funds.
@_date: 2018-07-03 09:55:53
UASF (or a UAHF) are signalling mechanisms which allow nodes to indicate their intent to follow a specific fork at a given block height. This method of signalling is not very robust, as it is possible for anyone to spin up many node instances and effectively have *more votes*. If, for example, somebody was attempting to prevent a hard-fork, they could spin up many instances voting against it, which would probably prevent the hard-fork from happening, because a hard-fork without general consensus would fracture the network and reduce overall confidence in the asset.
Since there is no way to tell who is a real node and who is a Sybil in this case, we need better signalling methods such as prediction markets as a way to determine whether or not general consensus can be reached.
@_date: 2018-07-15 16:50:43
The whitepaper describes this scenario


Miners do not decide the rules. They can only play within the rules agreed upon by the network majority, or else they'll be rejected off that network by the majority, and will be mining their own chain with a small minority of non-economic network participants - only themselves and whoever they've managed to fool into following them.
Bitcoin Cash is a clear example of this. A minority of users wanted make arbitrary changes to the network, but did not have the consensus of the majority of participants, and thus ended up creating their own minor fork of the chain. While they claim to follow "Satoshi's Vision", they overlook the part of the whitepaper quoted above, and actually reverse the claim: they argue that a majority of miners can make any arbitrary changes they want. (Of course, they *can* make any changes they want to their own software and within their tiny echo chamber community, but they can't force those changes on everyone else.)
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:54:28
The copy pasting can be resolved with a URL with the protocol set to lightning://. The browser could be configured to point to the correct application. Users will just need to click a link in a shopping cart and have the transaction information automatically load into their favorite wallet.
@_date: 2018-07-17 04:34:02
Develop it. Lightning is still in very early stages, needs lots of work before it is easy to use, accessible to everybody, and implementations do "the right thing" out of the box, and prevent the user from doing the wrong thing.
If you're not a programmer, you can still help with things like documentation, translations, usability studies, package maintaining for various operating systems, technical support, tutorials &amp; education. Make a blog post or video explaining the stuff in simpler terms so that more people can understand its benefits and get started.
Alternatively (or additionally), start accepting lightning based payments for a product or service.
@_date: 2018-07-09 10:56:12
@_date: 2018-07-31 07:38:18


I don't think it is intentional. I think they are just too dumb to understand that a force-directed graph deceives the eyes to make things look more heavily centralized. Its entire purpose is to visually centralize more connected nodes. It's hard for idiots to come to terms with, particularly if they can just parrot something &lt;bcash thought leader&gt; has said in a video on youtube.
@_date: 2018-07-28 10:15:13
Backup isn't necessarily a solution by itself. Having your private key in multiple locations actually reduces your security - you increase your attack surface if only one backup is required to recover the private key.
The correct way to backup is to use an m-of-n scheme for your private keys, such as shamir's secret sharing, or to store your bitcoins in an m-of-n txo and store each private key separately.
@_date: 2018-07-22 14:58:36


This isn't true. A majority (51%) hash power can censor any transaction by orphaning any block containing transactions they don't want. As long as that majority produce the longest chain, they can deny service to bitcoin users. However, by doing so, they risk the potential that the users will collectively agree to throw the miners out by changing the PoW algorithm, and this would very likely make the attackers bankrupt, because they would be sat on massive quantities of now-obsolete hardware.
@_date: 2018-07-29 16:58:14
Channel re-balancing can be done by routing payments to yourself over Lightning.
Also, in future there will be exchanges that will allow you to withdraw funds directly into a lightning channel, and avoid the on-chain transactions entirely, assuming you have open (depleted) lightning channels open already.
Currently there is no support for adding/removing funds to lightning channels. In future, there should be support for splice-in and splice-out (Ren Pickhardt is currently working on this).
@_date: 2018-07-16 05:42:54
He is not selling any more of because it has changed into a civil rehabilitation claim. Creditors will now get back some of their money in Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-04-24 18:54:03
Bitcoin Cash is both a software fork and a network fork. The software fork, Bitcoin ABC, is a fork of the Bitcoin codebase. The network fork occurred when the first 8MB block was mined and accepted by the forked clients, but would've been flat out rejected by every other Bitcoin client.
@_date: 2018-04-27 19:22:47
The price being apart is why it is so tragic.
I just paid $9,000 for a Bitcoin Cash because I thought I was buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:10:03
I'm not talking about trademark law. Trademark law protects a business from other companies using their name.
I'm talking about consumer protection laws, in which consumers are expected to be given the service they are advertised or pay for.
If anyone is going to get sued, it's not because of trademark because the Bitcoin trademark was never defended and has become effectively public domain.
However, people have an expectation of what Bitcoin is and isn't. A service which tells you it's giving you Bitcoin and gives you something else has done so fraudulently, and you have every right to try and sue them. (Ultimately, a court will decide whether they intentionally defrauded you or whether you were mistaken in your purchase).
@_date: 2018-04-27 09:09:20
The idea of SegWit being a "soft fork" is that **all nodes** see SegWit transactions as valid, even if they don't support the feature.
This works because bitcoin's scripting language treats any non-zero value on the top of the stack as "true" after running the script, which means the transaction is valid. SegWit transactions leave a signature on the stack of client's which don't support the feature, so they still validate and accept the transaction.
BCH is a hard fork because all existing clients on the network reject their blocks as invalid.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:57:17


Straight outta the whitepaper
@_date: 2018-07-27 15:11:43
It's not possible because all transactions on the LN create new Bitcoin transactions, called commitment transactions, which must be signed by each party before they send it. Also, the commitment transaction outputs contain a "revocation key", which is sent along with each new commitment transaction to revoke the old one. A new revocation key is created for each commitment, and must be stored until a new commitment is made.
@_date: 2018-07-14 22:47:45
They probably generate far more money from hosting Consensus, where ticket prices start at $2500, and go up to hundreds of k$ for sponsors.
If those sponsors want CoinDesk to publish (or not publish) certain news stories, they're probably going to do so.
Not that I agree with OP about this conspiracy theory, but you can't discount the possibility.
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:16:38
You're detracting from the issue. It doesn't matter whether it is Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash, or some other currency the math still applies.
On-chain "scaling" does not scale.
Yes, the billion users will never happen *unless* we find a solution to this. Pumping up the block size is not a solution, it's a short-term hack.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:58:42
I'm guessing they skipped the part of the whitepaper which clearly states that the correct chain is the one with the largest amount of work put into it.
By forking with only 20% of the hashing power, you're only going to put in 1/5th of the amount of work.
It's like Cashies trying to say they're the right chain because they have more blocks, but their blocks require significantly less work.
@_date: 2018-04-27 11:09:08
Need to be careful how we word things though or the fraudsters will attempt to use your own words against you. Bitcoin Cash has a longer chain (number of blocks), but only because their blocks are easier to mine (due to lower difficulty). What's important isn't chain length, but total accumulated work.
One could mine from the genesis block, forging timestamps and mining on the easiest difficulty and would easily surpass the total Bitcoin chain length over time, but this will never be Bitcoin simply because it has "the longest chain".
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:09:15
There's no "mind to be made up". There are facts and there are lies. It is a fact that Bitcoin Cash is a hard fork from the Bitcoin network. It's a fact that Bitcoin is still Bitcoin. It's a lie that Bitcoin is Bitcoin Core. It's a fact that Bitcoin Core is a client that runs on the Bitcoin network.
This isn't telling people what to think. They can decide for themselves whether they want to use Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-07-22 13:25:26
"To Self Delay" is the number of blocks that the transaction must be behind to be completed. 144 blocks is the average number of blocks mined in 24 hours.
There is no delay when both parties agree to close a channel. When it is closed unilaterally, as in your case, the party who closed the channel must wait. The delay gives the other party an opportunity to broadcast a competing transaction, in the case where you might attempt to close the channel with an old state to try to steal his balance.
@_date: 2018-04-27 09:15:06
It's not just to make sure people know what they are talking about.
It's because not doing so would be complete fraud and would open them up to legal trouble, and they know it.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:32:28
Today you give custody of your funds to a bank and they can spend those funds as they see fit. Bitcoin isn't like the debt based economy banks work with today. They can't just spend "imaginary money" with an IOU to pay it back later. In order to make payments, the bank actually needs custody of the funds, which they never have in the multi-wallet scenario.
With a 2 of 3 multisig wallet, you have funds locked up which need two of three keys to release. You keep one key, you give one key to BankA, and the other key to BankB.
Neither BankA nor BankB can spend your funds without you signing, unless the banks collude to both sign and spend your funds. The way to avoid this is to make sure they are separate entities and have no knowledge of each other. For greater security you can increase the number of entities required to sign things off. You only ever want both banks to sign a transaction in the case that you lose possession of your own wallet. Otherwise, you only need one of the banks to sign to release the funds.
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:25:40
Dogecoin doesn't need to fork or parody Bitcoin Cash, because Dogecoin is already Satoshi's Vision as defined by the whitepaper.
By most criteria, Dogecoin is The Real Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-28 19:19:36
It's amazing how cashies highlight the "electronic cash system" and skip the "peer to peer" part.
Peer-to-Miner-to-Peer is not Peer-to-Peer.
@_date: 2018-04-25 07:38:12
Banks won't disappear because normal users are incapable of securing their own electronic devices. They will want someone else to take care of (be liable for) security in case of lost or stolen keys.
The biggest difference is that they will be able to set up multi-sig wallet contracts with numerous "banking" entities - none of which will have sole custody over the funds. There will be say, 2-of-3 transactions where a user and two distinct banking entities hold the keys. A user needs both his own wallet software and one of the banking software wallets to sign to release funds. In the case of a lost wallet, they would need the signatures from both banks. The person who stole or found a wallet would need to coerce one of the banks to gain any funds (who will be in part, liable for releasing any funds without the consent of the owner). The 2-of-3 can be generalized to N-of-M for additional levels of security.
Ultimately, the banks won't be able to gamble away your funds. They will most likely make money by charging a demurrage fee for holding.
@_date: 2018-04-27 08:57:23
If 70% of miners moved started mining invalid blocks, the network would fork into two, and people running full nodes would need to decide which of the two chains they want to take as the real one.
If the majority of merchants decided to remain on the 30% mining one, for example, then the 70% of miners would be wasting their hashing power on a chain that few, or nobody is going to use. They would soon realize it's not in their interest and move back their hashing power to the chain people are using for trade.
But if merchants (full node users) followed the miners, such that the majority of full nodes were on the 70% hashing power (with changed rules), then this new chain would effectively become Bitcoin, because it's the majority chain, following the rules of the majority.
This is why you shouldn't listen to garbage from the BCash crew where they allege that non-mining nodes are useless. It's absolutely not the case. The network majority of validating nodes decides the correct chain via economic incentives and those incentives are not limited to just mining. The opposite is kind of true. Merchants need to treat miners as a potentially adverse agent in the network, and should treat every "invalid" action by miners as an attack on the network, unless the merchant has previously opted-in to a network change proposal.
I think there certainly can be a UAHF (User activated hard fork), where nodes signal their intent to move onto a specific chain at a particular block height, and if the majority of nodes do opt to change the rules, these new rules become part of the Bitcoin network. Bitcoin isn't defined by the rules that were put in place on day 1, and can certainly change if the majority will it.
So it's not true that "miners work for hodlers". If you hodl but do not run a full node, you don't really get to vote. Miners only need to be honest to other people running full nodes.
The only problem with achieving some kind of UAHF is that miners could attempt to coerce it for their benefit via sybil attacks. That's why it's not simply enough to have a voting mechanism built into clients. Other voting/governance mechanisms will be required going forward as the network comes under these kinds of attacks.
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:41:31
"Hey Tom, we need to talk" - Roger
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:31:48
Bitcoin *is defined* by what the majority thinks. The consensus mechanism is designed so that the majority chain is what all the "honest" software nodes running  take as the correct chain.
"Honest" here does not mean "running by the original rules". The rules of Bitcoin have changed in the past, but the majority have decided to go with the rules that exist now. "Honest" just means that they're not dishonest (ie, trying to intentionally game the system in their favor). The parameters can change, as long as the means of achieving the same consensus exists. If Bitcoin somehow does manage to get hijacked by dishonest nodes, then the whole experiment has failed, and we would need to come up with other ways to achieve consensus.
It's likely that if there were such a tight split of 51%/49%, that the difference would not be able to be determined accurately anyway and people would flock towards the chain which had either the highest value (relative to other cryptocurrencies), in which case the markets would decide which is the "real Bitcoin".
What's missing here is that in order to gather up enough heads to want to adapt breaking changes, there would be lots of attention about the issue and people would come up with names ahead of the split. Such names would likely persist after the split if it were tightly contested. If there were a clear winner then the winner would be Bitcoin.
Bitcoin will come under these kinds of attacks, and we can't just rely on mining majority or guesswork on which chain is going to be adopted by a majority. Going forward we will need to utilize other consensus mechanisms in addition to PoW, such as PoS. In particular, we probably want prediction markets which would enable us to figure out ahead of time where the market will decide to move, or whether or not an issue is unlikely to achieve consensus on a 50/50 split.
@_date: 2018-04-26 07:34:49
If this continues we'll start seeing adoption of technology before it's even developed.
Oh wait, that's what ICOs are.
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:17:10
Yes, the knowingly selling Bitcoin Cash, advertised as Bitcoin, to unsuspecting users is fraud. And that's exactly what they are doing.
@_date: 2018-04-28 21:50:38
Don't drop to that level. Leave it up to the lawsuit against bitcoin.com, and when the court declares it fraud, we won't even need to argue about it anymore.
@_date: 2018-04-29 13:25:49
The hardware wallets themselves are usually just microcontrollers running software. If you found a bug in the microcontoller code, you could theoretically coerce the device into leaking private data over USB.
The ideal hardware wallet would not be a generic microcontroller which could have software bugs, but a dedicated crypto coprocessor on a FPGA or ASIC, where the communication capabilities are restricted by the hardware and not reconfigurable software. You would have an isolated USB channel for programming/updating the device from the one you have for regular usage.
Even then, it is possible that bugs (or backdoors) can exist in hardware. Meltdown is a good example of this recently.
@_date: 2018-04-27 09:21:13
Can't tell whether you're talking about Roger or Craig.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:53:30




BCH might have more blocks, but has significantly less work invested in it
@_date: 2018-04-28 20:02:05
Sorry, you're correct. I had miscalculated because I'd assumed halving at 4 years and not 210000 blocks (slightly under 4 years).
I guess the total number of coins minted should be 20999999.99511060.
@_date: 2018-04-29 15:41:35
The debate is controlled on both sides. r/Bitcoin bans pretty much anything BCH related, and in r/btc you get downvoted to hell for saying anything negative about BCH (earning negative karma such that you have to wait for long periods between posts, which is just unreasonable if you want to have a proper discussion).
@_date: 2018-04-24 18:47:57
Imagine a group of people dug a small trench off the river Nile, allowing a small amount of water from the Nile to flow through this alternative channel and reach a different part of the Mediterranean Sea.
Now imagine this same group of people publicly claimed "Our trench is The Real Nile".
@_date: 2018-04-27 11:51:34
If a majority of nodes decided they were going to change some parameters, and as a result, the majority of work shifted onto a chain with newer parameters, this would effectively become the main chain. The chain with the original parameters would become a minority (orphan), or perhaps a 'spin-off' coin. It's not simply "having the original parameters" that dictates the use, as they have changed several times in the past. Having the network majority is the deciding factor.
What makes it difficult (impossible) for a chain which has previously split with different parameters without a network majority, is that they would effectively need to rewrite history in order to become the main chain. (The one with the most PoW). They would need to invest more work than current main chain already has, which could take a significant time even if they had a higher hash-rate.
The only way an attacker could make their chain become 'the main chain' retroactively would be if they could knock the majority of nodes who have the correct history off the network (via DoS perhaps), and install their own version of history for new nodes connecting onto the network. Of course this would be completely unfeasible and there isn't really an economic incentive for attempting it anyway.
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:41:10
I'm talking about when you sell someone a service, and then you give them a different service, they can sue your ass.
It's ultimately up to a court to decide whether or not there was ill-will on behalf of bitcoin.com (by eg, deliberately misleading people to buying Bitcoin Cash).
At the moment I think they're treading on thin ice, but probably not enough to get sued, since they've left the BCH market there they can argue that they weren't misleading anyone.
If they took away that BCH marker, there would be less doubt that it was done intentionally to mislead.
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:18:53
The paper here: 
Clearly states that the wallet on the airgapped machine must be compromised ahead of time, and they use alternative communication channels (ie, acoustic) to send the data from the airgapped machine
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:09:44
There was already a ZCL and BTC fork called bitcoin private.
You should take all of this technology with a pinch of salt. zkSNARKs are vulnerable to unlimited coin minting if the trusted setup is not done correctly, and there is ultimately no way to prove or disprove that it was done correctly in retrospect.
@_date: 2018-04-30 02:06:05
We should be able to have "banks" which don't even need custody of funds, using multisig wallets.
@_date: 2018-04-17 19:50:42
The visualization is based on gravitating nodes towards the middle of the image the more channels they have open. There's nothing built into the network which limits the number of channels one can open, so there might be a few individuals that open many channels and they'll appear in the middle of the image. Whether they have many channels open says nothing about their capacity to route payments though, as they might only allocate a few satoshis per channel.
The question is, if you removed those few "hub" nodes, is it still possible to get a route from A to B with the remaining nodes. The answer to that is: If A or B had only a single channel open and it was with one of these hubs, then they're out of luck. Otherwise, there's a pretty strong (probably &gt; 99%) possibility that there are still alternative routes.
The takeaway from that is, you should always open more than one channel, in case the single channel you open goes down. Secondly, don't only open channels to the largest hub nodes, but to other random, but well-connected nodes which have decent capacity.
There will always be a degree to which "hubs" exist, because people want reliability for routing they're payments. You're not going to get that by connecting randomly to an unconnected node, or connecting to nodes with no capacity. The nodes which stay up and consistently have multiple, well funded channels running will have the reputation of being reliable.
But to argue that it's centralized, when anyone with a Raspberry Pi and a few mBTC can run a node and open several channels to *become a hub* is absurd.
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:04:30
Should be noted that it's the "de-facto reference implementation". Reference implementation implies that all other clients must copy that way of doing things to be compatible, this is not true.
The correct way of doing things is defined by the BIPs. Core is just the primary client where the majority of development occurs.
@_date: 2018-04-29 15:48:25
Instead of a regular tattoo, you should get the tattoo to match the regular color of your skin. Then, the only way to read your seed will be to get a tan.
@_date: 2018-04-25 13:49:01
Fee doesn't depend on the amount sent. What the fuck are you talking about?
@_date: 2018-04-27 16:59:42
I'm not disagreeing with your points about trademark protection. Consumer protection is a different issue. The issue is if you advertise for example, that you're selling DVDs, and you send the customer a VHS, then you're falsely advertising. It's fraud.
If you sell Aspirin, but send the customer Paracetemol, it's fraud.
If you advertise potatoes but give someone carrots instead, it's fraud. 
There's no trademark here. It's about expectations of what you pay for versus what you get.
This may not be a global truth, but at least in many western states, there are laws to protect the consumer in all of those cases.
@_date: 2018-04-24 11:15:43
There's a clean distinction between a network upgrade and a network hard fork. Bitcoin has had numerous upgrades in its time. Bitcoin Cash is a hard fork that occurred in July 2017.
There is only one Bitcoin. You can't just modify the code and claim to be Bitcoin while the long-standing Bitcoin network has just carried on working as usual.
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:46:19


@_date: 2018-04-28 19:15:46
It's not ready to be a global currency yet. There are scaling issues that we need to *solve* with real solutions, not quick hacks. This will take a number of years to iron out and come up with the best approaches.
I wouldn't be too bullish on Bitcoin (or any altcoin) being a global currency in the next 5 years. It's going to take more like 15-20 years to have widespread adoption.
The best things to do now are not overhype the currencies, but to work or contribute to development of comprehensive scaling solutions. Run a full node, run and use a lightning node, and raise awareness of other technical approaches to scaling. (Contribute to them if you have the skill).
The whole space is overhyped because everyone *assumes* that we will break the scaling ceiling before mass adoption takes place. People are hodling because they believe there's a solution. If there is no solution, the whole experiment has failed and we'll have the biggest bear market ever, as people flock towards centralized shitcoins (which don't have scaling issues because they are centralized).
@_date: 2018-04-24 18:59:46
No. It's an essential feature for Bitcoin to have the security it requires. Without this, it is possible for you to create a forked chain derived from the genesis block, and mine on it with false timestamps at the easiest difficulty until you have a chain longer than the current main chain. Then you simply broadcast the blocks from your chain and suddendly, you've rewritten *the entire blockchain history*, but your chain is correct right, because it's the longest one?
Of course, most clients will flat out reject your attempts to rewrite history, but a new client connecting to the network who doesn't know any of its history yet could accept your blocks as valid.
@_date: 2018-04-29 18:51:31


Rejection does one thing. It enables you to know the truth, regardless of what other people are saying. It's not to protect the network, it's to protect you. If you are not running a full node, and you are relying on *other nodes* to validate transactions, then you've left yourself vulnerable to receiving false information.
Detractors argue that running a full-node is pointless because the network is still vulnerable to sybil attacks. However, the people vulnerable to these sybils are the people who are not validating transactions for themselves. Ie, non-full nodes (or full-nodes which have been offline for some time and need to catch up). If a merchant, for example, is running a full node, they can know, independently and irrefutably whether or not they have received a payment on the network which they following the rules.
The argument that sybil attacks can be done is precisely *why* there should be more full nodes. The more nodes, the more difficult a sybil attack becomes. If you only had say, 10 nodes on the network because you only cared about mining nodes, then an attacker could launch a DDoS against 9 of those nodes and publish his (false) version of the consensus. If nobody else is validating, everyone else will see this as truth. Conducting a DDoS against 20k+ and running hundreds/thousands of your own nodes to attempt to hijack the network is incredibly impractical and probably not worth the risk economically.
We shouldn't just stop at consensus by mining but should be actively looking for other ways to manage consensus on the network, like PoS, such that even if sybil attacks were attempted they'd have no effect.
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:13:15
Nice theft of KDE logo.
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:36:35
That's Proof-of-stake. It's being tried elsewhere but we've yet to see it can be a long term solution.
@_date: 2018-04-17 07:39:56
When eventually Bitcoin can be used for both receiving your payments and buying things, what benefit will you gain by converting it to/from fiat?
I'm not suggesting they won't coexist, but the uses of fiat will begin to dwindle away. Compare it to mail vs email. There's little reason to print your mails anymore. Mail companies have mostly transitioned to delivering packages. Traditional mail is only really used for legal bills these days (and even then often only if you don't pay your bills, due to outdated laws which require they send you a paper bill).
Fiat will end up like paper mail. It might still exist, but only for the purpose of complying with old laws.
@_date: 2018-04-29 20:00:23
Yes, correct. But if we're arguing that *only miners need to run full nodes*, it's implied that they may have the necessary resources to create an alternative chain.
@_date: 2018-04-30 01:04:36
[Here's what Philosoraptor thinks](
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:11:28


tl;dr: No!
You have 32MB blocks. A typical transaction is 255 bytes, so you have around 130k transactions per block. 1440 blocks per day, that's 189M transactions per day.
We will have a billion people using Bitcoin in a few years. This will mean each person can make 1 transaction approximately every 5 days.
To enable such levels of transaction, each full node runner will need to allocate 16TB of data per year.
"But we can up the block size".
Lets increase it so that each user can make 2 transactions per day. Ie, a 10x increase.
Now every node runner needs 160TB of storage per year.
That's without even considering the bandwidth and latency issues that will come with 320MB blocks.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:04:03
We'll have 21 million by 2040, but the block reward will continue halving until 2140, when the block reward will only be 1 satoshi, after which, it won't be possible to half any further.
So it will take 100 years to mine the remaining approx 67k bitcoin after the 21 million mark.
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:12:28
In programming the term "reference implementation" usually means that a standard is defined by that implementation, rather than by other means (standardized documents, the BIPs)
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:14:50
It's investing in the downfall of the fiat money system.
I'd say it's a worthwhile investment even if it turns out to not be profitable.
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:22:46
If 51% agree, and are running full nodes/mining, then their diverging chain would by definition have the majority. It would cause a hard fork where a minority (being 49%) would be working off a different chain. "Bitcoin" would be the majority chain. The minority would become something else like "Bitcoin Classic".
Whether Bitcoin or Bitcoin Classic would win-out as the successful chain in the long term would be decided by other economic factors. More than likely the classic would win out because people wouldn't be keen on inflation and devaluing of their savings (I doubt the inflated currency could ever gain the majority to begin with anyway).
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:58:34
The "bank" would have the responsibility to secure the keys from loss or theft, with the liability to pay you back the amount that should've been secured if they were to lose the funds.
Anyone could provide the service if they have the technical skill to store (potentially large numbers) of keys. The motive for doing it would be to earn money by charging a service fee, say, per month. If you don't pay the fee they would no longer be required to store your keys, or sign a transaction on your behalf *until* you pay the fee.
The motive for doing this is purely security. Security is difficult even for experts. It's unreasonable to expect that average users will be able to reliably store their own funds, even with hardware wallets and such, because loss, damage or theft of an electronic device suddenly means your entire savings are pilfered.
People will use hardware wallets like regular wallets. You'd hold a small amount of cash on your person at all times. You might have another hardware wallet in your home with a bit more money on it. It's unlikely you're going to keep your life-savings with a single point of failure though. You're going to want additional levels of security, and you'll be able to achieve that without banks stealing your funds.
In the UK, banks are ultimately only liable for up to 85,000 per account. It would be dumb to ever put more than this amount into a single account because it's not guaranteed against loss or theft. In a multi-party wallet, your entire funds are protected, provided the banking entities do not collude to rob you.
@_date: 2018-04-03 12:29:21
I think this is missing the point on decentralized currency. The idea is to get rid of the middlemen and pay your taxi driver directly in BTC. Decentralized alternatives to Uber and Lyft which don't take a huge cut will eventually appear and Taxi drivers will be less incentivized to use these centralized services.
Uber et al. should be looking at the cryptocurrency space and try to get ahead of the game before they simply get replaced by something that's cheaper for both the rider and the driver.
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:21:03
The question was whether BCash was scalable.
I put in calculations to show how much storage would be needed if there were a billion users using BCash with current block size, to show that it is not scalable.
You start spewing shit about having fewer merchants on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:55:51
I chose 1 billion as a very conservative estimate. More likely it will be several billion.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:39:31
It's completely missing the point of Bitcoin if you're after making Paypal 2.0. Bitcoin is far less efficient than Paypal. If you want Paypal, use Paypal.
The value of Bitcoin lies in its decentralization and censorship resistance. Not in the 40 year old technique of creating Merkle Trees which is now "Blockchain Technology (TM)"
@_date: 2018-04-20 21:19:44
My daughter just informed me that someone told her that the US Tether dollar has, quote, "one 'dollar' of USD in a vault for every Tether dollar there is."
@_date: 2018-04-23 21:46:51
Google's safe browsing is used by most of the major web browsers out there.
I think everyone should do their duty to report fraud to Google so they can block such websites engaged in fraud.
Do your bit and report bitcoin.com to 
@_date: 2018-04-27 09:26:22
I think it's certainly a good idea that it wasn't trademarked. Trademark protection isn't the only way we have have legal liability in society.
Fraudulently claiming to sell Bitcoin and then selling an altcoin is fraud, full stop. People will be sued for this. It might be up to a court to decide "which is the real Bitcoin", but it will be decided on with expert assessment, which would undoubtedly find Bitcoin to be Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash to not be Bitcoin, but a fork of it.