@_author: distantspaces
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:53:29
lol third eye blind. good job.
Some say I don't act my age, others say I act too old for my age.
Your guess is as good as theirs. 
No kissing on the first date, maybe next time you make an inept comment, i'll notice and we can do this again.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:20:39
Not everyone realizes that nepotism is a MAIN source of allowing giant schemes to bring large amounts of public money into the hands of a select few families and their friends (yes they are huge families and huge groups of companies and extended relationships but it is still a select few very rich people. My point was why would they not want to stop something like bitcoin. 
Why is it that everyone here that points out how dumb your comment is never even reads 1% of the point you have made.
The fucking guy serves with Jay Rockefeller. 
Gimme a break.
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:53:16
Mmm... I like this much more logical answer .. Thanks.
That is extremely true and I suppose the more there are that the better. True blockchain is a huge target.
Wonder if there would be a way to create a decentralized online wallet.. Hmmm..
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:10:30
Jay Rockefeller
United States Senator from West Virginia
Assumed office January 15, 1985
**Serving with Joe Manchin**
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:18:22
Indeed. I think bitcoin is a good "walmart" killer…why would I care or want "walmart" to accept bitcoin.. I hate "walmart". They are shit.
Bitcoin allows small businesses to take money directly and not have to deal with all the fees and crap associated with other payment services. 
It is completely possible that with bitcoin, quality small merchants could actually compete with "walmart"'s pricing while still offering quality products, not necessarily made overseas by children or work-prisons.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:13:50
ugg.. you again…
please keep this over-analytical bs to yourself. This type of complaint is so silly.
absolutely no one cares or trusts your bullshit alarm. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:45:38
yikes.. yet again... read what I am trying to say here. 
Mobile wallet that stores private keys directly on my "rooted by the NSA" device vs. mobile wallet app that accesses an online wallet with 2FA enabled.
Which is more secure? Neither of them, they both have issues, major ones.., so why do I care if apple doesn't allow a "real wallet app"?
Do you REALLY think that the blockchain.info app has troubles with transaction time? What experience do you have of this? Your mobile wallet app with your private keys will still need to be on the mobile network or wifi and will still need to be confirmed by the network? With a proper fee, I have never had an issue with transaction time  blockchain.info app vs. bitcoin-qt on my mac... I've had weird transactions take a long time to confirm even in QT...  hasn't happened since july or so though.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:57:20
Yes, go on please. This is true reddit gold right here..
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:13:34
Big laugh there. I am white. Some would consider me old and rich.
You are silly and you didn't read the rest of my post so blah to you, I said what you said and much much more in my post that you did not read.
Edit :Please read up on the use of " " as it can mean many things, as well as being facetious.
Silly. Bring your hate towards this man and not supporters of bitcoin please.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:48:47
Ok... so you agree with me right? I just wanted to let you know that you have agreed with me based on what you have said here.
My argument is "apple is not stunting my bitcoin use by not allowing a bitcoin wallet app that stores private keys right on my phone..." I get along fine with the apps they do allow and web access to the wallets and exchanges that support my mobile browser.
Seems this is your point too.. ok then. One person who can think in this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:40:02
but they will have to know my email password for 2FA and my online account password.. would have to KNOW I HAVE AN ACCOUNT ON A CERTAIN WEBPAGE..
Again...I get your point but you did not read my point... I don't use online wallets for any type of main storage.. 
I am trying to make the point.. just like you are it seems, that this mobile app "real wallet" is no more secure than an online wallet.. 
Having a wallet app that holds private keys is silly.. just as silly as using an online wallet... 
both have merit for quick everyday transactions.. neither are very secure for holding long term. 
Both are used out of necessity.. both do nearly same thing with the similar security concerns (albeit from different perspectives.)
Please read over the points I am trying to make.
 
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:05:01
wtf? Isn't the point of this sub to promote things bitcoin related?
I know this may be old news to you, but I've never hear of wholly hemp and I will now purchase from them due to this post..
Where is the problem? Are you so worried about duplicate threads? 
How about for every single article or news event that takes place there is about 100 threads created in 10 minutes..  most are meaningless and hold strange media based opinions on the exchange rate booming or falling or some strange technical issue that many don't understand…
Also, how do your promote when you are not self-promoting? 
Why do you care so much about this.. ? This reddit is so convoluted already, a tiny, informative post about a company many probably haven't heard about shouldn't cause you such concern. Maybe you need some rest from reddit.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:33:31
So again, please let me know why I care about this if I would never intend to use my phone to store any private keys/wallet.dat?? Why would I use such a device for this?
I wouldn't want to do this because a petty thief could steal my coins.. let along the NSA... so silly.. becoming such an empty argument. 
Again, I wouldn't do this. Its dumb, for reasons like you bring up.
As I stated there are 2 issues being brought up by me.
Some hate apple because they dont have a "real wallet" app..
Some hate apple because the NSA seems to have been able to either totally compromise apples iphone or iOS or they were complicit ..
Again.. I will try to repeat myself.. yet again.
Why would you want a wallet app on a mobile device?
You are being "watched" by the NSA on all mobile devices/mobile networks/local networks/public wifi/etc etc etc...
What tech company has not had a comprised something or other by the NSA? Does your ROUTER, VIDEO CARD, SOUND CARD... WHATEVER also have these rootkits and vulnerabilities put right in there too?
What free/opensource anything could bring even something CLOSE to what iOS and Mac OSX allow me to do with multimedia.... and peripheral hardware support ..
Which argument is it? They are watching you.. .but I want a real wallet with private keys saved to my phone... insanity. So twisted around facts and half-read OPs...so silly @_date: 2014-02-27 17:05:44
There is no way an old-fuck-fart with millions of USD, who backs all, and is backed by all things "rich and white" would ever get bitcoin, nor ever support it. He sounds like a 3 year old which is the level of intelligence of most of the "rich and white" politicians who have been paid, and elected by "rich and white" friends and family members. He has no idea what it is like to live without millions, and the support of the uber rich and powerful, he has that same old small town upbringing story but the devil is alway in the details. His father AND grandfather were mayors of his poor little mining town.  
"His father owned a carpet and furniture store, and his grandfather, Joseph Manchin, owned a grocery store.[4] His father and his grandfather both once served as Mayor of Farmington, West Virginia. His uncle, A. James Manchin, was a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates and was elected as the West Virginia Secretary of State and West Virginia State Treasurer.[5]"
This is called nepotism, it happens much more subtly than just a father hiring a son, it happens through many relationships built over a lifetime of collaboration between politics, industry, banks, family and close family relations/friends.
These people built the ponzi scheme which IS the USD and they will not just allow something useful to others to go free. It must be tamed, trained and put back into the world as a weapon against liberty, like all other currencies. 
This man is a living joke.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:23:25
Funny. 6 questions.. not one answer.. Yes I don't want to see you again. Thanks for understanding.
I think I said it in many more ways that one though... I was looking for a valid reasoning or something or anything from you.
But obviously you are a lost cause. 
But, I am not wasting my time posting because I do like pointing those type of things out for everyone..especially by leaving many questions that would allow you do redeem yourself..but really by allowing you to show how dumb you could actually be.
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:48:24
Is canadian bitcoins actually holding any customer bitcoins? I used them a few times and it was more like here is my address and my money send me my coins.. Therefore none of those would have been actual customer coins and the fiat was never touched. Essentially they would always be able to just send you coins that were not stolen or if they went bankrupt due to this they should still have your fiat that they get from direct bill payment ... so this a non story unless it's a story about stupidity and keeping your coins in the hands of someone with an IQ higher than 40?
@_date: 2014-01-03 03:00:32
Agree with this but I don't think it's such a contrasting argument. 
It may be "more secure" which does not mean "secure" which sort of trumps most things.
Anyways.. I agree with you about this I guess.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:53:07
Yes this point is valid bit does not contrast my argument at all.
I am saying that online wallets vs. app that has private keys have differing degrees, but indeed, degrees of security issues which make them both not so secure.
Of course you are only putting small amounts of coin on your phone app that holds private keys... But you are also only using online wallets for the same exact reason. And you have similar security issues that come up with both ... So I just don't see the reason I need private keys on my phone... There is no advantage in my opinion, so how is apple limiting my bitcoin use? 
It's mainly empty arguments that I have never seen answering this question directly.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:29:24
Your or You're? If we're worried about grammar here, I'd take a look in the mirror…
"…" means i am being quick and not typing all my thoughts as I am just enjoying my day pointing out your stupidity. My pain is not secret. Your ignorance is my pain. 
I came to check out whollyhemp since I've never heard of them.
Now, due to this OP, I know about whollyhemp, their seemingly great products, and that I can spend some of my bitcoin there.
I never come to fight……… actually I'm not fighting, just pointing our your pointless comments so that maybe next time you won't make them.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:09:08
Again, you are overly concerned with this and I still don't see much evidence that the OP is actually whollyhemp hiding their identity.. nor do I really see it a concern that someone may want to promote their company here over and over.. many new readers everyday.. many who will not go back and observe these intricate histories of user's past promotions… nor do I even know the names of the mods nor will I ever care!? Just so silly.. these posts make me sick. I care about some general bitcoin info so I can please my need for that info now and then. Let up votes and down votes determine important from non important please. Go give your down vote and please keep this nonsense to yourself.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:11:44
I find that most natural deodorants just don't do the same job as my chemical aluminum based one does… I end up carrying around all day to reapply. Thing is, there is no real problem with doing that, and it'll probably save you some years on your life. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:23:28
Joke Joke Joke Joke this man is a living Joke
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:09:43
Silly little girl - why would you use an exchange? .. Don't be lazy little girl - use localbitcoins.com you silly little girl. Use multi sig wallet little girl. So silly sometimes u little girls are.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:46:34
Ok .. Your point on seeing the unconfirmed transaction is prob valid but I just have never had any issue with it from my experience.. So how I feel this is a very isolated thing.. But maybe I'm wrong.
Were talking percentages here because as I stated I don't think that storing online is a great option.. Which is worse ? I'd say its very debatable.
 I just don't think keeping private keys on the device is any more safe?! So how is apple limiting my bitcoin use by not allowing to store keys on my phone directly?   And why would I WANT to do that since my phone is so easily rooted and hacked by the NSA, govt or criminals..
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:38:06
Its not misguided. I've proved my point.. you aren't reading. I said it was subtle.
Lets end this I grow tired of your ignorance.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:27:26
The truth is that racism exists and that is true.  Should people be racist? No, as it is anti-productive.
Was my statement racist? No, it was very true. .
Edit: clarity
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:54:35
If you cannot imagine how these problems can be solved without an exchange you are being silly. Unimaginable that people could just do this on their own. NOO places like gox and stamp and btce and whoever are THE WEAKEST  point of exchange they determine the price because people have not learned better yet so these large companies of nobodies can still make shitloads of money for making transactions off the blockchain then run with your money.
Your level of ignorance is shocking. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:49:02
Thanks for the info you absolutely wonderful brilliant expressive person.
No he's more than a joke- he's a pathetic joke. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:54:47
Yes, that should be part of the official bitcoin FAQ or something.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:06:40
No no… you are giving ME pure reddit gold.. This form of entertainment is  true payment for all my hard work at showing you the pointless nature of your existence. Thank you for that. I also accept btc tips, but I definitely accept any number of decimal places.. Thanks for that too..
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:42:27
Ok.. So basically apple is not really limiting my bitcoin use by not allowing me to store actual private keys ?
Basically you are agreeing with me saying that since my iPhone is so easily hacked and monitored by the NSA or other agencies or criminals it is not safe to have coins on my phone nor on an online website.. By your argument. 
Thanks for agreeing with me.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:15:42
In Canada… added no problem 12pm est.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:59:40
Ok.. so again, again again again..... How is this better than an online wallet? 
Its not like you would necessarily be able to get back to your private keys on your backup at home or wherever before the thief has a chance to move your coins to a new home... What if you don't know your device has been missing for a while.?. like it was stolen on your commute and you only noticed when you got home and by then the their has already moved the coins to many different places...
Im just trying to say.. keeping private keys on your mobile device is just as secure as keeping them online at someplace like blockchain.info
Why do I care then that apple does not allow a mobile wallet app that stores private keys? If its just for everyday transactions... an online wallet is just as secure... not more.. not less... just as secure.. both have their security issues. 
Further.. if apple has been compromised by/is complicit with the NSA, along with most other major tech companies.. why would I care to use my mobile device to store private keys? 
There is just no argument against these points which is why it is obvious this topic is sensationalized by the amazing "freedom fighters" of reddit...
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:34:17
Ok you're so right. I'm done explaining things to very simplistic uncreative  thinkers.
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:38:56
I think you are very racist and you are hiding behind being the reddit expert on what is racist.
This is true and obvious.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:24:32
Meh. Change your practises. Don't be so concerned about the exchange rates if more people used services like local bitcoins those "exchanges" could determine the price in the exact same way . Removing any one or multiple private exchanges from being any point of importance whatsoever. 
It is YOU that needs to change. Not bitcoin. 
Sorry truth is difficult for those who are not willing to read and think for themselves .
Stop trusting these nobodies that run exchanges as of they are important - take security seriously and figure out new ways of doing things. Or do what a lot of people do - trade person to person using avg cost that includes pricing from local bitcoins.
Stop being silly now.
Edit: I can barely believe that I just responded to someone that said that exchanges are what GIVE value to bitcoin. Ok enough reddit for today.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:41:10
I don't understand your gibberish.. are you making some sort of pop-reference? If so, I am glad it went over my head.. don't want some whiney, cheesy, adolescent singing nonsense… … ... ringing in my ears.
There was nothing to be correct about, I was stating that whatever your statement was about .. it was  pointless.. Not right or wrong. 
Pointless… 
This is very fun...I can do this all day.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:35:30
This is a joke/scam/mistake or a bug, probably unrelated to the bitcoin client. 
Blockchain is about 14 gb now, very manageable for any last 5-8 year old desktop computer, and pretty much the same of any 5 year old laptop/notebook… you run your computer without at least 14gb free? Why not get a cheap backup drive and put anything nonessential there. .. 1TB SSD are approaching the $500 mark, less for 500gb-250gb, how about an upgrade to modern tech before you complain about a modern currency and its "failings"
Also, it should be very stressed here that one should get the bulk of the blockchain from an "official" torrent (there are a few available and mentioned here and on bitcointalk.org..) then drop it in your bitcoin data folder, let the client index off the drive, then verify the last few weeks of blocks on your computer from the network... Very much speeds up the process of getting qt installed on your system.
Multibit works great and allows for encrypted wallets which is great as well. I like it, but I also enjoy having the entire block chain and qt running just so I feel like I am a part of the network, though it doesnt do anything for me.
@_date: 2013-11-04 21:31:04
There is a heavy need for the people to have control over their own funds. No international institution should ever have this much power. 
I would hope Germany would somehow stop this from happening, either with some sort actual failsafe which wouldn't allow this to happen, or by brutally hacking the IMFs ability to do something like this electronically. 
Would this be possible or once they make a decision like that would it just be simple for them to confiscate with or without German gov't agreeing to it?
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:48:37
So silly. Do you really think, on that level there is any bit of a difference between apple and any other tech company?
Why would you want to store private keys on a mobile phone?? It's just as secure to use an online wallet at that point... And no one can walk up to you in the street and beat you up and take your login info for blockchain.. This argument gets weaker and weaker.
If it's small amounts of coin being passed around, it's just as easy and safe to use an online wallet for the exact same purpose .
I cannot think of one reason I would ever want an actual wallet on my phone. 
Also, as it has already been said by others on reddit, apple is doing this anti bitcoin app campaign most likely because they'll be introducing a "virtual currency" of their own soon. I know me and you couldn't care less about that but we are not the customers apple are worried about using that kind of service.
If they are actually as scary as you have put it.. They wouldn't allow me access in my browser to use any wallet or exchange I want, and they wouldn't allow me to have a blockchain.info app installed.
I use an iPhone because iOS is a much more advanced system than any other mobile platform. The multimedia and audio capabilities haven't been closely challenged by android at all. There are specialized reasons someone would use an iPhone. Also, again, I will never store private keys on my mobile phone, I don't understand why anyone would need that ability especially when online services are just as secure .. (Don't try to argue against this, you phone can be taken from your pocket..you can leave it in the lunch room .. Your kid can pour OJ on it... Must i go on?? )
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:33:52
it was reported by thegenesisblock.com you can look into there.
Many other places reported it as well.
There is a huge market cap of billions. Much of it is due to investing/trading .. yes millions were used on silk road but only a small percentage of all bitcoins passed through… millions is still only a small percentage of billions.. Also during the time the silk road was in existence the amount bitcoins were worth was much less so even though the government seized many many bitcoins, they were not  worth the actual dollar value they are now. It would be difficult to determine to ACTUAL dollar value that was put in and out due to silk road. 
Did it help with the public interest..? yes and no. It got a lot of stoners and dealers buying/selling...It also held back a lot of people from getting into bitcoin. 
Look at the crash that occurred soon after they closed SR:
First a small selloff then a huge buy in and bubble.. 
then governments around the world coming up with positive words about bitcoin… 
china booming.. 
so it really could be argued that although it did account for a lot of transactions, maybe there would have been WAY more interest/transactions/investments/legit merchants if there was never such an illegal aspect to bitcoin attached for so long. 
Funnier still.. all this booming interest post silkroad does not seem to be slowed by the fact that there are many other black markets and even another silk road now apparently… it seems the legit use of bitcoin has very much trumped any illegal use by many many times.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:38:23
i am sorry, I only see a deposit there, I am not fully clear on their terms of service, but did you trade on that date? If not that would make your last trade potentially more than a year ago from Oct 30, 2013… making them fully in line with their terms of service.
Sucks but still need more proof to go on a Witch hunt.
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:53:24
That's not what he meant at all .. He's complaining about no REAL wallet app.. So pointless .. Such a waste of breath this argument and thread is becoming.
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:56:19
They have an average volume of trading that they are dealing with for long periods of time. The only time they had issues keeping up is when people were herding towards bitcoin, wanting to buy buy buy just cause they saw the ex. rate rising… Basically when there is an irrational, unpredictable boom, they have trouble keeping up because they don't have enough trained staff to deal with 1000s of times their regular verification and deposit volume. They make no guarantees on verification time nor deposits for this reason. YES IS SUCKS BUT IT MORE THAN UNDERSTANDABLE IF YOU DO NOT HAVE UNREALISTIC EXPECTATIONS, AND UNDERSTAND WHAT IS HAPPENING.
@_date: 2013-11-27 00:51:33
Kids... Fuck your parents.. Heyyy no no.. I Don't mean fuck your parents, I mean... FUCK EM ... 
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:05:13
you've got a clear argument here then. 
You should repost this with the title 
"CAVIRTEX broke their own policy and pretty much stole all of my bitcoins! They are not responding!"
Give the situation as it is exactly. Show proof of the trade you made 7 months ago with personal information taken out for safety.
Show the transaction that they made removing your bitcoin. 
When did they remove  your bitcoin? What was it worth when they did take it? Did they send a confirmation e-mail that this had happened? 
Dates are important, and so is proof. Thats all that is necessary. People here will hound cavirtex if this is totally provably true - it will tarnish their image. They care about this, small hiccups here and there that they don't respond to are usually very grey area things, but this is straight up breaking terms of services and stealing bitcoin. Not acceptable
If you are completely truthful you will get your coin sent back to you I am sure of it.
Now, I'd like to know, after the 1 year do they take ALL your funds or just a fee to keep your funds there? Do they convert all the coin in your account to CAD no matter how much they are worth? Or is it a set number that they take? If they just empty your account that is a terrible policy and i don't see how they could every justify NEEDING that policy other than needing to beef up their pockets.. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:47:48
your friend's log also shows that he only did a deposit, not a trade.
What is their terms? must be a trade to be active? or just a deposit will suffice?
@_date: 2013-04-20 21:19:08
@_date: 2013-04-25 17:36:35
I want to be able to use all of the exchanges, and I have never bought from btc-e and I'd like to be able to buy at their sometimes lower rate when I can. Today I could have bought at 141 when it was 165 on mtgox.. 
With all the fees and wait times its not lucrative to day trade between the 2 exchanges but to have some funds there for when I want to buy or to be able to easily get them there would be good imo.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:49:52
They've actually called me, but they were just advertising the debit card, none the less, I asked some questions which they were open to but all answered with oh yes we are looking into those things.. But it was pleasant and more likely a sales call with a not so knowledgable staff (just a guess) 
Opening a support ticket has always gotten me good results and responses from people with actual names (it seems)
Ps: I asked things like when will they be updating their buy//sell page to work out fees etc... Update website .. I've actually always had wonderful experiences with them so I didnt have many questions .
@_date: 2013-08-27 03:03:11
Canadian bitcoins works great but it is a little bit more expensive than cavirtex and the sell price is always so cheap.
Requires a validated account which takes a few days.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:46:34
I don't agree with his violent remarks, again if he actually has had his coins stolen, his reaction was somewhat "called for", and his retracting it is a sign of cooler head prevailing thankfully… he just typed those words he didn't do anything terrible yet.
Again I still see no real proof of them breaking their terms … so really until he shows this proof of an ACTUAL TRADE BETWEEN CURRENCIES, i will have to just say he didn't read the terms of services and paid dearly for a dumb move.
Although many were burned by this move, they did warn people, and was not totally against their terms of service. 
I had coin and CAD in  my account going over the OCT 30 limit and had no issue of lost coins. I had made a trade about 3 months prior.. no stealing happening.. and I had many more coins than what this guy is saying.
@_date: 2013-04-24 14:45:57
I see.. And even if there is lag or delay I can get the price that I traded at no matter how long it takes for the processing ?
@_date: 2013-04-25 18:10:02
Still should be able to get some $ there at some point .. Bitinstant listed on thier site as an option but when on bitinstant not an option
@_date: 2013-12-31 15:52:35
Ok? I don't see your point. 
So the billion people that do use an iPhone for the same arbitrary reasons that the masses flock to an android device (big screen, big megapixels), are not a mass of people large enough to be considered "the masses".. . Oh ya but using an android device so that your not using that idevice like all the rest of the Isheep... So which is it? It's too popular or it's not as popular as android? 
My point was not to say that the iPhone is the most popular and widely used smartphone. My point was that bitcoin is supposed to fit in with the rest of regular devices that lots of people use everyday, all kinds of devices. So bitcoin should still try hard to accept and work with apple and its devices no matter how invasive their NSA friendly rooted devices are.
Also, I don't really think apple is limiting bitcoin, I don't believe one should carry private keys on their device. I don't think its smart. Maybe apple realizes that if they allow private keys to be stored on the device by a real wallet app.. They will get crazy tech support calls where people have lost their iPhone and hope their $10,000 are on the icloud.. Or claims they can and have stolen money from users. 
Which maybe they could at that point and they don't even want that ability, they're staying out of it, and allowing you to use informational apps and web based wallets, and non buggy software (ie coinbase app is buggy, look into it, could be why it was thrown off the appstore) If Apple was so sadistic, why not just instead of blocking wallet apps, allow a wallet app then using a back door steal all the private keys and dump them in some 3rd world country exchange.. It could really hurt bitcoin even if they don't get they dont get the money they traded for ... The "NSA" can do it.
I still don't see your point to stay on topic. So what if MORE people use android, there is still A LOT of iPhone users. I mean.. US television shows get MAYBE 10million watchers on the most popular shows, yet "the masses" watch the popular tv shows.  Get the rhetoric straight.. What defines "the masses" and at that point tell me why that matters to my argument that A LOT of people use iPhones?
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:38:22
Old question been answered many times .. Had an effect .. Not a very big one.
@_date: 2013-10-17 21:24:08
great novelty gift idea for a bunch of blades come December
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:48:33
I am about to call BS on this post. People will say anything to tear at your heart strings..
I'd like to see that this guy actually made the trade 7 months go.
Here are the clear, easy to follow steps on how to fix this problem. No small claims court needed, clear concise information from your end is all that is needed.
Take screenshot of your account. Highlight was is necessary, blur out what is personal and you do not want to share. 
Show the trade you made 7 months ago, and then show the change they made between now and 7 months ago. If you do that, people will actually do something about contacting CAVirtex on your behalf, many people.
I don't see any proof, and not that you are fishing for tips at all, and it still is possible you lost your coin, but what is really theft. It is very easy to show that they broke their terms of services. Show this, get your coin back, easy.
No worries about your kids xmas presents. No need for redditors to tip you.
Please carry on with this, so we can move on from your mumblesinthecorner
@_date: 2013-04-25 17:20:02
The option is there on the site still but maybe I'm behind on news. Currently my only method will be cash into mtgox with bitcoin.. Trade for usd.. Send to okpay .. Then to btc-e .. major fees.. Not fast ... And also I'm waiting forever for verification on mtgox for my okpay account.. It's like waiting for initial bank verification all over again..
There must be a simple way to get funds to btc-e from Canada without having to read Russian 
@_date: 2013-12-07 15:00:40
By far the most interesting video ever posted here.
It actually helps you understand the charts in a much more clear way. There should be a setting on these charts sites to see the graphs move in this way, it's very neat.
I'd tip you if I didn't sell 10k at 1109. Keeping the rest.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:14:48
Sorry, gotta get some sleep.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:54:06
That's why I kept what I did. Not saying more but ya.
@_date: 2013-06-19 16:29:49
canadianbitcoins.com still accepts at BMO and CIBC.. easy to use... only requires an e-mail address..
used it today had bitcoins in an hour.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:39:59
again, did he do a TRADE within 12 months prior to Oct 30, 2013? If not I do not know if they are breaking their terms.
I only see a deposit.
I do not work for CAvirtex, nor do I care about them at all.. I'd just like to clarify the issues before I join a witch hunt
@_date: 2013-11-24 02:16:03
Ridiculous. I hate that people even give these posts the time of day. Silly questions from an uninformed little girl who refused to read an FAQ or a wiki.. And jumps to every conclusion she was told to.. Very regular old thoughtless reddit remark that makes reddit the blackhole of info it already is.
I downvoted .. Wish I could have downvoted 200 times ...
@_date: 2013-10-11 14:05:41
well lets get this guys some goddamn attention then.
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:04:08
Activity or actual trade or withdrawal of entire coin amt...?  I think their policy relates directly to trade activity or if you have withdrawn your funds obviously they cannot take them .. It seems that logging into your account is not enough to define "activity"
If what they did was not in line with their policy not only do you have a issue that you can bring up validly but this entire reddit will support you get the info very clear in your post and you will have thousands of people sending in support of your issue
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:11:50
Still reporting a 20% increase?
I understand it is a prediction, but based on what really? Pure speculation on the growth of network speed until enough blocks are mined for a new increase to occur? Seems totally unpredictable at that point.
@_date: 2013-12-30 16:51:14
Because it does not even come close to supporting the multitudes of software I use everyday in my work. I am not a programmer by trade.. Bitcoin is not just for programmers. It's for the masses. The masses use iPhones.
I was actually a redhat user for documents and office work many moons ago (early 90s) and I have always supported open source software best I can. But there is not an equivalent in a mobile device.. Trust me android doesn't cut it, I've tried. 
Also, most people who buy android devices aren't worried about sending bitcoin, they are usually just more concerned with the megapixels of the camera and the size of the screen. So adoption on a mass scale is for similar reasons.
Next... Give me a mobile operating system that allows for high-endish video editing, good  real photo editing, good audio recording software with support for hundreds of USB audio devices and midi devices..  That is also open source or free?? I dunno man. I need those things today. I cannot hope my support today will fuel actual progress some day down the line. I get you, freedom. Freedom to move where you want. Be with who you want to be with. Say what you want to say and think whatever comes to your mind... No one should stand in the way of those things especially a central governing system..because no one should be worried about what you do on your own time unless it infringes on the freedom of others.
Simply put, deluezian rhizome...lines of flight... I'm with your spirit here. 
I just don't feel apple has crippled my use of bitcoin, nor have they crippled my creativity, they have actually facilitated it quite nicely, right inside of my budget ... Which I have the budget I do I feel partly because of the tech I was able to work on...
K enough
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:19:00
I seem to have problems creating an account with libertybit .. It just stays at the create username page no matter how many times I hit submit... I felt this was a sign of a slightly shitty system and didn't want to trust my coin there.. I've tried multiple times on a few different devices/computers.. I am Canadian and the lower fees seem more worth it.. 
Anyways ill probably try with mtgox just to try.. But not right now as we are on full tilt upward here.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:13:31
It seems pointless and stupid but it is a policy that they warned you about .. If it was so important to your happiness you should have been more careful and used the advise of about 10 thousand posts a week here about securing your bitcoins ..
Further to contact media as you have mentioned you will do is just a way of feeding a hypemachine, it's effects are random and unpredictable  .. And hype has no positive or negative effects - it only puts more cash in media corp pockets. It may even just steer more people towards cavirtex "cause it's the one they heard about"..
Seriously I've used cavirtex and although they are a tad slow and have trouble keeping up verifying new users when there are booms- they do what u have asked every time.. Spent thousands with no problem .. Even got my dad to buy in a couple coins and cavirtex.com interface (though dated a bulky to my eyes) made him feel it "looked like a bank" and seems to "work like a regular currency exchange" ...
I suppose it wouldn't hurt to campaign against them doing the whole inactivity charge- but to complain now about something you were warned about .. I dunno.
Life is hard man.. People have died this year that I really didn't want .. I have a close friend who put himself infront of a train in august .. Why are all the people around me dying of diseases that I see famous people livin through everyday? Why does my boss need to be such a harass when he knows that people work better when they are in a positive frame of mind? 
At least you have your kids and they are alive.
Fuck Christmas. Teach your children to care for others and not what they have .. Show them a new way if looking at it without making them feel like they are missing out.. Fulfill the desires they do not know they have and that TV did not tell them to have .. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 16:30:40
Fund that is... Dumb me 
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:04:50
but there is still the issue of the 7 months from his last trade. 
If this is true then CAvirtex will have to explain themselves and refund him out of their pocket. Like today.
Lets see some proof please, no offence at all intended, proof is necessary to move forward with your complaint.
EDIT: call for proof directed at OP obviously.
@_date: 2013-12-09 19:44:43
I scored, and kept much more to score again! Not a thing wrong here.
@_date: 2013-04-25 17:46:54
yes, but there is a way... okpay ...which would be "ok" for my purposes.. im just sitting waiting on verification is all and I'm missing a few opportunities to buy at a good price over there. 
Bitinstant seemed quicker.. is listed as an option on the btc-e.com funding options within your account.. but from bitinstant it doesnt seem to be an option.. not sure of the issue, but again I could be out to lunch on some news..
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:02:25
if they actually stole his coins then I will metaphorically join a herd and call CAvirtex on his behalf, especially if they are not answering his support tickets. I have had great success with getting my coins from CAcvirtex also great support that usually came same day or within 24hrs.
Problems that were actual problems that were rectified. Like a deposit not showing up, or a trade that should have gone through that didn't, and I got things in my favour each time, as they should have been … none the less, if he gives actual proof, I will call them and complain and I am sure others will too.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:34:31
thanks! Things are a clear now..
@_date: 2013-11-01 15:39:53
I've used btcquick MANY times since they were just starting up. They had many many slow down issues and problems getting you your private key in a timely manner at first but it seems all hiccups I've dealt with have been solved a long time ago. I've probably purchased over $5000 worth of coin this way whenever I needed a quick couple of coins to purchase mining equipment or to take advantage of an arbitrage opportunity (or if I found an individual wanting to buy coin right away I've charged 5% above btcquick pricing for someone who could only buy from mtgox and gox price was way higher still)
Their fee is too high for investment/ day trading opportunity usually unless their is a drastic price spike.
I am not a spokes person for them at all. As a matter of fact I nearly had a breakdown when I tried to buy from them the first time and it took nearly 2 weeks to get my coin, but all has always ended perfect with them so I just can't see how your issue is not being rectified or even responded to. Jared has always been a great help and has always responded right away. 
Good luck but maybe btcquick should respond here, I've seen them on this reddit before!