@_author: distroyaar
@_date: 2016-05-06 09:28:11
This keeps getting parroted around and it still doesn't make any sense: proving he is Satoshi doesn't entitle him to jack: 
(1) proving he is Satoshi doesn't prove he has the money
(2) even if it proves he has the money (which is weird) it doesn't prove he is entitled to the tax benefit, he has to prove he SPENT it, which obviously is never going to happen without proof
(3) If he's trying to prove something in a trust is rightfully his, the trustee should know who the beneficiary is from the start, either its him or it isn't, this show won't prove anything.
Advance fund scam could be possible, but that means he had to dupe the guys of ALOT of money. I mean hiring a PR company, a ghost writer, flying people everywhere and paying for their accommodation,  what's the end game? Why didn't he just take whatever cash he had and run? Did he really think this was a good way to make even more money?
I believe CW is NOT SN, and he probably is a fraud of some kind, but the theories I've read so far are unconvincing, I'd rather wait for some solid facts to come out rather than believe all this conjecture
@_date: 2016-05-06 10:10:29
His sister is an author, producer and screenwriter? Maybe this whole ploy is an elaborate reality Borat style movie in the makings! I kid, but funnily enough it makes more sense than any of this has so far.
@_date: 2016-05-06 16:14:32
Eh he is probably not SN, and probably is a fraud, but there is literally zero evidence that anyone has given CW money, just reddit ramblings and guessing. 
@_date: 2016-05-07 11:41:14
Looking at this from an outsider perspective (gathering sentiments from both sides) this is basically what I see: 
1. Gavin was removed under the pretence that he might have been hacked.
2. This was not true, but anyway there were valid reasons why he was removed, hence no restoration. 
3. The manner in which he was removed was ugly and possibly even disrespectful because: he was basically booted out by the people he brought in to the project without so much as a say in the matter nor community consensus.
4. I personally don't think the reasons for his removal were wrong, and I don't see many people being able to defend this.
5. However the manner in which he was kicked out has angered a lot of people, and the total lack of tact on this matter seems to have just created an even larger divide in the community. 
6. I think if they had restored his status, but later on removed it in a 'nicer' way, e.g. by giving proper reasons from the start and thanking him for his contributions and keeping it respectful, there wouldn't be such a big fuss. 
Tldr: its not why they removed his access that angered people, it's the manner in which they did. 
Ps: just trying to add my view on this debate, I've always had an interest in bitcoin but purely as an observer. Just trying to distill the various opinions I have seen into a rational coherent summary.
@_date: 2016-05-06 09:45:41
I still don't get this, how does proving he is Satoshi entitle him to anything? I mean if Kleiman left the coin in trust, the trust has to state from outset who its beneficiaries are, why in the world would it be left to a fictional name? It would be daft not to establish it in the real name of whoever it was supposed to be entitled to. And hence if there's no identifiable bemeficiary, it will fail as a trust and the property will revert back to the transferor or the trustee. 
And no, jury trials in Australia are only for criminal matters, not civil ones.