@_author: divasativa
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:41:33
I really hope they start offering BTC as a payout method to models because they are by far one of my favorite camming sites to hang out on. &lt;3
This is great news!
@_date: 2012-04-03 00:00:52
"We women don't just want to trade bitcoin for cash, or buy lingerie and lipstick. We want to be empowered, entrepreneurial contributors to a beautiful economic explosion of awesomeness. "
I agree. Now I shall ramble...
I have mentioned before on other places of the web, I am not here to spend bitcoins on dildos and panties. Yes I take my clothes off on the internet to pay my bills (have been doing this in an agorist fashion for a long time) and will most likely cash in some to do that and also use some to buy silver. I have been getting into some pretty in depth discussion with my customer about bitcoins and have had mixed feelings from them. Some of them were very excited to hear me talking about them and some people were very skeptical so I think this "naked lady" niche may be a good way to spread some knowledge and gather more support from people who either do not know or people who are on the fence =) Guys are blown away when they meet a camgirl who is smart haha
I am very excited about this and think that it may be up to the ladies to steer it in the right direction. 
As far as stripcoin, I don't hate it. I think it is a good place to build from. Giving girls a running start into this, some girls may just wanna post there for some quick "money" but other girls (like me maybe? who had considered accepting bitcoins but were pushed in the right direction when they saw the girlsgotbitcoin thread) will continue to reach out and expand this awesome thing we have going!
@_date: 2012-04-03 01:28:52
I think what will eventually happen as I have seen before... Girls will stick around  for a while and if they are just around for the bitcoins and not interested in building the bitcoin community and educating others about this kickass form of currency, they will create a brand for themselves and move on to do things independently. 