@_author: divinesleeper
@_date: 2018-09-30 19:47:20
Okay have fun with your depression.
@_date: 2018-09-29 22:48:11
You're closer but even power is just a means for people to get what they really want.
What they really want is security, safety, love, recognition and time/means for self-development and exploration and creativity.
And guess what you need for those things? Resources to sustain them. And because resources are limited and the world is an unpredictable place, people will fight and be greedy. It's not even an evil thing. It's natural. Hell, it's justified.
Only those who have had lives with those things handed to them don't understand that. Anyone who's lived on the street knows it. It's only the privileged who are ignorant enough to believe in utopias.
@_date: 2018-09-30 13:27:23
I know that's what George Orwell thought, yeah. I think he's wrong. We could have ten times our current resources and it still wouldn't matter.
As long as the world is unpredictable and people are mortal, they will always want more. As they should.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:22:37
You're wrong. Resources are never enough. What if your child suddenly gets a strange disease? You need resources to assure the best possible doctor. And even that might not be enough.
What if a war breaks out? You need the best possible shelter.
Imagine you live on an island with a few people. There's enough food for everyone. You think people will share that? Wrong. They will aim to control the supply or become valuable to the others, in case a food shortage breaks out. Tree disease or onset of winter of whatever unpredictable thing the world throws at them.
And they would be right to do so. The ones who don't do this will risk starving. 
You've never felt the cruel indifference of the world, that's why you don't get that. You think technology is enough because you've been living with a lot of resources, and you take them for granted. But even you... even you are not safe with the resources you have at the moment. It's never enough.