@_author: dixiecretinseaman
@_date: 2018-09-20 20:08:11
Trump was friends with Epstein way before Clinton. In a 2002 issue of NY Magazine, before any of the sex stuff came out, Donald Trump is quoted: 


@_date: 2015-12-15 23:00:09
Well let's see: Your internet service provider uses a lot of computer hardware, connected to a fat fiber optic pipe, to route your communications to other endpoints on the internet. It is a major goal of warfare to disrupt enemy communication abilities, so those fiber optic cables and routers are all likely targets. That equipment also need lots of power. Disrupting the enemy's power plants is another smart goal in warfare, so don't expect any surviving network equipment to work reliably, even if you have your own backup generators for personal use. If you're talking nuclear weapons, electronics are also in danger of being fried by EMP (electromagnetic pulse). In any case, it's safe to assume internet access would be significantly degraded during a period of global warfare.
During protracted war within a nation's own borders, day-to-day life grinds to a halt as vital infrastructure is destroyed by bombs, including not only electricity, but water, roads, farms, and buildings. Many businesses are closed due to issues of safety, lack of employees willing and able to work, and plain old lack of the basic resources needed to operate (see electricity, water, roads, food, above). Imagine current-day Syria, or, if you prefer, the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, but in a dozen cities at once, and insufficient national resources to provide aid to the victims. Over time, lack of sanitation and food can lead to outbreaks of disease, in addition to the medical needs of those directly wounded in war. Basic necessities like food, shelter, and medical provisions become luxuries, and a currency is only valuable if it can be readily exchanged for access to these basic needs. 
Given these observations, I have my own ideas about the merits of bitcoin vs. USD vs. gold vs. bartering, but I am certainly open to other analyses and I am curious to hear the thoughts of others!
@_date: 2016-01-02 22:01:26
Uh, that's not how hashing power works. The number of tx/sec doesn't increase with hashing power. As mining rewards decrease there will either be significantly higher tx costs or a significant fraction of the smaller miners will be priced out of the market. 
In other words bitcoin can only grow long-term by massive consolidation, in the hands of a few large global mining collectives and/or a few large payment processors. Which of these would be a better replacement for big banks/federal reserve? 
Or, you know, stop pushing bitcoin to replace all the world's currencies, something it wasn't really invented to do. I feel like the only reason people are pushing for that is to get to the moon and cash out anyway?