@_author: dj50tonhamster
@_date: 2016-08-05 23:21:34


Did Craig admit that he's behind that anonymous hit piece on Greg that showed up around March? The one that [First Response probably wrote]( Sure sounds like it to me. Can't think of any other bit of "evidence" out there that required money in order to be produced.
@_date: 2016-08-31 21:02:05


That's quite the significant donation if somebody's asking for $20K to pull off a conference. I sure would like to know who's funding them, especially since there are only a few dozen people who seem to actually use it. Same for the MIT crew, who promised awhile back that they'd reveal their funding sources. (Need to track down a link for that one....)
**EDIT**: Found [this]( for the MIT DCI, which is a step in the right direction but still doesn't reveal their funders. Standard for groups at MIT's Media Lab, for better or worse. I normally wouldn't care, but hey, if we're supposed to believe fat, old white guys are chomping cigars and having good bellylaughs about how their Blockstream puppets are doing the dirty work of destroying Bitcoin, I'm love to know who funds what elsewhere. Saying BU is funded via donations may be true but we don't know that. Besides, one could argue that a "donation" is just about anything.
@_date: 2016-08-01 16:52:08
Just keep in mind that you'll probably have to nuke your DB due to 0.94 having a new DB format. (The good news is that the DB will go from ~70 GB to ~300 MB. :) ) I don't know offhand if Armory points that out. So basically, if you have problems at first, delete your Armory DB and try again. Not ideal but 0.94.1 is more stable than 0.93.3, and 0.95 should be better. (It's in the testing phase right now.)
@_date: 2016-04-03 18:53:39
Good question. Speaking solely for myself, I fully expect significant pushback in some quarters. Some from people with legit concerns (even if I don't agree that there will be significant problems in the long run), some from people angry that the blocksize hasn't increased yet, and some from conspiracy-oriented moonbats who'll oppose it simply because it's the brainchild of people associated with Blockstream. Will the pushback prevent SegWit from activating? We'll see. I think it'll activate eventually, although the path to activation may be a lot more twisted than many would prefer.
@_date: 2016-04-01 23:36:58
Yeesh. Saw this yesterday and figured it was garbage. Took a closer look today. It's cute how it conflates Miss Jeong's article (i.e., what she wrote) with basic information asserted by Greg. This is a case study in sleight-of-hand, selective quoting, conveniently forgetting to link to Greg's original words, etc. A high schooler could write something better than this crap.
Alas, it appears that some major players in the Bitcoin realm are buying into the ramblings of the conspiracy kooks, so it is necessary for people to speak up and say something. Somebody must *really* want Greg to quit. It's quite sad to watch.
@_date: 2016-08-31 22:13:25
Yep. I've always treated such people as being raving lunatics, honestly. I mean, sure, I think Bitcoin's great. I also see loads of people who have enough trouble handling fiat currency, much less their phones and other bits of everyday technology. Am I really supposed to believe that pensioners in Greece are going to be rioting in the streets, demanding that the country switch from hard currency to a technological solution they probably can't even begin to fathom? Anyone crazy enough to believe that is officially missing a few screws.
@_date: 2016-04-04 20:37:23
Believe me, I wish you were right. Alas, there are reasonable people and CEOs (and even reasonable CEOs!) who read what's posted there and buy into it. I've encountered a couple of people at Bitcoin meetups who were definitely fans. They were, as expected, not the crazed wackadoodles I gleefully mock. (Make no mistake, such people exist.) One guy had a Bitcoin-related business and honestly believed that the actions of those at Blockstream were causing his business to fail. (Frankly, I thought his idea wasn't that good, but I kept my mouth shut.) We had what I thought was a reasonable discussion about the whole thing. The other guy was just confused and didn't know what to believe. He watched us debate and just became more confused.
@_date: 2016-04-07 18:10:40


Yes and no. [Jumbo frames]( are a thing. I'm not sure how much support they have, though. 3-4 years ago, I was working at a company that designed and sold telecom gear. We supported jumbo frames but I'm not aware of any firms that used them. (They may have existed! I just never heard about them.) I don't think even the internal dev teams used them in their labs unless they were running regression tests and such. I know my team didn't use them in our lab.
(Granted, this was a few years ago. Maybe things have changed since then.)
Anyway, I'm being a bit pedantic. I think Luke's bigger point (the Bitcoin protocol has no business enforcing fee limits) is absolutely correct. This is a job for wallet devs. Even if one buys into the idea that the protocol should enforce fee limits, what should the limits be, and why should the protocol enforce them anyway? A wallet, say, with a user-adjustable fee limit and a sane default value makes far more sense and should be trivial to implement.
@_date: 2016-04-01 20:57:06
Neat! Really cool demo. Thanks for sharing. :) Any chance the source will end up on Github or elsewhere eventually?
@_date: 2016-04-05 17:24:12


It wouldn't be the Internet unless people yelled at each other over headlines. :)
@_date: 2018-01-09 22:38:36
I don't have a link offhand but I remember reading a post from Rusty Russell (a lead Lightning dev) awhile back. IIRC, he said something like, "We have to map the entire topology in the beginning while we figure out a better solution." Rusty's a sharp networking engineer working with other sharp engineers. I think they will figure this out eventually. They're just in the bootstrapping phase.
(Besides, as some will recall, the first person who replied to Satoshi's Bitcoin announcement said, "It won't scale." It kinda shouldn't, honestly! It's not the greatest design from a purely technical standpoint. Anyway, the point is that you have to start somewhere.)
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:09:30
Also, while the solution you mentioned definitely works for BitPay, wrote a small program that interacts with any BIP 70 URL (AFAIK) and exposes the payment details. Details [here](
@_date: 2016-04-19 17:40:23
If the site isn't part of the chain between the two parties, specific LN transactions can't be recorded. Even then, depending on the specifics (been a little while since I looked), I'm not entirely sure an intermediary can specifically tell if a Tx is occurring between the two parties.
Otherwise, anybody looking at the blockchain will just see the anchors or the final withdrawals.
@_date: 2016-04-19 17:36:56
Yeah, people need to chill out if this isn't pushed before the end of the month. (Hell, I'd be surprised if it is pushed by then, given the to-do list alone.) Schedule slip-ups occur, especially in the software wold. The fact that a pretty thorough PR was delivered on time, and thoroughly tested beforehand, is pretty impressive!
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:45:59
As I understand things (I could be wrong), it was simply principle. They don't care for Bcash, and they put their money where their mouth is and turned it all into Bitcoin. This also saves them from having to set up their workflow to handle Bcash, which is probably not *that* hard but certainly isn't neligible.
@_date: 2018-09-25 01:35:46
Armory should be able to pay to bech32 addresses once 0.96.5 comes out in a week or two. I believe the current plan is to include full bech32 support in 0.97.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:24:17
Ineroperability is a priority for everybody involved. They're even trying to make sure Lightning can operate with similar-but-different concepts, like Christian Decker's Duplex scheme. Will it work out in the end? I don't know. I just know that, at the very least, Joseph &amp; Tadge are talking with Rusty and want to make sure everything flows smoothly between their implementations.
@_date: 2015-12-29 05:15:54
I'm waiting for Greg to get back to me. I went to the temple and left a message with his many henchmen who pilot the black helicopters used to send XT/Unlimited users to North Korea-style re-education camps. (That's the real reason the node numbers are so low, you know.) With any luck, he'll deem me worthy of a reply, and we can begin the process of building consensus.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:29:03
Just wanted to +1 Jonathan's work. He spent a lot of Scaling Bitcoin and the subsequent hack-a-thon busting ass, running tests, talking to the Chinese miners (and figuring out how to work with them before, during, and after the conference), etc. His work may have been a little sloppy at first - the disorganized presentation at the conference didn't help - but he's been working really hard to fix the mistakes (some of which weren't his fault) and come up with good data. This is data that, quite frankly, should've been put together by somebody 6-12 months ago.
(To be fair, the presentation was probably disorganized because, like many presenters, it seemed like everything was put together in the hours before the presentation. Gotta love burning the midnight oil....)
@_date: 2015-12-15 01:09:19
Lightning? Yes. Rusty Russell (Blockstream) is [working on an implementation]( Joseph Poon &amp; Tadge Dryja (original LN whitepaper authors) are working on one too alongside Olaoluwa Osuntokun. (An in-progress codebase will apparently be released later this month, [maybe here]( Everybody listed above is also doing some collaborating here &amp; there to help ensure that the separate codebases will eventually be able to talk to each other. There are also other people working on Lightning implementations, and I believe [Duplex]( ([Christian Decker]( is designed to be compatible with Lightning too, at least in theory.
@_date: 2015-12-18 03:59:58
Well, what do you want to do? [Work on Core]( Work on tools that use the blockchain? Evangelize? You need to narrow down a bit. :)
With that in mind, it sounds like, barring writing C++ code for Core, you're best off working on tools that use Bitcoin. I'd recommend poking around and seeing what's out there. If you feel like there's a hole out there, jump on it and fill it. I'd love to see more work towards making Bitcoin easy for Joe Schmoe to use. That's just me, though.
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:44:04
Yep. I won't lie, though. It did inspire me to write a BIP [in honor or Lemmy Kilminster]( Basically, Bitcoins should be called Lemmycoins, and instead of receiving Lemmycoins, miners should get live ponies mailed to them by Greg, since he's the evil mastermind too busy cackling and smoking cigars in dimly lit backrooms to bother with us rabble. I'll be posting it later tonight. Seems about as mature a proposal as most things posted on Reddit. :)
@_date: 2015-12-31 07:21:20
Well, to be a hair-splitting pedant, libsecp256k1 does implement its own hash functions. So, the hashing is going to be inherently faster or slower than OpenSSL's hashing. (I'd guess faster, but then again, I want OpenSSL to die in a fire.) That and the actual ECDSA verification functionality, which would be faster. I do think it'd be interesting to run the Tx through 0.11 and 0.12, and see what comes out.
That being said, you're probably right, I can't imagine libsecp256k1 speeding things up much more than a few percent due to the continuous hashing of small data that's mentioned elsewhere. Anybody have some time to kill and want to settle this burning question? :)
@_date: 2018-09-15 18:36:50
Rusty &amp; ZmnSCPxj have always added codenames to their releases. POtS is the codename for this release. I assume it's a poke at the Bcash types who left because they felt that, for whatever reasons, SW was dangerous/wrong/etc. (Remember, Lightning would've been possible without SW, just horribly inefficient and slow.)
@_date: 2015-12-14 23:23:07
[Yes, but it wouldn't be very efficient.]( (Note that Tadge later said some of the numbers in his table aren't quite right. I forget which ones exactly.) That and, you know, getting a first version up and running on testnet first. :)
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:10:16
A hard fork with an asterisk. Only 0.8.1 was hard forked (emergency 500 KB soft fork), with all other versions technically not caring since they had the 1 MB limit. There was also a quasi-hard fork of the P2P network in 2010 that wasn't activated 'til two years later. Even then, one could've deployed a proxy server for their node if they'd been hellbent on sticking with pre-0.2.9 code. (I don't think anybody did. I hope not, anyway!)
Also, to get technical, there were several opcodes in the earliest versions that would've hard forked the network had any of them been used. (OP_VER is an opcode that inherently hard forks the network, for example.) Hell, Satoshi arguably hard forked the code in 2010 when he removed multibyte opcodes, although again, nobody had used them on mainnet yet.
*jumps off soapbox* Regarding hard fork deployment, I don't necessarily consider them to be easier to deploy as soft forks. Some of it depends on if ancillary products (e.g., third-party wallets) make assumptions that are violated by hard forks. If so, they need to be upgraded too. I suppose one could argue that hard forks can lead to cleaner technical solutions for the software underpinning the hard-forked network (Core/XT/MyLittlePony/whatever). That's case-by-case, but sure, that can be true.
Have I rambled enough for you yet? :)
@_date: 2015-12-24 20:21:56
Is this unmentionable technology Bitcoin XT? I hear it's a bit like Candyman: If you say XT in front of a mirror five times without the prerequisite charms from Blockstream, Mike Hearn shows up and kills you. I'm going to go try it right now.
*wanders off to bathroom mirror*
XT! XT! XT! XT! XT!
Damn. No Hearn. Maybe Blockstream's black helicopters took him out before he got here? :)
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:29:41


How can we get to said secret base? Can I get a lift on one of Blockstream's black helicopters? :)
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:53:43
That's the gist of what I remember from a podcast I listened to earlier this month. I wish he'd gotten to the point more quickly, but other than that, it was an intriguing talk, and one well worth pondering. I suspect this podcast will be a bit more in-depth and worth a listen, even if I don't necessarily agree with some of his conclusions.
@_date: 2018-09-18 22:27:52
Yep! I remember them too. Gotta love a little snark. :)
@_date: 2015-12-28 21:45:54
Thanks! Glad to see that your work is still ongoing and bearing some good fruit. As I've said before, these surveys and tests are the kinds of things that should've been done by somebody 6-12 months ago. Alas, better late than never.
@_date: 2018-09-21 17:17:00
I'm not sure there's a particularly good answer regarding "why." At the end of the day, I think only four or five people are paid full-time to maintain Core (people at Chaincode Labs, MIT DCI, and Blockstream). The rest do it on their own free time. Plenty of them are extremely sharp people. Alas, mistakes happen, and it's not like it's easy to fully understand the Core architecture. Quite a bit of the code isn't commented, and I don't think there are any good architecture documents out there. The best you can do is run Doxygen (or [read Doxygen output]( read piecemeal things around the Internet (Greg Maxwell has many great comments, although Reddit and other factors make it difficult to find them unless you bookmark them), read [a source file breakdown]( ask questions on IRC, attend [a bootcamp]( etc.
Anyway, the point is that this was a very subtle issue. The lack of comments probably didn't help. I'm really not sure what can be done. One dev (practicalswift) has been doing amazing work catching little things that can optimize the code. Maybe somebody needs to do the same thing for comments? I know it would help me if this kind of stuff was commented more often. I doubt I'm alone.
@_date: 2015-12-22 21:00:38
In theory, perhaps. This was discussed a bit at Scaling Bitcoin. (I think it was primarily discussed at a roundtable that wasn't taped.) Lightning is designed in such a manner that it's compatible with sidechains. However, I seem to recall that there was some disagreement regarding, say, locking coins on one chain and using them with coins from another chain. I believe somebody pointed out that this somehow violated a computer science principle, although they then turned around and said that maybe Lightning solved the problem! It was one of those "I need to think some more" kind of deals.
I'm probably butchering what was said. I just remember there being discussion regarding whether or not you could [cross the streams]( as it were. Somebody who has reached a higher chamber of Shaolin will have to give a definitive answer on this one. :)
@_date: 2015-12-22 08:12:46
This. I'm surprised there wasn't something about Greg landing a black helicopter in Joseph &amp; Tadge's backyard - they must live together, right? - and paying them some of that sweet VC money in exchange for a trojan horse that'll destroy Bitcoin.
If people have technical reasons for not liking Lightning, fine. It is most certainly not some Rube Goldberg-esque 0-conf alternative, though. If it weren't considered worthwhile and (relatively) secure, a million holes would've been poked in it by now. Hell, holes may yet be poked in it, as things like routing are still being ironed out. It's still, IMO, an idea worth pursuing.
@_date: 2015-12-15 02:25:30
Did you use Titanium Backup to back up your apps? If so, you should be able to restore the wallet app. I've done that multiple times without issues *knock on wood*.
Regarding the private key, long story short, it's going to be somewhat hidden. If you still have your old phone, you really are best off trying to get the data off of it and hope that you or a friend can recover the app data. It all comes down to how much time &amp; energy you're willing to invest in this endeavor.
All that said, unless you had your coins in the Coinbase app (they should be able to help you out), chances are you're SOL. Sorry!
@_date: 2015-12-15 00:09:35
[Original source.](
@_date: 2015-12-15 20:26:40
As others have said, she's helping Joseph &amp; Tadge get their company off the ground. (I don't know exact specifics but they are basically a three-person team at the moment, with Olaoluwa/Roasbeef also helping out.) I've talked to all of them multiple times. They have code. It's just in a messy state that they don't want the world to see yet. Why wasn't it made open source from the beginning? I don't know. (I'm guessing the lack of specific tools like OP_CLTV and SegWit is, at least in part, a determining factor.) Will it actually come out at the end of the month? I don't know. Do I have faith that it'll come out soon™ (loosely defined)? Absolutely. They're all good people who are super excited about the project. Rusty too, who really seems excited to collaborate with them.
Here's my personal guess how Lightning will unfold over the next couple of years.
* End of 2015: Source is released. Will probably be a minimal command line set of tools that may not even be 100% complete.
* 2016: Solidify the codebase(s), get a testnet version going, start creating a GUI and start thinking about the best ways to integrate Lightning into Bitcoin tools, companies start to think about how to integrate Lightning, maybe get an early version on mainnet for those who enjoy living on the edge?
* 2017: Solidify mainnet support, hopefully see more &amp; more companies start releasing Lightning-enabled tools/wallets/etc., adoption really starts to take off.
* 2018: 2DAMO0OOOO0000OON, or something.
I could be wrong, of course! Maybe the codebase is much further along than I think it is, and we'll see Lightning on mainnet sometime in 2H16. Throw in a block size increase somewhere along the way (SegWit is great but is still a band-aid, albeit a very useful one), and it should be a pretty interesting 18-24 months in Bitcoinland.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:27:46


??? Last I checked, Joseph &amp; Tadge are setting up their own company, separate from Blockstream. How Lightning would be integrated into the Core wallet, if at all, is a separate ball of wax.
@_date: 2015-12-31 17:44:37
Just skimmed the code. Looking pretty good so far! Some more tests need to be written (both internal and external-facing) but I'm sure Pieter knows that. Probably more code cleanup too. Not bad overall, though. Looking forward to the BIP and the final PR. :) My guess is we'll see a BIP by the end of January, with a PR either at the same time or shortly thereafter. (Remember, the PR will probably be debated and altered for at least a couple of months.)
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:10:01
One problem might be that BitcoinJ doesn't fully support SegWit. I don't know how many products rely on it or if there's a decent Java alternative. As things stand, it's not abandoned but it's basically a dead end for anybody wishing to use SegWit. I don't know if it'll ever pick up SegWit.
@_date: 2015-12-31 19:18:52
Thanks! Missed this somehow. I'll proofread it soon.
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:49:30
Did I say I was against a block size increase? No, I didn't. I just said you didn't know what you're talking about. :) If Segwit2x had somehow gotten off the ground, SegWit would *not* be at 70-80% right now. It'd probably be right about where it is right now, only with a lot of confusion in the immediate days, weeks, and years after the fork. Schnorr would also probably be exactly where it is right now.
As for fees, they spiked in part because idiots figured they could make a quick buck by investing in scam ICOs and other nonsense. Now that reality is setting back in, perhaps some BTC users are permanently gone but I think most of the organic use is just fine.
@_date: 2018-08-22 01:02:16




@_date: 2018-08-22 00:07:30


This alone tells me that you don't know what you're talking about. Even if people like Greg hadn't spent so much time pushing against all the misinformation-spewing yahoos, Schnorr isn't something that can be easily addressed. I believe Pieter Wuille has [what appears to be an in-progress Schnorr BIP]( It doesn't discuss the nuts-and-bolts of how to get Schnorr into Bitcoin. It basically explains Schnorr and why, in the author's opinion, it's an interesting idea to explore. That's it. I *think* Greg said something at some point about some IETF standards also needing to be addressed. (I could be wrong on that point.)
As for adoption, take that up with the exchanges that signed onto Segwit2x but are only now implementing it. To me, it's obvious that they were far more interested in protecting their investments and potentially in being perceived as power brokers than they were in actually focusing on technical issues. As things stand, Bcash is basically the equivalent of that [ten-lane superhighway in North Korea]( Wide but no one's using it, and it's [probably riddled with danger](
@_date: 2017-02-01 06:16:51
Fair enough. I stand corrected regarding the announcement format.


I don't have faith! Assuming I understand this bug correctly, it's trivial to trigger. One of the first things I learned when writing code was to test by trying to max everything out. That's not all-encompassing, of course, but it's a good rule of thumb. If you're going to tinker with consensus code, it's borderline criminal to not try to break everything in unit tests and live tests. This does *not* give me faith that whatever weird algorithm they've cooked up will work as expected if ever manages to get activated.
@_date: 2017-02-24 07:18:40
If you mean the latest version, there was a bug that prevented it from opening on some Macs. [Here's a workaround]( or you can wait 'til 0.96 comes out.
@_date: 2017-02-05 08:15:40
Yeah, I seem to recall reading somewhere that, before getting into mining, he trolled 8BTC quite often. (Maybe he still trolls it?) I'm pretty sure he's just trying to get a rise out of people.
@_date: 2017-02-10 07:44:35
Another problem that comes up whenever people complain about the fees is that, quite frankly, most of these people would probably lose their money. Do you really think the average person making $2/day is going to be a great steward of the phone they'd be using to access Bitcoin? It's easy to lose phones and, hence, lose your coins unless you go through a centralized service. (I'm reeeeeeeeal sure oppressive governments wouldn't monitor such services. /s) Hell, it's hard enough to maintain one's coins in the West! I almost lost ~0.1 BTC when my phone died recently (had a wallet backup, thankfully), somebody I know who lived in India for awhile has probably lost the 0.3 BTC she was given for a job (she took it and then berated me because, in her opinion, people would be confused by Bitcoin), etc.
Don't get me wrong. If there was a magical way to make Bitcoin censorship-resistant *and* dirt cheap, I'd be all for it. As is, BU would just send the network off the tracks in service of some loons who are delusional enough to think Bitcoin can destroy fiat currencies. (I'd pay beaucoup bucks to watch these clowns try to explain Bitcoin to my grandparents, to the pensioners in Greece who almost started riots at banks when Grexit threatened to be a thing and they wanted to get some money, etc.)
@_date: 2017-02-09 07:20:32
I'm inclined to think it is Gavin, based on what Johnson said and on a [podcast]( where Gavin said devs should be fired. (He backtracked later.) While far from concrete proof, certain words, phrases, writing styles, etc. can be "tells."
Anyway, I just wanted to thank Johnson. While I have been silent, I have been keeping up with the various proposals he has developed. Even if I don't agree with all the details, I'm really glad that he's putting thought into all this and trying to figure out a way forward. It's an approach that's a million times more thoughtful and compelling than the "Just change things as desired and [blame others when they break]( approach of BU.
@_date: 2017-02-16 23:54:27
[This]( is the new Armory web site. is the lead maintainer now but he prefers that people go [here]( for support.
@_date: 2017-02-10 18:26:59


No storage method is foolproof. My point is simply that, without proper precautions, Bitcoin is no better or no worse than cash. Arguably, it's worse for some people. If it weren't for the ability to use QR codes or some sort of centralized services, I'd declare it dead in the water for this kind of stuff. (Seriously, type out some crazy address to send someone money? That's not a disaster waiting to happen....)


Yes...if you take proper precautions (few do in the West, AFAIK) or use a centralized service (prone to government interference in the areas where people claim Bitcoin is needed most for cheap/free transactions).
@_date: 2016-03-11 19:49:23
You still have to anchor the off-chain transactions somehow, which is where the miners will come into play. Also, if running Lightning nodes is profitable (this does worry me, to be honest), I'd imagine miners will figure out a way to get in on the action. Businesses have to diversify all the time if they're to survive. Miners, or better or worse, aren't exempt from this concept.
@_date: 2016-01-07 08:41:32
Make a backup of your wallet data and such but the upgrade should be safe. I'm not aware of any changes between 0.8.X and 0.11.2 that would require intermediate steps. The databases are still the same (AFAIK), the blockchain will be read the same way, etc. I think the blockchain files might be renamed but that's about it.
@_date: 2016-03-18 00:14:57
No. Unfortunately, the idea of "consensus" has shifted over the years. It basically means whatever people want it to mean. I'm sure people can point to old online posts where somebody said this or that, and they're contradicting themselves now, and drama drama drama. Everybody's learning as they're going (and, sadly, some are bending everything for political purposes). [BIP 99]( is attempting to wrestle with some of the concept. There may be others. (If anybody has more papers/links, please post!)
Anyway, when Gavin was around, he basically had the final say and would weigh all the options. Wladimir takes an approach that I feel is, despite all protestations, a bit similar (but not definitely not the same). Take, for example, the CLTV soft fork. Everybody who actively followed its development was cool with it by the end...except Mike Hearn, who was dead-set on it being deployed as a hard fork. He loudly disagreed and basically demanded that the code, which everybody else was fine with being implemented as a soft fork, be implemented as a hard fork. As usual, Redditors got whipped up into a frenzy and decried Mike, Greg, Adam's barber, and everybody else they could because drama. In the end, Wladimir merged the code anyway.
My baseless speculation is that Wladimir decided that Mike, whether or not Mike honestly believed his own writings (Mike probably did, to be fair), was creating distractions and otherwise being stubborn. If somebody's just throwing up roadblocks and playing the political game, one could argue that they're not needed for consensus. It's a dangerous game. Alas, it was inevitable that an explosion like this would occur. When consensus is a nebulous concept, somebody will cry to the heavens whenever they don't get their way, and some people will follow them.
@_date: 2016-03-18 01:19:37
Well, there's really no "veto power," per se. Again, it's very nebulous. If, say, Jeff objected to something, that'd carry a lot more weight than some random person who signed up to Github just to shout "**THIS SUX!!!**". (Yes, this has happened multiple times.)
However, there are certain people who don't have "pull access" to the repo who are still influential nonetheless. Alex and Suhas at [Chaincode Labs]( for example, do a lot of great work and sometimes comments on PRs that aren't their own. IMO, their feedback's quite valuable, even though they don't have push access. If they were the only people objecting to something that everyone else felt was fine, I suppose it'd go through anyway, although it'd be a closer call.
As for Mike, well, he made his contributions (e.g., creating the *BitcoinJ* library). He's also no longer working on Bitcoin. That's about as diplomatic as I'm going to be on a public forum. :)
@_date: 2016-03-18 08:03:52
Ahhh, should've thought of that. Thanks for clarifying.
@_date: 2016-03-23 01:20:00
If my experience with ATMs is any indication - and it may very well not be, to be fair - a lot of the providers don't have that much coinage lying around. There was one ATM a couple of miles from an old house. Out of five or so visits to that ATM, there was one time when there were no coins available at all, and another when it limited me to a US$5 or US$10 purchase.
Also, there will probably be a premium on the ATMs. There's one a couple of miles from my current places that charges a 5-7% premium compared to Circle. No thanks.
@_date: 2016-03-12 01:48:17
Yeah. They have their own little setup amongst 21 computers (and, once it's out, any program using the 21 API). It may switch over to Lightning or something else down the road. We'll see.
@_date: 2016-03-11 20:19:45
Could that happen? Maybe. Do I think Blockstream is above criticism? Of course not. I just don't see how all this is adding up to some wild conspiracy where Blockstream stops people from doing direct transfers. I still maintain that going with some sort of Red Hat model ("We'll figure out the big, scary blockchain for you") is far more plausible, especially with people like Warren Togami on board.
Besides, as I've maintained for awhile, recording any and all transactions for all eternity isn't efficient at all, not to mention highly susceptible at the moment to analytics. In fact, it actually bothers me on a certain level. Anchors for things like Duplex and Lightning aren't miles ahead but I can accept the tradeoff.
@_date: 2016-03-19 23:09:23
Just so everyone knows, Eric Lombrozo ended up being the no-notice (I presume?) backup. He talked about SegWit, Ethereum, smart contracts, etc. I didn't catch everything but what I heard sounded fine. Probably could've been a bit better with some prep time, but hey, the mere fact that the guys got a coherent backup on no notice is pretty impressive. :) Will have to listen again when it's posted and cleaned up. (Eric's connection kept dropping out, unfortunately.)
@_date: 2016-03-11 20:39:45
It's not just about storage. Onboarding people already consumes quite a bit of bandwidth, and the problem will just get worse. Not everybody has unlimited data, not everybody has a super-snappy Internet connection, and not everybody will want to spend weeks, if not months, getting their full node spun up.
As for $75M not getting returns from consulting, you do know that Red Hat is still doing pretty well, right? :) I mean, I suppose some greybeard out there is still ranting to anbody who'll listen about how Red Hat ruined Linux and took away the right of everybody to hand-assemble their own custom Linux machine. They can be safely ignored. Red Hat, AFAIK, is seen as doing a lot of good for Linux, and they did it while making a pretty penny.
@_date: 2016-03-18 05:14:00
Possibly. If it's minor, no one will really care. If it's major, like a hard fork, it could lead to fighting unless everybody's on board.
@_date: 2016-03-06 20:38:49
A lot of it is from AWS and other remote services, with quite a few probably using free trial services as prescribed by various guides on the Internet that are designed to show people how to get nodes spun up quickly. It'll be interesting to see how many of those nodes remain up come May/June.
@_date: 2016-03-18 17:05:05
Yes, that's much more accurate. One person who can raise a technical objection that others agree with - hopefully including whoever submitted the PR - will have much more success stopping something than a bunch of random people shouting "NACK" (i.e., "I don't agree") without giving reasons.
@_date: 2016-03-18 08:27:14
- This is a good read if you're trying to understand the development process. I don't know if it'll answer any questions you might have but it will do a good job of explaining, among other things, why a lot of people working on Bitcoin make a big deal about consensus. Some of it is about the standard "don't fork the chain" stuff. Some of it is collaboration and (hopefully) fostering an environment where the best &amp; brightest feel like they can make an impact.
Along the way, some will disagree and stop volunteering, or move elsewhere. It's inevitable. Usually, it's quiet. Sometimes, it's not, and Bitcoin has always had people being very loud (although this is, arguably, the loudest it's ever been). Ideally, onlookers would judge code by its merits and performance. Alas, quality isn't always easy to discern at a glance, and high quality products aren't always become the most popular in the end.
My only significant quibble with Greg's post is when he says people agree issues exist if enough info is shared. I wish this was true. In many cases, it is. In others, it isn't, or people can't agree on just how big an issue it is. I'm pretty sure there isn't a single angle people haven't considered the block size debate from, and yet there are only a small number of primary camps. They debate things like *when* (not *if*, despite what some believe) we need an increase, whether or not it's wise to move Bitcoin's emphasis any from what was mentioned in the One True Religious Text (i.e., Satoshi's whitepaper) and start focusing on more efficient tasks that can be supported by the Bitcoin network, the impacts and challenges of a hard fork, etc. Some people are just fundamentally unable to see things certain ways, no matter what you tell them. The best we can do is hope that the people working on things are able to set their egos aside and stick to whatever data's available, and not succumb to political and personal preferences.
@_date: 2016-03-09 21:47:11
Welcome, Mx. Sock Puppet! Way to make a splash, posting what appears to be an IRC transcript with zero context and taking the word of one contributor to be the opinion of everybody who works on Core.
@_date: 2016-03-09 03:23:25
What does the answer have anything to do with sidechains or Lightning?
@_date: 2016-03-17 23:26:15
Well, it hasn't come up in a (serious) pull request yet. I think there were PRs created based on XT and Classic but they were shut down pretty quickly. (I don't think Gavin made them, just people trying to make political points.) When there's as much heat on everybody as there is right now, along with a near-total breakdown in communication (online at least), it's safe to say nobody in their right mind would merge the PR.
@_date: 2016-03-10 00:01:02
It was never particularly anonymous. People confused Bitcoin's lack of identity requirement with anonymity.
@_date: 2016-03-18 01:53:03
The page you linked? Yes. They're the ones who can actually "push" the code that others want to be included in Core. If I want to change the code, I have to create a pull request, make my case for why it should be included, make reasonable changes as they're suggested (or explain why I don't think they should be made), and hope that the PR is accepted.
@_date: 2016-03-12 01:37:51
I know that's sarcasm, but to be fair, 21 does default to its own form of off-chain transactions that make micropayments feasible. You have to explicitly ask the computer to do on-chain transactions if that's what you insist on.
@_date: 2016-03-11 20:56:33


There are plenty of opportunities. If businesses are going to use Bitcoin/blockchains, they can either figure out what's out there and how it fits into their day-to-day operations, or they can hire somebody to figure it out for them. Many companies choose to hire consultants.
Also, companies may want certain features, even if the features don't make it back upstream. Somebody will get paid to deploy them, even if that company's the only one to use the feature.


Netflix also adapts to one's connection, and the processing can be easily offloaded onto the GPU. The Satoshi client doesn't do any of that. You get what you get. Not ideal, but hey, that's where we're at. In addition, I believe the Satoshi client transfers ~150GB of data each month if you let it run all the time. That has to share bandwidth with Netflix and whatever else you're running. Sure, SPV gets around that and is probably ideal for many people, but somebody has to run full nodes. I'd prefer to minimize the pressure on people running full nodes.
@_date: 2016-03-18 08:06:20
I wasn't paying close attention at the time, so it's possible I've got a thing or two screwed up. If I'm wrong (and, as always, I probably am), my apologies. :)
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:09:21
Yep! Paper backups in a safe - or even multi-part backups, some parts easy to get and others not so easy - are probably the best way to go. Thumb drives and such can get corrupted or otherwise damaged. Paper, if handled with relative care, will last hundreds of years.
@_date: 2016-01-17 06:35:44
More specifically, this is the codebase that Joseph &amp; Tadge have been working on for awhile, with help from a few trusted people. There's also an in-progress [Sphinx routing implementation]( that might be used eventually. Cool stuff. I hope devs will take the time to look it over and consider making some commits!
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:18:06


You're not going to get your money back from the coins a 21 computer generates. (Well, maybe if you hold and they go up to $4K or something....) They generate a small trickle, with the idea being more that you'll turn around and use them to pay for various services people offer.
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:37:39
Hmmm. Maybe I didn't fully explain. From a developer's perspective, what 21 is trying to do is get devs to build services that use Bitcoin as the underlying tool without people knowing that they're using Bitcoin. Stop and think about the technology that goes, say, into a sports car. Sure, a gearhead could spend hours explaining all the whiz-bang features in the latest Maserati, much like some people here can break down the nuts &amp; bolts of the Bitcoin protocol. Chances are that both people would cause Joe Schmoe's eyes to glaze over once they go off on a tear. Joe Schmoe just wants a neat car or, more specifically, an easy way to pay for something.
Contrary to what some here believe, Bitcoin, as it stands, is a pretty awful payment system, especially for real-world purchases. Getting beyond the need to train the staff, it just takes way too much time. You also typically find yourself going through a payment processor, like Bitpay, that forces you to pause, pull out your phone, etc. Throw in sometimes flaky technology, and it's no wonder people would rather stick with cash or credit cards.
Anyway, if you look at [21's API]( you see that the basic point is to make payment relatively seamless. Have a few coins handy? Want to access something? No sweat. The code will automatically handle all that, preferably off-chain but on-chain is doable if you insist (and don't mind waiting a little while). In other words, 21 is trying to encourage developers to develop tools for truly frictionless payments. The mining chip is essentially a way to generate money that can be used to play with these services.
Will all this succeed? No clue. I do think 21's onto something, though. I love all the technical details. I've also failed to see how Mom &amp; Dad will ever see a need for Bitcoin as is. For now at least, 21's trying to come up with tools that devs can use to "bootstrap" Joe Schmoe into Bitcoin, and keep Joe there. That's how I interpret it, anyway. I'm sure 21 has more tricks up their sleeve. No investor in their right mind would pump over $100M into a company whose endgame is a developer-only RPi2 with a custom ASIC chip bolted on.
@_date: 2016-01-13 22:59:15
No. The data on the paper wallet is, in all cases I know of, just seed data that is used to generate addresses in a deterministic manner. Short of ECDSA becoming hopelessly broken or some other catastrophic event, any proposal to nullify those keys would have about as much chance of gaining an economic majority as Houdini has of rising from the grave. Even then, if ECDSA were broken, I can't see how one could safely transition the keys.
Translation: This has nothing to do with Core/XT/Unlimited/Classic/whatever. You're safe up until a split happens, if it ever happens.
@_date: 2016-03-17 16:53:29


[Perhaps this podcast will explain why people pay attention to Adam....](
(td;dl - Adam's a Ph.D who has spent 20+ years working on distributed systems and has developed ideas that were influential to Satoshi. Even if he's not a world-class programmer, being an idea person is just as important.)
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:02:37


While I certainly can't speak for others, Core could obviously have some ugly bugs. The difference is eyeballs. While not perfect, Core does have a reasonable number of people who look at the code, especially if it's something huge like SegWit. (The final code was significantly different from the initial code showed to the public.) It tends to be the same people, sadly, but others can and have jumped in. Russ Yanofsky and John Newbury in particular have been stepping up and making some nice reviews and deliveries recently, although there are certainly others making worthwhile contributions.
BU, as best I can tell, just dumps the code onto their GH after an unknown internal review process, which is presumably the same people looking at the same code over and over (or, worse, the same one or two people since nobody else is familiar with whatever changes they've made under the hood).
Besides, need I remind people of that [ridiculous hit piece]( one of the devs put out awhile back? They tried to weaponize a bug but couldn't figure out how to do it! The post was basically all sizzle, no steak, and yet in the same post, this guy has the audacity to call BU "the highest quality, most stable, Bitcoin client available."
@_date: 2019-03-04 23:58:27
Pretty much. Plenty of people have serious trouble operating the self-checkout kiosks. (Hell, most people don't even realize that, if they have enough items, it's usually quicker to use a live cashier, even if there's a small line.) There's no possible way that they'll ever use Lightning directly. This is definitely somebody just looking at what's out there and saying that Lightning could be interesting down the line, which is true.
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:19:00


People still have to get their coins into the Lightning network. Let's say that Lightning ends up beating the odds and becomes an astronomical success, with hundreds of millions of people eager to get in on it. They still have to do an on-chain transaction to enter the network, and another one to cash out. Anti-fraud spends also go on the chain.
In other words, channels also have to be set up between each participant. Also, just because Alice and Bob have a channel doesn't mean Alice and Frank will be able to avoid setting up their own channel. (Granted, the Lightning crew is working to arrange things such that channels can be chained, e.g., Alice -&gt; Bob -&gt; Sally -&gt; Frank, with A/B, B/S, and S/F having already set up their own channels.)
So, while miners might not be able to get a direct piece of the action every time Alice sends Franks five satoshis, they get the on-ramp and off-ramp, which could still be significant. (Millions of channels won't fit onto a 1MB blockchain!)
That and, while it's probably true that Lightning fees will be minimal, I doubt they'll hit zero. Sure, if you're willing to inconvenience yourself, there probably will be people running nodes out of the kindness of their hearts. Businesses will want to make a profit, though, or at least make *something* while using Lightning as a loss-leader. Why couldn't miners get in on that? I see no reason why they couldn't.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:00:51
Never keep more coins outside of your control (i.e., you and only you control the keys) than you can afford to lose. Use Armory, mSIGNA, Mycelium, whatever. Just get them out, and preferably into a client that has good backup methods so that you'll be okay if your computer dies or whatever.
@_date: 2017-03-15 00:08:45
Cool, and no worries. I actually thought it was a good example of exploiting a real-world problem without going overboard. I was far more annoyed by the crybabies who demanded that you get arrested.
@_date: 2016-03-17 22:26:40
If a pull request is made and enough people object to it early on, it (probably) won't be accepted. Some will point to things like replace-by-fee as proof - **PROOF!!!** - that Wladimir (the guy who does almost all merges) is bought off or whatever. As I recall, little attention was paid to that PR before it got merged, at which point it was a convenient rallying point for people who needed a reason to argue about something other than the block size.
Anyway, it is, to be fair, a bit of a nebulous process. There is no formal voting, just Wladimir and other maintainers exercising their best judgment based on the feedback they receive and, hopefully, their own personal reviews of the code.
@_date: 2016-03-19 01:51:30
Yeah, I believe they (or whoever bought out Coinsetter) handle these kinds of things. That or you might be able to contact some Bitcoin VC firms like Boost. They might be able to arrange something.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:18:58
Kinda hard to merge something when no code exists....
@_date: 2017-03-27 18:50:52
^ This. Also:


Worth repeating. I suspect a lot of online commenters have never worked at major companies, where "move fast and break stuff" is a guaranteed way to get sued by all your customers. People like Brian Armstrong *may* want to ditch Core. They're also smart enough to realize just how much work would be required to make this work on the technical and business sides. Not gonna happen unless Core really starts to dive off a cliff, and even then, the shoddy BU-specific code means they might just shut down Bitcoin support altogether rather than risk some sort of catastrophic event leading to legal action or other massive problems.
@_date: 2016-03-17 22:41:16
You can see open pull requests [here]( closed pull requests [here]( and the commit history [here]( The commit history's a bit confusing unless you have a good visualizing tool, though.
*EDIT*: Sorry, missed the second half. :) Honestly, at this point, I believe Jonas (GUI) and Wladimir (everything else) are the only ones who really pay attention to all the PRs. Jeff and Gavin haven't really been involved in quite awhile, and Greg gave up his commit powers a few months ago (although I don't think he did much merging anyway). ~~I guess Luke Dashjr and Cory Fields (theuni) have also been added recently. Not sure what Luke merges. Haven't seen Cory merge anything but he's the build guru who makes sure Core can actually be built. I'd imagine related merges by him would be uncontroversial.~~ (*EDIT 2*: As pointed out by Greg, Luke and Cory don't have commit privileges for Core, just other projects [here]( Luke has [BIP access]( Cory has access to [detached sigs]( for Core. Not sure if they have anything else.)
I suppose some would argue that, if Gavin strenuously objected to a merge, he could revert it. Technically, yes. Practically, I doubt it. For better or worse, a lot of people feel like Gavin has poisoned the well and is much more interested in alternative implementations these days. If all the objections came from people associated with other projects, I don't think Wladimir would care too much, as they're not involved with Core. If it came from non-Core and a significant number of Core reviewers, I suppose the reversion could stand. Hard to say, really.
@_date: 2016-01-26 01:40:31
You're mostly on point. The computer, to me, is a proof-of-concept meant to get developers excited about the idea of a world where Bitcoin is truly ubiquitous: One where Bitcoin isn't used directly, much like how the Internet Protocol is ubiquitous but isn't accessed directly by 99.9% of the people in contact with it.
Anyway, yes, if a service has a payment gateway (e.g., HTTP's 402 code, which 21 leverages heavily), Bitcoin can be used underneath the hood to access it. The mining generates a small stream of coins for people to use. It's hard to say exactly how many coins will be generated by a 21 computer. My raw, off-the-cuff guess is that you'd be insanely lucky to mine 0.1 BTC in a year, with 0.05 or so being more likely. However, we're talking about services that could be, say, 0.0002 BTC or something similarly small. You could access these services hundreds of times, if not thousands, not to mention the fact that you're always welcome to send coins directly to a wallet on the 21 computer.
Regarding mining, my question would be in regards to what exactly you want to accomplish. Are you just curious about what goes into raw mining? If so, my honest advice, if I were you, would be to get a used Spondoolies SP20 for ~$300 used. They're pretty nice, and you'll get an idea of what goes into a true mining operation by operating one. Just be careful, as your electricity bill will go up quite a bit by using one (~$100/mth at a bare minimum). You'll also generate a few more coins when joining a pool, and you'll be forced to understand how to configure a miner and what goes into the process. 21 wants to cover up those details at the command line, although I suppose you could dive into the source code once it's released.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:13:56


Ummm, if all I cared about was "fucking shit up," I would've taken far more than the US$10 that [Peter took from Coinbase last year]( (and offered to give back).
Peter may be a bit of a jerk sometimes. He's also not one to run around and trash things just for the hell of it. He's more likely, IMO, to point out that something bad could happen. In this case, as best I can tell, he's right, or at the very least, he's pointing out the recklessness of some of the commits that are in the code.
@_date: 2016-01-08 00:28:57
Correct. Good luck keeping the associated coins safe, though. :)
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:16:24
Ahhh, I had forgotten about that. Thanks.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:32:22
It's a de facto minimum. Network policy prevents anything with less than 1 sat/b from being propagated. Anything less would be non-standard and would require direct access to a miner willing to accept it. I'm not aware of any such service for regular users ever since the Eligius pool went away.
@_date: 2016-03-09 21:49:37
Neat! Nii really was one of the first people to bring the Internet to Africa. I wish him the best with his endeavor. Sadly, several hundred terahashes probably won't do much. I hope he at least got a good price for the gear.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:33:48
Yes, if you can, use the Bech32 version. The virtual size of the TX is reduced further, thereby reducing the fees. (Remember, post-SegWit, sat/byte fees apply against the virtual size, not the actual number of bytes.) The P2SH form is better than nothing (and is compatible with all wallets) but the Bech32 version is even better.
@_date: 2016-06-24 18:39:40
Another public shoutout to everybody who made this possible. It's been at least a year in the making, and I know for a fact that the nuts &amp; bolts have changed multiple times in order to make SegWit a more sound, more stable piece of code. The amount of testing and thought that has gone into this code is really impressive, and quite a bit more than I've seen in some closed-source projects sold to international firms. I have full confidence that this code has a rock solid foundation and won't cause any significant problems down the road, possibly barring a bizarre corner case or two that somehow slipped through testing.
Now for the deployment phase, which will be interesting, to say the least....
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:33:41
I'm happy to see Andrew's work continuing to evolve and become more awesome. He's a really nice &amp; humble guy who is doing some incredible work. Looking forward to watching this one later.
@_date: 2016-06-28 17:15:46
Anytime. :)
If you're curious, on a related note, Peter Todd, who presented at the conference, [just released a detailed analysis of the SegWit code]( The upshot is that, in his eyes, SegWit's consensus-critical code is safe (albeit a bit quirky and possibly in need of some tweaking later), and there may be a bug or two with the non-consensus-critical code. So, overall, SegWit isn't perfect but is more than good enough to get out the door now. If you don't know Peter, he's the kind of person who'd be happy to call out SegWit if he felt that there was a major problem with the code.
@_date: 2016-06-06 15:52:26
Technically, goatpig is a long-time developer who has taken the reins. There's another person who contributes here and there, and I contribute when I can. I'm pretty sure patches are accepted too. (Alan, for whatever reasons, didn't seem to like accepting even trivial patches once the company was formed.)
@_date: 2016-06-25 23:07:57
I much prefer Circle over Coinbase. Neither's perfect but Circle's much more convenient, IMO. Their app's not bad either.
You might also be able to use something like localbitcoins.com to arrange something, or coming to a local Bitcoin meetup. The people there sometimes have coins on their phones that they'll sell to you.
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-01-14 03:29:48
Congrats! Looking forward to playing with this and seeing if I can make any contributions. :)
@_date: 2016-06-25 18:35:44
Can't find the link but I'm positive I saw a discussion about this here or on BCT. Somebody involved with the project said that pruned nodes would still work. That's my recollection, at least. I'd love to see a definitive link from somebody (Greg, Pieter, Eric L., etc.) involved with the project.
@_date: 2016-06-21 14:15:57
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that SegWit would be skipped on 0.12. AFAIK, it'll be backported. :) I'm guessing 0.12.3 will get both the base code and the activation bits. We'll see.
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:03:05
I don't think 0.12.2 will have SegWit. The current PR is for 0.13.0. It has to be backported. That said, you're right, 0.13.1 is the version that would have the activation code, assuming SegWit gets into 0.13.0.
@_date: 2016-06-28 06:22:15
To be fair, even the devs at the conference seemed a little behind the curve, much less the people on the business side. When your talks mostly revolve around things like using pycoin to do multisig transactions - to say nothing of the glorified website demos for the Ethereum presentations - the nuts &amp; bolts of things like SegWit and Lightning are going to stand out a bit.
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:48:38


While I'm not super fond of the current state of key management, there's only so much you can do to save people from themselves. If I get drunk and leave behind $50 at the bar, and somebody takes advantage of me before I realize what happened, that's on me. (Yes, the other person shouldn't have taken the money. Good luck enforcing that.) If you're expecting a cryptocurrency system to magically protect everybody's tokens, you're going to be sorely disappointed, at least for the foreseeable future.
FWIW, I think the forking is ridiculous. I knew the DAO was going to be a disaster. First major cut at a DAO + $150M in ether + **HYYYYYYYYPE!!!!!!!** (i.e., most of the participants would've disappeared over time and left it to a few people who were paying attention and had an incentive to tilt the system in their favor) = Massive hack waiting to happen. This is going to set a bad precedent simply because a bunch of people decided that they needed to get in on history or whatever nonsensical line suckered them in. A bailout by any other name is still a bailout.
@_date: 2017-01-30 07:11:12
That's G. Andrew Stone, a BU developer. He wrote a [very smug blog post]( awhile back that tried to portray BU as being the greatest thing since sliced bread. This included pointing out some Core bugs that were all sizzle and no steak. (There's a lot of talk about the bugs here if you go digging deep enough. As I recall, they're all relatively minor or limited to a special debug-only mode that only a few devs run as needed.) He even, as admitted in the blog post, attempted to weaponize one of the bugs instead of contacting someone who works on Core! Between all that and apparently not bothering to test this change on testnet or regtest, I'll be shaking my damn head about this one for awhile! If anyone trying to blow off this bug that costed Roger's bitcoin.com pool $12K, I trust they're willing to just send me $12K since it's not a big deal? I'm not too proud to beg. :)
@_date: 2016-06-28 06:52:16
Honestly, while I think Tadge (Lightning) and Eric (SegWit) are doing amazing work, I think this conference wasn't necessarily the best place for them to present anything. At something like Scaling Bitcoin, they'd have been fine. For something like this, Elizabeth Stark probably would've been a better choice for Lightning. (Not sure about SegWit.) She knows the nuts &amp; bolts and also tries to break things down for laypeople, or at least devs who aren't familiar with all of Bitcoin's nuances.
As for your take, I can see why you'd say that about Lightning. (SegWit seemed more solid to me. I have total faith in it, even if Eric was a bit over the heads of many.) There is a lot of stuff where Tadge didn't have time to go into details. Routing is one area where a lot of people are concerned. I have faith they'll work it out, though. Rusty Russell's doing a lot of great work and is documenting parts of it in the BOLT (Basics of Lightning Technology) series of papers. Olaoluwa Osuntokun is also doing good work bringing fresh ideas to the party. Amiko Pay seems to be humming along as well. The big question is when all this will pay off with a functional system. (Alas, maybe I'm missing something but I'd be surprised if this has advanced beyond the prototype phase by the end of the year, and is in regular use on mainnet by this time next year.)
@_date: 2018-10-07 00:59:46
Yep. Honestly, at this point, I'm not even sure "Scaling Bitcoin" is a proper name for the conference. It's basically a blockchain research conference that started with Bitcoin as a focus. Bitcoin is still very much present but more and more of the presentations have nothing to do with Bitcoin at all, although I suppose some could be deployed on a sidechain (assuming those ever get off the ground). I wouldn't be surprised if the conference is renamed sometime in the future.
Anyway, regarding Forward Blocks, I need to digest everything but my gut instinct is that they won't get off the ground. My initial take was that it relied on way too many technical bugs and minutiae to try to cram in something crazy. It's cool as a thought process. I'm not sure it's something I'd want to actually see deployed, at least on mainnet. (That said, I will keep an open mind as I read more about it.)
@_date: 2017-01-25 08:42:20


Just for reference down the road, when the code changes, [here's a permanent reference to the line in question]( Also, [here's the full commit](
@_date: 2016-01-11 18:35:22


I guess HTTP and TCP aren't IP either. Time to leave Reddit....


Same for Lightning, or at least, you see the proofs that you control X coins, which can then be safely used away from the blockchain. I'm fine with that. The idea that a single coffee sale will be recorded for all eternity is ridiculous. (Not that said proof is miles ahead, but still, it's more efficient in the long run.)


I can go between Coinbase and Circle while staying off the blockchain? That's news to me!
Less sarcastic response: Lightning is a much more general way to do things off-chain. In fact, the people working on the implementations are staying in touch so that the implementations can, at least in theory, play nice with each other. Coinbase, Circle, and all the others are proprietary and don't play nice with others. Me no likey.
@_date: 2017-01-18 22:02:22
Ahhh, cool. Thanks for clarifying. :) As much as I know this is all kinda ridiculous, there is something satisfying about these buffoons getting their just desserts.
@_date: 2017-01-10 17:24:50
I have no idea if Chase will shut your account down these days. If you're really paranoid, a simple solution is to join a credit union and move money around as needed in order to buy coins. A bit inconvenient but it should be fine. It's handy if, for whatever reasons, your account is frozen. This keeps your main account going. A few Paypal users I know started doing it years ago.
@_date: 2017-01-06 06:11:59
Latest version [here]( support [here]( You will need to resync the online client, which, like you said, could take awhile. On the bright side, as of 0.94, the database is more like 300-400MB, and not 100+GB. :)
@_date: 2016-06-21 18:25:15
Cool. That was my basic understanding. Glad to see it confirmed.
@_date: 2016-11-11 00:27:50
[You mean 0.95.1]( :)
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:16:05
Honestly, I don't blame Core for cutting 10.7 support. C++11 support on 10.7 is a bit ugly. As is, Core can't run on 10.7 while still passing critical tests that are necessary to ensure the integrity of the system. Would it be possible to fix this? Perhaps. My understanding is that this would require a significant rewrite of some very important code. With 10.7 being unsupported by Apple and not running on many machines (AFAIK), there isn't much of a point to the exercise, much less a "champion" to take up the cause.
@_date: 2016-11-18 16:31:56
Ahhh. Thanks for clarifying.
@_date: 2017-01-18 21:32:02


I don't think this is true. When Greg's account was temporarily disabled/banned/whatever, his page looked exactly the same as Roger's does right now. That is, unless Greg was also permabanned and managed to get it undone. (I didn't pay attention to every detail of that whole shitshow.)
As for whether or not this is cool, I suppose it comes down to the exact reason. I do think Roger has done a lot of shady things. Did he get caught doing any of it? I guess we'll find out, maybe? In the meantime, well, he and his buddies made their bed when they cried bloody murder over Greg posting an email address from a damn Git commit. If Roger's case is similar to Greg's, those buffoons can sleep in their bed.
@_date: 2016-11-08 16:42:35
For a guy who likes to cry about censorship and such, it sure is funny how many post-all-day-everyday yahoos over at his sub have been allowed to skirt the rate limiting, or are not subject to it altogether. [I]( [have]( [counted]( [at]( [least]( [seven]( [posters]( and suspect there are at least three more. (Wait, I mean eight people can skirt it. One's Greg, and that's because those clowns need their devil to yell at. I guess the mods can too but they don't count.) Funny how Roger's version of free speech includes a lot of asterisks and favors from the people running the place.
@_date: 2016-11-25 19:26:55
Huh. At the Scaling Bitcoin Hong Kong, I'm pretty sure I heard a dev say that there were "several" hard forks in 2009. (I didn't ask for clarification, sadly.) I'm pretty sure this was separate from the OP_VER issue. This seems a bit hard to believe, but who knows. I believe there are several versions where the codebases are unavailable, so maybe Satoshi snuck something in, or maybe the network code was changed and considered by some to be a hard fork? I'd love to get this straightened out. :) It's been bugging me for a year.
@_date: 2016-12-11 03:47:18
Ahhh, you're correct. Somehow missed that. Thanks for clarifying. I've edited to reflect this.
@_date: 2016-11-18 06:32:14


[I was about to point that out](
While this isn't quite that bizarro hit piece put out by Craig Wright on Greg about a year ago, this is still an example of sleight-of-hand and blowing things out of proportion. Let's go through this, shall we?


As usual, lead with the scary header, bury the truth in the details. Sure, this is a crappy bug that should be fixed, and one that could easily scare a user. *You still aren't losing money!* Sounds like a simple reboot could fix it. Between that and testnet being available to check any bug fixes, this one's annoying but far from something I'd use to crow about the superiority of my sandbox, especially since I'd like to think miners are using wallets more secure than Core's. (I know the old mining pool I helped set up used a better wallet to manage everything.)


I don't know enough about the code or the nitty-gritty details of C++ to fully comment on this one. I do find it funny, though, that Andrew's happy to throw in lots of links, and yet he doesn't provide a single link showing how his approach is superior. That and the convenient omission of the fact that this is a debug-only bug. Did these people learn nothing from when Craig Wright's "proof" was debunked in ~90 min?
Also, note how Andrew pointed out the code but not the PR, which is my first link above. Convenient sleight-of-hand there.


Sure, this should be fixed. That said, if Andrew's so smart, how come he couldn't figure out how to weaponize it? Sure seems like a handy dandy thing for Roger to show off to the Chinese miners so that they'll switch to Unlimited. Yet another one that's basically all sizzle and no steak.
6.5/10 on the Troll Meter. Would've been higher if he'd had any truly scary bugs to crow about. As is, Core's certainly not perfect but I see no reason to be fearful. :) ~~I really ought to check the BU codebase and see if they've adopted and activated Zander's FlexTrans code. If so, bump the Troll Meter to 10/10.~~ (*EDIT*: Nope, they haven't added it, at least not yet. I'm shocked! Zander said that code was ready to go! :) )
@_date: 2016-12-05 02:03:29


[This message was pretty funny.]( FlexTrans was "safer," and yet he kept making commits for at least a month after the message, [including after SegWit signalling started on the 18th]( As best I can tell, he hasn't been particularly serious about testing. He [created an FT testnet *after* telling everyone FT was a safer alternative]( He also [didn't understand why SegWit is safe for SPV]( and never acknowledged that. The whole thing just reeked of trying to throw a wrench into SegWit deployment at the last possible moment.
Tom may very well *think* he's humble. He's not. At best, he means well and is just a bit naïve. At worst, he's a fool who just ignores criticism and never acknowledges when he's wrong. That's a huge warning sign. That and the KOffice thing, but anyway....
As for the code being ready, I highly doubt it. The buffer overflows that were mentioned [were from ~2 minutes of review]( That's scary for something that's supposed to be so amazing that the better-tested proposal just has to grind to a halt, with everybody who spent time preparing for SegWit now having to prepare for something completely different. I suspect a serious review of the code would turn up many more problems and subtle design flaws that'd make a hard fork a Titanic-level disaster.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:39:32
*Why did testing miss this issue?*
*Networks of nodes* **only running Bitcoin Unlimited** *accept blocks greater than 1MB in their default configuration. As a result, excessive blocks created by the bug in question did not trigger any errors in unit or QA tests.*
Did these clowns really not stop to think and run tests on a heterogeneous test network with non-BU nodes!?! I guess they really do think Core is somehow going to disappear overnight. *sigh* I really hope this is a joke. ~~Pastebin!? They can't use their site, or even have Roger or Andrew or whomever post it directly?~~ (**EDIT 2**: Okay, there was a reason for the Pastebin link. My bad.)
**EDIT**: [It's apparently legit]( (I don't know who the OP is on that forum.) This isn't a joke. I can't even....
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:33:53
Cool. Thanks for clarifying!
@_date: 2016-11-11 00:30:18
I'm also from the old dev team and contribute every now and again in my free time. It's not much - mostly keeping Armory going on Macs so far - but I do have some ideas for future development, code cleanup, etc. The trick is syncing with goatpig. It's not difficult, just something that's different now that he's doing his thing and I'm doing mine.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:32:18


Well then, where is this mecca of conversation where everybody should go? I've stumbled across [three]( [separate]( [accounts]( where the users aren't subject to the ten minute post limit. Surprise surprise, all three are wackos who'll believe any conspiracy involving Greg/Adam/Luke-Jr/Blockstream that anybody cooks up. I'm sure more wackos who aren't subject to said limit. They just haven't been spotted by me yet. Complaining about censorship over there is a bit like saying people were free to vote against Saddam Hussein. (He did get "only" 99% of the vote in one election. I shudder to think what happened to the 1% that supposedly voted no!)
@_date: 2016-11-26 00:24:47
The dev might've been thinking about things like how [there used to be multi-byte opcodes]( I think that would technically be a hard fork, except for the fact that nobody used any of those codes. (I believe is also the commit with the 20K sigop soft fork.)
Not trying to pick a fight or anything, mind you. I'm just genuinely curious as to what that dev meant. I think I remember who it was. Maybe I should just email him and ask?
@_date: 2016-12-24 01:00:40
[Wrong repo]( has [taken over the project]( and prefers that people post [here]( if they need help.
OP: Regarding 32-bit support, well, that ship has come and gone, at least for the online version. (I think offline might still work on 32-bit machines?) Are you really unable to get a cheap laptop off eBay or wherever and work from there? I'm genuinely perplexed as to what you'd be running that's even remotely modern and 32-bit only, other than maybe RPi (and I think that's meant to be offline-only due to resource issues).
@_date: 2016-11-16 06:46:17
If you really care about your vote tally, other than perhaps the ridiculous auto-limiting (de facto censorship when the mob exploits it), you obviously have fewer concerns in your life than I do!
@_date: 2016-11-14 22:09:58


@_date: 2016-11-01 02:44:32
The ATI version is no longer supported and uses a much less efficient DB, it'll crash on SegWit-enabled blockchain files (0.95 doesn't, although it also doesn't support transactions just yet), etc. There's really no reason to continue to use it, even as an offline signer, although the need to upgrade offline signers isn't there just yet. (I believe it will be when 0.96 comes out with a new wallet format and such.)
**EDIT**: tl;dr - If using Armory as an offline signer, there's no need to upgrade just yet, although there may be one in a few months. If using it for online purposes, there's no sane reason I can think of to stick to 0.93.3. In fact, Core 0.13.1 will probably cause Armory to crash once SegWit blocks start rolling in.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:19:48
Great! Just remember that the database will have to be deleted and rebuilt. Short-term pain, long-term gain. Post [here]( if you have any problems.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:44:55


Hmmm. Just curious, did you copy &amp; paste the wrong links? The 250K limit link seems to actually be 500K, with the 500K link just being where the proverbial table was set (and the 100K Tx standard rule originated). Would you mind clarifying this? My understanding of the soft limit rules is as follows.
* 0.1 - No official limit, although a 32 MB network message limit acts as a de facto limit.
* 0.3.2 - [1 MB block limit soft forked in](
* 0.3.13 - [~~500KB~~ 250KB soft limit added]( 
* 0.7 - ~~[Soft limit decreased to 250 KB]( (The format was changed but the limit stayed the same.)
* 0.8.6 - [Soft limit increased to 350 KB]( after an unreleased [raise to 300 KB](
* 0.9 - [Soft limit increased to 750 KB](
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:13:40


[Here's where the "six months" angle came from.]( I figured at the time that he was genuinely conflicted. That and it's damned hard to talk yourself down once you take a very public position. The mere fact that Gavin didn't just double down and super-duper-pinky swear that Craig is Satoshi is commendable all by itself.
All in all, I think the blog post is about as good as what can be expected. It's hard to ignore one's gut instincts at all. Gavin, IMO, is trying to walk a fine line between not ignoring his gut and admitting that this has been a giant shitshow. Even setting the bar relatively high, I think Gavin's doing a commendable job. I'd still have a beer with him, even though I disagree with him on certain things. :)
@_date: 2016-11-17 18:32:38
- No timeline.
- Latency will still not be good, unless Elon has found a way to bend physics to his will. (The 25-35ms target is, well, a target. Targets are rarely hit. If people can consistently get 100ms latency and 250Mb/s connections, I'll be pleasantly surprised.) Miners won't use this unless they absolutely must.
- Good luck running this in China without the authorities demanding it somehow get piped through the Great Firewall first.
Don't get me wrong. If this actually gets rolled out and is made widely available to the world, this is pretty amazing. I'll wait 'til more details and a timeline are available before celebrating anything, though.
@_date: 2017-01-21 03:34:53
It's possible. Didn't they say they're waiting 'til April? That's when [Ubuntu 12.04 support will end]( I'd imagine F2Pool got started on 12.04 since it was probably the newest LTS release when they get started. 12.04's default compiler doesn't support C++11. It's entirely possible they're not bothering with upgrading their internal infrastructure until 12.04 expires, at which point I'd imagine they'll jump over to 16.04 (the last LTS release).
@_date: 2016-11-24 20:03:47
Very amusing. Anybody who knows anything about major institutions knows that virtually all of them demand stability, at least if they're going to deploy in a live network. That and a lot of them are very reluctant to upgrade unless they absolutely must. That's a huge reason why, unless Ethereum gets its act together pronto, it's DOA. Your neighborhood credit union isn't going to hire somebody to watch Reddit full-time to make sure whatever they just deployed will actually work as intended.
@_date: 2016-11-16 04:37:21


I've seen several people from that sub post here in these hilarious tones, like they're part of some [samizdat]( dissidence and are taking a huge risk by hinting at the existence of some sort of underground resistance. (AFAIK, the posts I have in mind are still readable.) If it weren't for Roger going out of his way to try to wreck things, the whole thing would be comedy of the highest order.
@_date: 2016-11-07 22:58:29
I'd be careful on that end, and back up your SSD before trying anything. Pulling drives and putting them into new HW can be fraught with peril. The one time I tried, it didn't work at all. (This was with Windows, though.)
That said, in theory, it could work, depending on various factors. Fingers crossed!
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:18:33
Yeah, I'm not entirely certain of the state of the Schnorr code. I know it was being tested under Elements Alpha. That's about it. I'm sure it's in a decent state but could use some extra attention and some outside review. (While shameful that nobody else seems to care enough to pay, I'd imagine some of Blockstream's money will go towards such a review.)
@_date: 2016-12-24 01:02:42
Yep. AFAIK, goatpig isn't associated with BU. He's too busy working on Armory to bother with BU, other than passing the word along to others if somebody runs BU with Armory and gets it to work (which it should, AFAIK).
@_date: 2016-12-07 21:11:56
This seems at least partially redundant due to the [CCSS standards](
@_date: 2016-11-17 20:46:04


I certainly doubt it! Even if some sort of low-cost receiver is made available in developing countries, they'll probably have horrible latency and be limited to slow speeds. If 25-35ms really can be achieved, I'm assuming it'll only be with special receivers, and only under optimal conditions.
@_date: 2016-11-04 01:54:35
Nope. Maybe useful if you want to learn about how to miner gear works. That's about it.
@_date: 2016-11-07 21:22:42
Understood. That's just the way tech goes sometimes, unfortunately. Supporting multiple operating systems with one codebase can be a very difficult task. Subtle problems like limited library support on one version of an operating system leads to tough calls like these. :/
Just curious, do you run Armory? The plan is to drop 10.7 support over there too but, for now, you could use the 10.7 laptop as an offline signer. :) Once 10.7 is dropped, you could fire install an Ubuntu VM and sign over there.
@_date: 2019-06-18 16:13:44






Glad to know that Mom, who can't figure out Venmo and can barely compose a coherent email, will somehow pull it together and figure out how to use cryptocurrencies without losing everything. You sure do have quite the crystall ball, champ.
@_date: 2019-06-18 23:49:42
\*whoosh\* Funny you should mention 1995. That's when I first got on the Internet. I've spent almost 25 years trying to get Mom to understand it. Like I said, she can barely compose a coherent email, and she was legitimately confused when I tried to explain Paypal/Venmo/Square Cash to her. I also just dropped a check in the mail to somebody who flat out refuses to bother with any sort of electronic payment method other than credit cards (and even then, I think he pays his monthly bill with checks). This is to say nothing of the skepticism I see regularly from friends who still think cryptocurrency is one big Ponzi scheme.
Is it possible we'll see an all-electronic payment future one day? Maybe. Is it going to be Bitcoin? Not without a *lot* of increases in user-friendliness and other things that cause True Believers™ to cry about big corporations taking over. (If Mom ever buys bitcoins directly, it *will* be through a company like Coinbase or Gemini. Don't even try to pretend that she's going to bother with something like localbitcoins.com, assuming anybody uses it where she lives.) Linking to a movie poster and shouting "I research this daily!" isn't going to convince anyone of anything.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:35:16
[It's not totally over yet.]( After two years spent working on Armory (I was laid off last September), I can personally attest that Farhod is a razor sharp developer, perhaps as strong as Alan. He has a deep-rooted passion for open source software and strong opinions regarding where it should go. I really hope people will support him when he releases his own version of 0.94. I'll do what I can to contribute code. Some random ideas I have, subject to Farhod's approval, include:
* Moving the build system over to Autotools and Gitian, like Core and the offshoots. This work was actually completed by Joseph Bisch (an Armory intern) last summer but wasn't merged in for various reasons. I'd really like to see it go in. Way too much work was done to see it go to waste!
* Moving Armory away from Crypto++ and over to libsecp256k1. Don't listen to the shills, kids. The latter is a solid piece of work, while the former, despite a recent resurgence in development, shows the marks of a 20+ year old library encumbered with various bits of cruft.
* Upgrading to Python 3. There were some internal tests done awhile back. This is doable. I'm just not sure how much work would be required to make it happen. (Ideally, the code already written would be reused. I suspect this wouldn't pass legal muster. I'd love to be proven wrong, though!)
Thanks to all the supporters over the years. It was a real privilege to work on Armory. I honestly couldn't have asked for a better team of engineers. Everybody was really smart and passionate about their work. I look forward to whatever Farhod can put together and, perhaps, whatever can be salvaged from the legal mess.
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:34:25
Exactly. As you may recall, the buffoons who wrote Segwit2x wouldn't have even been able to deploy it correctly had it activated. Does anyone really think that companies dragging their feet on software like SW would be able to deal with all the chicanery that would occur during a hard fork?
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:31:11
Many conference organizers put up outdated info. Hell, Mike's own web page at the group (Plan 99) the conference associated with him [still lists him as a Bitcoin developer]( As much as I'd love to believe that Mike's a dishonest jerk, I'm pretty sure that whoever put together the conference page just used whatever was on the CV handed to them.
@_date: 2016-02-11 03:54:44


There are several people on Reddit and elsewhere who, for various reasons (albeit most seemingly due to fear of Blockstream having disproportionate influence, to put it lightly), have said they'd like to see Core go the way of the dodo, with any developers who want to stick around (and presumably renounce Blockstream) joining Classic and its ill-defined democratic system. Keep in mind that a lot of people here have no earthly idea how development really works. Some of them, especially the more paranoid/crazy ones, are going to have some pretty extreme ideas.
Also, I can't find the link offhand but I'm pretty sure it was Gavin who claimed that multiple developers had told him privately that they were prepared to jump ship should the fork succeed. I know Gavin has [expressed sentiments]( where devs who don't respond to user demand are essentially punished. He even said "fired" in the podcast I linked, although he later clarified what he meant. I do buy his apology; I do think Gavin works in good faith. I also think the exchange gave insight into his thought process, which is basically that devs who don't serve users should either quit or jump ship.
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:08:31
Because we're all human and make mistakes?
@_date: 2016-02-02 22:42:39


Interesting. Does anybody have a link for this? I don't doubt Greg. I'm just curious if it was some random wackadoodle or a mob full of wackadoodles. :)
@_date: 2016-02-26 03:09:20
~~Great opportunity for some clown to get the wackadoodle crowd riled up and going straight to conspiracy theories.~~
Errr, uhhh, I mean, obviously, Blockstream is evil and making a public show of power to punish F2Pool for daring to step out of line. Fantastic way for Blockstream to keep the Chinese in line and happy. Right out of Emperor Palpatine's playbook.
@_date: 2016-02-10 19:06:52
My read - and believe me, I'm just speculating - is that Jeff is working with Classic on principle more than on any sort of rock-solid faith that they can be a great replacement team for Core. When I read this last night, it struck me as Jeff primarily being honest about where he sees things. (It was originally posted on the [bitcoin-discuss email list]( My read is that he doesn't necessarily buy into the hard fork patch as-is, just the idea that Classic represents. Jeff's a bit of a politician in that sense (i.e., you work with what you have). I wouldn't do things that way but that's just me.
Jeff also seems to enjoy experimenting with new things, and maybe even being a bit of an agitator. I've gotten a bit of a read from some of his Classic PRs, like the one that [went for an 80% activation for the hard fork]( (If you recall, that one got shot down within a couple of hours.) Maybe he wants to force Classic's hand when it comes to the mumble-mouthed "democracy" that's been promised as something that'll get sorted out later?
Is Jeff having buyer's regret? Is this just Jeff being Jeff? Damned if I know, and really, it's none of my business. I think Jeff's acting in good faith, and that's cool. He just happens to disagree with Gavin, who seems to think in a similar way but has more of a "get it done and get it out there, damn the consequences" approach to things.
@_date: 2016-02-11 03:44:18


Speaking solely for myself, I'm not putting Greg on a pedestal. I do think his more recent replies have been feeding a lot more red meat to the lunatics (and occasional outsider who accidentally says the wrong thing) who won't leave him alone. I'm not happy about it. I'm also not the guy who has had to put up with this crap for at least a year, and probably further back based on dealings with at least one scammer who won't go away and just operates on sheer force of will. If I were Greg, I probably would've choked someone out long ago, or just quit, both out of frustration.
@_date: 2016-02-03 23:06:24


??? I've never seen an open source project that goes out of its way to tell people where to look.


@_date: 2016-02-26 22:39:59
It hasn't. It's going to take a fair amount of work to ELI5 this stuff, especially Confidential Transactions if they're ever pushed for mainstream use (via sidechains, I'd guess, but who knows). Basically, for now, the seller can prove they have the goods in such a manner that only the buyer can get the goods. If the buyer flakes, the seller gets their money back, and the goods aren't handed off (at least not in a manner that the buyer can actually use). Honestly, this works only for digital goods. Physical goods really wouldn't work in such a scenario, at least not without some extra Rube Goldberg-esque weirdness thrown in for good measure.
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:20:43
Yep. [This]( is the original commit.
@_date: 2016-02-28 20:03:58
It could use Lightning! :)
Seriously, it's a bit annoying but, at the end of the day, it's more funny than anything else. I saw somebody tip another person for a comment, and at least 3 or 4 people downvoted the bot message. I couldn't make sense of that at all.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:37:35
Heh. At least one person there downvoted me for saying that I supported Core *and* wasn't cool with the F2Pool DDoS attack. (I was responding to somebody who called all Core supporters criminals. Hey, sometimes we feel like lowering ourselves to respond to idiots.) Some people just have a chip on their shoulders.
@_date: 2016-02-26 06:52:21


Indeed they are. I'm just saying this is ridiculous. It's obvious to me that the people working on Core don't want to say much for multiple reasons.
- Some don't want to be considered a public face of Core.
- Some may consider this a loaded demand/question. ("Why do you beat your wife? Answer the question!")
- Some probably think it's just a given that DDoS attacks are fundamentally wrong, and that there's no need for public condemnation. I'd argue it's a bit like how minorities are expected to condemn any attack perpetrated by someone of their creed. Why? Basic human decency should tell any reasonable person that these things are bad.
- At the end of the day, this is all basically mudslinging. Some people just don't like to indulge in it.
- Let's assume that the actor(s) behind the attacks is/are a hardcore Core supporter. I kinda doubt that a formal statement would accomplish much. It's not like the big names have been using codewords to get the supporters to see people like Jonathan and Gavin as mortal enemies. (Well-meaning but misguided at worst, perhaps, but certainly not worthy of violence.) Hell, it might cause that person to start DDoSing anything related to Core. Some would argue, for better or worse, that it's best to just stay out of the whole affair.
All IMO, of course. Take it for what it's worth.
@_date: 2016-02-10 18:52:00
Because why not? It's metadata, and it's metadata I haven't cared much for since Slashdot revealed it to be a joke 15+ years ago. You can still read the posts if you're interested. If you have an actual interest in understanding how people think, feel, and write, you eventually learn enough to know how to find that which is genuinely interesting, or at least not playing the bullshit "writing for votes" game (aka "vote brigading" in most instances). Someone writing "ACK" and nothing else is NOT, in 99.9999999999% of all instances, worth more than the one point Reddit assigns to all initial posts, and yet there are loads of people circle jerking each other with upvotes for such things.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:42:08
You're also leaving out the part where you could turn that off.
Besides, I worked on Armory. I assure you that we weren't sitting around a smoky room, chomping cigars and laughing over hacks we were using to steal money. If you have a fundamental dislike of software pinging a server for any reason, fine. If you're trying to imply that we were up to no good, you're sadly mistaken.
Now if you'll excuse me, the black helicopter just parked outside. Gotta run! :)
*EDIT*: [Here's a refresher for those who want to know what happened.](
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:25:42
What happens if the HW wallet maker goes out of business and your HW breaks? If your computer can compile C++11 and run Python 2.7, any computer can (theoretically) be a HW wallet with Armory.
Also, recovery options may be limited if something goes wrong with your HW wallet. Armory gives you multiple recovery options, digital and paper. If you're really paranoid, you can do, say, an 8-of-12 wallet where you keep two pieces in a safe in your home, send two to Mom &amp; Dad, put three in a safe deposit box, and send the remaining five to friends. Your parents and friends can't conspire to steal your money, and unless they plan to do some safecracking, they can't easily get the remaining necessary pieces.
@_date: 2016-02-04 01:50:52
Pretty much. Unless you have millions of dollars to throw at the operation, along with a really cheap source of many megawatts worth of electricity, you're going to lose money.
That being said, [here's some info on BitLicenses and mining]( Take it for what it's worth.
@_date: 2016-02-26 22:31:19
Nice! Totally compatible (AFAIK) with Confidential Transactions too. Seriously cool stuff. Looking forward to reading the code a little later.
Congrats to the Zcash team (they probably deserve most of the credit) and to Greg &amp; Pieter. It's great to see ZK systems starting to find new uses. Early but exciting days.
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:19:46
If the industry is standardizing, that's good. I certainly don't want to knock people for going with solutions that (theoretically) work well out of the box. (Armory has a learning curve, to say the least!) Still, I like the idea of being able to buy a Raspberry Pi and turn it into a cold storage wallet. It's cheaper than a HW wallet, although it does require more tinkering along the way.
tl;dr - I don't blame people for going with HW or wanting a plug-and-play solution. I'm just saying that Armory's flexible enough to run on a lot of platforms without relying on a specific OS, or even processor type.
@_date: 2016-02-03 05:50:12
Well, that guy is one of the few exceptions to the rule that blind anger can't sustain one's actions for long periods of time. :)
@_date: 2016-02-26 23:04:50
ZeroCash is different, although the work here (probably) uses some of the ZeroCash concepts.
@_date: 2016-02-04 00:17:03


FWIW, my daily driver is the most up-to-date of the version of 0.94 that was on Github before it got pulled last summer. It still has a couple of serious bugs and a couple of minor ones I've encountered, and my first attempt to port the low-S patch didn't quite work (never got around to fixing it thanks to a workaround), but it's a fine little piece of software. The DB shrinkage alone is something Armory fans can look forward to once Farhod gets his code off the ground.
@_date: 2016-02-10 19:14:28
Jeff did say that 3-6 months is his preferred timeframe for a blocksize increase. That said, "consensus" for 28 days did seem a bit weird. I mean, I'm not opposed to it for high-priority forks. I'm just saying it's not a discussion the larger community seems to have had yet. (Then again, if things are that dire, I'd hope that the devs would ignore the peanut gallery and put together something that works ASAP.)
@_date: 2016-02-06 00:24:57
Seconding what Greg said. Basically, everything at the Media Lab is privately funded. I'm not exactly sure what MIT gets out of the deal, but hey, that's the deal.
@_date: 2016-02-19 02:07:13


Just FYI, hard drives, even fast ones, tend to not like Core. SSDs are a much better choice. :) Fortunately, prices keep falling, so keeping up with the blockchain isn't that big a deal if you're willing to spend $100 or so every few years (or a bit more for a larger drive if you want to put other things on the drive).
@_date: 2016-02-28 20:04:30
Oh yeah, I'm well aware that some of the people using Bitcoin are...special, to be euphemistic.
@_date: 2016-02-04 20:53:02
You can't use a blockchain explorer. The initial payment is a simple multisig Tx and doesn't have any special qualities. Everything else is off the blockchain until it's time to cash out.
That said, you can't update the state without both parties agreeing to it. Ergo, it's impossible for the other party to claim they didn't receive any updates (unless, of course, your connection goes down or whatever).
@_date: 2016-02-20 20:34:23
[I'm sure Venezuela is a great choice....](
@_date: 2016-02-06 07:44:38
Peter Todd [mentioned]( that there should be research coming out soon that proves the existence of paid shills. That was three months ago, though, so I don't know the current status, who's doing the research (not Peter, and he wouldn't say who), etc.
That being said, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if there are paid shills running around. The Bitcoin realm has always been full of scammers and people who'll do anything to hustle for a ~~dollar~~Satoshi. I'm not supposed to believe at least a few people in a multi-billion dollar industry are using intimidation and third world-esque tactics to try to influence public opinion? I seem to recall at least one of Mircea Popescu's trolls admitting that he is (was?) paid by Mircea to spout nonsense all day. (Wish I could find the link. It's over at Bitcointalk in one of the 50,000 threads about the blocksize debate.) I'm sure there are more out there who are smart enough to keep their mouths shut.
(Yes, I know there are people who genuinely object to the current state of affairs. I also know there have been some people playing dirty tricks on fork users. It's just a shame that they're all drowned out by tinfoil hat wackadoodles and fifth-rate Guy Fawkes wannabes who spout rhetoric that'd be embarrassing for a teen to spout.)
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:27:14
I hear Steve will be happy so long as the codebase is set up such that it won't be at risk of obsolescence anytime soon. :P (Yeah, Steve knows Py 2.7 will live 'til 2020 at least. Better to get away sooner rather than later!)
@_date: 2016-02-19 07:45:25
Old link. Please don't use this one. :) The goatpig link is, for now, the best link to use. I believe a new website is in the works.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:49:35


We knew it was harmless and foolishly didn't stop to think that some sort of opt-out/opt-in option should be included, perhaps along with some sort of announcement before the code was merged in. Engineers do these kinds of things all the time. They don't always stop to think how their changes will be perceived by the public. True malice is very rare, and unintentional malice isn't that much more common.
Besides, Armory's open source. You might have a point if it was closed source. People can look at the code. (Python + Github = Pretty easy reviews.) Hell, you can still review it if you want. As is, we got spanked in public and learned our lesson.
@_date: 2016-02-26 22:59:17
Most likely. There may be some use case I'm not thinking of that would still require escrow. AFAIK, though, this would remove the need for escrow for digital goods.
Here's another way of looking at it. I can give you information that proves that I know something without giving you that information. I can also set it up such that, with a bit of extra information, you can get the information you originally wanted. What happened here was that, in order for the seller to get the buyer's money, the seller has to provide the extra information to the buyer. The info has to go on the blockchain as part of the signature. Once it does, the buyer has the info needed to retrieve the goods (and can verify that it's correct), and the seller gets their coins. However, if the seller flakes within X time and doesn't provide the extra info, the buyer can get their money back, minus network fees. For basic purposes of understanding, it's a simplified version of what the Lightning network will do once it's operational.
@_date: 2016-02-19 21:31:37
Meh. It's better than nothing. Portland doesn't have an awful lot of people who understand Bitcoin, and most of those who do are busy working at their day jobs. If this class gets a few more people to understand the basic concepts, that's a good thing.
@_date: 2016-02-24 17:57:07
And here I was, [thinking the sunshine would stick around today.](
@_date: 2016-02-09 21:58:51
I think the OP's referring to the tendency of people outside to refer to this place as due to Theymos's perceived heavy-handed moderation and, in some cases, the belief that Blockstream is pulling all the strings behind the scenes.
That being said, I think it is beyond ridiculous to compare moderation to North Korea. But hey, teens and the emotionally stunted love their theatrics, I guess.
@_date: 2016-02-05 01:39:35
Lightning isn't a sidechain. That's a different concept. You can use a block explorer on a sidechain, although you'll have to rewrite the block explorer to match the rules of the sidechain. I think there's one for Blockstream's Alpha sidechain. Last I checked, it didn't work very well, but the basic idea was sound.
@_date: 2016-02-03 23:28:00
Trust me, I know just how paranoid Armory users can be. :) I wholeheartedly encourage a healthy level of paranoia. I just think it's a bit ridiculous to say that "all" trust was lost because a simple mistake was made. Alan [thought about the problem]( He just didn't go far enough.
@_date: 2016-02-09 21:59:56
I see votes here all the time, after 12 hours or so.
@_date: 2016-09-02 00:35:18
The OP might be right. I'm guessing but I would think that Scaling Bitcoin will put a bit of pressure on people to get things ready by then. Yes, I'd rather have good code than have an arbitrary deadline met. I'm just saying that it'd look good to say that deployment has started once the conference has started. :) Hopefully things will be done by then and we can get going on rolling out all the relevant changes needed elsewhere in the ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-11-05 00:49:47
[He supposedly has at least 82 BTC left]( Can he access the coins? I don't know. As much as people love to shit on Mike (and yeah, let's be honest, it is a bit fun), this address is from 2009, when people didn't mind losing coins. He may very well have lost the relevant key.
@_date: 2018-11-01 00:32:47
I'd suggest working on a project as a motivation for learning Python. Even if the idea is simple and has been covered before, there's nothing quite like diving in and doing something in order to learn it. :) That and it'll show initiative.
@_date: 2016-09-12 23:59:33
Ummm, Bitcoin can't be Burning Man money, as commodity is technically disallowed (other than ice and something else, I think). :) Granted, people have found all kinds of ways to get around this, but most of them don't involve people accepting Bitcoin. Data access can also be tricky out there unless you know the right people, although mobile data seems to have been a bit more common this year. (Probably some sort of mass Stingray usage along the way, judging by how the BLM now searches all mail for drugs, but anyway....)
@_date: 2019-01-14 23:54:21
I wonder if this is why btc.com's testnet block explorer is down. Political considerations aside, it was really useful when doing development because it actually acknowledged things like TX weight and virtual size. :/ Anybody know of any other testnet explorers out there that can do this? I'm still hoping to put one together later this year (personal project) but it'd be nice to have something in the meantime.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:31:43
Hal knew a couple of days after it was released that one million coins would magically get mined by him and not by others? I guess FutureHal made like Biff Tannen and paid PresentHal a visit....
@_date: 2019-01-29 19:58:15
AFAIK, you owe tax once you cash out. If you spend $10K on bitcoins and get $25K once you convert them to Randocoin and cash out, you owe taxes on the $15K profit. There may be some nuances but that's my basic understanding.
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:24:01
Yep. Minor contributor here (been awhile but I'm getting back to it) but I'm definitely not working on 2X if it somehow becomes the dominant chain. If others want to step in, that's their business, but I'm also not aware of anyone eager to work on 2X. If the exploding clown car that is Bitcoin Unlimited is any indication, any replacements won't exactly inspire confidence. (When I dumped my bcash coins, BU crashed multiple times along the way. Unreliable client + Unreliable network + ??? = Profit???)
@_date: 2017-09-22 00:46:00
Yep. New database underneath the hood. Just ride it out.
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:13:45
Have you installed Bitcoin Core and fully synched the blockchain? You need to do that first. Also, which version of Armory do you have?
@_date: 2016-10-20 21:30:01


While I'll be the first to admit that Core still has a long way to go, [there is public-facing communication]( There are [other]( [resources]( [too]( not to mention IRC, Slack, etc. Things are getting better, I assure you!
As for the art of being in charge when not in charge (to steal a page from Bruce Lee), well, somebody's gonna pick up the Core baton. That person sets the agenda. If enough people are dissatisfied, people will walk. It's really that simple. So far, a few people have walked but most haven't. Over time, I'm sure more will walk. When? Who knows. I think it'll be awhile yet before Core is no longer the dominant implementation, although it may take some political maneuvering to keep it in place for awhile. (Who will maneuver? Who knows. Besides, like it or not, some personality types, like Roger's, will push for political action. It's inevitable.)
@_date: 2016-10-20 21:36:06


Segnet was [open to anyone who wanted to test it]( There was [even a block explorer]( although it's gone now. It's quite possible to be public and not be on testnet. Hell, I think it's admirable, considering how testnet can be a dumpster fire thanks to any number of reasons (forks, idiot miners jacking up the difficulty such that it takes a long time to get a Tx confirmation, etc.).
@_date: 2016-10-20 23:31:04
No. Even if you could, a dirty little secret of a lot of these modules is that, despite what the spec sheets might infer, they're horrendously slow. They're just wrapped up in a tightly controlled package, that's all.
As for Thales, I know [Gem]( made some noise a couple of years ago about interfacing with HSMs. I don't know the exact nature of what they had in mind, or if whatever solution they created managed to survive their recent pivot.
@_date: 2016-10-31 16:32:01
A nice thought but highly unlikely. On top of the SegWit silliness and drama queens who'll inevitably demand to hold up Schnorr in order to force a hard fork, people are going to want to thoroughly review the Schnorr code in libsecp256k1. (I *think* all the necessary code is already there, although Core might have to pull down some updated code or update the API, or whatever. At least Pieter &amp; Greg have good track records with libsecp256k1 and the separate, constant-time AES library that was recently added to Core.) I believe there was also talk by Pieter in Milan of putting out a Schnorr standard for review? On top of all that, having an actual PR to review would be nice too. :) Even if one came out today, the requirements of review and (uggh) politics would probably cause it to not be pulled into 0.14.
Luke's probably right. 0.15.1 or 0.16.1 sounds right, although I'd obviously hope for the former.
@_date: 2016-10-17 16:49:56
Yeah, I knew he was a bit of a rube before he decided to troll the dev list. Watching him try desperately to redirect the conversation was hilarious. I'd love to see him try some of his antics in an actual office.
"Okay, it looks like we're just about ready to ship the upgrade to our customer...."
"**WAIT! I HAVE THIS WACKY NEW FEATURE THAT THE CUSTOMER WILL LOVE! I'VE SPENT THE PAST MONTH CODING IT ON MY OFF HOURS!!**"
"Ummm, you're basically doing a weird variation of what the customer agreed to a year ago. If you felt that the solution was bad, you should've said something back then. Even if we were crazy enough to try to turn the ship at the very last minute, you're talking about something you hacked together in your free time vs. a feature that has been properly spec'd out, coded by multiple people, and tested by QA. Does this thing even work with the current version the customer has!?!"
"**HEY, IF YOU GUYS HAD HELPED ME, IT WOULD'VE BEEN READY BY NOW!!**"
"... See me in my office in 15."
"**GREAT! SO WE'RE GONNA USE MY FEATURE?**"
"Ummm...yeah, we totally are. Way to convince me, champ. By the way, you may want to bring your [stapler]( if you want to see it again after today."
@_date: 2016-10-06 20:21:01
Agreed. Good things do come to those who wait. I'd rather see a solid, standardized Lightning in 6-12 months than something rushed out the door.
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:39:34
Assuming I understand things correctly - and I could be very wrong - it's theoretically possible to do a SegWit-like soft fork, where you basically just shove some data off to a different set of blocks and make the "base" transactions ANYONECANSPEND in the eyes of older nodes. (This drastically simplifies things but that's the gist.) If I am wrong, you could definitely do this in a sidechain.
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:29:29
It's tribal behavior 101. For a lot of people, if somebody's willing to support your pet cause, you'll look past an awful lot of things. Worse yet, the small vs. big block debate has basically become a battle about identity. Just look at the U.S. presidential election. People twist themselves into grotesque knots in order to look past a candidate's abhorrent behavior simply because said candidate represents whatever people want to believe in. Tom's a big blocker, so a lot of the loudmouths will gladly accept him; he's doing battle against the devil they perceive to be Greg/Adam/Core/Blockstream/random-bogeyman-of-the-day.
@_date: 2016-10-31 18:17:10
Just curious, why run 0.93.3? [There is a newer version out](
That being said, if you need to run 0.93.3 for some reason, any version of Core should work fine (although 0.13.1 could be weird due to SegWit if/when it activates). No need to hold back.
@_date: 2016-10-31 20:57:18
Which version of Armory are you running? If you're still running the old "ATI" version (0.93.3), you really ought to update to the new, [community-led version]( You'll have to manually delete the Armory DB but that alone will free up ~90GB. With that, you can resync and see if any damage is permanent. Post [here]( if you have any Qs.
Good luck!
@_date: 2015-11-18 07:49:28
Seconded. I've interacted with Pieter a couple of times and found him to be a razor sharp guy who's also friendly and willing to make suggestions for a small project I'm working on. I've been loosely following libsecp256k1 development for about a year and have been really impressed with what I've seen. (Granted, some of the math goes way over my head, otherwise I'd have been commenting more on PRs and such.) Greg &amp; Pieter have gone out of their way to create an excellent codebase that can be cleanly and predictably deployed in many environments. I'd like a little more documentation for some of the tricks they've deployed - and a year or two of grad-level math classes - but that's just me. :) The people complaining about this being "homegrown crypto" are well-meaning but misguided at best and completely clueless or outright trolling at worst.
@_date: 2016-10-05 22:45:37
Congrats, guys! Glad to see that Lightning is slowly but surely making progress. :) Just curious, any rough ETA on when this will be made available for mainnet? I know it relies on SegWit, and some more polish and maybe routing work is needed before real coins are used.
@_date: 2016-10-20 00:19:39
IIRC, Core nodes will, by default, clear out transactions that are 72 hours old. So basically, you either have to hope you get lucky, hope the sender can use replace-by-fee (I'm guessing they can't), or wait three days and try again.
@_date: 2016-10-03 03:27:25
On top of what others have said, just stop and think about how part of a proposed standard was arbitrarily removed, without advance public notification (AFAIK), simply because an alternate implementation (BU) didn't match the standard. Apparently, $500K buys you the right to arbitrarily rewrite certain proposals with zero public input.
@_date: 2016-10-20 00:14:25
That's not how hashing works. Change one input bit, and the hash output drastically changes. Ideally, yes, the hash would include as many transactions as possible. Alas, that's not how it works.
@_date: 2016-10-20 00:21:19
Because blocks don't have to have transactions. Simple as that. All miners care about is getting their coins. If they can get fees on top of the block reward, cool, but there are far more coins as part of the block reward than there are as fees. So, there's zero incentive to sit on an empty-but-valid block simply because there are no transactions.
@_date: 2016-10-04 00:00:00
Considering that 15% is quite a bit less than 30-35% (the maximum that Classic had at one point), it sounds like the pressure is actually letting up. :) Granted, this was from when people were paying for all those phony VM nodes, most of which disappeared overnight. (What, fighting for the soul of Bitcoin isn't worth rolling up one's sleeves and learning a little about AWS, or buying a Raspberry Pi and running XClassUnlimiT at home?) 10-15% is about what Classic got to before all the VM goofiness started. So, the "pressure" sounds to me like standard chest-puffing histrionics.
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:14:02
That's an old version. [Here's the latest, and always updated, version.]( I believe it's still accurate. I mentioned to Rusty a couple of days ago that I planned to go over the doc and look for any typos and such. He said to go for it.
@_date: 2015-11-26 03:35:44
Which version of Armory are you running?
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:38:03
It's yet another conspiracy theory making the rounds. Maybe it's true, maybe it's not. Personally, I don't care. It's a fascinating technology.
@_date: 2015-11-16 10:02:15
You can store the database files (and Core's files too) on an external drive by executing Armory (and, if desired, Core) from the command line and using the right options. I forget what they are offhand but there should be tutorials over at Armory's subforum on Bitcointalk.
@_date: 2015-11-23 04:09:39
"I thought it would be ready to deploy by now, especially considering the money spent."
??? I don't think much money has been spent on actual Lightning development yet. Joseph &amp; Tadge have been working on the idea in their free time for the past 2-3 years. Rusty's being paid by Blockstream for an experimental implementation. I've heard of another implementation or two being worked on but I don't know if they're volunteer projects.
The upshot is that Lightning is still nowhere near ready for primetime. As Rusty's recent post mentioned, there are still a lot of gaps to be filled. I'd be surprised if there's anything handling mainnet coins next year other than perhaps for devs. I'm not counting on anything being ready for primetime before 2017. I'd love to be proven wrong, though. :)
As for Vanillacoin, I'm not familiar with the specifics; the pages I read were heavy on buzzwords and a bit light on details. So, I'm reluctant to make any comments.
@_date: 2015-11-23 21:24:49
It's a bit of both, I'd argue. I prefer the original whitepaper but it doesn't yet reflect some of the realities Rusty has been hitting. Rusty's paper covers his ideas, some of which are being debated. Both papers haven't been updated yet to cover things like Segregated Witness. I believe this will happen sooner or later.
By the way, for those who are interested, the whitepaper repo [is here]( and reflects the latest version. Rusty's paper is at BtcDrak's link.
@_date: 2016-05-02 19:34:28
He could've listened to a [Prince record]( and saved himself an awful lot of hassle. :)
@_date: 2016-10-03 23:11:13


It also shows that Classic is dropping at roughly the same rate that Unlimited is gaining ground. In other words, some of the people running Classic are switching to Unlimited, presumably because Classic's bid failed, or because they're buying into Roger's pump, or both.


It's been 14 months since the first BIP 101-supporting XT release came out. Seems to me that, if full node runners truly wanted big blocks - and this was the only metric to use when determining if a HF is safe - alterna-node usage wouldn't be stuck at ~15% right now.
@_date: 2016-10-31 20:08:37
Friendly reminder from someone who has worked at companies large and small: Titles don't mean squat, especially at startups. In a startup, the CTO is usually the first person who can figure out how to compile code and get it on Github. In a megacorp, it's the person who's best at playing the political game. Sure, there are some brilliant CTOs out there, much like there are brilliant chefs, musicians, painters, etc. There are also loads of middling and crappy ones.
In any event, if this person claims they don't want to be doxxed, they're probably not a CTO, at least of a company I'd consider to be legit. :) Besides, if this guy's arguments are so good, they'll truly catch on, and he'll defend them in a manner that can change minds.
@_date: 2016-05-13 00:36:02
Bummer. I liked Spondoolies. Good products that ran reasonably well, and usually at a good price. They will be missed.
@_date: 2016-05-02 19:09:36
Yep. Standard cult of personality fare that scammers use. It's obvious to me that he's trying to make money off of this one way or another (consulting, conference appearances, etc.). That and, as much as I enjoy mocking the wackadoodles for buying into any and all conspiracies supposedly involving Blockstream, I'm *really* fighting to not believe that this is a false flag op of some sorts. It's all a bit too professional and stage-managed. (That said, I'd be far more inclined to believe it's somebody with a lot of money who's out to get the Core team, and not some three-letter agency. Surely the NSA could come up with slicker "proof" than what Craig offered.)
@_date: 2015-11-23 21:11:07
I can vouch for Rusty's warm attitude. After a long delay, I finally got serious about Lightning research/development a couple of months ago. Rusty's been really nice and has encouraged me to find Lightning-related work wherever I can. In fact, everybody I've talked to about Lightning has been quite nice and eager to see more people get involved. Hopefully this will keep up as developers continue to contemplate how to get this sucker off the ground.
There's just one small caveat for developers. AFAIK, Rusty's repo is more cathedral than bazaar (i.e., he's not too interested in outside patches). My guess - and I could easily be wrong - is that the repo is meant to be his personal playground, albeit one where we're welcome to watch, review, tinker with cloned repos (and maybe submit patches if they're significant and discussed with Rusty first), etc. I'm not knocking anybody. I'm just explaining things as I understand them in case anybody wants to start submitting patches for typos and other minutiae.
Oh, and good job with the minority outreach, Rusty! It'd be really cool to see what some fresh faces can bring to the party.
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:22:25
This is a pretty good analogy. The blockchain is there when it's needed. As long as people play nice, it's only needed when people put coins into the network or cash out. If something goes wrong, some transactions can be sent out on the blockchain that adjudicate the agreement between X &amp; Y (or even nodes between X &amp; Y), penalize bad actors, etc. Once you let the concept settle in, it's pretty simple, even if some of the details are a bit ugly.
@_date: 2015-11-28 19:09:48
[Mental note: When you've bookmarked your 20th link to a  talk, it's time to hang out more in the channel.]( :)
@_date: 2016-05-05 16:34:29
Analogy time: Awhile back, I encountered several men accused of varying degrees of sexual assault by quite a few women I knew. It was an ugly period as my friends tried to figure out how to deal with these men, despite at least a couple of them having long had a reputation of being flat out predators. When confronted, they always had a story, always had an excuse, always had a sob story they could fall back on, and always had tears they could fall back on if all else failed. They never could directly refute the accusations, just duck and dodge 'til people gave up. Quite a few people finally believed the women, but to this day, you can still find plenty of people (men and women) who, even when presented with evidence of wrongdoing, will swear up and down that X is/was a good guy. ("It was a misunderstanding." "There's no way that could've gone down!" "X has always done nice things for me, like buy me hundreds of dollars worth of expensive computer gear. I can't imagine he'd rape someone!")
The moral of the story? Some people will always have a sob story, and even they might believe it if they're crazy enough. Craig is not Satoshi, full stop. At best, he had some sort of access to Satoshi, or maybe - just maybe - was somehow involved in the original project and thought he could pull together enough evidence to make a reasonable claim. At worst, he's a delusional con artist who cooked up a scheme and was able to make it sound reasonable enough to sow seeds of doubt in enough minds that we'll still be cursing his name years from now.
In any event, until I see a verifiably recent message signed with the genesis key or perhaps the Block 9 key (and even then, the circumstances might not be enough to fully convince me), I'm not believing any claims anybody makes. I hope all of you feel the same way.
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:04:27
I'd imagine so, albeit for boring things, such as:
* Proprietary business info (e.g., income).
* Proprietary hardware that Blockstream may be using for various projects. If Blockstream's software is interfacing with specialized SW/HW that's business-facing or otherwise unavailable to the public, they may be subject to NDAs regarding the APIs and related software.
Of course, I could be totally wrong about all of this. :)
@_date: 2015-11-28 18:32:01
Ah, cool. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-05-05 01:44:31
Fair warning: You're going to be sitting on that money for at least a few months unless you have a really good loan officer, or rely on trickery. You have to explain all the money in your bank account up to ~4 months prior to approaching the bank and explain where it all came from. Bitcoin sale? Most of them won't dare touch it. The loophole is to send the money to somebody you trust and have them send it right back, along with a letter stating that it's a gift. (It's basically legalized money laundering.) That or wait 'til the deadline for explaining your income has passed.
That said, congrats, and good luck!
@_date: 2017-05-01 08:50:01
Don't forget the time he [blamed Greg for lots of people dying](
@_date: 2016-05-05 00:34:03
Like Greg said, there are plenty that still believe Craig. I guarantee you he could leverage what he has now into reasonably lucrative speaking gigs, consulting, loans for projects, etc. on top of the tax business. If he really does have more long-winded "evidence" to pump out, he has even more ways to duck, dodge and weave if people ask questions. There's plenty to gain when you're reasonably charismatic and have enough booksmarts to construct things that look solid at a glance but don't hold up on closer examination. The more you throw up and can handwave away when you're questioned, the harder it is to truly lose your reputation. Great work if you can get it and still look yourself in the mirror!
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:00:26


Interesting. I hadn't heard about that. I'd love to read it and compare it to that [anonymous hit piece masquerading as an academic paper]( that came out around the time word was spreading that Craig was planning a media blitz.
@_date: 2015-11-28 02:41:59
"Invert on-the-fly: (...) For example, this is the approach taken by Bitcoin’s libsecp256k1. Scalar multiplication function secp256k1_ecmult in src/ecmult_impl.h calls macro ECMULT_TABLE_GET_GE which, in the case of a negative digit, calls secp256k1_ge_neg in src/group_impl.h to negate the point operand. The advantage to this approach is that it requires marginal additional storage overhead, and the disadvantage is that the algorithm will eventually end up inverting the same point more than once — duplicating a previously computed value."
"While all of the above approaches have potential side-channel issues, *we focus on the last approach* since OpenSSL implements it."
It's quite possible that there is some sort of degradation attack that can be applied to libsecp256k1; I haven't dived deeply enough into the paper to know one way or another. That said, libsecp256k1 has several protections not in OpenSSL. I'd imagine Pieter &amp; Greg will look into solutions for this particular paper, assuming they consider it to be a problem at all.
@_date: 2015-11-23 04:11:25
On top of the video of Greg explaining the idea, [this thread]( discusses some of the nuts &amp; bolts. The upshot is that more details of the implementation in Bitcoin will be out in a couple of weeks.
@_date: 2016-05-03 18:42:55
This. The best scammers know to mix truth with their lies. That and knowing how to come across as sincere. I've dealt with people who were rotten to the core but fooled plenty of people into thinking they had hearts of gold.
Anyway, it's entirely possible Craig had some sort of connection, direct or indirect, to Satoshi and has enough knowhow to fool people who aren't looking closely enough. I'll be really, really curious to see which "early coins" get moved. ("Hey guyz, I moved some from block 40,000. **I IZ SATOSHI!!!1!**") The fact that he can't make like Charlie Lee and sign from the genesis block just reeks of smoke-and-mirrors.
@_date: 2017-05-05 05:59:42
Yep. I know several people who have had to use it because they couldn't make their down payment otherwise.
@_date: 2016-05-03 19:28:33


That and Satoshi may have wanted to see what happened once the code was released into the wild. I seem to recall that he released two more versions within the first week or so due to net code bugs. Why not give people a chance to mine some coins? They were essentially valueless at the time, meaning in-the-wild testing was probably far more valuable at the time.
(Before someone asks, yes, it's reasonable to assume that Satoshi had a private network he used for testing purposes in 2008, as evidenced by [the pre-release code]( While handy, private networks aren't the same as the Internet.)
@_date: 2019-05-25 16:13:19
You might be thinking of the time one of his droids accused Greg of being responsible for the deaths of African children due to SegWit or some such bizarro nonsense. I think it was from a Swedish Pirate Party member who's also an MEP? In any event, for a group of people who specialize in low blows, it was definitely one of the lowest blows, if not the lowest.
The shouting was from an interview with Roger where the interviewer referred to Bcash. That was enough to cause Roger to flip off the camera and halt the interview. Classy.
@_date: 2016-05-15 03:02:25
Graph looks pretty standard to me. Pieter's BIP 66 fix took six months to roll out. I think BIP 65 took about a month to roll out. BIP 68/112/113 support has only been seen since last Tuesday or so. I'd imagine a vast majority of miners are waiting a bit longer before upgrading, especially knowing that SegWit is right around the corner.
That being said, it's possible some miners will hold out for something. The question is whether or not there are enough of them to block this before the miners get what they want. I have no idea if any of this is happening.
@_date: 2016-07-20 23:17:00
Plenty of people in China have fast Internet connections. It's the Great Firewall that messes things up when data is sent outside the country.
@_date: 2016-05-02 18:40:39
Thanks, Andreas. Sticking by your principles like that was pretty awesome. :) That and, you know, being able to (mostly) avoid this ridiculous debacle, which is fantastic all by itself.
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:02:24
People in Core [rolled their own crypto years ago]( It's been in use for ~4 years at this point (~3 if you want to get strict about OpenSSL being totally removed from the consensus equation). I didn't review the [RNG PR]( but it was thoroughly reviewed by plenty of people who know what they're talking about, not to mention written by the same people who wrote libsecp256k1. I'm not worried about the change. Anybody who is worried is welcome to point out the glaring errors that Pieter made. :)
@_date: 2016-10-29 19:10:00
Pretty much. zk-SNARKs are, in a vacuum, pretty amazing technology. With more research, I'm sure somebody can come up with a method that doesn't require a lot of space. Until then, they're not worth the trouble, not to mention the fact that the library would have to be relatively mature (not true just yet, as there have been major bugs found in what's out there right now), people would have to understand what's going on in order to trust it (zk-SNARKs can be difficult to describe, even at an abstract level), etc. The closest we've come to something useful is [ZKCPs]( They're really interesting and [could find their way into the Core wallet eventually]( They're also not quite the same thing.
@_date: 2016-07-13 17:37:24
I can only assume that it'll be relevant down the road. Looks like a page Elliot would've made when he was in middle school or high school. But, who knows. The wild-eyed conspiracy theorist in me wants to believe this will somehow tie into Whiterose's business dealings, which I suspect are quite significant if a fireside chat with E Corp's CEO is a normal thing.
@_date: 2019-05-03 17:29:34
I think the bigger reason why devs want to get away from OpenSSL is [BIP 66]( which was inspired by Pieter doing a deep dive in OpenSSL and discovering a consensus-splitting bug. (Brave man. OpenSSL was written by sadistic bastards.) Once the BIP was fully enforced, the reason for the BIP was disclosed. That further encouraged development of libscp256k1, so that there would be a sane, modern library for consensus-critical crypto.
(Side note: OpenSSL itself was meant to be a replacement for Crypto++, which I believe was used in the first versions of Core. Crypto++ is getting a bit of love these days but was basically dead when it was added to Core. So basically, the devs have been trying to move to something safe that they can more easily understand. libsecp256k1 has a bit of undocumented (outside of IRC) under-the-hood magic. It's still much easier to understand than OpenSSL.)