@_author: dj__mick
@_date: 2018-12-23 18:11:13
What you should really do is not just ignore the market and buy bitcoin, but hedge your bets by investing in inverse ETFs, or value stores which counter the market such as gold.
Some people seem to think that bitcoin is an example of something which counters the market. I hear a lot of people saying bitcoin will rally again when the market crashes. I understand a lot of people want to believe that's the case, and it very well may be, but I don't think we have enough evidence of this. Bitcoin wasn't really worth anything until 2012. We have a long long history we can refer to at any time of inverse ETFs and real stores of value proving to counter the market. Go look up the history of any ProShares inverse ETF. Look at it during 2008/9.
Bitcoin's biggest "rally" did not counter the market. In fact bitcoin performed its best in the midst of the market's all-time high. 
But then again there's the argument "But look at Venezuela! When their market crashed bitcoin soared!" Well... I don't think our situation is nearly as bad as Venezuela. They have much bigger problems. In the US, I don't think there is any correlation between bitcoin and the S&amp;P 500.
I think the answer is simple. Bitcoin is not a real store of value yet. Sure, it "works," but it's incredibly inaccessible to the average buyer, and there is SO MUCH fraud associated with bitcoin. Mt. Gox, BCash, Bitconnect, all the ICOs, all the pump and dumps, all the shitcoins, all the shady exchanges... You have to understand why this is unappealing to investors looking for a reliable store of value. 
Yes, overall, bitcoin has grown rapidly in the past 6 years. That does not mean it is a reliable store of value during times of economic peril, when your funds are limited and you cannot afford to gamble. Most people are looking for *safe* investments.
Bitcoin is high risk, and if you're not an experienced investor, it's unwise to invest a lot of money in bitcoin when there is extreme volatility in the market.