@_author: djangobaltar
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:28:10
Plan A. "bits" is generic and boring, but that's OK: an official but boring name helps to unfetter the ecosystem so it is (more) free to develop unofficial names (like "bucks" or whatever) organically, without concern for the official standards. 
It is true that "a small-valued unit may cause Bitcoin to be perceived as a joke currency." But there's an irony here that in the long run, works in bitcoin's favor: Small valued units tend to be the result of inflation of a fiat currency spiraling out of control. People associate small valued units with rising prices. Historically, they would be correct to do so. But as bitcoin gains acceptance, people will see prices (in bitcoin) fall, thereby defying their expectations. People will come to associate (correctly) falling prices with bitcoin becoming more and more "real" and it will help drive home the point that they ain't dealing with their grandparents' currency anymore.
@_date: 2014-10-28 22:03:28
Changing the meaning of "1 bitcoin" would cause unnecessary confusion. It's not such a great name when you think about it: "coin" implies indivisibility, for one thing. It should become something for the history books.
@_date: 2014-10-28 06:46:54
TowerOfOne is right: the only reason I ever ask a question like the OP's is because I'm a salesman, I'm invested in bitcoin and I am looking to protect my investment. Indeed, I have noted that for every hour I spend evangelizing crypto technology to 20-something hipsters -- especially the techno nerdy ones -- I can boost the bitcoin price by as much as one or two cents for, like, 15 minutes, maybe 20. Hey, did any of you guys notice the price spike from 351.12 to 352.01 at 9 am today? That was all me, baby. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 07:05:13
No, they got laughed at because the employees thought they knew more about bitcoin than the OP.
@_date: 2014-10-28 18:30:18
multiscrow? 
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:08:37
newsBTC (or Yashu Gola, author of story) took the "story" down so the above link doesn't work anymore, but then put the same one back up today, Christmas day:
Same story, same foul-smelling odor of SCAM. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 04:02:33
I once respected newsBTC for being a place to get relevant bitcoin news packed into short articles that I could read quickly. Now they have at the top of their frontpage an "article" that reads like an advertisement for a bitcoin buying service that has all the appearances of a scam. I posted this comment about 12 hours ago (right after comments by "Louney" and "King"):
"It speaks poorly to the newsBTC brand to have a "story" like this on the top of the front page -- or anywhere at all for that matter. Legit or not, the old newsBTC would have demonstrated a healthy degree of skepticism to what appears on the surface to be a textbook bitcoin scam, and I see no such skepticism here."
That comment has now been deleted. (Luckily I still had the page cached so I know exactly how I worded it.) I just now submitted the following comment:
"I posted earlier that this article speaks reflects very poorly on the newsBTC brand, which I once respected. That post has been deleted. That reflects even MORE POORLY on newsBTC.
This is a topic for reddit.
btw Michelle: the proper wording is "Do better research," not "Do a better research." (Sorry for being overly critical; I know proper use of a, an and the can be extremely difficult for BOTS and SCAMMERS ... )"
We, the bitcoin community, need to call out "news" services when they appear to be blatantly shilling for scammers. I don't KNOW that the service advertised by this article is a scam ... all I know is that it looks like one, and newsBTC is acting shamefully to 1) publish this article and 2) delete my initial comment.
I call upon newsBTC to explain how and why they ever published an "article" like this one. 
We'll see how long my second comment lasts.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:37:08
The point I was making is that he was not being a salesman. Evangelist, yes (presumably). Salesman, no. 
Admittedly, evangelists can be annoying, just like salesmen can be annoying. But calling him a salesman implies that signing up one more business to accept bitcoin would actually earn him money. You could argue that it would boost the value of his bitcoin investment, but it would be a specious argument. You are trying to malign the OP through mischaracterization of his underlying motivation.
@_date: 2017-03-14 20:25:28
Roger wants to prove to the world that bitcoin's Achilles' heel is misguidance due to misunderstanding of economic principles, and that he, Bitcoin Jesus, is its first and best champion. Peter wants to prove to the world that bitcoin's Achilles' heel is misguidance due to misunderstanding of technical issues, i.e. coding/programming. On this count: Peter 1, Roger 0.