@_author: djchii
@_date: 2014-02-11 03:35:43
This whole vote is fascinating to watch.  Bitcoin is supposed to be the currency of the future; built to help to free us from the control of the corrupt banking elites, yet this thread with all of the bots/services being utilized to push up one particular video which isn't that good IMHO stinks worse than some soggy socks I wore for three days backpacking in Europe.  (and they were rank let me tell you)   I hope that the creator pauses to think about their actions (and for what?  a measly $1440 or so dollars?)  humanity has a long way to go if we are truly going to  become free.  plus i'm pretty sure that that survey site is able to be manipulated by a spoofed IP as well.   
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:51:55
Purely speculative theory that has not been a part of the narrative lately: Mt. Gox let their bigger traders trade on margin I believe: 
Depending on how many x their principal Gox allowed, it's also possible that traders got overconfident on BTC's late fall run up to $1300.  Perhaps Gox themselves traded large positions on their own margin and got greedy, expecting it to break past $1300 and when it retracted, didn't have the necessary capital to cover all of the losses which would then be significant.  They might have done this being confident in bitcoin's acceptance and trying to raise capital (albeit grossly irresponsibly) to make up for the $5million that the US government froze of theirs in America.   Then facing a deficit beyond their ability to cover, continued to prop the price up higher than all of the other exchanges, serving to only dig a deeper hole.  When it finally fell down, they closed down withdrawals and tried to claim theft on a scale that simply defies logic (how could someone allegedly pilfer that much money over a two year period from them without their accounting department reporting the deficit?) Do you think Gox gambled with their traders' money and lost?
Then in the realm of conspiracy theory: considering the dominant narrative currently in mainstream media which runs something like "bitcoin is dead, collapse of market spells end of crypto bla bla bla ponzi scheme, needs regulation!"  This might have been a concerted effort on the part of a larger group looking to discredit and disarm this disruptive technology that presents a threat to the status quo of the transnational banking elite.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:27:04
u/cryptocyprus  (can someone with enhancement suite tag them so we are sure Neo &amp; Bee reads this? - I can't on this computer) thanks
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:44:34
I know people are writing to his office.  Does anyone have the contact for the regulators he is addressing in his letter calling for the ban?  It would seem that the bitcoin community should get organized and write to each of them.  Perhaps paraphrasing the form letter responding to the senator in the other threads would be wise, since copy/paste is less impactful.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:21:21
u/cryptocyprus ?
@_date: 2014-02-11 06:28:06
Well- I just wanted to say thanks to everyone who made a video and to Jason Bored for putting the contest together.  It's a pity that the contest went into the gutter like it did.    This kind of thing is what gives cryptos a bad name.   Hope that the good part makes it out and Apple gets the message loud and clear.  Finally- thanks to everyone who donated.  EDIT- btw I did look into easypolls.net and anyone who has the capability to spoof their IP to make a shit ton of Reddit accounts would also be very capable of spoofing their IP to sway that poll.   Don't forget that this is a tech oriented community.   Someone could have easily spent $200 to pay the service listed above to make them two bitcoins in profit.  Don't want to be a conspiracy theorist, but the voting system is in fact easily manipulated.  I for one got a kick out of all the videos.   