@_author: djestrada
@_date: 2014-10-19 15:51:14
Initial fundraising is designed to drive the first round of development, essentially to build a working prototype of the network, with investors reserving coin in the network once it's running. When we have something ready for the public, we're hoping to continue developing in the open, according to open sources standards. We understand that open development is the only way to guarantee the security of our networks. 
@_date: 2014-10-19 21:42:08
Lots of people have been asking: What's wrong with Diaspora?
Nothing is wrong with Diaspora! Their dev community has done a lot of great work, especially in their approach to some difficult technical challenges that decentralized networks face. We also think their policies on anonymity and distribution are admirable. The fact that so many people know about Diaspora is a testament to their success. The Diaspora Foundation have themselves described a desire to collaborate with other decentralized networks on a standard protocol and we think Synereo can contribute to that discussion.
That said, there are a few major differences between Synereo and Diaspora that should be highlighted:
1) Synereo is designed as a framework for managing the attention economy. That means quantifying network reputation with controls for how a message spreads across the network. Diaspora does not provide controls for managing social reputation.
2) Synereo is equipped with an amplification function for another measure of control over who sees your message. These tools are designed to ensure that B2B networking solutions really work. Diaspora is not designed as a B2B solution in any way.
3) Synereo is built with security and encryption tools inherited from the blockchain. Diaspora is decentralized but might still be insecure.
From our perspective, Diaspora is an attempt to decentralize a first generation network, and we're really thinking about the next generation of social networking. We think these differences are important enough to develop Synereo independent of Diaspora, although we will continue looking to their project and code for inspiration.