@_author: djfng3242342
@_date: 2013-01-12 19:25:58
The actual cost to the network is the cost per transaction though. It doesn't cost any more to move a large amount of BTC than it costs to move a small amount. I don't really see that it makes sense for people moving large amounts of BTC around should be forced to subsidize people sending mostly useless spam transactions for 0.00000001 BTC.
@_date: 2013-01-12 18:23:40
It says here still "Unavailable. No plans to enable."  The only way to deposit is via their polish bank account which is similar to a lot of other exchanges. It's a good thing Poland makes it a legal requirement for banks to give an account to anyone who asks for one. 
Anyway the best option for the UK is  it uses uk bank transfers just like intersango did, except you're trading directly with another individual person and depositing into their account. It uses SMS messaging to make sure the sellers are responsive and ready to trade so the process is really fast.. usually under 10min.
Another really good way to go is to do a euro bank transfer to one of the euro exchanges. You can do this directly from your online banking, but your bank will charge around £10 and give you a bad exchange rate. 
A better way is you can use  to do the SEPA euro transfer for you and then it only costs £1. You transfer GBP to transferwise's GBP bank account (free) - and then they send the SEPA transfer to your bitcoin exchange (for a £1 fee) and they give much better GBP to EUR foreign exchange rates. 
This method should work with any exchange that can accept euro SEPA transfers, probably including intersango and mtgox, however the I've only used it with  which works really well.. you go to bitstamp and make a deposit request, they give you the bank account info and then you got to transferwise and make an order to pay bitstamp and then finally you transfer the money from your bank account to pay transferwise. The money should be in your bitstamp account the next day.. although it can take longer.
Another pretty good option is to buy using liqpay and a credit card. Two exchanges currently support liqpay deposits,  and  - there's a tutorial on how to use that here;  basically you register your CC with liqpay and then transfer money to a phone number/liqpay account that belongs to the exchange. This works pretty well and the fees are surprisingly low, btc-e only charges 1%, I think bitcoin-24 is more. In the UK you will also pay your CC's GBPUSD fx rate as well though which makes this slightly less than ideal.. still total costs are probably just under 4%.