@_author: djgreedo
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:02:30


I don't see that as a plausible timeline. I'd be pleasantly surprised if it became available before the end of 2018.
AFAIK there is no official roadmap. It will arrive when it arrives. There will likely be a period of adoption where it won't immediately reach its potential too.


AFAIK Coinbase is working on segwit implementation.


Yes. To benefit from segwit you should be using a segwit address from a compatible wallet.


Pretty much. Mass segwit adoption could ease the congestion (and thus the fees) significantly.


In a nutshell, Schnoor signatures reduce transaction size, therefore allowing more transactions per block, thus reducing congestion.
A bitcoin transaction usually contains multiple inputs. You can think of each input as a coin. To pay someone $3.50, you might need three coins - a $2, a $1, and a 50c. In a bitcoin transaction you need to provide data (a signature) for each coin. That data increases the size of your transaction. Schnoor signatures combine those signatures into one, so you effectively have a $3.50 coin that only needs one signature.
It's estimated that Schnoor signatures could save ~25% of transaction size.


This is because everyone disagrees with everyone else. The basics are:
* block size increase will allow more transactions per block, but requires a hard fork
* segwit increases the number of transactions possible without increasing block size, but requires opt-in to be effective
* Lightning enables transactions to occur off the block chain, so you can make orders of magnitude more transactions without impacting the number of on-block transactions meaningfully...but is not ready for use yet, and there are still unknowns
* Schnoor signatures can increase the number of transactions possible per block, but is not implemented
The key difference in scaling philosophy is that some want to simply increase block size (at least in the medium term), which is a quick fix that should work up to a point, and some want to squeeze the most efficiency out of the current blocks so that any future scaling compounds those efficiency boosts.
Those who advocate big blocks believe that Moore's Law will keep the network running fine, and that it's not particularly important for nodes to be affordable to regular users; those who advocate small blocks believe that efficiency will keep the network running smoothly, and will empower anyone to run a node if they wish, which makes it harder for miners to control the network.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:37:52
No, you wouldn't do it like this. You will already have a channel open, and that channel originated from your own bitcoin address (i.e. one of the outputs is your own bitcoin wallet address). You can receive a top-up payment to that channel over LN, changing the balances.
A 'penalty transaction' would send all funds to your bitcoin wallet regardless of where the coin originated.
What you're describing would be someone opening a channel on your behalf and having control over that channel. This would be pointless (if it's even possible).
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:26:48


It's cheaper to send *from* a segwit address, and segwit transactions are smaller (effectively), so the more people use segwit, the more throughput on the network, which improves fees and congestion for everyone going forward.
You don't get a direct benefit moving coins now, but once your coins are in a segwit address, they will be cheaper to move/spend in future (and contribute less to congestion).
Right now, fees are incredibly low, so it's a good time to move your coin for almost free to a segwit address. Who knows if the fees will stay this low? If your current balance is from many inputs, it may save you a bit of money to consolidate them.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:33:39
There are fees, but indirectly. You need to use bitcoin transactions to open/close a channel. However, once you have an open channel you don't need to pay fees on all the transactions you make via the channel. It's a bit like an annual fee on a credit card.
LN payments are subject to fees, but presumably the people currently testing the network are not charging fees in the interests of cheaper testing. That said, the fees would be very low - negligible, in the range of a few satoshis per transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:52:17
No, not at all. I don't know how you reached that conclusion. 
LN removes the need for on-chain fees, but you have to pay occasional on-chain fees to make use of it.
So you have the choice of paying on-chain fees for every transaction you make or paying on-chain fees once in a while, but otherwise having close to free transactions.
The *cost* will be similar to a bank fee in that you'll be paying fees occasionally and then transacting for (close to) free, as opposed to a typical crypto currency where you will pay for every single transaction, and where transactions below a certain amount are not practical due to the fees.
With LN everybody will pay fewer fees and have better access to transact their money...so your conclusion is pretty much as wrong as you could be.
@_date: 2018-01-30 09:42:35
If only the CEO had a way to massively cut costs/increase profits shortly after going public and/or if his job is on the line...
@_date: 2018-01-01 08:21:48
To add a bit more about the 133MB block size, that is what was estimated a year or two ago to enable 7 billion people (i.e. everyone in the world) to do two transactions per day via LN.
Of course bitcoin adoption is nowhere near that level, and doesn't need to be for a long time. In the meantime, segwit, Schnoor signatures, and other efficiency enhancements might reduce the eventual block size requirements significantly.
The 133MB block size calculation was estimated to be roughly the equivalent of 24GB blocks without LN.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:53:28


It works like this.
1) Channels have a balance shared between the two parties.
2) Let's say Yoda and Dooku open a channel and each puts in 5BTC - they each have 5BTC balance.
3) Dooku pays Yoda 2.5BTC for some lightsaber training, so now the balance is 7.5BTC to Yoda and 2.5BTC to Dooku (we'll ignore the negligible fees)
If the channel is settled correctly, they will get the appropriate balances sent to their regular bitcoin wallets. Yoda 7.5BTC, Dooku 2.5BTC.
But Dooku is a touch greedy, so he might try to settle the channel using an older state when he had more BTC in his balance. So Dooku tries to settle the state when he had 5BTC and Yoda had 5BTC (effectively trying to reclaim his payment to Yoda)...
If Yoda (or a party acting on behalf of Yoda) notices the on-chain settlement that doesn't match the current channel balance/state, they can issue a 'penalty transaction'. The result of the penalty transaction is that the attempted thief loses all the BTC in the channel, and it goes to the person who they were trying to steal from (and/or the party who stopped the theft).
In this example, Dooku has risked 2.5BTC to gain 2.5BTC, and he's betting that neither Yoda nor one of many watching services don't notice that he has tried to cheat Yoda.
With automation, it's difficult to see how anyone would attempt to steal funds in this way. It's also worth pointing out that Yoda also has other options for protecting himself, such as running his own node to watch for stealing, setting terms on his channels that mitigate theft attempts, and closing channels when they have an unneeded balance.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:38:41
Bcash developers have already expressed interest (which is ironic given all the misinformation and vocal hatred of LN).
I think I heard it was in the works for litecoin too.
One of the cool things LN can do is let you swap between different chains quickly and easily, so there is great potential for exchanging currencies.
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:08:58


The blockchain can be monitored for outdated settlement transactions (i.e. when someone closes a channel with non-current status/balances). This can be done by the you yourself (e.g. via a node or by keeping an eye on your channels via your wallet or something else), or by a third party (e.g. a service that does it on your behalf.
It's quite possible that penalty services could be free (paid for by granting them some or all of the BTC retrieved), and even that they could offer a guarantee - effectively making the risks nil for end users.


I'm not 100% sure how that scenario plays out, but I believe that the following is correct. Perhaps an expert can chime in...here goes...
In the scenario you describe, Alice is not directly connected to Bob (presumably). If Alice and Bob are directly connected via a mutual channel, all that matters is the balance in that specific channel. A channel can't be open to two different partners simultaneously (e.g. Alice --&gt; Alice AND to Bob in a single channel). Either there are two separate channels that don't affect each other, or there is a different scenario...
Alice and Bob must have channels open to other parties in order to be connected to each other via the network (otherwise they couldn't transact with each other). So if Alice broadcasts an old transaction status (to close a channel), it has nothing to do with Bob or Bob's balance.
So for argument's sake, assume Alice and Bob are both connected via a common point - e.g. a mutual friend, Cate. Alice's payment to Bob routes through Cate (e.g. Alice pays Cate 0.2btc, and Cate pays Bob 0.2btc), and it's the balance between Alice and Cate that would be incorrectly broadcast by Alice if she tried to steal. Bob wouldn't be affected in that scenario.
Either Cate or a 3rd party acting on Cate's behalf can spot the incorrect settlement and publish a penalty transaction, moving Alice's bitcoin to Cate (but only the bitcoin in that particular channel).
I'm pretty sure those scenarios are correct, but not 100%, and not 100% sure if that's what you were asking :)
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:59:35
I've seen estimates that up to ~80% of bitcoin transactions are to/from exchanges. If these exchanges adopted LN, there would be a massive drop in use of on-chain transactions.
I don't see any evidence that LN can't handle the majority of exchange transactions.
LN also will push up segwit adoption, making more space on the blocks.
As for small transactions, LN will probably *increase* demand, so of course other scaling is needed, and LN won't do enough to handle that.
Just high segwit adoption would wipe out the mempool almost instantly...but it's just not being adopted fast enough. The number of transactions clogging the pool are only about the equivalent of half a day's transactions.
Separate from how effective LN is at reducing congestion, it will do one thing - make bitcoin usable, even if the core problems aren't solved. I'd probably be happy paying current fees to open my first channel if it means I can spend bitcoin again. But in the medium term there is no way I'd accept the current fees.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:47:23


Transaction fees are how the network runs. If you don't pay transaction fees, then who pays for the network (which is incredibly costly to run)? The most likely answer is: banks. That's not desirable.


Nodes generate income by charging small fees for routing payments. Due to the expected scale of the network, you'd have to charge quite low fees to compete.
So I don't know how plausible it would be to earn money, but breaking even might be a worthy goal, or simply offsetting your own fees by earning enough to cover your own transactions.
I think this is something that will only be answerable in the long term once more variables are known. It may change dramatically with the evolution of the network(s). One of the cool things about bitcoin scaling is that a key goal is to keep participation in the network (e.g. running a node) as accessible as possible (e.g. by keeping the block size small). If this continues with lightning, the costs to run nodes could come down with Moore's Law and make profit easier.
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:56:45
Yes, you can charge fees for relaying transactions through your node.
* lightning is not ready for use, and it's a risk
* the fees would be tiny, even more so with people using the network for testing mainly
* since other nodes probably aren't charging fees right now, people would route around your node to avoid the fees
* I don't think anyone knows if nodes can be profitable in the real world - collected fees might not be anywhere near the cost to run a node. It's an unknown.
@_date: 2018-01-27 12:43:23
One or more of the following:
* Increase in hash power (leading to more/faster blocks) - this is definitely happening
* Ceasing of 'spam' attacks (I've not seen any hard evidence of this, so just speculation)
* Increasing of batching (there is evidence of this, since average transaction size is higher, and number of transactions lower)
* Increase in segwit usage allowing more throughput (no evidence that segwit adoption is up, though it could be a minor factor)
* Decrease in general usage (likely, due to high fees and price drop, but couldn't explain more than a fraction of the difference, and not really any evidence since lower transaction rate is also a side-effect of batching)
It's possible that Coinbase has started batching their transactions, as we have seen that Coinbase uses a ridiculously high proportion of the blockchain (around 50%), and they haven't been batching (which is ridiculous considering their volume...it's bordering on malicious).
When you look at the number of transactions compared to the block rate, it actually doesn't take much variance to change things a lot. A small decrease in block time could effectively wipe out the mempool quite quickly, and a small increase in block time could make the mempool fill up rapidly.
So this could be simply a temporary situation, or it could be the new normal...it depends on which of the above explanations are actually having an effect.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:14:32
I would say expect the end of the year and be pleasantly surprised if it's earlier.
Even if it comes mid-year, I wouldn't expect much adoption or wallet support for a while.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:40:28
How exactly was your bitcoin stolen? There's no way for someone to bypass Google Auth by swapping a SIM - they'd need physical access to your phone (or access to a backup of the auth code - which you should not keep online). If you used SMS as your 2FA, then unfortunately this is not very secure, and is a bit of false security (though it is better than *no* 2FA).
If they have then used your phone/accounts to get into Dropbox...then unfortunately that's a flaw in your own security habits. You should NEVER store your private keys anywhere that is on the Internet or on any device that has access to the Internet. You should always expect that anything that can be hacked...can be hacked. So your failsafe should be to store your private keys/seeds where nobody can get them except you.
I doubt you can get any kind of compensation, but I hope you do. At the very least you've learned a lesson about protecting your bitcoin. DON'T trust any person or service to protect your stuff, and NEVER put your private keys online.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:13:22


Lightning is meant for small transactions.
But in the short term, the biggest gains would be if the large exchanges adopted lightning.
Coinbase alone is probably using up 50% of the current block space, and all exchanges in total probably 80% or more. If these exchanges all implemented LN, movements between them would all happen off chain. That would be enough to clear up the blocks in the short term.
But it will probably take time to implement, and Coinbase haven't implemented segwit yet, and reportedly don't even batch their transactions!
@_date: 2018-01-01 08:25:38
I think you need to read up on how LN actually works. What do you think node owners can actually do? It's not like mining where there is power over the network.
And anyone can run an LN node, and anyone can bypass any node they don't want to route through (e.g. if they charged high fees). Anyone can use the underlying block chain, anyone can open a direct channel with any other party and nobody can ever stop that.
That is not centralisation.
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:32:02


No, but it has the potential to, and LN adoption forces segwit adoption.


Yes, to a degree. LN is for long-term scaling - enabling billions of transactions per day, but for now it will probably only help with current problems when combined with other scaling solutions. But I would expect retailers to adopt LN pretty quickly, and I think users would be excited to try it out. Even the ridiculous current fees shouldn't prevent people from opening a channel and getting the network up and running. After that first transaction, it's close to free to transact with anyone else on the network...and no more concerns about fees for retailers or consumers.


Non sequitur.


In no way are these two things mutually exclusive.
Monitoring for incorrect settlement transactions can be outsourced, and is expected to be a transparent feature of wallets - there should be no need to regular users to monitor the network, and it should all be effectively trustless (in practice, if not literally).
You can setup channels with short delay times and therefore never be more than an hour or two from being able to withdraw funds regardless of the other party's online status. Since most consumers will have channels open with banks and vendors, those parties will never be offline.
When the absolute worst-case scenario is mild inconvenience (e.g. waiting a few hours to withdraw funds to a bitcoin wallet in the rare instance that your bank is offline, and in the rare case that for some reason you need to hurriedly transfer some funds from LN to a bitcoin address), I think that speaks a lot for the system.


The user can choose how 'trustless' they want to be. They can take everything into their own hands (as far as only transacting on chain or monitoring their own LN channels) or make a reasonable trade-off between convenience and trustlessness (such as only opening channels with established businesses and setting easy-to-manage terms).
The underlying blockchain is trustless, and it's always there. The 2nd layer solutions need to be more flexible to let users choose their own priorities. I am more concerned about convenience and privacy than trustlessness - and those things are better with LN. YMMV.
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:10:28
In a nutshell, segwit changes the way transaction data is stored on blocks, and allows for some data to be left off on non-segwit nodes (which have a 1MB block limit).
Segwit-enabled nodes measure blocks in 'weight' rather than MB, and this weight can be up to an equivalent of more than 2MB (I think 2.7MB is about the maximum realistically possible).
As part of the 'weight' calculation, some data is 'discounted', and therefore a segwit transaction's size is effectively smaller, and thus cheaper (because fees are based on transaction data size).
Blocks have been routinely above 1MB for quite some time, but there has been a surge in segwit use on recent blocks due to some large consolidating segwit transactions leading to blocks over 2MB.
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:04:41
* the idea that you can only use an LN channel to transact with a small number of 'certain people' is incorrect. You can transact with anyone else connected to the network.
* the idea that on-chain fees (i.e. to open/close LN channels) will remain at the current ridiculous levels is an unreasonable assumption that ignores all the scaling currently in progress to combat that very problem
* the idea that channels would be regularly opened/closed is incorrect - most people would keep their channel(s) open indefinitely
* LN does not 'lock up' funds. It makes funds more accessible in all but the most rare of edge cases.
* LN is one scaling approach of many, and works alongside all the others. LN's role is to get people using bitcoin without needing to use the blockchain very often. Other solutions aim to improve the efficiency of the blocks/transactions
* LN does not remove the ability to directly use the blockchain


That's where software comes in. Bitcoin itself is complicated, but better wallets will make it accessible to end users. The same goes for LN. There is no reason for any of the complexity to be visible to the end user. All a user needs to know is how much money they have and how to send/receive. Good wallets can take care of all the little details.


No. You can spend that money anywhere on the LN network; it's more like having cash in your wallet or a pre-paid Visa card.
The concept that LN funds can only be used with one or a few parties is standard FUD. The 'N' in LN stands for 'network'. On a healthy network you can transact with any other party. That's kind of* the whole point*.


This is not a use case that anyone suggests (except those spreading FUD).
If you are going to buy from somewhere once, you would either use an existing LN channel, or use the blockchain. Or option  - open a new channel with the intention to keep it open to transact with others.
The typical expected/intended use case is to keep one or two channels open semi-permanently, and do all daily payments on LN. Then you are paying a few on-chain fees for effectively unlimited near-free actual transactions. A bit like paying a credit card annual fee. You'd probably still use the blockchain directly for larger purchases (e.g. buying a TV), as you wouldn't be keeping large amounts of money in LN.


Firstly, massive fees are a current symptom of massive growth without adequate scaling. LN is part of the solution to this current scaling/fee crisis. It's unreasonable to assume that all the scaling being done won't reduce the fees in the medium to long term.


You would probably already have a channel open, but yes, at some point you have to open one. Probably for $2, but time will tell.
Unless the only thing you ever buy is coffee, you'd presumably put money in your channel for other purchases. One day you may even be paid directly via LN, and set aside your savings to your cold storage, leaving the rest to cover your day-to-day life.


Why would you close the channel? There is really no need to close a channel, certainly not after a month. You can use it for other purchases, add more funds to it, and keep it around as long as you want.
And by micropayments, I really meant very tiny amounts - a few satoshis, for new kinds of payments that don't exist yet (because they are not possible), such as paying a blogger a few cents for reading a post or using a web extension that tips 1c every time I upvote someone on Reddit.


Can you explain why you think this analogy is inaccurate? With LN you take funds that are somewhat stored away and cumbersome to use (slow, subject to fees), and you put them somewhere that you can more quickly and cheaply spend them.


This is meaningless. In LN your funds are more spendable, more flexible, and only 'held in place' up to the point you don't want them to be. The only circumstance in which your BTC is less accessible in LN than in a wallet is if you for some reason need to pay someone off-chain with funds that are currently in an LN channel. This is an unlikely scenario (why isn't the other party accepting LN payment?, why wouldn't they simply open a channel with you for the same cost as it would be for you to transact on-chain?, how would waiting a few minutes to move your BTC out of LN affect what you're doing?, why choose to explicitly make a less private transaction?). That's a textbook edge case. In all other use cases, your money is more accessible when in LN. There is really no reason for anyone paying or receiving bitcoin to not be connected to LN.


Scaling is being tackled from many angles. The concept of a blockchain is by definition incredibly inefficient, and can't not be. Storing every single transaction ever made is a terrible idea from an efficiency perspective. Why would we want to store thousands of copies of everyone's coffee purchases in perpetuity? It's insane, and gets more insane when you think of scaling to serve the whole world.
Segwit increases the block size, Schnoor signatures will improve transaction sizes, MAST will help block efficiency, and block size increases will be even more beneficial by effectively compounding all the other scaling work, and will be manageable without increasing blocks so much that centralisation kicks in. LN will enable day-to-day transacting while *reducing* the need for on-block transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-15 12:36:05
Except that the user has full access to their coins at all times (including withdrawing them from the channel), and while in LN, the bitcoin is actually *more* available since it can be transacted with quickly and cheaply, which is not possible on the blockchain.
Bitcoin in an LN channel is no more 'locked up' than bitcoin in a regular wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:43:43
Difficulty already adjusted several days ago. Still around 9.5 days till the next adjustment.
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:04:35
In that case, it really works exactly like bitcoin because it is all actually a bitcoin transaction. Apart from the stealing scenario, there is no way to force someone to give you their bitcoin, and there is no way for a 3rd party to intervene.
It's up to Dooku to demand a refund, and presumably he would have rights to a refund just as people usually do now, but he can't reverse the payment like he might with a credit card. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:19:42


That's assuming that the massive scaling improvements LN provides don't result in reduced on-chain fees, which is an odd assumption. It also assumes no other scaling is implemented, or an improvement in segwit adoption.
If a couple of the biggest exchanges adopt LN, the blockchain congestion would likely disappear instantly. LN also forces segwit adoption, effectively increasing the number of transactions per block.


No, you do not need to do this.


This is dependent on your channel setup, and who you connect to. Most consumers would be directly connected to a bank or large retailer, who is extremely unlikely to go offline for any length of time. These channels probably would be set up with short delays when pulling funds out (e.g. a couple of hours). You'd only have long delays if you chose to setup a channel with long delays (e.g. if you wanted to give yourself time to check the channel for an incorrect settlement such as with a private purchase for a high-value item).
@_date: 2018-01-19 10:40:31
Firstly, it's not ready for mainstream use - still being tested and worked on.
But yes, there are drawbacks - it's not all positive. Some people are skeptical because there is really no way to know if the network will work as planned/expected.
Funds in an LN channel are not as safe as a bitcoin wallet, so that's a downside. There are ways for a malicious party to steal channel funds (but there are ways to mitigate that risk that also discourage the practice - anyone caught trying to steal funds forfeits their stake in the channel).
In rare cases, it's possible that you can lose access to your funds for a period of time (e.g. if you channel partner goes offline and your channel is time locked). This would be rare, and quite easy to avoid.
There is also a lot of misinformation out there. For example a lot of people repeat that incorrect notion that a channel between two parties can only facilitate payments between those two parties. The truth is that you can pay anyone who is connected to you via the network, so you probably only need a channel open to your wallet's node to be connected to every bitcoin user in the world. There is also, sadly, a misinformation campaign on some subreddits where some people who don't like bitcoin and/or LN are repeating disproved misinformation.
I'd like to see a comprehensive list of pros and cons because we tend to hear very polarised views that ignore the other end of the spectrum.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:31:21
Yes, but the fees being ridiculously high is not the normal state. Before the last few months, fees were a lot lower than they have been.
So it's more like miner profit has dipped a bit below normal levels rather than they are taking a massive loss.
From memory, up until about early Novemeber, average fees were in the $1 - $2 range (still way too high, IMO), so miners were simply having a great time reaping excess fees in the past few months.
@_date: 2018-01-16 10:03:49


Yes, I agree. A comprehensive FAQ would be great. There is currently a lot of vague information that is only made worse by the astounding amount of misinformation/FUD.


True, but in reality most people won't be receiving payments regularly. Their wallet will simply go online when they use it to spend.
People can still receive on-chain payments if their LN channel isn't open, and other solutions could be invented in future, possibly by 3rd parties (e.g. escrow-style payment processing that can 'wait' until you're online). It would be great if the protocol could be updated for some kind of 'queued' payments.
LN is definitely not the definitive solution to all bitcoin needs, and like you say, this needs to be communicated. But it's far better than a plain old blockchain (it gives more options, plus enables regular on-chain use to continue).


Yes, that's possible, but it's a risk not far from paywave cards - a trade-off between convenience and security. If you keep you funds mostly in a safe bitcoin wallet and only keep modest amounts in your phone, you will lose little in the event of being hacked. 
For now, it seems that money in LN is about as safe as cash in a wallet - pretty safe as long as reasonable care is taken. That's good enough for me, but probably not good enough for a lot of people. I'd like to see what the developers have to say on the security of LN (in regards to keys being potentially exposed). The information from LN devs is pretty vague on this.


Yes, I agree fully...but I see no reason to expect fees to be as high as $15 in the long term. If they are, then I wouldn't use bitcoin at all, never mind LN.
In my opinion, on-chain fees need to be in the region of $1-$3 for any significant adoption. With LN in place, the fees would be low enough that you can open and close channels regularly, and high enough to push people into adopting LN. You'd still be able to make large purchases directly on chain with almost irrelevant fees.
@_date: 2018-01-14 08:56:19
Loophole is not the right word. Basically there was a way to get a mining advantage by taking advantage of the way the mining algorithms works. This technique is patented, so only the miners with the patented technology can use it to gain a mining advantage over everyone else.
The segwit update included a fix for this issue. More detail: 
@_date: 2018-01-26 12:20:47


Basically, when a message (e.g a lightning transaction) is sent from A to B via many intermediaries, none of the intermediaries knows anything other than who they received the transaction from and who they are to pass it onto.
So each 'node' on the way has no idea who the payment was from or who it is going to. A recipient only knows they are the recipient when they decrypt the message and see that it is for them.
Think of it like an onion with many layers. Each layer only knows about the layer before and after.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:34:38
Lightning is a protocol. There can be many implementations all working alongside each other. Like the Internet.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:47:41


Lightning is nowhere near ready for mainstream use.
Bitcoin is not accepted in enough places for day-to-day use (which is a shame because fees are currently low enough to buy coffee with bitcoin).
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:44:04


What, like pay anyone instantly with near-zero fees while also having full control of your main savings? Being able to receive money without the possibility of the payment being reversed? Transferring money with full privacy?


Do you think this is a risk with bitcoin and/or LN? It isn't.


Early adopter issue. It's a problem for bitcoin to solve. If it doesn't, fiat will always exist.


Oh, just like LN.
Funds are not 'locked up' in bitcoin/LN. In a severe worst-case scenario of multiple unlikely events you might not be able to transfer money for a couple of hours. It's not perfect, but the benefits outweigh the negatives IMO. It's a good job you have a choice, isn't it?
And even the unlikely scenario in which you don't have immediate access to funds, there are years of development and enhancements and opportunity for new services and ideas to tackle that edge case before bitcoin and LN need to worry too much about mass adoption.


No idea, but if LN and other scaling solutions work as intended, I think bitcoin would be close to perfect, with a great underlying system running various user-friendly services that offer the best of all worlds with plenty of choice. It's very early days, and judging bitcoin for its teething problems is not really interesting.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:33:46
Settlement (and also opening a channel) requires a regular bitcoin transaction with a regular bitcoin transaction fee.
So for every channel you use you will pay 2x on-chain transaction fees.
That does sound a bit rubbish at first, but consider:
* An LN channel can theoretically make unlimited transactions over an indefinite amount of time
* LN adoption will move many transactions off the blockchain (especially when exchanges adopt it), leading to lower congestion and lower fees
* Other scaling solutions will help bring transaction fees down and on-chain throughput up (e.g. Schnoor signatures can reduce transaction size significantly and make them more consistent, LN should encourage better segwit adoption, etc.)
So at the moment, it would be pretty expensive to 'onboard' LN, but once on you can transact all you like without having to even think about fees. If all the scaling in the works goes well, the on-chain fees should tumble, but a lot of scaling is needed if LN adoption takes off - it could be like the past few months all over again with a massive influx of new users.
@_date: 2018-01-19 10:30:40
LN is nothing like Paypal. Here are a few reasons that's a bad comparison:
* Paypal is a corporation who you must trust to not lose or steal your money; with bitcoin/lightning you transact trustlessly and control your own money
* Paypal funds can only be spent or sent to a fiat bank account (where you have to trust the bank and play by their rules)
* Paypal blocks certain uses of your money (e.g. gambling, pornography), whereas there is no central authority who can tell you what you can and can't spend bitcoin on
* Paypal is subject to scams (e.g. people reversing a transaction). People lose tons of money to eBay scammers and the like all the time. With bitcoin/lightning you can't 'take' funds from someone - they have to send funds to you (e.g. a payment can't be reversed).
There are a lot of other differences, but those are probably the most important ones. There are of course some similarities, in that you can pay anyone cheaply and quickly.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:10:53
And with segwit, schnoor, batching, and other efficiency improvements, more and more transactions will squeeze into each block, leading to plenty of profits from many tiny fees adding up.
@_date: 2018-01-10 14:47:36
Here's a decent place to start reading: 
A 'watchtower' is a node that watches the blockchain transactions for obsolete transactions (e.g. if someone tries to settle a channel with an out of date balance in their favour), and then can broadcast a 'penalty transaction', which rewards all the bitcoin in the channel to the party who didn't broadcast the obsolete transaction. Basically, if someone tries to cheat and settle a channel with the wrong balance, they risk losing all their money in that channel.
Earning fees is not necessarily guaranteed or easy. You basically have to run a node, and you can charge fees for routing payments through your node. It's likely that you would have to charge very low fees to compete with other nodes, so it may be difficult to balance the costs with the gains. You might be able to run a watchtower node as a service and claim a percentage of any penalty transactions you broadcast, but I'm not sure of the details of how that would work.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:08:26


Because transactions aren't directly done on the blockchain.
You can think of a lightning channel as a 'suspended' bitcoin transaction that isn't written to the blockchain until both parties agree to close it.
While that channel is open the relative balances between parties can be adjusted at any time. 
With lightning, if Anakin and Obi-Wan have a shared channel (or are linked via the network), Anakin can simply update the balance in the channel to make his own balance 0.1BTC less and Obi-Wan's balance 0.1BTC higher. This happens instantly, as it is not written to the blockchain. Then Obi-Wan decides to pay Anakin 0.05BTC, so the balance is adjusted again. And so on. It's instant because it's only the current state of the 'suspended' transaction that is changing.
The final balances are only determined when the 'suspended' transaction is written to the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:46:28
Great post.


I don't know why this isn't more known.
@_date: 2018-01-30 10:59:36
Where do you get $7 from?
It's currently around 5c - 10c to be included within a few blocks.
@_date: 2018-01-21 05:50:12
They probably mean that segwit is effectively a block size increase. So it costs more to run a full node because the block size can be bigger, and the associated storage, bandwidth, and processing required increases, potentially making node adoption out of reach for more users.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:52:42


What does the Bitcoin Core software have to do with LN?


Because demand is larger than supply (of block space), and because bitcoin has had incredible growth in adoption, and because scaling without risking centralisation is difficult, and because blockchain fee structure is expensive by design.


This question makes no sense.


Are you asking why you would use lightning network rather than the bitcoin blockchain? Well, some reasons would be:
* improved privacy
* negligible fees
* instant payments
* micro payments and 'streaming money' scenarios not possible on a blockchain


That's not a good analogy.


On lightning network you absolutely do trade actual bitcoin.


I'm not sure what you're asking, but the supply of bitcoin is controlled by the 21 million bitcoin limit that has been part of the protocol since it was invented. Lightning has nothing to do with this, it simply allows for frictionless payments with that 21 million total bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:21:50


Nonsense. The amount of data being transmitted to/from a full node is already prohibitive for most people with 1MB blocks.
Here's a graph from ~3 years ago showing about 250GB of data usage per month (download + upload):
That's 3 years ago - before segwit increased block size, before the massive rise in adoption, before blocks were anywhere near full.
With full 8MB blocks we can assume much more data is needed. And that's without considering the increased workload/memory needed to process those larger blocks.
I live in a wealthy country with decent Internet...and I couldn't feasibly run a full node with 1MB blocks and use my Internet connection for other things.


Segwit adoption is low because of how it is implemented (i.e. it is opt-in). It's absurd to think anyone would be against using it (to the end user the only difference is lower fees).
Segwit adoption is low because it requires moving existing balances to a new address, which is inconvenient and costs money (a lot of money with current fees). And many big exchanges - which use a disproportionate amount of the blockchain transactions - haven't implemented segwit support, so users are stuck. Bitcoin users tend to hold their coin and not spend it, so those users have no reason to adopt segwit at this time.
To claim people don't want segwit is at best willful ignorance.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:29:23


* Lower risk of centralisation because nodes are cheaper to run
* 'Asic boost' loophole closed to prevent miners with patented hardware from having an unfair advantage (this is almost certainly the reason bcash was created in the first place)
* a long-term, sensible scaling roadmap that considers both massive future scaling needs and the need to protect decentralisation by keeping the blockchain to a manageable size
* Market and mainstream name recognition (also the reason bcash supporters are running a campaign to co-opt the bitcoin brand)
That's four very solid reasons off the top of my head.
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:48:29


But there has not been a significant reduction in actual usage.
The clearing of the mempool seems to be largely due to batched transactions (since the number of transactions has reduced, but the average transaction size has increased). This implies that there has been little change in actual bitcoin usage (it's the inputs and outputs that really matter, not the number of actual transactions), just that batching has made better use of the blockspace. Combined with a temporary increase in blocks (more hash power), this has cleared out the mempool.
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:22:03
You are incorrect. We have been getting far more than one block per 10 minutes, therefore more transactions are being cleared.
We have difficulty adjustments because the average block mining time goes up and down with hashrate. The rate of blocks is currently high, which is part of what is clearing the mempool.
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:52:11


Can you explain why you think this is the case?
Your LN wallet is as secure as you keep it (e.g. if you use a strong password, phone PIN, extra requirements for large payments-2FA, your wallet will be pretty much safe from anyone even if they have your phone/PC). It's no different to a phone/PC-based bitcoin wallet in that regard.
And like any other bitcoin wallet, you can keep backups and pull your funds back into a hardware wallet at any time (and presumably there will be LN hardware wallets eventually).
It's also not likely you'd keep large sums of money in LN, so that further mitigates any risk of loss.
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:59:41
Well, there were no fees for the lightning payment he made (but there will be fees in the real world, however they will be very low).
@_date: 2018-01-19 10:25:48
This is pure speculation, but I would say it will definitely be live before the end of this year if not by the middle. Adoption might take a while.
If LN has some good wallet support and works as promised, and the scaling (from LN and other scaling efforts) brings on-chain fees to reasonable levels...the bitcoin price would skyrocket. Maybe as much as 4 or 5 times the current value (if 'big money' sees that bitcoin is suddenly viable, they will buy, buy, buy).
The other side of the (bit)coin...
If other scaling (block size increase, Schnoor, segwit adoption, etc.) doesn't keep up with increased demand and interest (i.e if we keep seeing ridiculous fees), I think interest in bitcoin (and crypto currencies in general) will be set back years as people hear about this great new lightning network that only works if you pay a massive fee to get on/off or to top up your balance (if scaling isn't improved, the extra interest in LN might actually cause *higher* fees in the short term as everyone races to try it out). People will see the whole thing as a massive failure.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:55:04
Hashrate has increased, and time between blocks is lower, which equates to more throughput. This will likely stop in the next few days as the difficulty will be adjusted.
Segwit use has jumped up because a few large transactions with a lot of segwit inputs were mined. That is probably not indicative of higher general segwit adoption.
Hopefully there are other factors that are less temporary in nature (e.g. exchanges behaving more sensibly or spammers stopping), or otherwise we'll just slip back into the same old situation.
@_date: 2018-01-27 14:40:27
Yes, you're right. Though it seems like batching is definitely a part of it (fewer, larger transactions), there's no evidence it's specifically Coinbase.
@_date: 2018-01-26 12:42:25
There will always be on-chain fees as long as there is competition to get a transaction onto a block.
For people to use LN as a day-to-day currency, they will probably still need to do a couple of on-chain transactions per month. Scale that up to a massive number of users, and you get millions of on-chain transactions per month, or even per day in the future.
I believe fees will be relatively low once lightning is well adopted. Let's say 50c per transaction. With further scaling (both to increase the efficiency of blocks and to increase the block size), the number of transactions per block should get much higher than it is now, so even with low fees, the miners have plenty of profit available to them.
If fees are as low as I expect/hope, there will also be a market for direct on-chain payments for anything valued higher than is suitable for LN (buying expensive items, paying rent, etc.).
Miners will benefit from economies of scale. All those 50c transaction fees multiplied by millions and millions of users will add up to plenty.
@_date: 2018-01-23 12:07:14
You're making the mistake of taking a snapshot in time and assuming it's the new normal state of things.
The current mempool clearing is probably mostly due to temporary factors:
* rise in hashpower (thus faster blocks)
* lower usage (due to large sell offs and general malaise among bitcoin users)
* some bigger than usual blocks (due to some outlier large segwit usage).


There's no strong evidence supporting this. Segwit use is still quite poor. Coinbase are probably still not batching.


That may or may not be true, but we definitely don't have proper optimization (e.g. not enough segwit use, and when companies like Coinbase can cripple the network through - to give them benefit of the doubt - negligence, there is something wrong.


It has as much reason to exist as any other crypto. Some people want the short-term scaling that bcash offers. Who are we to deny them that?


No, and why would we want to? Frankly, given how toxic a lot of that community is, it's good that they are gone.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:52:58


Can you explain what scenario(s) you have in mind here?
For the vast majority of people it would be the other way around - you would occasionally put money into lightning (from cold storage, which may be where your salary is paid). Why would an average person need to transfer money *from* lightning *to* cold storage with any regularity? That's like withdrawing cash from an ATM and then deciding to deposit cash you don't spend back into your bank account. It doesn't make sense for a consumer.
Business use would be different.


A good analogy is a paywave/tap-to-pay card. It's inherently risky to carry around a card that can be used without a PIN, but we accept the risk for the convenience, and the amount of money at risk is limited (i.e. someone can't access my full bank account funds).
LN is risky compared to a cold storage wallet, but the risks tend to be easy to mitigate, and there would never be large amounts of money at stake.
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:47:24
These are valid concerns, but I think they are effectively early adopter concerns.
If LN/bitcoin/crypto takes off, people will get salary paid directly to their bitcoin or LN wallets.
@_date: 2018-01-30 11:16:20


Number of transactions is not an accurate indication of usage.
Also, comparing to peak is disingenuous. The current number of transactions is within normal variance, and around 10-20% down from the average over ~6 months.
But also, average transaction *size* is currently very high:
This indicates more batching...which seems to more-or-less correspond to the lower number of transactions. Thus, there is likely not much change in current usage.
Hash power has been high, leading to more blocks than average, which contributes a lot to clearing the mempool.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:21:05


There is no 'locking' of funds. You can pull money from a channel (to your bitcoin wallet) whenever you want. You have more liquidity in lightning than you do on the blockchain.


A major reason for LN is to help towards scaling, so it's almost a certainty that fees will drop to more normal levels in the medium term.


Yes, you've got something right!


Oh, that didn't last...I'm afraid you've been misinformed (perhaps by the FUD patrol over at You can transact through your channel with any party connected to the same coffee shop, and any party connected to them, and any party connected to them, and so on all across the network. With a sufficiently healthy network you can pay anyone in the world via a single channel that you can keep open as long as you want.
Can you only view webpages on your ISP's domain or can you access the entire Internet from your one connection? Lightning is the same.
The only thing you said that has some truth to it is the channel opening/closing fees, which would be a total of around $50 right now (which I agree is ridiculous). But it's safe to assume that LN adoption will reduce the load on the chain, improve segwit adoption, and thus lower fees. And there are several other scaling solutions in the works or on the table that will bring fees down eventually.
@_date: 2018-01-25 12:14:05


Yes, you will need to regularly put funds into LN. This will be one-way though (for most people), so a monthly top-up is a reasonable average.


That's why other scaling is also important. But I think the need for blocks anywhere near that size is years (maybe decades) away.
This means that the average person is only doing 1 on-chain transaction per month, which is a pretty good statistic.


Banks would likely not legally be able to use LN due to the legal requirements (LN uses TOR routing, which obfuscates the source/destination of transactions).
I think there are other ways of topping up channels - using a different currency (via cross-chain transactions), or services that will convert fiat to bitcoin (on lightning).
@_date: 2018-01-26 07:59:30
LN does not require segwit, but in bitcoin the update that was needed for LN (malleability fix) was included with the segwit update. This is what causes the confusion.
When bcash eventually implements LN they will need to implement a malleability fix, but they don't need to use segwit.
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:42:15
No idea. I think Electrum maybe.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:06:44
Hmmm...started my download and sent a donation right before reading your comment...FML
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:07:39


Adding to something doesn't change the way it works. The underlying blockchain will continue to work in the same way.


How did you draw that conclusion? Lightning effectively increases throughput by orders of magnitude. It will ensure that block size increases are kept manageable. A recent estimate concluded that everybody in the world could use bitcoin + LN with ~133MB blocks. By the time the whole world is ready for bitcoin, 133MB blocks would not be a concern (in contrast, you'd need ~25GB blocks to scale that far with only block size increases, and many bcash supporters think Moore's Law will make that feasible).


I believe this is a possible scaling approach, but it's probably negligible compared to slowing the increase of block size while increasing throughput massively.


This line of thinking is (as far as I understand it) exactly why the bitcoin developers are taking the approach they are. They want to get as much efficiency as possible, hence segwit and Schnoor signatures (which can help fit far more transactions per block), and LN, which can effectively let you make unlimited transactions with a handful of on-chain transactions.


Keeping blocks small plus Moore's Law should ensure regular users can run nodes.


Near future? Block rewards run out in about 120 years. With larger blocks and lots of transactions efficiently squeezed into every block, there should be enough fees for the greediest miners, probably surpassing the bitcoin rewards they currently get.
LN solves this issue by helping bitcoin cope with enormous scale. To me and you, a few $1 fees per year to open/close channels will be negligible...but multiply that by 7 billion, and miners stand to make billions in profits every year. Economies of scale will inevitably pop up if bitcoin survives long enough for the block rewards to run out.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:59:12
The 8%/10% (more like 12% actually) is not nodes, it's transactions. That is, ~12% of transactions are using segwit.
It doesn't matter if a node is upgraded to segwit because segwit is backwards compatible with previous nodes (segwit was added via a soft fork, which means nodes that are not upgraded still work).
@_date: 2018-01-23 16:14:01
I hope you're right, but I doubt it. We'll see when the difficulty goes up in a few days.
There's definitely malaise in the community. Whether this is a cause of lower bitcoin volume is probably impossible to determine, but there is a logical connection. I know I'm sick of the fee situation, and haven't touched my bitcoin for quite some time.
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:21:00
You're misunderstanding (or misrepresenting) how LN is intended to work.


Yes, just like putting cash in your wallet.


You can close a channel at any time and your funds will go into your wallet via a regular on-chain payment.


There is no 'locking up'. This is FUD spread by those who don't like LN as a scaling solution.
If you take money out of your bank account and put it in your wallet,  would you consider that 'locking it up'? No, you're actually making your money more usable. 
With BTC in a wallet, you can make payments via the blockchain (slow, requires non-neglible fees, requires confirmations, not very private). With BTC in LN, you can make cheap, instant, more private payments to anyone on the LN network (which, at least theoretically, will be anyone with bitcoin).
If for some reason you need your BTC back in a standard wallet, you just transfer it back with a regular bitcoin transaction. You'd only really need to send money back to a regular wallet for saving/storage, so waiting for an on-chain transfer is never going to be a concern. The only other scenario for wanting to move money back to a wallet if to then make an on-chain payment with the funds...which is an odd edge case, as it would almost always make more sense to make the payment via LN.


Yes, channels are opened and closed (and topped up) via regular bitcoin transactions. With scaling in place (LN adoption, more segwit adoption, which is effectively forced by LN adoption, other scaling like Schnoor signatures, and future block size increases, etc.), block space becomes less restricted, and the fees become a handful of occasional on-chain transactions (maybe one a month, probably far fewer, and these fees will be nowhere near as high as they currently are - they will be comparable to other crypto currencies), and then negligible fees for as many LN payments as you want to make.
@_date: 2018-01-10 11:38:41
There are several ways of looking at this.
The literal way would be to divide the open/closing fees by the number of transactions to get the 'real' fee per transaction. With current fees this is not particularly favourable (though you would only need to make 3 or more transactions per channel to pay fewer fees than if you had used the blockchain directly for the 3 transactions).
But the long-term goal is for on-block fees to get back to reasonable levels (via all the different scaling solutions working in tandem). This would make using LN much more appealing and affordable.
You could also think in terms of opening a channel as a one-off fee to enable quick, private, cheap payments indefinitely. In the early adopter phase, I'd be willing to pay ~$30 to open a channel, but in the 'real world', those fees need to drop dramatically IMO. Many people pay fees to keep a bank account or credit card, but I don't divide my yearly credit card fee by the number of transactions I make to determine the 'real fees'.
Another caveat is that nobody knows how LN will be adopted and used. Naysayers believe the normal use case would be opening channels constantly; optimists believe it may be practical to open a single channel almost indefinitely (with the occasional top up). The truth is likely in between (but I think far closer to the optimist's opinion).
Don't think of current fees as 'normal'. They are not. Bitcoin is in a crippled state, and fees are abnormally high because of &lt;reasons that are off topic&gt;. LN is one of many scaling solutions that should bring those fees back to normal/reasonable levels in the medium term. I think it makes more sense to think about LN in terms of how it is expected to work rather than how it will work with a currently broken underlying bitcoin chain.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:09:23
Average transaction size is up, indicating more batching.
The low fees are also a result of hash power going up, leading to faster blocks.
@_date: 2018-01-10 11:26:37
I often withdraw $100 or so from my bank account for random cash purchases over the course of a week or so. A coffee here, some printer paper, lunch, etc.
I think that's pretty normal/common behaviour.
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:32:58
Segwit is an enhancement to bitcoin that enables a block size increase (i.e. more capacity) by some fancy trickery.
Basically, if you use a segwit bitcoin address (that starts with a 3 or 'bc1') to send funds, your transaction will be cheaper than if you use a regular bitcoin address starting with '1'.
If you're exclusively using an exchange there is probably not much you can do. If you manage your own coins, now is a good time to move your coin to a segwit address (because fees are really low) so you can take advantage of lower fees in future and contribute to reducing the congestion problem.
@_date: 2018-01-28 01:46:16
1. Create a segwit address/wallet (same as you would for any other address/wallet, except make sure it's segwit-enabled)
2. Transfer your bitcoin to that address/wallet
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:41:13


Don't use 'centralised' as a weasel word. It is completely meaningless in this context.
You don't have to pay for a watchtower service. They can be free (e.g. the service will claim all or a percentage of any 'penalty payment'. It could conceivably work like mining - services may 'compete' to catch these transactions and benefit from the penalty transaction.
* A thief can't simply empty your channel - they can only attempt to broadcast an earlier balance (i.e. a balance before the thief send a payment to you). Most LN users are going to be sending payments rather than receiving them, and therefore there would rarely be a case where someone could attempt to reclaim money from you.
* There is little incentive to try to close off a channel with the wrong balance (it will likely fail far more often than it succeeds)
* There are other ways to mitigate the risk, such as setting channels to be open for a minimum time (so you have control over when the channel can be settled)
* You can run your own node and watch your own channels if you want, or communities can share one.
The risk of losing bitcoin to an 'illegal' channel closure are pretty negligible.


It will most likely be built into wallets and be an 'invisible' service (i.e. it just works, and the user does not need to take any action or even know what is going on). You'll either occasionally get a little extra money from a failed theft or you'll not notice a thing. It's quite likely these services/wallets will offer guarantees against any rare successful theft.


It doesn't need to monitor channels, it would monitor the blockchain presumably (for settlement on-chain transactions). In the scheme of bitcoin there are far bigger efficiency concerns (the whole concept of a blockchain is incredibly inefficient).
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:53:30
It's not about transactions per second, and that's the beauty of it. The network(s) can scale up indefinitely.
The limiting factors would be the underlying blockchain (how many channels can be opened and closed, and how quickly), and the number of users and nodes in the interconnected lightning networks.
There's really no limit to how many transactions can flow through lightning, assuming the network is big enough to handle them all. It's like the Internet...we don't need to think about how many internet web page requests can be done per second.
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:09:07
It would be the same as if you'd paid cash. You'd have to go through the relevant channels to get a refund. Once the bitcoin is sent, it 100% belongs to the other party.
The other party could pay you back 'voluntarily' (i.e. as part of their customer service), or you may get a court involved.
It's really no different to paying by cash - your money is gone, and the only way to get it back is if they give it back (either voluntarily or by a court order).
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:24:23




Either this will happen or bitcoin will die. If anyone is still using bitcoin in 24 months it will be because fees are reasonable.


I think this is a no brainer. It's actually a way for free wallets to monetise. Again, I think it's something that is so badly needed that LN will fail without it.


I believe this is already the case. You can simply not open a channel if you don't like the other party's terms. If LN has enough scale that it doesn't fail, there should be enough options to let the user shop around.


'If' is the important word. You can choose to not do that. If LN gets wide adoption, it's a reasonable assumption that monitoring will be a free service (in exchange for all or part of any penalties recovered on your behalf). Again, that could be incorporated into wallets, and such wallets could even offer guarantees that if they don't stop a theft they will reimburse your channel. Better than any bank.


Yes, I agree. That said, I think my optimistic view is closer to the eventual outcome than most of the worst-case-scenario views being thrown around (e.g. assuming $40 fees are here forever and that everyone needs many channels open at all times).
Basically, if LN doesn't work as planned, bitcoin (and perhaps all crypto currencies) has no future (at least not for the general public to use as a currency).
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:45:35
No, segwit allows for a larger 'box' (block), but does it in such a way that non-segwit nodes still get the smaller (1MB) block (without the segregated data), while up-to-date nodes get blocks that can be bigger than 1MB (depending on how many transactions use segwit).
All the transaction data minus the 'witness' data has to still be 1MB or less, but the transaction data including witness data can be a lot bigger (up to 4MB, but in reality more like 2MB and sometimes higher, like we've seen recently.
Due to the way segwit works, the effect is similar to fitting more transactions into the same sized box. With the way it works out, when you do segwit transactions, you are effectively paying for a smaller transaction, so lower fees and less space used on the block.
@_date: 2018-01-10 11:40:50
You can add funds to your channel directly via an on-chain transaction. There is a name for it that I can't remember.
So you could top up a channel indefinitely with occasional transactions, which is similar to withdrawing money from an ATM to your wallet every week. If scaling can get blockchain fees back to 'normal', this would be a pretty typical use case.
@_date: 2018-01-25 09:25:58


I would expect that salary would go direct to cold storage. It might even be that you get most of your salary to cold storage and a small amount directly to LN.


Except in the salary -&gt; LN use case (which I don't think is likely), this is not an issue. People would only keep enough money for daily spending, just like you might keep $100 in your wallet but leave the rest of your salary in the bank.


Yes, but I don't see this as a concern for the vast majority. For someone earning money on the network, yes, saving back to a wallet will be important. For the 99% only using LN to send money out...not an issue.


You would keep the same amount of money in LN as you would cash in your wallet...maybe a bit more. Still small enough that in a catastrophic security failure you'd be inconvenienced, not seriously financially damaged.


Exactly, you top up on chain. Once a month or whatever you need. There may be services that let you transfer cash directly to your LN channel via Internet banking (while the world is mostly still fiat). If the on-chain fees get low enough it should all be fine. If not...there's always litecoin.
But the big issue that I think you're getting at is that LN is not secure in the way bitcoin is. I think there needs to be more talk about the security implications (I'd love to keep $1000 in LN, but I won't do that until I am 100% confident I know the risks and ways to protect myself against them).
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:00:25
No money is locked up. Fees will be negligible. Please read up on how LN works instead of spreading misinformation.
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:10:25


Most crypto currencies require a fee for all transactions. Bitcoin does so *by design*. LN is no different in the sense that on-chain fees are required to make use of the low-fee lightning network.


Everyone has their own opinions on what crypto is all about, but the most important aspects for most people are self-control of money, decentralisation, and privacy. While there are cryptos without fees, charging fees to keep the network running (as opposed to using a network owned an operated by a government or bank) is the most common implementation.


No. LN is a 2nd layer 'wallet' where you can place your funds to allow fast, cheap transactions instead of using the blockchain directly. This allows for lower fees, more liquidity, and greater privacy.
The comparisons with Visa or any other fiat banking concept only work as far as functionality goes. That is, using LN is functionally similar to transferring money to a Visa card or as cash to your wallet - it becomes more liquid, and is not subject to the less desirable features of blockchains (e.g. waiting for confirmations, paying large fees). The important difference is that with LN, just as with regular bitcoin, only the owner of the funds has a say in spending them. No 3rd party has access to or control of funds in LN. That's the big difference between a bank account and LN.
LN effectively has the best of both worlds - cheap, instant payment to anyone, while also benefiting from the decentralised, user-controlled bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-10 11:53:11


We DO need blocks bigger than 1MB...and a LOT bigger (eventually). But it's more important to squeeze the most out of each MB so that when the block size is increased, we get more 'bang for our buck'. For example, with high segwit adoption and Schnoor signatures, plus many transactions moving into LN, the current 1MB blocks could actually handle everything with room to spare...in the short term. For billions of transactions per day we'd need much larger blocks just to handle LN channels being opened and closed.
The good news is that LN + 130MB blocks can handle as many transactions as 24GB blocks without LN. By the time that scale is needed, it should be affordable to run nodes with 130MB blocks (due to hardware and bandwidth costs dropping naturally).


Not likely nor desirable. 


Bcash simply chose another scaling path that is better in the short term. I don't see how calling people who support that approach idiots helps anyone. Many bcash supporters aren't aware of this, but bcash developers plan to implement LN eventually (which is quite funny given all the LN hatred and FUD that does the rounds on Bcash fees are low because they have very few transactions. Even with a 1MB block size there would be so much space on each block that any transaction would get confirmed regardless of fee.


In a sense, you can have negative fees with LN. You can run an LN node (or even a 'watchtower') and earn fees for routing payments. I don't know how the numbers would crunch in the real world, but it's plausible to earn a little passive income from keeping a node running.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:58:31


This question stems from a common misunderstanding (it's an understandable misunderstanding :) ).
When you open a lightning channel, you can transact with *anyone connected to the network* (as long as there is a path between you and them). Your channel is not a closed off connection between two parties, it's an on-ramp onto the network.
A basic example would be if you open a channel with your local coffee shop, you can use that channel to pay for a coffee, or to pay money to anyone else who has a channel open to that coffee shop, and to any party those people are connected to (their banks, other businesses, friends, family), and so on through the network.
It's a bit like the Internet. I am only connected to the Internet via my ISP, but they are connected to other parts of the Internet around the world, and we are communicating easily, and probably from other countries...but I don't have an Internet channel open to you.
@_date: 2018-01-21 12:10:09
Doesn't Coinbase charge a fixed fee for withdrawals? So if the fixed fee is lower than the actual fee, Coinbase would be paying the difference.
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:59:44
There's no real harm in leaving your coin where it is, but there is a definite advantage to having your coin in a segwit address.
For what would be a very low fee now, you could save yourself quite a bit in the future if you ever want to spend your coins, open a lightning channel, or transfer to a new wallet.
I doubt fees will stay as low as they are now for long, and you may regret not spending 20c to move your funds to a segwit address. You'd also be contributing to the adoption of segwit and better scaling for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-11 12:50:51
You're making the error of assuming that $20 fees are normal, and that scaling will not work to reduce those fees by a huge amount.
It would take a pretty modest shift to LN and increased segwit use to alleviate the pressure on the blockchain and thus return fees to normal levels.
@_date: 2018-01-19 09:49:16
Users do need to have a channel open somewhere connected to the network to send/receive via lightning.
But in the example you give, where the exchange is basically a custodian of your bitcoin while in your exchange balance, then yeah, the exchanges would just zip the coins back and forth to each other.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:12:25
If bitcoin is around in 100 years, with LN and fairly large blocks, servicing millions or billions of users...there will be more than enough transactions per block to give miners incentive to mine. The block rewards of today will seem like peanut in comparison to a bitcoin that services the world with possibly hundreds of millions of on-chain transactions per day.
And that's assuming that other improvements aren't made in the next 100 years, which is doubtful.
@_date: 2018-01-19 14:19:05
I would expect that lightning wallet services will have their own nodes, and those nodes would be heavily connected to the wider network.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:09:32
There is a massive difference between a couple of 2MB+ blocks in an ocean of 1.2MB blocks and every block being 2MB+ though. The bandwidth difference would be enough to make running a node out of reach for many.
@_date: 2018-01-30 11:05:57


Just the fee for doing so. At the moment, you can set a manual fee very low (2 or 3 sat/byte) and have no trouble confirming. This will equate to a few cants.


@_date: 2018-01-28 01:58:33


It's difficult to tell with any accuracy, but the most likely reasons are:
* 'spam attacks' stopping (malicious parties creating lots of transactions to deliberately cause congestion and raise fees) - there is no direct evidence of this that I'm aware of
* Increase in transaction batching (this would explain why there are fewer transactions, but larger transaction size on average)
* increase in segwit usage (not likely a big factor)
* decreased usage overall (number of transactions hasn't lowered enough for this to be a big factor)
* increase in mining has power (more blocks being mined faster than usual, leading to more transactions being processed) - definitely was a factor
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:30:16


Give him a break! He can be both!
@_date: 2018-01-27 11:38:23
Batching would *decrease* the number of transactions, because many individual transactions would be consolidated.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:43:10


At what risk?
Since most payments would involve multiple hops, wouldn't any negative fee be offset by the 5 or 6 positive fees on the rest of the route?
@_date: 2018-01-30 12:15:42
That chart shows an average of ~270k transactions per day over the last 6 months (and that's covering a period of unprecedented growth/demand, which skews the average a bit high).
The current number of transactions is ~230k...around 10-20% lower than average (and that's ignoring the fact that 230k is the low point, and a fairer number averaging the past week raises that to about 240k).
And that is offset by a large increase in average transaction size, which corresponds to the same time period as the drop in transaction volume, strongly suggesting that someone is batching more than usual, and therefore consolidating transactions.
So if there is extra batching going on (almost certainly the case), the drop in transaction numbers would be offset significantly (avg. transaction size is up about 60%...meaning there would be a lot of batching going on, probably easily accounting for the difference between average and current transaction volume).
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:44:39
An LN channel is between two parties - you and someone else.
A 'penalty' transaction will credit all funds in a channel to the non-cheating party, which in this case is you.
In any scenario that you have an LN channel, it is 'linked' to your own BTC address, since an LN channel is (roughly speaking) an unconfirmed bitcoin transaction to/from your own wallet address.
@_date: 2018-01-27 11:40:14


Using Roman numerals isn't fooling anyone.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:51:25
Some services do use SMS as their 2FA step. It's not the best idea, and a proper 2FA app is definitely safer.
@_date: 2018-01-16 00:28:32


If your keys are stolen, true. But if you have a wallet app that requires 2FA before making a payment, your funds are a lot safer from casual theft (my phone wallet won't let me spend more than $20 without 2FA confirmation).


If you are getting regular incoming payments, then it should be no problem to open and close channels semi-regularly. But most users won't have this problem.


The same goes for having a regular bitcoin wallet with private keys stored on your PC.
LN does allow you to take precautions - such as forcing a channel to stay open a certain length of time. And you wouldn't be keeping lots of money in LN.


Yes, this is a risk. However, there are plenty of ways to mitigate it, and a typical user wouldn't be expected to carry large sums of money in  LN (that's what cold storage is for).
If my phone was hacked and I had $100 in LN, I think the $100 would be the least of my worries.


I may be mistaken, but if your LN wallet is kept on dedicated hardware (e.g. a Trezor), it will be unhackable when offline, right? I don't have full understanding of that aspect, so I'm not asserting I'm right with that :)


What do you think is the typical use case here? I would expect that most people would rarely receive payments, only make them (after all most people today get paid once a fortnight or month, but spend every day).


If you're rarely getting paid, this won't be an issue. Anyone getting paid very often would likely be emptying their channels regularly. Any payments above a certain amount could simply be done on-chain.
While the risks you describe are certainly real, they are generally easy to mitigate or avoid. And the intended use cases for LN also mitigate the risks - LN is for small payment amounts, and most users will be spending rather than receiving, with a small balance in their channels.
And there is also room for improvement in security and implementation.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:32:26
This is not really true except in edge case scenarios, and it just seems to be the latest FUD dreamt up by the naysayers.
Strictly speaking, if you want to receive money via LN you need *an open LN channel*, and to open an LN channel you will have needed bitcoin to pay to open that channel and deposit some funds at some point. You do not need to have current funds in the LN channel to receive payments.
Anyone wanting to us LN will at some point need to open one or more channels.
* you can send and receive directly on the blockchain (and by the time people are using LN in the mainstream there should be no worries about on-chain fees)...so in that sense just like every crypto that doesn't have lightning
* You don't need balance in LN to receive payments
* using LN saves money in the medium term. If you're dealing with bitcooin you're going to need to transact at some point. LN basically lets you do unlimited transactions for the cost of a handful...it makes no sense for people using bitcoin regularly to avoid LN because of cost.
The bank account analogy someone else brought up works here. You need to 'onboard' on to LN to take advantage of it. This requires an upfront cost, which is similar to opening a bank account before you can receive bank transfers. It's basically a one-off cost.
So the only scenarios in which the posted statement is factual is if the recipient is not already on LN and wants to start using LN...so the small cost to onboard shouldn't be an issue. If they don't want to use LN/don't want to pay to open a channel, they can receive bitcoin directly on the blockchain (or cash, or bank transfer, or Paypal).
Lightning has downsides, but requiring a channel to receive payments is not one. It's a dumb complaint, like saying buying a SIM card is a downside to using a mobile phone, so you might as well stick with a landline.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:45:38
I wouldn't say a handful of outliers is a strong indication of any trend. If this becomes a pattern, then great. But the average block size is still close to 1MB.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:29:15
It's expected that typical LN use will be more like opening a channel and leaving it open semi-permanently, so effectively doing all transactions in LN except for the occasional open/close.
The maths is simple: to transact 100 times via LN requires 2 on-chain transactions; to transact 100 times without LN requires 100 on-chain transactions. If people do more than 2 LN transactions per channel, there will be fewer on-chain transactions.
The whole point of LN is to take the bulk of transactions off the blockchain. Coupled with block size increases, LN can cater for orders of magnitude of scaling.






With segwit and Schnoor signatures the transaction size decreases, improving efficiency. The block size will have to increase at some point too. The alternative to using LN is of course that those 3 channel opens/closures would become 6 bitcoin transactions instead of effectively unlimited LN transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:46:18


Is that taking into account the fact that LN requires segwit (and thus effectively smaller transaction size)?


Sure, eventually, but if people adopt LN, their transactions will mostly be 'off chain', so someone who might do two transactions a day currently might only do 1 a month (or less). LN adoption should reduce on-chain transactions significantly.


Yeah, I think that too. LN adoption will take time. Segwit adoption is currently pitiful. Relief is needed in the short term.
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:37:01


That is a strange way of looking at it. Not a long-term solution...because it isn't a short-term solution?
Segwit will have a compounding effect on all future scaling. That's a long-term solution.
Segwit is not a great short-term solution because it relies on mass active adoption to have a big effect. Though, FWIW, full segwit adoption would improve the situation a lot.


You're putting words in my mouth there. If the block size remains the same, segwit effectively doubles it (with mass adoption). But the blocksize will not remain the same in the long term, so it's moot.


I think you're making the mistake of ignoring the fact that segwit is not intended to be *the* long-term scaling solution. It is one of many. The goal is to make each transaction smaller so that other scaling (e.g. block size increases and 2nd layer solutions) have a larger impact.
A 10MB block with segwit can carry almost twice the transactions as one without segwit. A 10MB with segwit and LN can carry hundreds of times more transactions than a simple 10MB block.
@_date: 2017-12-16 15:04:57


But $20 fees are not the norm, and when you talk like it is, people will dismiss your otherwise valid concern.
Most of the time, typical fees are a couple of dollars. Still - in my opinion - a hundred times more than they should be, but that's how it is.


This is disingenuous. Bitcoin runs on '3rd party nodes that have to be online'. There are incentives to run LN nodes (they can collect fees), and businesses and miners will have LN nodes running around the clock.
Bitcoin is in a rubbish state right now due to fees and lack of short-term scaling, but it's also not near mass adoption, so these are teething problems. If LN arrives soon, and segwit gains adoption, the fee problem (which is *the* problem) should be fixed before the masses really start flooding in. 
But, as you imply, if the problem isn't fixed soon, bitcoin will lose out to something else. The bitcoin community thinks bitcoin is too big to fail, but it's already getting dismissed by newcomers as soon as they hear about the fees and the existence of alternatives, and as you say, merchant adoption is dropping.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:54:47


No, you don't understand how it actually works.


This is the case for gift cards (restricted to one or a few stores), but not for the lightning network (funds in LN can effectively be sent to any bitcoin user). 
You can use the funds in an LN channel to do any transaction you like. You're implying that an LN channel only works for payments within that channel, but that is far from the truth. The network effect lets you transact across the network to any other party also connected to LN (which, by design, will be practically everyone using bitcoin).
You can settle your balance to the blockchain any time you like. If waiting up to 10 minutes for a blockchain settlement fits your definition of 'locked up', then so be it. Every single on-chain payment is 'locked up' by that definition.


@_date: 2017-12-12 13:47:17
Most seem to think bigger blocks are both *necessary* and *inevitable* for LN/second layer (to scale to mass adoption). Thus it makes no sense that we don't have bigger blocks now. 2 or 4MB blocks would make bitcoin usable until LN arrives.
At a time when the public is starting to gain serious awareness of crypto currency, bitcoin is in a pathetic state, and other currencies like litecoin could easily be more attractive to newcomers.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:11:29


You're misunderstanding the 'N' part of LN (lightning NETWORK). You can send and receive to anyone connected to the network. If you have a channel open with your employer (e.g. to get paid in LN), you will also be able to send/receive with anyone else connected to your employer, and anyone connected to them, and so on. You could theoretically open a single channel and use it for all your transactions.
LN should be made easier by software. It will roughly be equivalent to storing money in a bank account (the blockchain) and carrying around some cash in your wallet or a spending account (LN). The technicalities should be easy to hide from the end user.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:09:10
While this is obviously a good point for long-term scaling, I don't see how a modest block size increase would be a problem today. Bitcoin fees make it practically unusable for anything other than transferring large amounts, and during the busiest times it's absolutely ridiculous.
Block size will have to increase a lot eventually (if mass adoption is to happen), and even a 2MB or 4MB block size would enable bitcoin to actually be usable as a currency in the time between now and when LN is ready for use.
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:16:18
I think OP's actual point is that bcash supporters are wrong to claim that the bigger block size cap makes fees lower and confirmations quicker. The reason fees are smaller and confirmations are quicker is that there is no real competition for the block space. If bcash had a  1MB block limit, the blocks would still be mostly empty most of the time, and thus the fees/confirmations would be the same as they are now.
@_date: 2017-12-26 02:14:53


I assume by hard-fork do you mean bcash/Bitcoin Cash/BCH?
The main mining power is against segwit because it closes a 'loophole' in mining that gives an advantage when using patented chip technology. Many people believe this is the main incentive behind creating the bcash fork in the first place - because segwit fixes a loophole that happens to be advantageous to certain parties who strongly support bcash (note: at the time bcash forked, bitcoin had a 2x block size increase planned).
There is nothing stopping bcash from adopting LN or similar off-chain scaling in future, but it doesn't take much to see that the supporters of bcash almost unanimously (at least the ones who talk on Reddit) support only on-chain scaling, and they believe that Moore's law will keep the cost of scaling down.
By all accounts, the bcash dev team is small and less experienced than the bitcoin team, and they seem focused on the short term. Scaling to billions of transactions per day (or per hour!) is something that requires a lot of forward thinking, not just 'computers will catch up to bigger block sizes'.
I think if you ignore all the arguing and FUD (from both sides), the debate comes down to concentrating effort on keeping usability today or on sacrificing usability today to make it work better in future. You can either fix short-term problems and push the bigger issues away for tomorrow or start working on tomorrow's problems while somewhat neglecting the immediate problems.
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:02:35
I doubt you'll be able to run a node, since it's not ready. 
You will be able to make money running a node when the network is running, but I have no idea how much money (it may be negligible, it may not counter the cost of running the node - hopefully someone can chime in with some better info).
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:04:01


Not a problem. It will be simple to do (probably automated by wallet software).


This is incorrect. Your funds are not 'locked up'. Are you spending too much time in by any chance?
FWIW, you can 'withdraw' your balance from an LN channel at any time via a regular bitcoin transaction. And for all intents and purposes, what can you not do with those coins in an LN channel that you can do with them in your regular wallet? If you want to withdraw your balance for some reason (savings, to make an on-chain payment, etc.), simply settle your channel and wait for the transaction to confirm, which should be on the next block if LN has worked to ease block congestion.


No, it really isn't. It's more like a credit or debit card. You can transfer money to and from it at any time, and you can effectively use it anywhere, not one particular store.


Hopefully now you understand how it actually works a bit more clearly, and it's not so depressing.
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:29:20
Yes, but with lightning adoption, there will be a reduced need for on-chain transactions, which will reduce the demand (and therefore fees) in line with LN adoption.
And don't forget: 2 on-chain transactions can effectively cover dozens or hundreds of LN transactions. Make at least 3 LN transactions per channel and you save money on fees.
Solid adoption of LN will be equivalent to a large block size increase, and then for every future block size increase, lightning will exaggerate the effect.
@_date: 2017-12-30 01:27:35


This ignores the fact that LN is *designed to remove transactions from the block chain* and therefore eliminate the congestion that currently causes such high fees.
If LN gets decent adoption, the on-chain fees will drop drastically. If just the major exchanges stated using LN the number of transactions on the blockchain would probably drop by 80%. Add increased segwit adoption, Schnoor signatures, and a modest block size increase, and the cost to open a channel could be $1 or lower.
@_date: 2017-12-28 09:27:56
You pay fees per byte of transaction data. Segwit transactions can be as small as about 50% the size of regular transactions (but typically more like 70%), but it depends on many factors.
So you'd pay ~70% the fees. But if everyone was using segwit, the system would be less congested (because more transactions will fit on each block), so fees would also fall due to less competition for block space.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:19:54




The point of lightning is to offer instant, near-zero-fee transactions for day-to-day bitcoin use. That is most definitely an individual user enhancement.


No, you would be paying far, far lower fees for your transactions. Most regular transactions would be in LN, so would not be on the blockchain, and therefore would not be subject to the blockchain fees. In a real-world scenario you might do 2 blockchain transactions in a month (to open and close a channel), and all other transactions - buying a coffee, paying your rent, etc. - would have close to zero fees.
Since LN takes pressure off the blockchain, you'd also pay considerably less for the handful of on-chain transactions you make as well.


It's not for investors. It's for people using/spending bitcoin, which is currently not feasible with the fees and fee structure.
LN should reduce blockchain fees significantly, and should free up lots of block space, making transactions cheaper and faster for everyone including investors. You will be able to move your bitcoin to and from exchanges quickly without massive fees.
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:53:52


This makes a couple of assumptions that I think are totally wrong:
1) it's based on current fees *during times of maximum congestion* (real-world bitcoin fees are about 1/10th of what you describe here - at least when congestion is down)
2) it's assuming that LN use won't bring on-chain fees down by taking many transactions off-chain


And if you buy 100 coffees (or various other transactions), that's 5c per coffee. Not perfect, but reasonable. It's still a LOT cheaper than buying coffee directly with bitcoin.
You're assuming worst-case scenarios based on *current* fees. Fees should drop with LN adoption because many transaction will be done in LN *instead of on a block*. The number of on-chain transactions to achieve the same throughput as currently would be reduced significantly, effectively giving the result of a larger block.
For example, a large percentage of bitcoin transactions are to and from exchanges. If the people trading bitcoin started using LN channels, they could move their bitcoin around on the LN, and very rarely need to settle onto the blockchain. Two blockchain fees to open/close an LN channel, and you can do all the trading you want, including moving bitcoin between different exchanges.
In best-case scenarios, with high LN adoption, the number of transactions on the block will reduce to a point where opening LN channels is very affordable (e.g. below $1). Most day-to-day transactions will be done via LN with negligible fees. Channels can be left open semi-permanently with cheap (&lt;$1) top-ups and the ability to pay anybody instantly with near-zero fees
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:38:39


That puts you in the most sensible 0.5% of this sub, unfortunately :)
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:35:09
This is hardly a great solution. I use segwit and set my own fees. It still usually takes hours to send $20 with a $1 fee (which is a much higher fee than is reasonable in my opinion).
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:19:23


Is this right? I was under the impression the best case scenario would be ~1.7mb equivalent (with almost every transaction using segwit). Or am I missing something?


Gee, I hope so, but that sounds optimistic to me.
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:52:11


Why not? I would certainly put enough spending money in LN to use over the course of a month or longer. Assuming the network grows well, that money can be transferred to anyone else on the network. Even just putting $100 in for a week's worth of coffees, lunches, and random purchases would be enough to easily cover the fees many times over.


You can effectively use a single channel to pay multiple people/businesses via the network effect (i.e. if you are connected to John, and John is connected to the cafe, you can transact with the cafe without opening a dedicated channel - with a large enough network everyone will be connected to everyone).
You can apparently add money to your open channel via an extra on-chain transaction too, which means you may well be able to keep a channel open more-or-less indefinitely, and top it up just like you might use an ATM to top  up your cash wallet.


Why not? You can easily get the money back into your regular wallet at any time. All you need to save on fees is to make 3 LN transactions (to cover the two on-chain transaction fees).
Put in $20, buy 5 or 6 coffees, and you've halved your bitcoin fees (and that's not even taking into account the fact that if people are using LN, blockchain fees will naturally fall as demand for block space decreases).
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:06:38
Cool. I've been using segwit since day 1, but it's frustrating to see the slow adoption, especially now that the congestion and fees have gotten worse and worse.
@_date: 2017-12-16 11:02:33


Well, it's *technically* an assumption, but it's also the major reason LN was created for. If people are to use bitcoin for day-to-day transactions, LN will ensure the majority of these transactions are not written to the blockchain. It makes no sense for anyone to use the blockchain regularly if the LN option is there. Even with relatively low adoption, there should be a relieving of blockchain congestion (and presumably segwit will simultaneously gain traction, further freeing up block space.
Fees should definitely come down, though by how much depends on adoption and other things.


LN is good for any size transaction really. I think it depends on the blockchain fee size and LN adoption.


LN doesn't 'lock up' funds. You can always pull your money out by settling the channel to the blockchain.
A trader would presumably keep a channel open to move bitcoin to and from different exchanges. Moving the same coins back and forth instantly between exchanges at near-zero fees is probably something traders would like.


I don't know for sure, but it shouldn't matter. Both parties can settle/close the channel at any time, and the balance will go to each party as per the most recent transaction(s). With a big enough network you wouldn't be connecting directly to businesses in a dedicated channel - you'd be connected implicitly via your other connections. Your coffee shop likely has bitcoin in several channels for paying suppliers, refunding customers, and so on, and you are probably connected to them via your employer, friends, family, coworkers, etc.


You don't need trust because it's bitcoin.
The only trust issue is similar to 'double-spending', where the other party may try to settle the channel using an old balance that is in their favour. This is disincentivised by the 'penalty transaction', by which you can force them to forfeit their own balance for trying to cheat. This cheat catching can be outsourced/automated, but I haven't been convinced it's a perfect enough solution and am still looking for information on it.
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:18:36
One thing to consider with CoinJar is that their bitcoin price is usually a lot higher than elsewhere, so even though there fees are 1%, you're also paying more per coin. It does work both ways though - you can sell bitcoin via CoinJar at a higher price than elsewhere.
Regarding hardware wallets, you just need to understand one *very important* thing: your 'private key' *is your bitcoin*. If the private key is discovered by someone else they have 100% control over your bitcoin (i.e. they can simply transfer it to their own wallet). If you lose your private key there is literally *no way to recover your bitcoin*.
If you use a hardware wallet (or any other wallet under your control), you are responsible for that private key, and therefore for the safety of your bitcoin. If you lose your private key you *lose your bitcoin forever*. If someone finds your private key (e.g. by hacking your PC), they can steal your bitcoin and you *can't get it back*. There is no bank to cancel an 'unauthorised' withdrawal; there is no recovery email that resets your private key if you lose it.
Bitcoin wallets provide a 'recovery seed', which is a set words that encode your private key. If you lose your wallet, you can recreate it 100% from this recovery phrase (as can anyone else who 'finds' your phrase). The type of wallet doesn't matter. You write down your 24 words and ensure that nobody else has access to it and that it is safe from fire, flood, etc. You *keep it off electronic devices that connect to the internet*.
Your recovery seed is a backup of your entire wallet. It doesn't matter what happens to the original - you can simply restore from the backup any time, as your wallet (or the recovery seed)* is effectively your bitcoin*.
I'd suggest reading up on the different types of wallets and their strengths and weaknesses. If you decide to store your bitcoin in your own wallet (which most people would recommend), test the wallet with small amounts of bitcoin first. Transfer a couple of dollars in, then wipe/uninstall the wallet and restore it from your recovery seed (which you will be given when first setting up the wallet). Once you have it all working, you can transfer your whole balance there.
@_date: 2017-12-16 09:18:26
I don't think we'll have lightning for months at best, and even then there is the time it will take to gain adoption.
We've had segwit for months, and it has barely done anything - fees have never been higher, and in times of congestion the fees are utterly ridiculous.
A $1 fee might get confirmed in a few hours. It might get stuck for days.


I don't use bitcoin daily *because I can't*. The fees make it pointless. It's a chicken/egg situation. And every day that the fees stay like this, people will turn to other crypto currencies.
I don't think LN adoption will be fast enough (even if LN gets here very soon) to relieve pressure on the blockchain in the medium term.
@_date: 2017-12-13 04:37:40
Wow, that's surprising.
I think it's acceptable to increase the cost of running nodes in the short term if it makes bitcoin usable though. Hardware and bandwidth will catch up 
Otherwise, LN needs to get here quickly, and segwit adoption needs to increase (plus Schnoor signatures and whatever else is in the cards).
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:40:13


Think about the typical use cases for transactions on such a network. As an individual, what are your normal money transactions? Buying things, paying bills, etc. That is, ignoring salary, your money tends to go one direction. All that is required for that is that you can reach the business or person via the network.
If I want to pay someone 3 steps away on the network, my payment is passed along - the other parties don't need to have funds
This article describes the network:
 


This is how it's designed and expected to work. If it doesn't, I'll use litecoin instead.
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:06:04
The blockchain still runs as usual under the lightning network. The vast majority of transactions will be on the lightning network, but there still needs to be opening and closing transactions on the blockchain, and there can still be regular blockchain transactions.
As I understand it, the blocksize will gradually increase to meet demand, and in theory the blocks would end up being quite large (100MB+) and each will hold enough transactions to pay miners plenty.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:20:40


There are a few things we need to parse from this question to answer it fully.
Firstly, yes, you must use regular bitcoin transactions to open and close channels. You can also use bitcoin transactions to 'top up' a channel balance. So a use case might be: open a channel, use it for a period of time with an occasional 'top up' on-chain transaction, and then eventually close it. Maybe ~4 bitcoin transactions in a month to accommodate 100 LN transactions.


This is not a *requirement*. If your balance runs out you will probably want to top it up. You can also receive payments via LN, so you could avoid putting money into your channels by being paid via LN (perhaps employers will one day pay a portion of your salary in LN.


On of LN's big benefits is that it moves most bitcoin transaction needs 'off chain'. If people are doing their payments and transfers via LN, they won't need to do as many on-chain transactions (e.g. 2 bitcoin transactions + LN could replace dozens or hundreds of bitcoin transactions). This will mean that blockspace becomes less in demand, so the fees required to do a blockchain transaction would fall in relation to LN adoption.
LN should have a similar effect on fees as increasing the block size (because effectively, LN allows for blocks to hold the equivalent of many more transactions). If each LN channel processes only 10 transactions (which is a lot lower than should be expected), that's equivalent to increasing the blocksize to 5mb (sort of, and assuming a decent adoption rate).
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:00:57


It absolutely is a long-term solution.
Segwit makes transactions smaller - thus more transactions per MB of block space, whatever the block size. With full segwit adoption you get almost double the transactions per block.
With segwit and LN channels that do 100 transactions each, you can effectively get 200 transactions into the block space of 1 regular bitcoin transaction.
Segwit (and LN, and Schnoor signatures) are all about making the blocks more efficient (as opposed to simply making the blocks bigger). That way, the block size can remain modest compared to the amount of adoption/use, and therefore the ability to run a node is kept available to more people, and miners and large corporations have less advantage.
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:59:08
No, he typed duckroll.
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:26:06
LOL 'original vision'. What a nonsensical argument.
Do you watch a black-and-white 'original vision' TV? Do you use an 8086 PC with 640kB of RAM?
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:18:41
Bcash blocks currently carry far less data(transactions) than Bitcoin blocks though. That's the point: bcash is faster/cheaper because it is dealing with ~10% of the volume of bitcoin.
Bcash blocks are generally under 200kb, so their max size is irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:59:16
Yes, I think the block size definitely needs to increase.
Even though LN would effectively increase throughput by ~100x, I don't see that happening any time soon. LN relies on adoption, and most bitcoin transactions now are just investors/traders. LN's use case is for retail, so I think adoption would be quite slow. 
Something is needed *now* and during the early days of LN adoption.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:02:07
There is a concerted effort to co-opt the bitcoin 'brand' for bcash. Many there believe bcash literally is bitcoin. They are delusional.
That kind of weird behavior only really makes sense if those people know that bcash is unable to succeed on its own merits, so therefore they feel the need to try to trick people into thinking bcash is bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:57:34


It's a  bit 'chicken and egg', but LN adoption should lead to reduced load on the blockchain. I assume (not 100% sure) that anyone using LN will have to use segwit too, which would improve segwit adoption, also relieving the blockchain a bit.
LN should reduce demand for block space, and should thus decrease fees to reasonable levels. I would expect in the early days of LN the block fees could rise (there will likely be a rush to open channels), but once that subsides, the demand for blockspace should drop as many transactions are done in LN.
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:43:34


Segwit/Schnoor/etc. make each transaction smaller, getting more per MB on the blocks. On LN, people can transact as much as they want and hardly ever settle to the blockchain.
It's been calculated that LN could handle 2 transactions each per day for all 7 billion people on Earth with an underlying block size of ~130MB. And that scale will not be needed for years, during which other problems could be solved, and efficiency improved.
Using LN *as intended* does not require a lot of on-chain transctions. You could theoretically be paid via LN/bitcoin, do the occasional transaction to top up your channel or transfer money to 'savings' (the blockchain). Regular users are more likely to keep a channel open, and use it indefinitely, topping it up when they run out of cash.


I can't disagree with that attitude. Bitcoin is currently unusable. I do believe the scaling will work in the long term, but if bitcoin fails because of the lack of short- and mid-term relief, then it's all for nothing. I'm definitely on the verge of quitting bitcoin. It has no use if I need to pay $20 for any transaction, and there is no concrete information about relief.
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:41:38


Lightning network does not increase centralisation. It introduces speed and fees low enough to allow micro transactions, as well as privacy improvements - all things that are valuable to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:01:29
I demonstrated my maths, you can't refute it. Pretty sad to put your head in the sand because you know you're wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:53:27
And this is exactly why there are trademark rules in commerce. If Bitcoin was a trademark, Bitcoin Cash would be in obvious breach of it. It would be like making a brown drink in a curvy bottle with a red label and calling it 'Coka Kola'.
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:10:56


No, that is not the *entire point* of Bitcoin. The point is a trustless, peer-to-peer money system that is free of centralisation and censorship, and gives people power to control their own money.
Low fees are a *necessity* for that to work, but is not the point of it all.


Nobody actually said that. The point is that it's easy for bcash to have lower fees/faster confirmations because it hasn't yet run into scaling issues, whereas Bitcoin has passed the current limit of its scalability.
Bitcoin's terrible fee situation is a result of a long-term plan for sustainable scaling taking precedence over short-term improvements. It's neither wrong nor correct - it's just the chosen path.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:20:08
This is not how it works. LN is a *network*, like the Internet. If there is enough adoption, it will be likely that there is a route to any person or business you wish to do business with.
You will likely be connected to both Starblocks and Zip coffee by one or more intermediaries (friends, family, other businesses, etc.). It just requires a critical mass of nodes/channels. Since running a node can generate income, there is a good chance many nodes would crop up all over the place.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:12:00
I would point out that the current financial system also uses a lot of power - all those ATMs, electronic transfers happening constantly (far more frequently than bitcoin transactions), physical banks using electricity, every merchant in the world hooked up to one or more EFT systems, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-18 08:48:25
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:50:40


I think calling LN vapourware is not called for. It is running in test, anyone can try it out. Progress is happening, and there is no reason to think it's not progressing nicely.


This is fair. It's not yet proven in a real-world scenario, but it looks promising.
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:28:06


And what about data allowances? 8MB/10 minutes is over 1GB/day. Most of the developed world doesn't have data allowances close to that, never mind the developing world.
And then there's storage and processing the blocks (within that 10-minute window).


This oft-repeated comment misses the point completely. The aim is to enable as many people as possible *the ability to run a node*. The more accessible it is, the more decentralisation we can have.
If all other things were equal, it would be better to have smaller blocks (i.e. cheaper to run nodes) than bigger ones, as it would allow for more nodes, therefore more decentralisation.
That's a lot of money to someone who earns $1 a day. Keeping blocks small (and scaling off-chain) can get the cost of running nodes to come down (thanks to Moore's Law). If 2MB blocks can do the equivalent throughput of 200MB blocks (by using lightning, segwit, etc.), the network would be potentially far more decentralised due to nodes being cheap to run.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:46:45
In simple terms, the bitcoin transaction places funds into your LN channel. This is a proper bitcoin transaction. Then you have another transaction that is unconfirmed and represents the balance (e.g. 1BTC, 0.5BTC each for you and Bob). The LN transactions just change the balances in these channels. When the channel is eventually settled, the most recent balance is written to the blockchain as a regular bitcoin transaction.
LN nodes process the balance changes.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:46:58
You won't get 'dust' in lightning. Lightning doesn't actually create transactions for every payment. It's more like a standing balance. You pay Fred 0.0001BTC, and the outputs of the 'settlement transaction' between the two of you is modified accordingly.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:06:40
No, this is incorrect.
The LN is designed to be used is that you will use two on-chain transactions (like you said to open and settle a channel), but you would then do as many LN transactions within that channel *instead of using the blockchain directly* for you transfers and spending (and receiving).
Typically, you might put some bitcoin in an LN channel, then use that channel for a long time for dozens or hundreds of transactions before eventually settling it. So, if utilised well, you could use LN to do hundreds of transactions with only 2 on-chain transactions.
There would be far fewer on-chain transactions because they simply wouldn't be needed by most users very often.
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:38:33
Yes, anyone who disagrees that bcash's scaling is working (at least for the short/medium term) is a fool.
Scaling only through massive blocks is short-sighted and dumb in the long term, but it's a great short-term solution that bitcoin should have adopted. The fees are ridiculous, and pretty regularly it gets more-or-less unusable.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:42:55
This sounds like a great use for 'streaming money'. Anyone with niche websites or apps knows that ad revenue is really hard to come by.
For example, my game dev blog earns ~$5 a month in ad revenue - not much, but it covers the hosting cost. The problem is the ~$50 payment threshold to get paid - because it costs the ad provider money to make payments. It can take months to reach the payment threshold. With streaming money, people can get paid in real time.
Blockchain without further scaling addons cannot achieve stuff like that.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:19:36


Yes. The 'big picture' idea is that the network will be so big that everyone will effectively be connected at all times, just like the Internet: I'm only connected to my ISP, but we can still communicate via Reddit.


Basically, two parties will need to have active LN channels, which implies they will have funds in them.
It would be like exchanging money between credit cards. If you pay me 0.1BTC my credit card balance increases by 0.1 and yours decreases by 0.1.
'tied up' is not the correct way to think of it. Think of your bitcoin wallet (paper, hardware, whatever) as your bank account/savings, and your funds in LN as your debit card. If you need to put that money back into your savings, you'll need a bitcoin on-chain transaction, but for the vast majority of real-world use cases, you will use that money for your bills, shopping, coffees, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:48:57


LN uses multi-sig, so would LN adoption also lead to more efficient blocks (i.e. as more transactions become LN channel opens/closes, more block space becomes available)?
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:30:14


Not exactly.


You must use a regular bitcoin payment to open a channel, so double-spending would work exactly as it does with any bitcoin payment.


No. This test version is. LN nodes can be run by individuals, small businesses, etc. They should be about as costly to run as a bitcoin node, but also offer income possibilities through fees for routing payments over the network.


The underlying blockchain remains the same, and can always be used (with much lower fees than currently). If node costs are kept low, there is plenty of incentive for nodes to pop up everywhere
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:51:25


No, not if LN has any decent amount of usage. The more people adopt bitcoin/LN, the more robust the network is. Even in the early days, if businesses/banks start using bitcoin, there will be a permanent network of businesses that you would be able to transact with through a single open channel. Add individuals and small businesses, and it should be practical for instant payment to almost anyone.
Best-cast scenario is opening a single channel semi-permanently (maybe 1 per year or less). Worst-case scenario is maybe opening a channel per week, which may or may not be good enough.
Also don't forget that LN relieves pressure on the blockchain, thus reducing blockchain fees, thus making it cheaper to open and close LN channels. Even if the number of channels needed per person is higher than expected, the cost for the associated blockchain transactions should still be a massive improvement in fees.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:28:20
He either spends it (to anyone else on the lightning network - and that 0.0001BTC can be spent partially, fully, or as part of a larger payment), or he settles the channel and it goes back to his wallet.
He can add more funds to his channel(s) at any time too (either himself or by receiving an LN payment from another party).
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:36:50
Firstly, block congestion will naturally ease with LN adoption, so block size will become less important.
Secondly, most estimates are that block size will need to increase as adoption does, but the good news is that each block size increase will be more effective, since LN effectively multiplies the throughput.
Most believe block size increases are inevitable, and I really don't see how bitcoin can scale well without one in the near future.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:22:37
LN works on top of bitcoin. Without the underlying crypto currency there is nothing there. Each LN channel has an underlying bitcoin transaction. LN relies on the bitcoin protocol to work.
LN *enables bitcoin scaling*, it doesn't really scale itself (except in the sense that a network can grow). It's still the bitcoin blocks that eventually store all the bitcoin balances.
LN is fast because a channel works kind of like a suspended bitcoin transaction:
* you and Fred open a channel by creating a bitcoin transaction that has 0.5BTC output to each of you, and the transaction can only be settled by both of you
* the channel balance can be updated by one party sending a payment to the other. The underlying transaction balance changes, e.g. to 0.4BTC to you and 0.6BTC to Fred. No bitcoin transaction is needed for that, just that the two parties agree this is the new balance of the channel.
* channels can settle other channels. If Bob is connected to Fred and pays you 0.1BTC, that is passed along via Fred. With a large enough network anyone can pay anyone instantly
LN helps decentralisation because it works to keep the blockchain slim. By reducing the amount of transactions on the blockchain, the cost to run nodes is kept down. LN nodes can earn money, so there is incentive to run them, and thus more chance that the nodes will be spread far and wide and not be centralised.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:25:19
Miners are happy to mine bcash with fees a tiny fraction of bitcoin's.
Miners are currently getting 12.5BTC per block, which is ~USD$200,000.
If LN enables massive scaling, the economies of scale will ensure miners still make decent money. Blockchain fees of ~$1 will earn miners a lot of money when the blocks are increased to support massive demand, and when things like segwit improve the number of transactions per MB of block space.
e.g. if blocksize increases to 8mb in a couple of years, and LN, segwit, Schnoor signatures, and other efficiencies are well adopted, miners could be getting a lot more money per block than they are today. Fees will be lower, but more people will be paying those fees.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:08:31
Wouldn't it be more like the US making "United States Dollar Cash" legal tender alongside the "United States Dollar", but with a vastly different value. Imagine the confusion that would cause (and the inevitable schemes to rip people off). There are already people in r/btc pushing the narrative that 'bitcoin' means bcash, which is obviously not true, but the noobs who see bitcoin in the news, etc. could easily be deceived.
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:30:48


Yes, right now. Because right now (and for the past week or more) congestion has been much higher than normal (mempool is about 1/4 what it was a week ago).


See how you used the word 'currently'? That's my point. When the current wave of congestion calms, fees will be back to ~$3. There is no point using extreme data points as if they are the norm. Bitcoin fees can get up to ~$20, but two weeks ago you could confirm a $1 fee in a block or two, and the same will probably be the case a week or two from now (though, actually, Christmas might cause more spikes in usage and adoption, so maybe this spike will last into the new year).


You can be scammed with on-chain payments too (though it's not as staightforward). There are things in place that will mitigate fraud risks, such as 3rd party services for monitoring for incorrect channel closures (or you can do it yourself). The risks are lower than the risk of using a 'tap-to-pay' card.


Or in realistic terms:
* if you are offline, and
* you have a channel open with a dishonest person, and
* you have no deal with a 3rd party service (which would be effectively free, as they will be paid from the penalty transaction) to monitor the channel, and
* the dishonest person is willing to take the risk of losing their stake in a channel, and
* wallet providers, etc. don't implement security into their apps, etc.
If miners run 'security nodes', it should be pretty robust, with almost no chance of a fraudulent channel settlement.
I totally agree that this is not perfect, but there is a fair deal of security there, and the only money at any (negligible) risk is what you leave in a channel (just like leaving cash in a wallet).
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:13:03


The consensus is that block size increases should be a last resort of scaling due to the dangers (hard forks are inherently risky, and larger block sizes can lead to centralisation).
All the long-term scaling solutions *require* block size increases in the long-term, but the attitude (at least as I infer) is that bitcoin can suffer while in the early adopter phase, so issues that affect the long-term scalability can be put into place.
If bitcoin has any chance of being a mainstream, worldwide payment system it needs massive scaling. Smaller block sizes are ideal (decentralisation is a major concern), so making each transaction as efficient as possible will make future scaling (e.g. block size increases) more impactful.


What incentive is there for not increasing the block size? I think even the most tinfoil hat theories of the dev team's motives would have to concede that mainstream, worldwide adoption of bitcoin is to their advantage, and that can't happen on 1MB blocks. If the current situation continues for much longer, people will leave bitcoin en masse. Nobody wins. Except maybe Litecoin.
I'd say the only real question is *when* a block size increase will happen. Obviously it would help the network right now if a block size increase happened. But if other scaling gets here quick enough it might not matter (e.g. the big exchanges could implement segwit and improve their use of batching, reducing the number of transactions and their sizes significantly).
I personally appreciate the need for careful, considered change rather than short-term knee-jerk band-aid solutions...but I'm close to running out of patience with bitcoin, as it is currently completely useless as a currency :(
@_date: 2018-05-13 23:28:44
FYI, the Australian government that did this is right of centre.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:33:03


According to  , lightning plus ~133MB blocks will be capable of 2 transactions for *every person on Earth* per day.
And that's without segwit, and without any other efficiency boosts (e.g. Schnoor signatures), which make transaction sizes smaller and thus fit more per MB of block space.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:26:32


This will come down to software and service implementation. I'd expect someone to create a wallet with two 'tiers' - spending money and savings, so to speak. Your spending money is put into a lightning channel, and your savings remains 'regular' bitcoin. The wallet should handle all the background details, and you just worry about spending (and receiving).


People mentioning costs per day, etc. are misunderstanding. You could have a channel open for any length of time. It will depend on your needs. A more likely scenario is to have a channel open for a month or more. ~$2 for a month of transactions is definitely comparable to bank account fees.
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:18:01
Swapping your money for BTC (and vice versa) is a *service* from Coinbase, etc. They are charging you for a service, not to access your money.
It's basically the same as taking some dollars to a cash exchange and swapping it for another currency - you get charged a fee.
The fees for buying/selling BTC are annoying, but usually they get undone by the value rising :)
@_date: 2017-08-19 04:19:57
Here's how I did it, which seems a bit simpler:
1) Moved all my BTC to a brand new wallet (cold storage)
2) (after confirming the above step had completed/confirmed) Restore my original wallet from the passphrase into Electron wallet (a BCH-specific wallet).
3) Sent the BCH to a brand-new BCH wallet in the Coinomi phone app
4) Exchanged the BCH for BTC via the Coinomi phone app
5) (once step 4 completed, which took a while, probably because it was early in the life of BCH) Moved my new BTC to cold storage with the rest.
Just make sure you confirm your BTC has arrived at the new walled in Step 1 before continuing. You will want to take the usual precautions - send small amounts to test before sending a large amount. Get rid of your temporary wallets once they are empty.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:28:13
Check the fees for your country. The fees are based on the type of payment. Paying friends is free in my country, but other payments have fees of about 2.5% - 7.4% depending on the specifics.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:12:55
I'd say the analogy for a courier would be backwards :) They do charge by weight (and size). But bitcoin fees are like a courier charging based on the value of what is in the box rather than the size/weight.
The courier's job is to transport an object. What the object is doesn't matter; the work is in carrying it a long way.
Bitcoin's service is funds transfer. What really matters is the value of the transfer, not the digital 'size' of the transaction. Even charging by the transaction volume makes no sense really - as I understand it, the amount of work involved doesn't scale with the value. But that's what people expect, and that's fair. Help me transfer a few dollars...small service; help me transfer a few thousand...big service.
Technically, the size of the data makes sense as a measure of work being done. But to an end user it is an absolutely stupid measure of the service they are receiving (and paying for).
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:23:08
Paypal fees vary from 0 to 7.4% (in my country). They may go even higher elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-08-28 01:04:45
If people are expected to manage the amount they pay by selecting multiple variables in their wallet software, Bitcoin will never take off in the mainstream.
Payment with a credit card/debit card is effectively instant, simple, and free (from the consumer's point of view anyway).
Improving how wallets expose fee structure to the user is putting lipstick on a pig.
@_date: 2017-08-28 00:55:00
You're ignoring that bitcoin has risen sharply in price in that time, so swapping bcash for Bitcoin would have been profitable for everyone. 
Those who happened to swap while bcash was at a low point (which I did - around US$400) still made money on the fact the resulting Bitcoin received has since gone up a lot (obviously not as much as would have been gained by holding a bit longer, but getting free money is preferable to trying to time the price).


A gain only counts when you've sold though. Bcash is currently down quite a bit from its high point and shows no sign of getting back there.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:49:02
Yeah, direct comparisons are not going to work well because crypto currency is fundamentally different to fiat currency/credit cards.
But you *can* directly compare usability. In terms of what the average person finds easiest to use, credit cards beat out Bitcoin in pretty much every way (no fee and instant payment vs. paying a variable fee based on the *amount of data* being transmitted and how fast you want the payment confirmed).
For Bitcoin to be adopted by the man on the street, it needs to not only be a better *idea* than fiat currency (which I think we probably agree it is), but also be at least as straightforward to use (it's not easy to break a status quo unless you can demonstrate the new way is better). It sounds like LN is going to be a big step in the right direction for this.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:58:19
That's not really the same thing, and many people do, in fact, find the concept of data volume confusing.
Phone data is paying directly for data, and it's predictable - video uses more data than text, for example. An MP3 download will be roughly the same size for every song, whereas a Bitcoin transaction's size is not in any way a reasonable measure of how much it should cost the end user. It's 100% more intuitive for a person to know they can use data on their phone until it runs out, and that certain use uses more data. It makes no sense, however, for a $3 fee on a $5 payment or having fees determined by the payment's size in bytes.
Bitcoin fees are not directly related to the amount being paid, which is what people would expect. For mainstream acceptance, fees need to be predictable, and either fixed or relative to the transaction amount (or a combination of both).
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:34:14
It sounds like you're deliberately trying to make Bitcoin seem more expensive and slower than Paypal, which is completely untrue.
1) Your chart implies it is more expensive to use Bitcoin for a transaction, but it is almost always cheaper than Paypal. Factoring in block rewards/miner earnings is dumb. It's just a way of presenting the information to mislead.
2) You can't consider Paypal transactions confirmed until the payee has access to spend the money. This can take up to several weeks with Paypal, and rarely longer than an hour or two with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:13:21
It is disingenuous to use a dollar amount for fee comparison. Compare the % cost. I would guess Paypal's fees are actually the higher based on a percentage of the transaction.
For the money to actually be "owned", Bitcoin is usually faster. Paypal payments are not complete until the receiver can actually use the cash, which can take up to several weeks. Bitcoin transactions usually get confirmed within 15 minutes, as your data shows.
A big difference that should be mentioned is that Paypal transactions can be reversed by the payer, but Bitcoin payments cannot. A Paypal payment can not be considered truly complete until the payer is no longer able to grab the payment back.
@_date: 2017-08-26 08:38:51


It's all factored into the system. The banks, credit companies, and merchants choose to work within certain levels of risk.
The cost of not accepting credit card payment is higher than the potential losses from fraud. If all parties involved (Visa, bank, merchant, customer) weren't benefitting from credit cards, they wouldn't be used.


Merchants have insurance, and a certain level of loss is factored into their prices. Chargebacks are not as common as you are implying.


Those merchants choose to allow risky transactions or not.


Nothing you mention contradicts anything I previously said. You're treating edge cases as the norm, which is illogical.


Bitcoin is supposed to be trustless. Anyone can make a fake transaction and it would not be detectable until some amount of time later. Merchants who accept your bitcoin without waiting for confirmation are trusting you won't steal from them, just as they trust a credit card transacition. You're using Bitcoin like a credit card transaction, only in this case it would arguably be more difficult to do a 'fake transaciton' with a credit card because the card validity is checked immediately at the point of sale rather than 10-30 minutes later.


Sigh. I never said anything about Bitcoin not being usable. That doesn't change the fact that bitcoin is not currently better than fiat currency and credit cards in everyday situations for the majority of people and use cases.
I use fiat currency (almost) exclusively, and I don't pay any fees, don't have any confirmation times on transactions, and am protected against most fraud (I had my credit card details stolen once, and the bank spotted it straight away without any loss *because that's a benefit of the credit card system*).
Until bitcoin can compete with CC on fees, speed, and reliability, it won't gain mainstream acceptance.
There are plenty of aspects of money that bitcoin doesn't do as well as credit cards *currently*. If you don't see that objective truth then you are blind. Bitcoin has great potential, but currently it's just potential.
@_date: 2017-08-28 01:57:56
Why is that amusing? 
Hundreds of millions, if not billions of people every day use the banking system with no issues, both as consumers and businesses. No government or bank is perfect, but in the developed world, the system basically works for almost everyone almost all the time.
There is a huge amount of scope between a perfect system and a useless one, and the western world is far closer to a perfect system than it is to a useless one. If you only see the world in black and white then that's your prerogative.
@_date: 2017-08-26 08:12:58
It makes perfect sense *from the technical side*. To an end user it is utterly ridiculous and counter-intuitive.
Fees need to be predictable, and they need to relate to what the user perceives as the service, i.e. transferring 'x' amount of currency.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:21:10
That's a $20,000 transaction. That would cost at least $100 (0.5% -
 the lowest fee rate) via Paypal, but more likely a lot more (the fees can be over 7% depending on the specifics).
And if the money is sourced from a credit card it will take weeks to clear.
So while $60/60 days is not typical for Bitcoin (even for a very large transaction), it would be a bargain for a Paypal transaction.
* some Paypal transactions are free, though, and you can usually send a Bitcoin transaction for any amount for a couple of dollars at most.
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:27:07
It's pretty simple:
Contact Coinbase support with a brief explanation of the situation. Ask what they require to hand over the account. There is no point hiring a lawyer unless you need to.
As someone else pointed out, this happens every day with all kinds of services and products. There will be a procedure in place.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:05:52
I have no idea whose job it is to make Bitcoin usable to the general public :)
I don't know enough about the protocol to know why/how fees are currently determined. I just know that for average people to adopt the currency, it needs to be a lot more user friendly than it currently is. The fees need to be:
* low enough to be reasonable and compete with banks (I pay nothing to use my plastic card, nothing to transfer from bank to bank, for example)
* predictable/fixed - there has to be a set percentage and/or a flat fee, possibly a maximum too. A minimum fee will avoid breaking payments down into multiple tiny amounts. A percentage would be fair (perhaps tapering off at higher amounts), and a maximum would allow the coin to be used for large transfers (I think I paid a few hundred dollars for the bank cheque to transfer my mortgage funds to pay for my house - with Bitcoin I would have paid thousands).
* transparent/based on the *service*, which is the amount of funds being transferred, not the amount of data being moved around.
No matter how big Bitcoin is, or how big it might get, a currency that does a better job of appealing to the general public can and will take over.
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:40:08
Your money isn't gone when a hardware wallet is wiped. As long as you followed the instructions and created a backup of the recovery phrase, you will be able to restore your wallet.
All you need to access your bitcoin is access to the private key(s). A hardware wallet's backup phrase recreates your private key.
@_date: 2017-08-27 01:26:09


I'm pretty open-minded about these currencies, but I've noticed that many bcash supporters use a lot of propaganda type language patterns, and there are clearly some organised attempts to promote it with astroturfing (you can tell this is happening by seeing how many comments explicitly supporting bcash show up very quickly on threads and tweets not directly talking about bcash, all using 'talking points' like the high cost of bitcoin fees).
It all seems very dodgy. When something is being promoted in such a desperate manner, I stay away.
@_date: 2017-08-28 14:13:52
Hindsight is 20/20. Arguably trading bitcoin for bcash would have been the riskier option since there were more unknowns. Only those who sold bcash at its lowest value would have missed out.
The point is that 'missing out on 100% gains [in bcash]' is ignoring the fact that Bitcoin also rose sharply in value over the same period.
@_date: 2017-08-05 11:31:06
The one built into the Coinoni app - Shapeshift.io apparently.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:45:55
I am of the same opinion, but it seems like this problem is already on the way to being solved. The lightening network will apparently make small transactions very cheap and have faster (instant?) confirmation. You'd use a bitcoin wallet as a bank account and have a small amount in lightening for your daily spending (just like cash in your physical wallet). At least that;s how I understand it.
@_date: 2017-08-18 01:45:12
Bitcoin won't become mainstream until (if) people can use it more easily than regular money. The immediate problems are:
* ridiculous fee structure (paying per byte? that makes no sense to any regular person. When your bank charges less for a transaction you know there's a problem)
* slowness - waiting for payments to confirm is not intuitive, and will scare people away. Not suitable for daily currency use.
* Complicated nature of the tech. Losing a piece of paper or a broken computer can cost someone their entire net worth.
* Most people have no idea how Bitcoin works, and it's not at all intuitive or simple.
If those problems can be solved in ways that make Bitcoin better than alternatives, it may become mainstream. More likely (in my opinion), a different crypto currency, built from the ground up with user-friendliness in mind, will come along and take the mainstream.
I think a lot of people in this echo chamber ignore the fact that it's the general public who decide what tech to use - it doesn't matter which is 'best', it's which is easiest and/or best marketed.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:43:03
One day. Despite being sh*t, Paypal still has advantages over Bitcoin in some areas:
* Easier/cheaper to fund from your bank/credit card
* uses fiat currency (yes, this is an advantage in usability right now)
* Ease of use - no need to select fees, no need to understand complex technology
* Sane units - no 0.00003423 type prices.
When Bitcoin makes sense to regular people (predictable, fair fees, sensible units), and perhaps when services built on top of bitcoin make a good tradeoff between convenience and security (which lightening seems to offer), people will start to use it.
@_date: 2017-08-28 01:23:21


Do you think that matters to the average person on the street?
Credit cards could easily implement better security or even some elements of crypto currency if the banks consider the threat big enough.
Bitcoin has to be pretty much objectively better than credit cards in nearly every aspect for mainstream adoption.


I agree. Bitcoin is *rubbish* for convenience right now, but the privacy and security aspects are clearly amazing, and very valuable for people in places where banks and governments can't be trusted at all (say what you will about western banks and governments, but the system does work).
My concern in developing countries is whether these people can afford fees that can be easily in double figures percentage for very small transactions. A poor person isn't going to benefit from the cost of transferring $1,000 being the same as the cost for transferring $1. Plus it's inherently counter-intuitive to pay a fee based on the amount of data in a transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:57:59
Here's what I did:
1) Moved all my BTC to a new wallet
2) Restored the old wallet (which now was empty of BTC) in a BCH-specific wallet (Electron), which gave me access to the BCH equivalent of the BTC
3) Transferred the BCH to another wallet - I used a BCH wallet on my phone app
4) Used the exchange built into my phone wallet app to exchange the BCH to BTC.
Pretty straightforward, but anything involving BCH seems to take a long time. The exchange from BCH to BTC took several hours.
@_date: 2017-08-28 03:50:34


No, since the banking system works pretty well for pretty much everyone (despite obviously being imperfect).


How about the 100s of millions of people who use the banking system for their pay, mortgages, car loans, shopping, etc. every day of their lives with no real issues? I can go into any shop, whip out my debit card and make a free, instant payment.
It works, but it's not perfect. Hence your black-and-white appraisal is nonsense.


Wrong. I'm not an American either.


See above.


Except I'm not wrong. Note that I have stated that I am speaking of the developed/western world, and of course things are quite different in developing countries where governments (and by association the banks) are not as benign. Those are the places where tech like Bitcoin is important *now*.
The banking system works, and governments work *for the most part*, for most people in the developed world.
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:45:11
Then your buddies are idiots. If the system didn't work, the world would collapse into chaos.
You're out of touch with reality.
Please reply if you can quantify your claim that the world's banking system doesn't work with some evidence that counters the obvious, undeniable fact that hundreds of millions of people get by just fine with the current system.
It seems to me you just don't have the intellectual capacity to understand that something can be imperfect, yet still mostly work.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:16:34
That's evidence that the banking system *isn't perfect*, not that it doesn't work.
You're going to have to do better than that since 100s of millions of people use the banking system every day without issue for all the financial needs - wages, loans, savings, shopping, etc.
It's an imperfect system - with flaws and corruption, but it still works for the most part. The world would collapse into chaos if it didn't.
@_date: 2017-08-10 01:37:00


Perhaps it would be if I was American, which I'm not.


No. There is plenty of room for variance in the size of the most common denomination, as there is in fiat currencies. I'm saying the everyday denomination for Bitcoin needs to be within that range rather than using Bitcoin (far too large) or satoshi (far too small). The everyday unit needs to be roughly comparable to fiat currencies.


Because humans can't process very large or very small numbers.
Many years ago in a former job, I had to explain a 3rd decimal place to customers on a revamped billing system. Nothing could have prepared me for the ignorance and difficulty in understanding I encountered for something that anyone with a tiny amount of maths knowledge would easily grasp. At least 25% of people seem to think that 0.159 is a larger amount than 0.16.


I would like Bitcoin to become more mainstream. That won't happen with the current denominations, and it won't happen by people arbitrarily making up their own denominations. It would be helped if the everyday denomination was something that has a real-world, everyday value. A satoshi has practically no value. A (full) Bitcoin is more than many people *in the developed world* earn in a month, let alone in developing countries where Bitcoin has more potential.
Ignoring the way regular people think and live will not lead to Bitcoin gaining mainstream use. It will stay as something for techy people. Then a crypto currency that works for regular folk will come along and, like in every 'format war', will take over by being more convenient/understandable rather than necessarily being better.
As a new Bitcoin user, I am shocked at how non-user friendly it is after ~8 years of existence. There is a LONG way to go before regular people will use Bitcoin, and thus plenty of time for a competitor to come along and cater to those people better.
@_date: 2017-08-10 01:02:05


That's true, but Yen prices are still within a range that makes sense to humans. And large numbers are easier to understand than tiny fractions.
When currencies inflate hugely, some countries have effectively created new denominations where 1 'new thing' is equal to 1,000,000 'original thing', and printed new notes.
If Bitcoin is to be an everyday currency for regular people (I know that's not what everyone wants or expects), the everyday unit needs to be within the range of 50c - $5. On the lower end would make more sense because the value will probably keep rising.
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:38:55
That sounds pretty good, as long as it's easy to use. Keep most funds securely in a hardware wallet or cold storage, keep an everyday amount on lightening for transactions. 
Just like a bank account and cash in a wallet!
@_date: 2017-08-01 04:57:27
Follow instructions. It won't automatically show in your wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-18 02:22:34
Eternity. You have an address on the Bcash chain with the coins. They are not going anywhere. There is no 'claiming' required. You simply have access to the coins as long as you have access to the address.
FWIW, the price of Bcash has gone pretty high in the last 24 hours. It might be a good time to sell them. Just be careful to know what you're doing, of course.
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:42:54
So your entire plan relies on Neelix not doing something dumb?
Back to the drawing board!
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:27:24
Have you seen this: 
Someone offering to buy accounts on the Bitcointalk forum.
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:32:16
Yes, but it needs a better way of charging/handling them.
It's just stupid for fees to be based on the data size of a transaction, and it's damaging for fees to be so inconsistent/variable. I'd also argue that letting the user change the fee is damaging, as it complicates bitcoin and makes mistakes easy. My first few test transactions cost me a ton in fees (relative to the small transaction amounts) because I didn't know what I was doing, and being charged per byte makes *no sense*.
Ideally, small transactions would be fee-free, but of course that would be easy to cheat (e.g. break a massive transaction into a million tiny ones).
I'd like a small percentage with a minimum (~ a few cents) to effectively make tiny transactions cheap but more expensive per BTC than larger ones.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:37:27
Do you seriously think that the average person will be OK with being charged according to the data size of a money transaction?
It's an insane way to charge for a financial transaction. To an end user it might as well be entirely arbitrary. It's unfit for general use. Fees are required for the system to work, but the fee needs to be predictable, reasonable, and consistent...at least if Bitcoin is ever going to be used for anything other than nerds swapping money around.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:19:50
Yeah, a small number of people are using Bitcoin for regular financial transactions. But I'm talking about mainstream use. Mainstream use isn't going to happen until Bitcoin s objectively better than the banking system in almost every way, with fees being particularly important.
It's currently cheaper for most people in the developed world to pay for things and transfer money using a bank. Banks have insane, unfair fees, but they are still generally cheaper to use than Bitcoin!
No average person is going to use a payment system that charges fees unrelated to the amount of a payment, and which can fuctuate between a few cents and a few dollars for buying a coffee.
I'm no expert, but it seems like the solution might be what I've seen mentioned around here - a second coin via 'lightening' being used for everyday transactions, with Bitcoin behind the scenes as a 'savings account'. If that can work seamlessly, it would be a huge improvement. That said, it would be very confusing for most people if the two currencies had different value (especially with the volatility bitcoin has).
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:20:14
This is very true, and true of almost all tech. The people who create the tech think that features and quality is what wins over the masses, but it's not - it's simplicity and low friction that does.
A crypto currency that 'just works' will come along eventually, and it will beat out all the others. It won't be technically the best, and it won't have the best developers or feature set...but it will be easy to use.
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:14:55


You've left out the important bits: to the end user, it doesn't matter. My bank account immediately reflects the spent funds. Chargeback is nowhere near as common or easy as you're implying (bank's generally look at it with suspicion), and it's the merchant/bank who takes the risk, not the user.


I use Paypal a lot, and it's more like 2 weeks. Via eBay it's approved once the item is marked as received, and I can spend or transfer it immediately.
I get regular monthly payments to paypal, and they are spendable within a couple of days of being sent (e.g. I'll get a payment notification on a Monday, and the money is in my account and spendable by Wednesday).
The CC system has a history of working fine. The vast majority of transactions are effectively instant, and the system is proven and reliable.


Paypal have some terrible practices. That's why I want Bitcoin to improve to become a viable replacement. Paypal is still the best place for receiving money for a lot of things.


Bitcoin is not fast. If I pay by credit card, the merchant immediately knows the payment is valid. The few times I've bought things online with bitcoin I have had to wait for a certain number of confirmations, at least 15 minutes or so.
Regardless of what is happening 'under the hood', CC payments are *instant* for all intents and purposes, but bitcoin transactions are not. CC payments are validated instantly even if they are not fully processed on the spot (i.e. the card is validated and available funds checked).
As for the cost...every bitcoin transaction costs money, and the cost is not relative to the amount spent, and not consistent. Most CC transaction costs are absorbed by the merchant, so are therefore free to the end user. And unless vendors start offering discounts for Bitcoin payment, those fees are passed on equally to everyone via prices.


I pay for my lunch with my Visa debit card. Transactions happen immediately. I pay zero fees. The payment is instantly visible in my bank account as a pending debit and the amount removed from my available funds. The merchant may wait 30 days to get their money, but the risk that they won't get it is extremely small and a cost of doing business. Do you think the CEO of McDonald's is waiting impatiently for my $16 Visa payment to clear before they can spend any money?


To the end user and merchant, CC is instant. The system is proven enough that both parties have 100% confidence in the transaction. That is not the case with Bitcoin. You could theoretically make an invalid BTC transaction and nobody knows it's invalid until you've left the shop. If someone makes a fraudulent CC transaction both the CC owner and the merchant are protected.
And for convenience, I've never been in a store that accepts bitcoin, and I doubt I've ever been in a store that *doesn't* accept Visa.
Bitcoin has  a long way to go before it is an acceptable alternative to credit and debit cards for the average person.
@_date: 2017-08-10 00:48:13


It's not.
Humans can't properly grok very large or very small numbers. 0.000003 is very difficult to compare with real everyday numbers. Anyone can *know* the distance in metres to the edge of the universe, but actually understanding that distance intuitively is impossible.
For Bitcoin to be embraced in any mainstream way it needs to be roughly comparable to the money people use already, where a single unit can buy a can of coke or a newspaper, and the largest amounts most people will ever deal with are under 1,000,000 (e.g. buying a house).
I'm new to Bitcoin (I sadly talked myself out of buying some ~5 years ago!), but it's clearly dominated by 'techy' people who have no idea about what regular folk would need out of a digital currency. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:41:27
I guess it's different where you live, but I am never charged for using my Visa card. The fees are almost always absorbed by the retailer. The only exception I can think of is small computer hardware stores seem to always pass on the credit card fees for some reason - but then you have the option of paying cash or EFT for zero fees.
It should probably also be mentioned that credit card fees come with a service - protection from fraud. If Bitcoin ever tries to go mainstream, the banks and credit card companies will hammer that aspect until the public is terrified of having the bitcoins stolen with no way of retrieval.
@_date: 2017-08-28 02:04:52
Yeah, that would be a massive improvement. It seems that bitcoin needs to be kept as the 'backend', with things like LN being the human-facing side. 
As someone pointed out to me in another thread, Bitcoin would be your savings account, and you would use LN as your everyday wallet. And who knows what other things could be built on top of the underlying tech?
If LN works as promised, Bitcoin stands a much better chance of hitting the mainstream. Then, once the world is comfortable with the idea of crypto currency, there could be some more dramatic shifts in how people use 'money' (i.e. things that don't directly match the fiat system, ideas that nobody has yet had). Pretty exciting.
@_date: 2017-08-05 03:51:35
In Australia we are already over $3900! Switch to AUD - instant profit.
@_date: 2017-08-26 03:22:33
Yeah, you're right. The underlying tech is potentially revolutionary. It just needs the extra layers on top to get to a point that make it usable and accessible widely.
@_date: 2017-08-17 12:21:58
"Send $10 around the world for a $3.95 fee"
@_date: 2018-06-02 03:52:09


True, but ~US$20 fees for an extended period effectively makes any payment below a few hundred dollars unfeasible.


Yet when Visa goes down for a short time, the r/bitcoin circle jerk proclaims it a complete and utter failure.


It's a weakness of the system if bad actors can so easily cripple it. In my opinion, it's a bigger flaw than the potential for Visa to go down momentarily. And nobody seems to have mentioned that you can actually do credit card and EFT payments offline.
If bitcoin was a major currency, massive spikes in fees lasting months would be a much bigger problem than Visa going down for a day or two.


But many people in this sub (the majority by the look of it) can't get their heads around the concept that fiat/Visa/Paypal actually do a pretty good job (and have done for a long time), and just because they are not perfect doesn't mean they have no merit.
This sub is childish, and the motive seems to be to promote bitcoin as a better alternative to fiat (which is a lot of ways it is), but I suspect the exaggerations, spin, and tunnel vision puts people off. Like others in this thread, I question why I bother with this forum.
@_date: 2018-06-04 09:53:36
I don't understand why people around here can be so confident of Bitcoin's success, yet feel the need to post lies like this in an effort to make Bitcoin look better.
Inflation is nowhere near as extreme as presented in this image. And on top of that, wages generally increase in line with inflation.
Bitcoin is good enough that we don't need to make up lies against fiat.
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:32:20
Bitcoin is a technology.
r/bitcoin is a cult of circle-jerking, condescending anyone who doesn't own or want bitcoin, self-congratulating at each other's genius for owning bitcoin, hubris, and tiresome memes.
@_date: 2017-11-19 16:39:21


I think there is zero chance that crypto currency will replace fiat in any major way until other scaling is in place. The fees are dumb, the confirmation time is dumb, the wallets and apps are mostly terrible.


Yeah, but if a bank or corporation takes all that is good about bitcoin and replaces all the rubbish parts (from an end-user perspective, not a technical one), bitcoin will probably become obsolete very quickly.
Bitcoin needs to progress in user-friendliness *before* the off-chain scaling comes along. It doesn't have to be perfect, but it needs to be better.


I don't disagree, but people are not going to be comfortable moving their money to a technology that is so counter intuitive. I think everyone would benefit if there was a concerted effort to make bitcoin easier to understand and use. Making better wallets would be a start.


I appreciate that, but it doesn't make it intuitive, and it makes bitcoin unusable for small transactions (which is what people would adopt it for first) until off-chain scaling arrives. It also benefits the wealthier users. Only earn $1 a day and you're 'unbanked'? Too bad, you can't use bitcoin because millionaire Frank is happy to pay $2 fees to get his transactions through a bit quicker.
There are possible solutions and improvements (e.g. reserving some block space for low-value, cheap or free transactions - tricky to do without leaving loopholes, however), though all is moot if lightening network arrives, and too little too late now.


I've tried several wallets, and they are all rubbish in one area or another. They are all designed for crypto enthusiasts. Compared to my bank's app they are utilitarian at best.
I know fees can't be changed (that bird has flown), but they can be better handled. Wallets shouldn't offer $10 fee to transfer $50. They could show fees as fiat and/or percentage of transaction amount. Exchanges could have more sensible fee policies (not fixed fees!).
Wallets could be more intuitive: "The network is busy. Transactions may cost more at the moment." That sort of thing. People need to know they pay for transactions, and what they are paying, but they don't need to know it is calculated from the data size of their transaction's inputs and outputs. If the fee is more than a certain amount (or percentage of the transaction amount), the wallet could give a warning prompt: 'The fee for this transaction exceeds XXX. Are you sure?'.
I've not yet seen a wallet that lets me set a flat fiat value for the fee. I don't want to waste energy figuring out how much 100sat/byte works out to. I don't want to calculate between BTC and mBTC (and possibly miss a decimal place and pay an $80 fee). Let me set a 20c fee, but tell me if this is likely too low ('Fee low. Transaction is likely to not confirm or may take several days to confirm. Consider increasing fee.').
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:21:56
Does the lightening network do away with the ridiculous (from an end-user point of view) per byte fees? No regular person is going to use Bitcoin with such a counter-intuitive fee scheme.
@_date: 2017-11-03 05:37:59


I'm not talking about forks. When the banks make their own blockchains (based on bitcoin's code or otherwise), they will be their own miners. Customers with bank accounts will seamlessly move onto these corporate chains. They will solve the problems of bitcoin.
The average consumer won't know the difference.


It's not about that. It's about catering to the market. Not everyone likes Coca Cola; not everyone cares about branding. And if the current state of Bitcoin (and its supporters) is anything to go by, it will be trivial for banks and other parties to make a crypto currency that works objectively better than bitcoin in terms of simplicity, cost, and barrier to entry.


I agree. But they don't make the decisions for the crypto currencies that will rise up alongside (and possibly replace) bitcoin.


That's not a relevant point. If the world wants oranges, there will be no need for apples, and apples will decline in value. Bitcoin is the apples in my analogy.
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:46:38
Have you tried entering the mnemonic into a different wallet software (or a different version of the same software)?
If it's in a standard format it should be transferable to any wallet that uses the same format. For example, the BIP39 wordlist is here: 
If your mnemonic is made of words from that list you should be able to restore your wallet in any software that supports BIP39.
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:42:15
Sure, I don't doubt many people believe in bcash's approach (and you can't argue with the value increase or the better fees than bitcoin).
But to react violently to someone using a common abbreviation because it omits 'bitcoin' from the name is surely a sign of deliberately trying to change the narrative.
@_date: 2017-11-19 08:30:37


This is not intuitive. A user needs to know the value of their transaction and how much extra they are paying just to make the transaction.
Do you think it makes sense to any non-tech person that a transaction is measured in bytes with nothing to do with the value? Do you think the average person needs (or wants) to know how the network runs?
An end user should not have t deal with these details. Bitcoin needs to be better than fiat currencies in all major uses.
Hopefullly with off-chain solutions this will all be moot, but the longer it takes to make bitcoin usable to average people the more chance there is that a corporate version will hit the mainstream first.
@_date: 2017-11-20 00:40:15
I definitely agree that smaller units are more intuitive to deal with. People generally aren't good at understanding very large or very small numbers.
But exchanges don't need to change: wallets do.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:42:17
It's already unusable for moderate amounts (lower than a couple of hundred dollars).
On the flip side...other coins aren't accepted widely. It's hard enough to find places that accept bitcoin, nevermind any of the others.
I'll probably end up buying some litecoin for small transactions and hope it gets adopted more widely.
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:39:07
Yes, but it needs to be done in a way that is clear and simple, and I've not yet seen a wallet that does it well enough for average users.
For example, the fee could easily be shown and selected in fiat currency. Satoshi/byte is dumb and not intuitive. When a fee is chosen or entered, an estimated processing time can be calculated. The user could be presented with options to raise or lower the fee to suit their needs. But at all times they can see the $ amount of the fee and how long it should take to confirm. Include warnings for fees that are too low or high.
And for the long term (if/when fiat value is irrelevant), show the fee in percent of the transaction amount.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:36:06
Yes, bcash would have a lower transaction cost. If you use segwit on bitcoin and take care with fees the difference can be quite small though (you could theoretically make a bitcoin payment for a few cents, but it depends on a few factors being favourable).
If long-term plans pan out, small bitcoin transactions will be close to free (using off-chain payments), while bcash transactions will probably rise.


You can simply do a transaction on both currencies for the same amount. Certainly don't listen to anecdotal reports, as people tend to report figures that support their side of the argument (e.g. in r/btc, there are claims that bitcoin transaction fees are in the $25 range per transaction, whereas in here, many people claim that fees are a few cents because sometimes you can get away with very small fees).
There are sites that show stats (the average fees for bitcoin are far higher than for bcash), but since so much of it is exchanges (who tend to charge fixed fees that work out to be very high, and process very large amounts), it's hard to use those figures. The current median bitcoin transaction fee is about $3, but I've been making payments with fees below 20c with no issues. Bcash fees are far, far lower (a few cents median).
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:17:13


That varies. In my country it is free to send money via Paypal.
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:29:24
I had a 10 sat/byte transaction go through this morning...but I sent it 9 days ago, but still...big improvement.
I just sent a small segwit -&gt; segwit transaction with a similar fee (working out to 11c)...I wonder how long that will take...
@_date: 2017-11-03 00:20:15


It's quite likely that these numbers will change over time, e.g. larger block sizes, off-chain processing, improvements like seqwit, etc.


It doesn't really. Firstly there's the fact that it's possible to in future divide bitcoin past the current 8(?) decimal places. You can keep doing that infinitely really, if there is the demand.
And there's also the likelihood that multiple crypto currencies will co-exist, meaning that bitcoin would not be anything particularly special alongside 100 alternative ways to store value and make payments. The supply and demand will spread among the available currencies.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:57:25
Not necessarily (the supporters of larger blocks seem to believe that relatively small block sizes - ~8mb or so - do not pose a problem as computing power does get cheaper over time.
But yes, it's pretty safe to say that anything that makes running a node more difficult or costly will reduce the number of nodes, and therefore reduce decentralisation.
I don't know how block size affects mining.
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:01:06
Some wallets and exchanges do not allow for fees to be changed, and/or recommend high default fees.
It's unreasonable to expect average people to fiddle with satoshis per byte and such nonsense.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:30:04


If you're happy paying that, then fine. But there are some flaws in your thinking:
*  'only $5 fee'...the problem with bitcoin is that the fee doesn't relate to the transaction amount, so if I wanted to buy a coffee the fee could be more than the coffee itself! Above $100 the fees might not seem so bad, and in some cases comparable to financial services in some countries. But bitcoin is supposed to be better.
* $5 is below average at the moment (last I checked the average fee was around $10).
* most other forms of payment are either free or have lower % fees than ~4%, or have fees that are partly subsidised by merchants (e.g. if something is priced $10, it's $10 if I pay by any traditional payment method, but $10 + fee if I pay with bitcoin). Yes, this can vary, but I'm happy to buy a $4 coffee with my credit card, debit card, cash, or paypal...but not with bitcoin. Do we expect merchants to lower their prices for bitcoin? Would they be willing to lower prices of cheap items to take into account the proportionately massive fees?
I have no problem paying large fees for moving large amounts of money around ($10 or even $50 is not a lot to move 1BTC when you think in percentage), but the problem for me is that I can't spend bitcoin because every transaction is at least a couple of dollars. I want to send $15 from one wallet to another, but the fees calculated to $7! I lowered the fee and it's been sitting in the mempool for about 5 days (I'm not complaining - I knew it would get stuck, it was sort of an experiment).
Lower fees would be nice now, though I do understand the long-term approach is to keep block size small and build more future-proof scaling methods (if bitcoin hits mainstream use there is no way increasing block size can work in the long term). Until these solutions are realised, bitcoin is more-or-less useless for any small or moderate purchases, and merchants will stop accepting it, and users will stop spending...and maybe switch to crypto currencies that can actually be used as currencies.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:18:58
Yeah, unfortunately bitcoin is not useful for day-to-day purchases. It will get even less so if the expected influx of new users happens due to increasing exposure.
It's going to be a thorn in the side of bitcoin for a long time, and will give opportunity for alternates like bcash to get an advantage.
@_date: 2017-11-28 02:46:54
It's an attempt to co-opt the bitcoin brand (and its value). I wasn't aware of how triggered people get by the abbreviation 'bcash' (my exchange calls it bcash, and when I dumped by bcash my mobile wallet called it bcash), but I found that if you use the term in r/btc the crazies get triggered (my favourite response is when they pretend they don't know what bcash is).
If someone feels the need to insidiously co-opt a brand it implies to me they don't believe their own 'product' has real value and can stand on its own. The fact they get so worked up over this is proof to me that it is a deliberate attempt to trick people into thinking it is the thing they keep hearing about on the news.
I use the term bcash because it is easy and clear - it presents no ambiguity when discussing bitcoin and bcash together. And because it's quicker to say and type than 'I can't believe it's not bitcoin'.
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:23:21


There is. But you need a hell of a lot of processing power, and you will lose money doing it.
Bitcoin doesn't have the capacity to process all those transactions more quickly. That's the problem. That's why some people wanted the block size to increase - so more transactions could be processed more quickly.
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:37:00


What were the warnings? That fees would get ridiculous and it would be impractical to use bitcoin for day-to-day transactions or something else?
I wasn't using crypto back then. But if they warned about fees and such, I'd have to agree with them.
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:23:50
Well you could, but it would cost you a hell of a lot more than 0.00000001 BTC to send it!
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:39:58
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:31:17
$1 plus $3 fee :)
@_date: 2017-11-20 09:45:07
is full of childish memes and constant price bragging/panicking
is full of people who prefer bcash to bitcoin and mostly post about how they don't like and that bcash is actually bitcoin
This is a shitty community (though you can sift through the garbage and find some great discussions in both subs if you look hard enough).
@_date: 2017-11-15 14:15:22
This is a great resource: 
@_date: 2017-11-04 00:07:34


 
Of course it would.


Unrelated point. Banks and governments could implement an exact clone of bitcoin with all its rules. More likely it would be something halfway between current banking and bitcoin.


You're making a baseless assumption that a blockchain would be editable. You're not arguing my points, just stating why government or bank-run blockchains are not as good as decentralised ones. That's a no-brainer, but it has no bearing on what will eventuate.


No, people are buying bitcoin because they think its value will rise. Mostly.


The first money wasn't the money we currently use. My point is that Bitcoin is not guaranteed to be the next money. With the state of bitcoin's usability (high fees, slow transactions, difficulty to use) and the infghting/forking constantly, there is an increasing chance that the banks and governments beat bitcoin to wide public acceptance (or another crypto currency that solves bitcoins problems).
Most people will take the path of least resistance. Most people won't care about the underlying technology or its political implications. They will care about how much effort it takes to spend their money. And despite what the circle-jerk in here says, most people trust their banks (in the developed world), and would be more inclined to use a new product from their bank than something they fundamentally don't understand.
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:26:38
Why is that dude interviewing Patrick Bateman?
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:23:19
Because there is more supply than demand. Bitcoin has more demand than supply.
When supply is greater than demand (e.g. bcash block space), the buyer has the advantage; when demand is greater than supply (e.g. the bitcoin block size), the seller has the advantage.
@_date: 2017-11-19 08:49:38


No, it really isn't. Not to average consumers who just want to press a button and buy something. These people are used to paying effectively zero fees for financial transactions or quite clear percentages for some transactions.


*That is a good thing*. It makes it *clear* what a transaction will cost. No need to work out tiny numbers and multiply them by the data size of the transaction. It's as simple as 'this is what you will be paying to send your transaction' with a corresponding expected confirmation time.


The wallet can take care of the details. All the end user needs to know is how much a transaction will cost them and (less importantly) how long they can expect confirmation to take. Average users don't need to know what other transaction fees are. The wallet can factor that in with a simple algorithm. If you think an average consumer is going to adopt a currency that requires them to carefully choose a fee for paying for their coffee based on the current mempool and average fees...then you are perhaps don't know how tech illiterate (and apathetic) most people are. Those people (about 98% of the population) will much rather use cash or tap-to-pay, which have no (direct) fees.
All that matters to a user is if the fee is reasonable for what they are doing. Is the fee going to be a large percentage of the cost or negligible.
Which is the lower fee for a $20 purchase?: 10c or 10 satoshi/byte? One of those prices is simple and intuitive; the other is obfuscated, counter-intuitive, and a turn-off for average users.
Bitcoin will not get mainstream adoption with the current fee system. Fees need to be either so low that they don't matter (i.e. negligible amounts) or they need to accurately represent user expectations - small or zero fee for small payments, scaling to larger ones.
I expect Lightening Network and other things will bring an intuitive fee structure in future, but until then people are going to be scared off from using bitcoin due to the insane way fees are determined, presented, and set. I can not imagine most people I know swapping cash and debit cards for a convoluted, tedious system like bitcoin in its current state. It is very much a currency designed by tech people for tech people. Some common sense and consumer friendliness is badly needed. Crypto currencies need a Steve Jobs to come in and explain how to appeal to actual humans. Let's hope it happens with bitcoin before some other currency.
@_date: 2017-11-04 04:14:46


So you don't think providing a *better* service (lower/more intuitive fee structure, instant payments, easier to use) is an inventive for banks and consumers? If a bank could offer me a crypto currency with lower fees and instant transactions, as well as instant free transfer between my mortgage, savings, and crypto (while retaining the ability to own my own private keys) I would abandon bitcoin immediately, and people who have not yet heard of crypto currencies will never have a reason to use bitcoin.
There is more to money than the underlying technology. As it stands now the average person cannot use bitcoin. The fees are dumb, transactions slow, and most people don't understand how it all works.


Why on Earth do you think it is required or inevitable that a government- or bank-run blockchain would need (or want) to modify transactions? It would be more likely they would use a two-layered system (something similar to Lightening). I never once mentioned any such thing, so you're making an argument against something I never said (and don't believe). Try reading what I've typed and respond to that.
Bitcoin's success is not tied to the technology *only*. People choose what technology they use, which is why it's generally the easiest to use and/or best marketed products that come out on top, not the most technologically capable or 'moral' (e.g. the iPod vs all the MP3 players that beat it to market, were cheaper, and had more features). Banks will eventually create their own blockchains, and they will be easier to use and better marketed than bitcoin.


Perhaps you should stop being immature and rude, and respond to my comments instead of inventing a counter-argument to things I didn't say.
@_date: 2017-11-03 01:30:29


Bitcoin is open source. Anyone can clone it or create a fork to take advantage of all that 8 years of development and real-world testing.
The average person cares not one bit for the political aspects, and would generally trust a bank or government version of Bitcoin over the decentralised one. If all the chains can effectively interact, the difference will be negligible.
As for marketplace confidence...99% of the world has no idea what Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2017-11-16 12:07:40
The upper limit allows for times when it's busier or if more people start using bcash.


I don't think it's a good comparison since the value of bitcoin in 2012 was about $20. Fees are paid in fractions of a bitcoin, so they rise as value rises.


It does in the short term. I think it's perfectly logical to assume that if bitcoin had bigger blocks there would be less competition for transaction space and therefore cheaper fees. It hard to compare since bcash has nowhere near as many users as bitcoin.


It stands to reason that if there are more transactions in each block, the average confirmation time would be shorter. With bcash you're practically guaranteed to be on the next block.


I doubt we ever will.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:54:42
A bitcoin to Musk is like that $2 coin I dropped down the side of my car seat the other day...he knows it's there somewhere, but it's not even worth the effort to look for it!
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:31:05
It's far better to call it bcash to avoid confusion and vagueness (and for brevity).
@_date: 2017-11-20 07:06:07


Credit card fees are not usually paid by the consumer, and when they are they are generally a fixed, known percentage. It's not a fair comparison. Interest is a percentage fee for borrowing money.


I disagree 100%. 


I agree 100%. On the technological side.


People take the path of least resistance. If bitcoin is to go mainstream, it needs to be usable, it needs to be better than what we already have. And for most people, that means cheaper, faster, easier to use.


I wouldn't compare those things with signed cryptographic messages, satoshi/byte, confirmation times, and private keys. Most people know very little about anything tech, and are not inclined to care about learning it.
And credit cards are themselves more complicated than debit cards, contactless payments, and cash.


Credit cards are perfectly intuitive. It's a couple of numbers you enter to prove you own the card. You get charged the amount of the thing you're buying.


Where I live (and most of the world), servers are paid an appropriate wage.
Plus, 'tipping' someone for every single financial transaction would be stupid. What about paying a blogger 1c to read an article, or 2c to watch a Youtube video (both very likely uses for crypto currency in the future). Should they also get an (effectively arbitrary) tip based on the amount of data being processed?
Tips are, of course, percentage based...so I don't like the analogy. Percentage makes sense. Tipping a waiter based on how many letters were in the names of the food and drink you ordered would make no sense, would it?


I disagree. BTC is dead on arrival with mainstream users if this isn't changed (by lightening, etc., not by changing bitcoin itself), or unless fees drop to such a low point that it doesn't matter in the slightest (even bcash has fees that are too high for very small transactions).
If the average consumer moves to crypto, they will choose the easiest and simplest. Not the least centralised or the best coded. The one that they can immediately pick up and use. I would like bitcoin to be the best, but my confidence is not high.
@_date: 2017-11-15 14:14:32
Me too. I had an email from Reddit telling me to reset my password, then I just noticed while browsing that I had upvoted many posts I definitely didn't upvote myself.
My fault because my reddit password wasn't strong despite recently upgrading all my passwords and upping my 2FA usage.
But it's pretty sad that hackers need to manipulate votes this way.
@_date: 2017-11-12 01:53:32


To be fair, it looks like a cult over there too. Almost every post is about bcash being the 'real bitcoin' and/or attacks on BTC. They all 100% believe that bcash will destroy bitcoin soon.
I can't believe how immature almost everyone in this community is. Even the 'big names' in crypto use childish insults like 'shitcoin' and tweet insults at each other constantly.
When someone is using childish language to attack others or change the narrative, they are impossible to take seriously.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:28:56


Plenty can be done in the meantime to hide the stupidity of the fee structure from users.


If a human can look at the mempool and figure out an appropriate fee level, an algorithm can do it too. The current algorithms are crap, but that's not because it's impossible to do it well.


When it comes to small payments, cheap is more important. With no 2nd layer in sight, bitcoin will lose users to other currencies if it can't be used.


I agree. But people would adopt it if it were easier to use/more intuitive, and more adoption would be great. I feel it's inevitable that crypto currencies will start to replace fiat currencies. I'd like bitcoin to be one of the currencies that survives that transition, but if other currencies do it better (from a user's perspective, not necessarily a technical one) they will 'win'.


Well there are a couple of problems with this thinking in my opinion. Firstly, most people are absolutely *not* willing to spend time familiarising themselves with new technology. In fact, most people are actively hostile to change. As soon as they recognise something - no matter how small - that is worse than what they currently have, they will get defensive. No matter bitcoin's potential, people will balk at the negatives (fees, confirmation time, fiddly apps and QR codes, etc.).
Secondly, the problems of privacy, government control of money, etc. that crypto currencies can defeat are not at the forefront of most people's minds. People want fast, convenient, cheap, easy, etc. Most people don't have any major issues with fiat currencies (obviously this varies by country).


You've made my point for me. For regular people to use bitcoin, this nonsense has to go away. The design of fees is rotten to the core. It's a technical solution to a human problem. It feels like it was designed by a robot who has never experienced emotions.


It's better for users to never have to think about fees. Either they are so low it's not relevant, or they make simple sense (e.g. a percentage or fixed amount).
Paying for financial transactions per byte of data makes sense *from a technical and mining point of view*, but it makes no sense to any regular person who might be a future user of bitcoin.


Yes, I agree with this. But that doesn't mean the way wallets present fees can't easily be changed. Hell, simply changing the options to display the fee in fiat currency when selecting fees would do half the work. 100 sat/byte or 'economical' fee options mean nothing unless you intuitively know how much they are going to cost you. 'Low fee - 40c, slow confirmation' and 'High fee - $4.23 - 10 minute confirmation' would make things a lot easier. They could even calculate the percentage the fee represents by simply dividing the total by the fee.
This would make it easier to select a reasonable fee, and tide us over while we still think of bitcoin as having an equivalent fiat value.


Shouldn't be necessary. Wouldn't be if fees were better designed. Why should an end user learn why a $1,000,000 transaction can have lower fees than a $5 coffee purchase?


I think things like lightening network are the only way bitcoin can become a day-to-day currency, and I do believe that's the plan (hence the aversion to increasing block size). That doesn't mean current wallets can't be improved now to be more usable.
I've worked with people who have used computers for a decade and can only open Excel and Internet Explorer. Most people in this community vastly overestimate the technical competency - and interest levels - of average people.
Anyway, that's a lot of waffling on. We agree on everything but the need for wallets to show, calculate, and modify fees in a more intuitive way. Sure, in the long term it doesn't matter, since lightening, etc. should shift fees to the 2nd layer (for most consumer uses). But in the short term bitcoin will lose users to other coins, and will risk losing out to more consumer-focused cryptos. In tech, it's the easiest to use product that generally wins, not the most capable or best engineered (e.g. iPod).
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:02:04


But if 99.9% of the world's population isn't using it, the other 99.9% of wealth will be elsewhere (possibly other cryptos), and as usage moves to these other cryptos, Bitcoin becomes less relevant, and wealth moves out.
All speculation, of course. I'd love $100,000 Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:46:06
* Comparing an extreme outlier as if it's typical is disingenuous at best.
* These fees are displayed in satoshi/byte. A bcash satoshi is worth ~1/5 of a bitcoin satoshi, so to compare the actual cost you'd have to divide the bcash price by ~5
Even if you divide the bcash fee by 5 (to compare the actual cost accurately), the massive outlier will still fall well below the average bitcoin transaction fee.
This is a dumb argument. Bcash is cheaper to transact with. It's that simple. Bcash 'wins' in that metric, and that's not a problem.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:50:42
Bigger blocks lead to more storage, more processing power, and more bandwidth needed. Therefore fewer people would be able to run a node if the block size increases. This would block people in poorer countries from participating. I don't think a modest block size increase would affect people in developed countries.
Also, I believe storage is the least problematic, since storage is relatively cheap, and gets cheaper every day. Bandwidth and processing are probably the bigger issues with large blocks.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:36:04
I'd buy a full WinRAR licence.
@_date: 2017-11-23 13:09:38


I wonder if that's why they wanted a fee of $80 for swapping 1 bitcoin gold (~$350) to bitcoin. Ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-03-26 05:36:41
The 'network' doesn't detect the fraud. The victim (or a 3rd party on behalf of the victim) needs to monitor for the fraud in order to reverse it.
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:31:38
Look here:  (the section 'Why should you run a full node' in particular).
In short, the more full nodes the better, as they reduce the chance of miners taking over/changing the rules, and individuals running a full node are running bitcoin trustlessly, as it was intended to be used.
As also mentioned in that article, it's unlikely that miners would do something shady, and this appears to be good enough for the bcash community - trusting miners to do the right thing rather than having a network that forces them to do the right thing. When these currencies start to become mainstream and/or more valuable, this might be a critical distinction. The average Joe will not know/care about consensus rules and how mining works...and might not notice if miners decide to stage a coup and increase their block reward.
There is currently a trend among the bcash users to push the narrative that full nodes don't help the network. This is likely because bcash is pushing for large blocks, which make running a full node much more costly (and thus out of reach of non-miners). Therefore, if they claim that running a full node is not useful to the network, it fits their narrative that dramatically increasing the cost to run a full node is not a centralisation risk.
@_date: 2018-02-15 10:38:29


Correction: you just need to be smarter than the people you are conning.
The 'Send me $20,000 so I can send you $50,000,000' scams must work *some* of the time.
@_date: 2017-09-01 05:24:19
How about using 20 words that don't require the reader to already understand a lot about bitcoin?
That would make no sense to the person in the street or the newcomer curious about bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-04 00:15:23


Not necessarily 1 input, but yes, many outputs.


Yes. That transaction would be larger than a typical '1 to 1' transaction, but a lot smaller than 100 such transactions.


Yes. But it's unclear whether batching is the main reason for the cleared mempool, or if lowered general usage is a bigger factor.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:01:08
Consumers will adopt what is least friction, simplest, easiest to understand.
Perhaps a crypto currency will replace a bank account, but services like Visa will stack on top like you suggest. Since bitcoin is open source, this would be possible.
I think a big difference would be that these services would have to compete on a pretty even playing field - the banks or credit companies wouldn't have the power to price gouge - people could use the cheapest or safest method of payment/transfer because they have the control of their own money.
@_date: 2017-09-01 14:52:12


And bitcoin could have dropped to 1% of its value. Hindsight is 20/20.
@_date: 2017-09-01 05:40:19
No, they accept credit card. I paid for mine with Visa in AUD$.
@_date: 2017-09-24 06:50:52


I don't think that's important to the average consumer (at least in the developed world).
More important is simplicity, which bitcoin currently fails hard at.
The one point that people will grok is that people/businesses/government can't extract money - money can only be sent by the owner. The political aspects are not going to be a primary motivator for most (except in places where that is very important).


I don't see that being a thing if crypto goes mainstream. Multiple currencies will co-exist, and the limit on the number of bitcoins will not push the price higher and higher (new currencies or multiple chains will crop up as needed, and they will be interchangeable just like fiat currencies).
@_date: 2018-02-23 09:35:03
Just Hitler and Satan missing from that group now.
@_date: 2017-10-30 23:51:49


Not really, since anyone can create new crypto currencies at any time.
If Bitcoin becomes unobtainable (too rare/expensive for the average person to own), but the population finds value in the technology, new blockchains will be created to fill the need. If these blockchains interact with Bitcoin (e.g. currencies are directly exchangeable between them), the effect will be the same as having infinite Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:01:29
Hey, where did you get IOTA from? I am thinking of getting a little bit. I've never seen it in any of the places I buy bitcoin or in my wallets.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:40:51
Well apparently segwit will lighten the load (make fees more consistent and lower), and lightening will apparently add a way for effectively very low fee payments, which will make small transactions feasible.
Will this be enough? I doubt it. Are there other things planned to further improve the currency so it can be mass adopted? I don't know. Is it annoying when someone writes a question then answers it? Yes, sorry.
It seems like the bitcoin developers focus on the underlying tech and expect/hope for 3rd parties to build on top of that to create consumer-facing services. I don't know how true that is.
Bitcoin has benefits that fiat money can't ever provide...but fiat currency also has benefits over bitcoin now, particularly in usability.
I went to 4 different shops today and paid with my contactless debit card. Instant, free transactions. Tap. When I spend bitcoin I have to scan a QR code or plug in my Trezor (open browser, enter PIN using the randomised number positions), pay a fee (which is sometimes very high in proportion to the transaction amount, and always NOT FREE), and wait for confirmation, usually 10-15 minutes.
There is a long way to go, and I hope there are plenty of people working hard on the problem or bitcoin will be replaced by something else.
@_date: 2017-09-01 06:25:19
I first thought of buying some in ~2013/2014, but didn't follow through (I still had the recovery seed, so I had gone as far as to create a wallet).
I think I didn't buy because at the time I was in the process of buying a house and had to be careful not to spend any money I didn't need to. It was probably also a pain in the rear to purchase from my country at that time.
I bought some earlier this year after reading about the possible future uses for digital currency, and learning more about how it all works.
@_date: 2017-09-01 11:26:27
It was pretty recent...ordered early August I think.
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:49:47
It also doesn't factor in 2 things that effectively make it a lie:
* Inflation is often compensated for (e.g. wages and social security payments rise with inflation) - not to mention the fact that inflation is usually very low
* 1 bitcoin will get harder and harder to obtain as its value rises. If someone is paid in bitcoin, their pay will either be tied to some fiat value or will decrease to maintain the same buying power.
@_date: 2017-09-24 10:59:25
This would take away some level of security though. A chosen password is nowhere near as secure as purely random cryptography.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:59:17
1) For the short term, and small amount of coin, any wallet should be fine. Preferably one you control yourself (i.e. not an exchange like Coinbase), but if you are going to move your coin out pretty soon, it should be fine.
2) Send a small transaction first, and make sure it arrives in your wallet's account, then send the rest. This is just to confirm you don't mess anything up and send all your bitcoin to the wrong place.
3) No, transactions are all on the blockchain. The balance your wallet reports is really just a total of deposits and withdrawals from your wallet address(es) on the blockchain (as I understand it, it's probably more complex than that).
@_date: 2017-09-01 05:43:27
I know how bitcoin works, thank you very much. My point is that these things need to make sense to average people or they will never take off.
I'd be very sad (and lose money) if another crypto currency came along that didn't require extensive knowledge to understand and use. There are probably a lot of people working on that very thing. All it will take to displace Bitcoin is for an average person to be able to understand and use it intuitively.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:01:01
Average wages in the USA do rise. This doesn't have to take the form of an actual pay rise. It happens 'naturally', e.g. when new people are hired, the offered or negotiated wage rises to match the market (which compensates for inflation).
Using 1990 as an arbitrary date, this chart shows that average wages in the US rose every year except 2009 (no surprise there, since the GFC was 2008):
And this chart shows inflation in the US over the same time period (2009 being again the exception of negative inflation):
Those two graphs match pretty closely. I haven't calculated the figures (and I'm not a statistician), but at a glance it seems like the overall wage average increases are larger than the effect of inflation.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:11:36
I addressed that point. I pay very little for international transactions - it's not a requirement of the technology.
Yes, Bitcoin cares not for borders, which is great. Credit cards could do the same, e.g. if the banks decided they needed to improve to beat potential competition.
@_date: 2017-09-24 10:55:23
But a bank password can be reset trivially if lost or compromised.
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:56:39


That doesn't equate to 'bitcoin is forever'. Bitcoin could disappear overnight if a better (from the *consumer* point of view) crypto currency takes the world's imagination.
@_date: 2017-09-01 06:42:37


Of course not.




As it should be.


Yes, but people still need access to know what they are using (in simple, abstract terms at least).
If we can't explain to someone what these technologies do, people won't adopt them. Crypto currency is very different to what people are used to, and that is a hurdle to adoption.
People don't need to know how lightening works, but they need to know what it is (I think of LN as 'cash' with my Bitcoin wallet as my 'bank account', for example - though I admittedly don't know enough about LN to verify how accurate that analogy is).
Bitcoin is currently like a Windows smartphone from 2004 - cool, capable, full of potential, feature rich, but ultimately unusable to the average person. Either Bitcoin adapts to become understandable to the person in the street or someone else comes along in a few years with the iPhone of crypto currencies and makes Bitcoin obsolete overnight.
History is littered with failed earlier, better technology that was replaced by better marketed, easier-to-use tech that was not necessarily better (and often technically inferior).
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:30:37
Do you know how much it would cost and how long it would take for me to send $5,000 from one of my bank accounts to another?
$0 and instantaneous (though to send to an account with a different bank it would take 24 hours, longer for an international transfer).
Also, that $5 fee could just as easily apply to a transaction for $50, where it would be 10%. How much does it cost to send $1 of Bitcoin?
Multiply those fees by the number of transactions needed for day-to-day living, and suddenly the difference between zero and 'small' fees becomes huge.


Until fees are low and - more importantly - predictable and intuitive they will be a massive problem, especially for new adopters.
Bitcoin has many advantages over fiat currency and banking, but the way fees work is f*cking dumb, and a massive barrier to entry.
@_date: 2017-09-01 06:18:25
Assuming Apple Pay works the same as Android Pay, you could possibly get a debit card funded by bitcoin and link that to your Apple Pay.
When Bitcoin has a super convenient, instant payment method accepted widely, it will become accepted by the mainstream.
@_date: 2017-09-24 06:44:55
A massive problem you haven't mentioned is that losing your private key == losing all your money with zero possibility of getting back (as well as anyone getting your private key/password owns all your money).
As soon as the first grandma loses her life savings because this isn't clearly understood and protected against, crypto currencies will take a massive hit in the media.
No current password/bank works like this. You can always recover regular passwords, and fraud is generally protected against. Not so with a private key.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:06:29
Do you think people who don't already use bitcoin know anything about the fees? I doubt it.
But I've seen first hand (plus plenty to reinforce it in here) that people get scared off by the fact that 1 bitcoin is thousands of dollars. Many don't know they can buy fractions.
Changing the display on wallets, exchanges, etc. requires very little effort compared to changing the fee structure, and doing so doesn't get in the way of measures to fix the fees.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:01:41
That's not what that article actually states.
Wages don't need to grow to defeat inflation - the fiat amount simply needs to increase roughly in line with inflation, which it does even in the cherry picked data you linked to. In most (at least developed) countries, social security and minimum wage are explicitly tied to inflation, and wages rise over time to maintain buying power.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:47:51
No. Online wallets are not wallets, they are more like banks. The only way to ensure you have complete control is to hold your own private keys.
But also be aware that if you control your own keys you are the only one responsible for keeping them safe and secure. The benefit of Coinbase, etc. is that your coins are relatively safe even if you lose your password. If you hold your own private key and lose it...your money is 100% gone.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:13:31
Ahh...the 12/24 words *without the extra 13th/25th word* is a valid wallet, but *not the one with OPs coins*...so it's actually a good way to disguise the real address. Is that right? So OP could put $5 in the 'wrong' address and not have to worry so much about his phrase being discovered...as long as they themselves don't forget the extra bit.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:29:18
I have no idea about blockchain specifically. For 1 month, I would (in fact this is what I did) make a paper wallet and store on there (follow all the instructions to keep it secure, e.g. doing it offline). Then sweep the paper wallet to the hardware wallet when you get it.
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:27:47
The mainstream will adopt whichever crypto currency(ies) make the most sense to the average, not-techy person.
Things like ease of use, comparison to what people are used to, fees, marketing/mindshare, and so on. 
The value/barrier of entry thing will play a part too. The current pricing is going to continue to be a psychological barrier to many people, and that gives an advantage to the other currencies that don't have such a scary value. Bitcoin currently has the mindshare, but it is nowhere near a mainstream level.
Most people in this forum don't seem to understand that the current price/unit of measurement is off putting. They also don't seem to think it's possible that another coin could jump into the mainstream ahead of bitcoin (or that multiple coins could enter widespread adoption, just like the multiple fiat currencies that exist). There's a massive vein of denial and optimistic certainty in this community.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:18:39


That's hubris.


Bitcoin is *technology*. The best tech doesn't 'win' - the tech that people find easiest to use and solves the problems from *the consumer's point of view* wins.
HD-DVD was better than Blu-ray, Windows Mobile had more functionality and flexibility than the iPhone and several years head start. Betamax had better image quality than VHS (but VHS embraced porn). There are many, many examples to prove that the best tech and head starts don't guarantee anything.
The iPhone is a great example. It was years behind Windows Mobile. It had less functionality, less *freedom* than Windows Mobile and Android. But it was approachable to the average consumer, and it offered the core functionality people wanted even if anyone knowledgeable of the tech knew that both Windows Mobile and Android had 'better' feature sets and utility.
Bitcoin is still a terrible technology from the end user point of view. The fee calculation is utterly nonsensical to a consumer. The concept of private and public encryption keys is not something the average consumer knows about, and it will only take 1 grandma losing her entire net worth because she misplaced her private key to taint bitcoin in the eyes of the hoi polloi.
Sure, the bitcoin devs are taking steps to improve the tech, but a better crypto currency could literally launch tomorrow, and if it works better for the average person and gets some marketing behind it, it will capture the mindset of the 99%* of the population who have never heard of bitcoin.
I have no doubt that some kind of crypto currency will become a massive force in future. But every day I get more and more confident that it won't be bitcoin, or that bitcoin will simply be one of many (and therefore its value will not be aided by scarcity, since the world's wealth will be shared among as many coins as the market wants...which will be effectively like having unlimited bitcoin).
Posts like OP's sound like "the Titanic is unsinkable" to me.
*totally guessed number
@_date: 2017-10-19 09:46:52
I don't need any information. You're the one who brought up misinformation. I assumed you were trying to make a point.
@_date: 2017-10-15 05:09:22
There will be dozens of crypto currencies, just as there are multiple fiat currencies.
If crypto currencies become important there will be enough for everyone because new ones will be created as needed. The 21million scarcity is not relevant.
@_date: 2018-02-13 11:08:28
No. Like in Superman 3.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:12:00
* Zing
* QBit
* BeCe
* WALT
* BITZ
* BITY
* MNEE
Send my royalties here:
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:31:30
No, my point of view is not wrong. Unless the merchant is charging less for Bitcoin payments a credit card or cash payment has lower (zero) fees.
The person I responded to paid the price of the item plus 54c in fees. If I had bought the item with my credit card or with cash I would have paid 54c less than they did. 
If you're talking about credit card interest, then that is within the consumers control. I personally use a debit card, so I never get charged any interest. Interest 'fees' are an issue with personal financial choices, not payment technology.
It's disingenuous to claim I am paying hidden fees when I use a credit card. The merchant pays the fees (and there are no fees for cash). Of course at some level these fees are built into the price - but since items are not sold at a lower price when Bitcoin is used, this is of no concern to the consumer. The price of using Bitcoin is of course built into the price of any goods and services sold as well, as is any business expense.
It doesn't matter if fees are hidden from me if I am not the one paying them. Paying for every transaction (and a more-or-less random amount that could be very large in dollar terms or percentage terms) is a massive downside of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:34:05
That seems like a very short term, superficial approach to the problem. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:48:28
Great post/question.
I have the same concerns. I think the developers are generally aware of the problem, but take a long-term approach rather than trying to improve things *now* (hence things like Seqwit rather than simply increasing the block size). That is probably a good idea, but it Bitcoin were to suddenly gain an influx of new users (specifically less tech savvy ones), they will be turned off immediately when they realise the fee structure is so *dumb*.
Paying fees based on amount of data makes no sense to anyone but the miners and developers. It's counter-intuitive, and will turn users away. We need something simple - fixed fees or percentage fees (or a combination), and perhaps an option to set priority, which would switch between fixed rates (rather than manually setting a per byte fee). Fees could easily be structured to prevent gaming the system.
While the devs clearly know what they are doing, I think we should all be concerned that there is also an underlying arrogance in the community that Bitcoin is too big to fail, and that people will easily get used to the way it works. There have been plenty of great technologies that have been replaced by a better marketed, more user-friendly (but not as technically good) alternative (iPod vs MP3 players with more features, for example).
The posts of 'I sent $x and it only cost me [more than the free cost of using a bank]' are disturbing. As are the posts of 'if you check the mempool and send when it's empty you only pay x satoshi per byte, so it's easy'...try explaining that to the vast majority of the population who are used to banks and not tech savvy.
@_date: 2017-10-29 08:42:48
It will still be 1 BTC.
In 13 years, I'd expect Bitcoin to be more or less obsolete, and the world will be using other crypto currencies alongside fiat currencies. 
But it's also possible that the value of 1 BTC could be very high by then.
@_date: 2017-09-01 06:16:54


What wallet makes it possible to pay instantly with a single 'tap', and is accepted at pretty much all retailers?
'Better' from a technical point of view is very different to 'better' from an end user experience point of view. And most of the world cares a lot more about the latter than the former.
@_date: 2017-10-19 01:39:38
This comment has nothing to do with my comment(s).
Of course Bitcoin (well, I'd say crypto currency rather than Bitcoin specifically) has benefits over fiat currency for exactly the reasons you're implying. Crypto can solve some of those problems.
This has nothing to do with the fact that Bitcoin is currently not ready for prime time because of (among other things) fees and the relative simplicity and general reliability of fiat currency (at least in most of the developed world).
While Greece is a great example of the dangers of fiat currencies, it is an outlier in a system that for the most part works very well.
The underlying problem I see in this forum (and implicit in your comment) is that the Bitcoin community is so overconfident in the technology that they are often blind to the real-world problems blocking acceptability. The best technology doesn't usually win; the easiest technology to understand and use wins (VHS vs Betamax for example, or iPod vs every superior MP3 player). It's not enough that Bitcoin can handle the world's money better than banks - it has to be something people can understand and use, and it has to outperform the current system in pretty much every facet, including cost and convenience.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:17:23


That argument ignores the psychological effect of a currency where 1 unit is enough to buy a car when people are used to currencies where 1 unit buys a coke and is divisible into easy-to-count amounts.


So is Bitcoin. There is nothing special about Bitcoin (compared with other crypto currencies and with potential future clones of Bitcoin that might live alongside it).
If the majority of Bitcoin is hoarded (as appears to be the case currently), people will simply create new cryptos to use, which will probably result in Bitcoin losing its value.


If Bitcoin is hoarded by a small percentage of the population (e.g. if 21 million people have 1 each or 210 million have 0.1 each), the market for alternative blockchains is still ~ 99% of the world's population (and backed by companies, banks, and governments who will want to create blockchains for them).
But we're splitting hairs and making speculative guesses. The bottom line is that the scarcity of Bitcoin, and the resulting potential for massive value growth, is an illusion that only holds up if you make the unreasonable assumptions that Bitcoin will be the one and only (major) crypto in use, and also that a large percentage of the world's wealth will be held in it.
I could invent anything and then proclaim that I have 100% of the world's [that thing]. It won't matter if that thing has no use for anyone or if alternatives exist that I don't control.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:33:45


Yes, but people won't accept varying fees that don't have any intuitive cost based on the service being offered.
 
It what works best for miners isn't what the consumers want, then the consumers will stay away.


I think it will be. Or at least 'Androidy'. People will adopt the currency that they see and immediately grok, possibly one that gets a good marketing campaign behind it. That will be a currency that places usability above jargon, technical specs, and nerd appeal.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:33:58
Nothing there is directly caused by inflation. Nothing there can't be remedied with fiat currency (e.g. generally speaking, income, buying power, and standard of living rise over time). Bitcoin won't change government policies or corporate behaviour. There will be unfair distribution of wealth as long as money = power; the currency in question doesn't matter.
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:07:17


The point is that I never pay to buy something with my debit card (beyond a nominal annual bank account fee), but I pay anywhere between 50c and a few dollars every time I use Bitcoin, sometimes up to a significant percentage of the transaction value).
It doesn't matter how you spin it - if an item costs $20 on my credit card and $20 + miner fee with Bitcoin...the credit card payment is cheaper (not to mention easier and faster). It doesn't matter if there are fees for the merchant that I never see. If I got charged 50c every time I bought something with my credit card I'd be spending hundreds of dollars extra per year.


There's not such law where I live, FWIW.


I prefer whatever costs me the least. I'm not a qualified mathematician, but I believe that $20 is less than $20 plus miner fee. And while I do pay a few dollars a year in banking fees, I would spend more in a week's worth of day-to-day transactions using Bitcoin (not to mention paying to move my money to a different wallet or transferring some to a friend).


Paypal. I'd bet money (or Bitcoin) that the future of crypto currency will be a lot more like Paypal than today's Bitcoin.


Lightening sounds promising, but it does sound like lipstick on a pig. I'm looking forward to seeing if it lives up to its promises.
@_date: 2018-03-26 05:38:03
They have until the channel time lock expires. This can be any amount of time chosen when the channel was opened.
@_date: 2017-09-01 14:51:23
That's a disingenuous statement.
You're not taking into account various other factors (for example, wages generally rise in line with inflation, bank savings generally earn interest, and can earn far more than inflation if used as an investment, such as a term deposit).
Fiat currency is extremely stable (depending on which currency), whereas bitcoin could theoretically tumble in value by a huge amount with no warning (this is probably not a concern for long-term holders, but someone buying bitcoin right now will probably see a drop in value in the short term - and likely a rise in the longer term of course, if history is any guide).
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:23:42
You get a 'seed phrase' when you setup your wallet. These phrases can recreate your private key in any wallet that supports the same scheme (12 word, 24 word, whatever). These are standard, not at all specific to the manufacturer or device. You can restore your Trezor wallet into a different device or wallet if you need to.
I have a Trezor, and it's great. As I understand it, your private keys are never accessible outside the device. The usability is pretty good - just plug in and open a web browser page, enter your PIN.
A feature I like is that if you get the PIN wrong, you have to wait before trying again. If you get it wrong again, you have to wait double the time, and so on.
The device itself is very secure, but you will have to also look out for your backups (the seed phrase you write down on paper) - don't put these online, don't store them on a computer. You should find a way to keep a backup offsite - with a trusted friend or relative perhaps, or in a safe deposit box. Assume the possibility that your house could burn down and all your bitcoin could be destroyed.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:08:32
Fair point about fraud costs being passed on. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 07:45:47


I don't think it would be (though I'm not a Bitcoin developer). Presumably the amount of Bitcoin in a transaction is easy to extract. Put that through a simple algorithm (e.g. a percentage or fixed amount plus percentage with some limits for very small or very large transactions).


Yeah. I've seen reports about Bitcoin fees being very high, but very few reports on the benefits.
I think people around here underestimate how strongly the banks (and the media, and governments) will fight back against Bitcoin when it starts to gain real momentum. Any potential flaw in the technology (e.g. high fees) will be relentlessly pounded into the public's awareness, and the public will believe what fits their 'natural' suspicion of new things.
The longer it takes Bitcoin to sort out the fees (and slowness) the more likely that another crypto takes its place (possibly one backed by a bank and thus lacking some of the main benefits of Bitcoin).
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:07:42


A currency where 1 unit is 6 or 7 decimal places away from a day-to-day amount is hard to use.


It doesn't really matter how divisible a bitcoin is. There are relatively few owners of Bitcoin. People don't own 0.00000001 of a Bitcoin. Taking hoarding and lost coin into account makes the amount available for everyday use smaller.
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:26:38
The only downside is that you first need to move your coins to a new segwit address/wallet before you can send segwit transactions. Trezor has (from memory) a built-in wizard to guide you through it. But it effectively involves a transaction from your current address to your new one, which will incur fees (but fees right now are super low).
@_date: 2017-10-29 01:11:25
I read the entire conversation.
The fact that 'Bitcoin is not a bank' is not only unrelated to the conversation (ironic considering your pointless comment), it is also irrelevant to the underlying fact that Bitcoin is designed to replace (either partially or fully) 'traditional' banking/money.
Therefore Bitcoin needs to compete with banking (and with other cryptos) in terms of features, usability, and cost. Therefore Bitcoin must be compared with other ways of storing and using wealth if it is to be considered as a usable technology.
The circle-jerk nature of this sub is so tiring.
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:24:46


I don't know of anywhere in my city that would accept Bitcoin, but in theory you could.
With fees (to buy and spend Bitcoin) that $10 lunch would be more like $12 though.


My point was that the value of 1 bitcoin is offputting to new adopters, and that the limited number of bitcoins means that it will literally become difficult to own them, as only so many people will own them, locking them away from everyone else.
The easy solution is to simply have multiple crypto currencies (e.g. different currencies for different countries like we have already). This will mean that 1) anyone has access to as much crypto currency as they need, and 2) there will be nothing special about owning 1/21million of all the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-19 08:45:42


I never said otherwise, and I acknowledged that in your situation a foreign purchase was clearly cheaper with Bitcoin.
This doesn't change the fact that most transactions for most people are NOT cheaper with Bitcoin as the technologies currently stand. Cost is currently a disadvantage of using Bitcoin in aggregate. That doesn't mean Bitcoin doesn't have uses or isn't sometimes the cheaper option.


Such as?
@_date: 2017-10-31 09:17:24
Well, not realistically a cost-effective endeavour.
The point is that owning a tangible percentage of all the possible bitcoin is nothing special. It's not a guarantee of immense wealth. It's not beating the majority of people to the punch. 
Because if crypto currencies take off with the mainstream, lots of currencies will be created to meet demand. The scarcity of Bitcoin doesn't matter in the long term because if scarcity makes attainment difficult, more currencies will simply be created that are more attainable, and Bitcoin will become a minority currency (and probably fall in value significantly).
@_date: 2018-02-10 08:58:45
On top of that, Moore's Law seems to be seen (by bcash supporters) as a way to prevent node costs rising. We should be finding ways to make it *cheaper and easier* to run nodes. Improvements in bandwidth and hardware will help, but things like lightning and efficiency boosts will do more.
@_date: 2017-10-18 12:52:53
Mine is: most people in this forum are optimistic to the point of delusion about the future of Bitcoin. This forum reads like propaganda. There's an air of arrogance in most posts. Overconfidence is a sign of weakness.
While I agree that the value will rise quite a bit in the mid-term, I think the long term future of Bitcoin is a lot less viable than many here believe.
Bonus: the idea that there will only be 21 million Bitcoins means everyone with a full coin is going to be wealthy is ridiculous - it assumes there will only ever be 1 major crypto (Bitcoin), and that it will reach massive levels of mainstream acceptance. Huge assumptions that don't make any sense.
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:23:25
For mainstream adoption, the fees have to be low, and they have to be either fixed or based on transaction *value*, not amount of data. If Bitcoin doesn't do that, another currency will simply replace it as  and it might just be one made by the banks. The average consumer won't care that it's not decentralised.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:27:01
And it takes one fewer purchase to be put off by the high price.
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:02:11
Yep. 
I don't know what the process will be, but last time it was pretty straightforward (create new wallet, send bitcoin to the new wallet, then import the old wallet into a wallet that supported the new chain). I think it will be more involved this time, but as long as you hold your own keys you have the power!
@_date: 2017-10-19 05:04:42


I never mentioned anything of the sort, and it's a completely moot point.
New currencies could simply be clones of the Bitcoin open source code with adjustments to ensure wallets/addresses are incompatible with other chains.


Miners will go where the money is. If there are a hundred popular blockchains representing different currencies with 10s of millions of users on each, miners will service the need.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:46:29


I've brought this up before, and the funny thing is some people have the response of 'it's easy, you just check recent transactions, count how many inputs there are...blah blah...just as easy as using a credit card'.
There are far too many people in the bitcoin community who don't see that these things hinder adoption, and that's a concern. There's a massive vein of blinkered optimism.


Exactly. But things can change very quickly. There could be some kid in his bedroom right now working on something that works better than bitcoin in every way, and will be understood and adopted by regular people. The analogy I use is the 'iPhone of crypto currency'. We are currently early adopters of Windows Mobile or Blackberry, and it's 2005...
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:15:34


Nonsense. There can be ways around it.
If the fee structure remains anything like it is now, Bitcoin has no future as a consumer currency. It will be replaced by something that works better.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:54:23


At least you discovered one of the benefits of crypto currency - the bank can't prevent you spending your own money...and that aspect of banking is caused by the reduced security of credit cards over crypto (the bank puts a hold on the card to protect against fraud).
@_date: 2017-09-24 11:02:07
Of course I don't know. It's conjecture.
I don't see any evidence the car industry wants to destroy driverless cars. The banking industry is going to pounce big time on any negativity with crypto. And there is a lot of money at stake.
@_date: 2017-10-19 01:24:50


People will start to see crypto currencies as viable, and then competing currencies will crop up that are easier to use (for the average consumer - lower fees, instant transaction time, lower barrier to entry, more like traditional currency and banks, etc.) than current cryptos. The various currencies will exist alongside each other with some level of interchange/conversion.
So effectively there will be as many crypto currencies as the market supports, and the combined number of coins available will be enough to service the people who want to use the currencies, rendering the scarcity of Bitcoin moot.
@_date: 2017-10-18 12:29:07


To play Devil's advocate:
I've bought several things this week with my credit card and paid exactly zero fees and all transactions completed instantly (from the consumer's point of view). And I'm protected by my bank if any of my transactions end up being fraudulent. I am charged a few cents if I make international purchases.
Sure, there are fees - but the merchant pays them, and unless they are charging more for CC transactions vs Bitcoin, it matters nothing to me.
You're also ignoring the fact that the Bitcoin fee isn't related to the transaction amount, so that 54c could easily be applied to a transaction worth $1 - a whopping 54% fee.
"only 0.4%" fees add up.
Of course cash is also fee-free and instant.
@_date: 2017-10-19 01:54:05


Yes, absolutely.


Yes, that's true. But there's no reason to believe that banking won't increasingly move into these places as other things already do (e.g. mobile phones).


I hope that is the case, but even if it is, there is no reason to believe it will be Bitcoin or *only* Bitcoin. Most likely countries/regions will start their own blockchain currencies just as countries have their own fiat currencies.


Yes, but beneficial means different things to different people. Bitcoin does need infrastructure - Internet access, computers, education. Fiat money is a lot simpler in that regard. In the first world, Bitcoin is nowhere near the convenience of fiat, though if crypto is the only option in the developing world convenience matters a lot less.


Or, more likely, the wealth currently in Bitcoin will end up spread among many 'first tier' crypto currencies along with the rest of the world's wealth, making Bitcoin's value a lot lower than many around here expect.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:40:38
If you have the private key (which you will if you store your coins in a hardware wallet), you will have access to forked coins. If the private key is held by a 3rd party (e.g. Coinbase), you are relying on them to grant you the forked coins at their leisure.
Your particular wallet might not support the new coins, but since you hold your private key, you will be able to get them from any wallet that supports them. Just wait for instructions to be posted in here, and take any necessary precautions.
tl;dr - if you have your own private keys you have control over your coins, including forked coins.
The private key is valid for the forked coin chain as well as the proper Bitcoin chain. Thus if you have the private key you have control over the coins on each chain.
@_date: 2018-02-21 07:20:26


I don't use Coinbase any more, but I'm sure they always charged me a flat fee. If that's the case, then they are paying the price of not batching because customers pay the same regardless of whether the transaction is batched.
@_date: 2017-10-29 12:35:01
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:16:58
You're making the same mistake as him - taking a point in time and representing it as typical of bitcoin's performance and fees.
The truth is somewhere between. Sure we have low fees and almost guaranteed next block confirmation now, but just 6 weeks ago the fees for a regular transaction were in the $30 range.
This shows (in my opinion) that blockchain is a really stupid technology by itself, and we need 2nd layer solutions to remove the reliance on block size and the massive changes imposed when traffic is very high.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:57:52


The point you are not understanding is that credit card fees (specifically those for international purchases) are at the discretion of the card provider, whereas with Bitcoin the fee is required for the transaction to work at all. Credit card technology is not dependent on transaction fees, but Bitcoin is.
The vast majority of personal financial transactions are going to be local, so your example is dishonest. Sure for you buying things across borders is cheaper with Bitcoin (though the variance in fees and the lack of correlation between fee and transaction amount makes it tricky, especially for low value transactions). But for most situations that will not be the case.


That is not a problem with credit cards; it is an issue with your credit card provider/bank/government.


Still slower, still more complicated, still next to useless for low value transactions (that 54c fee is not so attractive on a $1 drink). Bitcoin has a lot of great uses, but it is not even close to parity with fiat currency/credit cards for day-to-day use.
@_date: 2018-04-24 00:37:03
In Australia, it's still cheaper than sending an international money transfer via a bank (which can vary from ~$5 - for small amounts - up to ~$30).
Everyone's deluded if they think Paypal has introduced this fee because of Bitcoin/crypto. They have introduced the fee because it's a way to earn more money while still being cheaper than their primary competition (the banks).
Yes, it's a great reason to avoid  Paypal and do more with Bitcoin, but it's not there because Paypal 'knows they are doomed by crpyto'.
@_date: 2017-07-03 02:48:27
I spent a few seconds wondering how anyone can say that so casually and just move on...
@_date: 2017-07-03 00:03:24
Presumably there will be some level of insurance against failed transactions, probably built into the fees the shop owner pays.
@_date: 2017-07-23 08:06:55
You could do what I do - store your bitcoin safely offline (paper wallet or 'cold storage'), but also keep a small amount in a phone wallet for quick access/spending.
@_date: 2017-07-28 13:50:26
Where did you buy the Trezor with bitcoin? I need to get one.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:11:59
Ahh...they list the prices in Euros, but you can pay in BTC at the checkout. They really should make this clearer (it's only in the FAQ as far as I can tell).
@_date: 2017-06-30 00:47:07
I'm using one on my phone at the moment called Mycelium. I haven't tried any other yet. There are a lot of choices!
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:06:34
Yes. I'm a noob too, and used Coinbase to buy some coin. I have since transferred it to my own private wallet.
Everything I've read so far says to not keep coin in places like Coinbase long term, as things could go wrong. But make sure you know what you're doing before setting up your own wallet so you are safe and know how to make sure you don't lose your wallet.