@_author: djnixon
@_date: 2016-08-07 01:51:55
Good move, Brian. It's an incremental increase for me since I'm playing the long game and am not buying and selling daily. But it's a needful move for Coinbase toward sustainability. If it helps you to help us and move everyone closer to a commonly used, secure, alternative financial system, then you can have my half percent.
@_date: 2016-08-24 14:39:10
Nobody wants one more step to perform. Simplicity wins the day.
@_date: 2016-09-15 01:55:16
Thank you for your brief response to Mr. Vorhees. Monero (of which I have none) currently provides true anonymity, an element lacking in BTC and something many people want. And who's to say if this will ever be available in BTC. So now we have a raison d'être for at least one altcoin. A few other altcoins also have, at least for the time being, a USP that distinguishes them from BTC and makes them attractive to others. (E.g. Ethereum for smart contracts.) But beyond their "legitimacy," I'd say that the work being done by devs in these other cryptocurrencies are useful to BTC in the long run. When you're the only game in town, there's not pressure to evolve, and one important marker of health in an ecosystem — and the cryptocurrency market is a kind of ecosystem — is diversity. I think we should welcome the competition. Those that are weak or just plain scams will die. Those that have something of value to offer will stick for good reasons and benefit BTC in the long run. I see a day when we can freely exchange stores of value among a few proven cryptocurrencies. If I put 80-85% of my investments into BTC and 15-20% into altcoins, that feels like more than sufficient patronage.
@_date: 2016-09-15 14:31:07
Thanks for your reasoned response. Since i'm newer to the "crypto-ecosystem," the opinions of vets matter to me as i try to sort things out. Two final questions that i hope you can/will respond to: (1) Do you think others, like yourself, with deep roots &amp; contributions in Bitcoin are of the same opinion as you – i.e., that development in other cryptocurrencies has been largely useless / unhelpful to Bitcoin? (2) Is it accurate to say you see these other cryptos not just as a distraction but as actually damaging to the development of BTC? Thx.