@_author: djsjjd
@_date: 2016-08-05 06:58:45
Please name the countries that impose the death penalty for conviction of theft.
@_date: 2016-08-06 03:29:22
Why would you take moral guidance from North Korea? The fact that you can only name one or two radical States makes my point.
@_date: 2016-08-06 03:27:14
Well, you're wrong, because Saudi Arabia follows their version of sharia law. Under Sharia law, the punishment for theft is cutting off hands, not death. Regardless, you still made my point, because who the fuck cares what Saudi Arabia and China think about capital punishment?
No civilized country in the world has capital punishment for theft. The notion is ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-01-18 10:03:40
Pay with BTC on Amazon: 
@_date: 2019-07-15 02:06:28
Tell us more about your fascinating resume and all-around superiority...
@_date: 2019-07-15 02:12:43
I agree it makes no sense. To answer your question, the only honest answer is that the US military is in control of billions of dollars worth of technology and equipment. If the government needs some gas money, the military could have a garage sale to back up the currency...
@_date: 2019-07-15 02:03:12
Unfortunately, you are wrong. It's money . . . People have, and are going to be, killed over it. Violent crime is an unavoidable aspect of human nature. Making something desirable digital doesn't change our ugly side.
@_date: 2019-07-17 01:09:40
First, let me say I'm not advocating a return to the previous gold standard. We need more flexibility than the traditional gold standard allows, but some changes need to be made because the dollar has slipped and both of your statements are factually incorrect.
Wages have not risen enough to keep pace with dollar devaluation. Minimum wage would be $23.68 if wages kept pace with devaluation. [   A major risk factor for fiat is inflation and the dollar has not been able to keep pace with it since leaving the gold standard and it's become much worse than even 20 years ago. Housing, cars, food and healthcare  are all more expensive in terms of percentage of annual income. The cost living hasbeen rising much faster than wages: [ ,  [
The past decade has seen the lowest taxes in US History. From 1932 to 1986, the top US tax rate was between 50% and 93%. It wasn't until Reagan's last few years in office that we saw tax rates under 40%.  [ Other than running larger debts, printing money is how the US has stayed afloat and it's coming back to bite us.
Wages are just one piece of the pie. The dollar has also lost value globally and it's value when compared to other currencies is one of the more important valuation factors. A currency valuable only in its own country isn't worth much. This was the USSR's greatest weakness. The only reason the ruble had any international value was due to trade with sister communist countries, chiefly East Germany, but valuation was still so difficult that it was worthless outside of the Eastern bloc. On the other hand, Britain has seen a large benefit historically due to the strength of the pound and it's still one of the most foreign-owned currencies - other nations still invest in the pound. (The US has been lucky for other reasons that the dollar is still the de facto global currency.)
@_date: 2019-07-15 02:08:30
And look how far the value of a dollar had fallen since we left the gold standard....
@_date: 2019-07-15 05:02:13
Do you have a link for your resume? I don't know what you think I should read
@_date: 2017-12-27 06:05:24
As the "old" saying goes, you'll know it has made it "to the moon" when you no longer want to buy dollars with it.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:21:56
I agree with everything you say in your last comment. Except for the first few sentences where you now say you have no problem paying taxes because that is not how I understood you when this started. Our discussion began when you were saying things like:




Maybe I misunderstood, but I thought you were saying that you were not going to pay taxes on your crypto gains. I agree things suck and need to be changed, but I'm only arguing that you need to comply with the law as it is currently written while you work to change the tax code.
Maybe a sales tax could be a fix, but under the current system, you are obligated to pay personal income taxes and there is no way to "let the exchanges deal with the tax admin." The same can be argued for paying taxes on your payroll income - let the employers handle it.  Unfortunately, neither can perform our obligations.
Some patience is going to be required across the board. It would be nice if things changed overnight, but it is going to take some time.  It took over 3,000 years to develop our current legal system and online trading didn't even exist 25 years ago.   The older generations (who have the benefit of [traditional] wisdom and usually occupy elected offices) who run the show didn't grow up thinking about societal structure through the lens of the internet/information revolution. When we get to the point when everyone holding office grew up with the internet and understands these issues better, you will see bigger and better changes.  Most of the people in office now grew up marveling at air travel, handheld calculators, microwave ovens and not needing to share their telephone line with their neighbor. They aren't as equipped to grasp the concepts as well as you and you can't expect immediate change other than voting them out.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:47:54
I didn't expect it that fast because they said it would take at least 48 hours but it arrived much earlier than that.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:22:21
There are going to be frequent swings in the thousands of dollars during this run because there isn't enough supply to meet the demand.
Lack of supply drives up the price until long term hodlers/early adopters/whales see enough profit that it is sell time and decide to sell off a big chunk. When those big chunks hit the market, the price levels because supply meets demand. Then they quickly sell out and the price starts to spike again.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:34:59
More like conviction and seizure . . .
@_date: 2017-12-12 08:55:04
In addition to the good points by you have to consider that the money that VC's "throw around" at various upstarts doesn't mean to them what it means to you. That money to them is just peanuts and the cost of doing business that is baked into their business model. It is all recouped by  the ones that are successful. That is one reason their fees are so high.
When you think about a capitalist system, having Venture capitalists who do not fully understand the technology is actually a good thing.  Technology is so complicated now that it is impossible to be an expert in numerous fields. It takes complete concentration and sometimes a lifetime to develop cutting edge technology and it takes skills that don't necessarily lend to make a good VC. Yet, their money is essential for development, so consider them a necessary evil.
 VCs need to have a million connections and stay on top of the latest buzz and know who's got money to spend on tech firms, and all kinds of worthless information that requires them to be at the happy hour spot until it is time to be at the dinner restaurant place to be five to seven nights per week.  You get to Novogratz's level and add cable news spots to the list of unproductive activities to your daily schedule.  I'm fairly confident that if the world's top Developers spent their lives that way that very little would be accomplished.  I can't imagine many would be happy spending their lives on vacuous platitudes either. So people like Novogratz are there to take more than they deserve (whether it be credit or money) because, if they didn't, there would be many important inventions that never make it out of the basement and a lot more nerds trying to take you to strip clubs.
Edit: I also wanted to address your comment about 2007, because there were some serious errors that led to the crash that we should not allow to repeat, but venture capitalists having a poor understanding of technology is not one of them. 
The biggest collapse was caused by the over-inflation of the mortgage Securities market. Venture capitalist didn't have anything to do with that because it is not their type of work. It was primarily the fault of the banks who lent mortgages to unqualified borrowers and then sold those mortgages knowing that they be used as securities. The purchasers then securitized the mortgages and sold off securities and insurance companies got in on the transactions and way too much wealth was dependent on low-income homeowners who shouldn't've qualified for a loan in the first place.
Second, there was no new technology involved. This is the worst part, because everyone involved knew exactly what they were getting into. If you ever heard of the Savings and Loan crisis of the 1980s, it s the exact same thing, only then it caused the collapse of most Savings and Loans (or Credit Unions, as they are called now) back then (hence the "S&amp;L Crisis") to fail in the late 1980s. They went under because they made bad loans to their customers and then sold the loans into Securities just like Wall Street did 10 years later.  All of the Senior Management that was in charge during the Wall Street collapse was working in the banking industry during the S&amp;L crisis and it made national news all the time, so all of these people knew exactly what they were getting into when they were buying shity loans as securities. Any claims to the contrary are just excuses from the guilty who try to justify taking bailout money.
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:35:58
Private = Not owned by a government.  
Private banks still need to comply with a country's laws if the bank wishes to operate in said country.  Hence, they hire compliance officers to ensure that they are operating legally.  Compliance officers are employees of the bank, so they are free to fire them at will or "kick them out" as you say.  But they won't fire them because they want to be in compliance with the law.  
My guess is that you equate "officer" with a government official.  Private companies have all kinds "officers" starting with the CEO - none of which work for the government.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:35:50
You can avoid even more fees on gdax if you are selling crypto for u.s. dollars.  Do NOT make a market sell order. Set a limit order and check the box to ensure that you are a market maker (as opposed to taker) and you will avoid the sale fees.
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:41:36
Well, thanks for sticking with the discussion and keeping an open mind.  That alone puts you ahead of most when it comes to politics these days. This new brand of politics that feeds on knee-jerk hatred of opponents rather than facts and honest discussion is only temporary and the back-lash is coming. It won't be long before the tide turns again and the intelligent people who pay attention will be in a position to call the shots. More importantly for us, those who are able to capitalize on crypto will find themselves wielding much more power at a much younger age than most.  Have enough money to buy a house in the suburbs and not many people pay attention. Earn enough money to buy a few commercial buildings in a business district or employ a lot of people and politicians start calling you . . .  And, if things don't change, you'll also have enough money to move to a developing country that will let you live how you want.
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:22:02
I don't know how your gov't handles taxation in this situation, but for US citizens reading this, it is very easy:  First of all, the question you answered mentioned *donations*.  Under US law, *donations* are gifts to charity and (usually) not taxable.  If it is truly a gift, the person receiving the gift pays no taxes.
The situation you describe as *under the table* is income that is taxed and must be reported to the US gov't.  We wouldn't call that *under the table* unless the parties pretended it didn't happen with the intent of avoiding tax obligations.  In the US, the phrase "under the table" specifically means an illegal agreement to exchange things of value without informing the government for the purpose of evading taxes. 
You provided a service (teaching how to trade and secure crypto) for value (commissions).  Because you took something of value other than dollars as payment, we would call it a *barter* and you would be required to pay taxes on the fair market value of your services at the time they were rendered.  Thus, if the services you provided had a FMV of $200/hour, you would add up the time spent and multiply those hours by 200 to determine the amount of income you received for your tutoring service and pay income taxes on that amount (in dollars, since you must pay US taxes in dollars).
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:32:16
Sounds like the Fed to me. Can only pay your tax debt in dollars, control the production and distribution, arbitrary ex post facto devaluation . . .
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:26:25
I agree with you that our government has gone astray and is in need of a major rework. However, I understood your series of comments to imply that you are okay with the notion of not fulfilling your tax obligation as if taxes were some sort of legitimate political debate or proper recourse; which they are not. 
Taxes are essential to our form of government (which should be no surprise since they are fully described in our Constitution and have been with us since the dawn of the country). By withholding taxes, you are not hurting the people whose policies you say that you are opposed to. It only hurts the people you purport to care about and makes it more difficult to repair or change the system.
Have you also rejected all benefit received from both your payment of taxes and taxes paid by others? I'm going to guess that you live in the US and you have not. Therefore, you have been accepting the benefits obtained from tax payments and cannot decide not to participate now that it is your turn to sacrifice.  This is all just an excuse for your greed. Go spend a few years somewhere where you do not benefit from US taxes and then you can make that argument. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:12:19
Not sure because it's been years since I sold on coinbase. I can tell you, though, that I sold on gdax a few days ago and I received the dollars in my bank account in less than 24 hours.  
@_date: 2017-12-29 07:02:09
All investments are gambling.  No different than sports betting. All involve the attempt to predict the result of an undetermined outcome that will happen sometime in the future based on the information available.  Vegas and NYSE are the same thing, you just place bets in different places.  CME futures are another perfect example.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:33:50
FOREX day-traders have been taxed that way for years, so I don't think your "it's too hard" argument will go very far.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:49:43
Guess you shouldn't have chosen to take yourself out of the "normal person" category and decided to day-trade.
Ignorance of the law is no defense. You are an adult and the law will treat you like one. So put on your big-boy pants and hire an accountant.
Edit: politically untenable? What fashion of politics is going to feel sorry for people who made a bunch of easy money and don't want to pay their taxes?
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:04:56
Nice work. That's a great way to answer the question you posed ("So you think that 5% dip counts as a correction?")
I would have just said "a real correction is a retracement in the neighborhood of 50 to 75% so be ready for it when it happens." The truth should be scary enough for some people, the rest will soon learn that it is.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:43:28
You mean the donations that Andreas recently received?  If so, do you think that Andreas is returning bitcoin to the people who made donations? I'm trying to understand what you mean about laundering . . . 
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:45:06


That's what I was thinking as well. If I understand sha-256 correctly, there is a better chance that I snort coke off of a purple unicorn's ass in a Lamborghini on Mars five hours from now than entering a incorrect address and accidentally creating an address of someone who is also on the same subs as you on Reddit and reads on of your posts.
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:08:48
Yeah, she seemed out of place, but she knew the panel and they needed somebody to constantly remind that panel of socially uncomfortable individuals to speak up and make sense.  At times, I thought Szabo and VaughnPerling's hat were having a mumbling contest.
"What year did you get started in Bitcoin?"   "Uuhhh , , , I'm not going to get into numbers."
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:23:48
I'd prefer that my tax money be spent on bettering the lives of Americans through a national health-care system rather than 2 extended wars/occupations in the Middle East.
However, since we live in a representative democracy, our duty as citizens is to pay our tax obligations whether or not we agree with the amount or the purpose of expenditure. The only way to change that is through your vote. You are not permitted to make a judgement call and base your tax payments on your personal whims. 
The law is on the side of the IRS here and if you shirk your obligation, you will end up paying much, much more than your tax rate and possibly face prison time. Morality and civic duty aside, this is not the time to cheat on cryptocurrency taxes. The IRS is wise to the recent crypto boon and has already subpoenaed Coinbase for its customer records because so few people paid taxes on cryptocurrency the past few years.  There is an open investigation and unless you did everything through localbitcoins under pseudonyms and have no paper trail at financial institutions, the government is watching you.
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:41:43


Bitcoin made it easy, but actually, it shows that *Andreas* is a beautiful person who has shown the world the power of passion.
Thank you, Andreas. You changed my life for the better and inspire me to do even better.
@_date: 2017-12-25 07:54:40
I agree.  However, I also know this goal won't be entirely* realized during my lifetime and anyone else over 30 who would like to someday enjoy the fruits of their crypto labor/wisdom/luck should pay close attention to OP.  Even if you are under 30, you are taking a huge risk if you are storing or acquiring your crypto in ways that preclude you from transferring the bulk of it into fiat and hoping for the day that fiat is entirely unnecessary.
(*US citizens, for example, are being taxed on crypto gains and those taxes can only be paid in dollar$ - meaning you need to be able to put at least 1/3 (or more depending on state tax, your tax bracket and factors we don't even know yet) of your holdings into dollar$ just to pay taxes.)
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:31:12
So you have to pay to have a voice?  Do those who pay more have louder voices?
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:18:09
Talk about projecting . . . /I don't want to touch your sweaty palm
@_date: 2014-06-23 05:14:20
We are starting to see this happen with the 50cent album and even better, the Bitcoin Bowl Game.
Having a major bowl game named the "Bitcoin Bowl" is going to further spread the name to millions more people.  (Sure, it's officially the "Bitcoin St. Petersburg Bowl," but everyone will call it the 'Bitcoin Bowl'.)
I think it was pretty classy on Bitpay's part.  They are the ones funding it and they could have easily named it the Bitpay Bowl, but instead pushed for the whole community by going with "Bitcoin Bowl."  They also gave up a lot of return on their advertising investment when they forfeited publicizing their own name for the greater good.
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:58:18
I don't know what to say at this point and I'm starting to wonder if you work for KnC, because everything you post is the opposite of truth.
There is a long case law history of calculating lost profits and it is quite easy to do in this situation.  First, look at the promises KnC has made on their website:  
It's mostly the same for all their products, but let's look at their premier rig at the bottom of the page, the Neptune third batch, for which they promise:
*Minimum 3000GH/s of hashing speed that 3TH Over 5 times the speed of our first Jupiter release* 
  
*A 30% reduction in watts per GH*
*Bitcoins first ever 20nm miner*
(They also say it is non-refundable, but that is bullshit "scare you away" contract language which is unenforceable.)
It is very easy to prove up lost profits in this case because KnC made specific performance promises that are very easy to extrapolate into a dollar amount.
If they deliver a machine that fails to meet these promises or deliver a machine late enough that it is obsolete, lost profits are easy to prove.  
All you need is an expert witness who is knowledgeable about bitcoin to testify what profits would have been made had the product been delivered timely in the working order they promised.  This can be easily figured by the numbers set forth above and what they would produce in today's mining market.
This is really basic stuff and loss of profits is a very common remedy in situations like these.  There is a ton of case law on this if you are interested in learning how this works, but I suggest you start with a hornbook or treatise on the subject, which will be a little easier to understand.
My favorite contracts hornbook is Farnsworth's.  The best treatise is the Restatement of Contracts and AmJur is good, too.  All will be available at any law library.
That said, I'm done with this discussion.  You seem like the type who always wants the last word no matter how far you need to pull stuff out of your ass to make an erroneous point about a subject you don't understand.  So go ahead and post your next bizzaro theory if you want, but I'm done explaining.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:36:50
I agree.  Hot wallets have their risks, but the alternatives aren't perfect either.
I also expect that it won't be long before an insurer gets in the game and teams up with a company like Coinbase.  There is a huge market for a site that is as easy and safe as online banking.  Coinbase is getting close, but they are missing a consumer safeguard similar to that provided by the FDIC.
I'm sure that insurance companies are looking hard at filling this role.  There is buying strength in numbers in the insurance world and since Coinbase has 650,000+ members and growing, they could probably provide some level of insurance without too much cost, as on option.
If there was an option to add a 0.00whatever% fee to a transaction, or a small monthly fee, that provided insurance on the coins stored in their wallets, I would definitely consider it if the price was low enough.
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:36:09
But you were talking about running a whole bunch of old machines on cheap electricity to keep up with better-funded miners.  That won't fit in the corner of your room - you'd need a warehouse.  That, or you'd need thousands of people running small rigs in the corner of their rooms.
This is the kind of thing you'll be competing with: 
@_date: 2014-01-14 07:08:40
Have you used the Coinbase Android app?  
If so, check if any "weird" IP addresses might be from your phone carrier.  Mine was from a state halfway across the country.  Foreign ones should be a red flag for sure, though.
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:30:52
@_date: 2014-01-28 06:25:54
I'd be interested to hear the concept you envision.
As an American, the idea of free market law enforcement and imprisonment administered by private agencies would never cause me to accuse you of being utopian.  
In fact, I could not think of anything worse for America.  It would be a fast-track to the pre-civil rights era.
@_date: 2014-03-28 10:36:00
It was much easier last year - it was just a straight dollar amount.  IIRC, if you made less than $7500, you did not need to file a return.
This year, the [rules became much more complicated.](  There are now vastly different income levels requiring a return (between $300-$7000ish) depending whether that income was earned or unearned (probably a judgment call, maybe depends upon whether mining or day-trading) and whether the kid was self-employed or not (probably).
*These rules are for [16 year-olds claimed as] dependents, but I think most parents will want to take advantage of listing their 16 year-old dependents for the associated deductions being greater than whatever the dependent would save from not filing.
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:53:44
There were no personal computers or high-speed internet in the 1950s.
In the 1950s, people lived mostly within their local community.  Now, just about anyone can get online and speak (or skype) all over the world.  The last time technology truly changed the way the world worked was the industrial revolution.  I think the internet will prove (if it hasn't already) to be the next major advancement that changes how humans live, but on an even greater scale.
As for my lifetime, it is already happening.  China has effectively banned couples from having a second child and there are humanitarian efforts which provide birth control to certain parts of Africa.  As for the elderly, I agree we won't be culing them anytime soon, however, the aging baby-boomer population has started the (academic) discussion.
The industrial revolution caused some people to lose jobs to automation and, later, robotics.  The PC and the  internet are now taking clerical and other low-level white collar jobs.  Some examples include the automated check-out at the grocery store and bank tellers.  
I have an online acct. at a national bank, and for this account I need to do everything by ATM.  In fact, if I go inside the bank and ask the clerk to perform a function that I could have done on the ATM, I am charged a fee.  Secretaries are being phased out, as well.  When's the last time you saw somebody ask their secretary to dictate a letter as they speak (shorthand)?  Now, you can just speak to your computer.  Same goes with filing now that everything is stored electronically.   
Moreover, they already have automated forklifts in warehouses and google has logged close to a million miles on public roads in their driver-less cars without a single failure.    I think in my lifetime, driving your own car will be a luxury and that most vehicles, including taxis and long-haul truckers, will be driven by CPU.  You can imagine how many jobs driver-less cars will displace.
Here is an article from a couple of MIT professors addressing both sides of the debate:  
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:29:08
She's obviously sick.  She spent the first half of the interview trying to hold back her hacking cough.  Hence the tears.  She wasn't crying because of the story.
@_date: 2014-12-14 09:14:12
And that's how it works.  What's your point?
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:21:22
Really? At my last 3 addresses (1 apartment, 2 free-standing houses in the U.S.) I have had a static IP address through high-speed cable.  
Are you in the US?  Who doesn't get a static IP address?  Honest queston . . . I don't understand all the different types of networks. 
I know you don't get one when on 4G on a phone, etc.  which is why the IP whitelist has some limitations.
@_date: 2014-05-30 11:12:42
If you are in the store and see an item you like and the store accepts btc, why don't you just buy it and take it home with you?  Why bring in courier fees, extra gas, and more chances for human error?
I could see it being convenient if you are shopping out of town and want to ship an item rather than bring it on the plane, but other than that, if you are already in the store - take it with you and you'll have it instantly.
@_date: 2014-03-02 07:03:22
Don't you already have to be logged in before you can see a new deposit?  How do you see these newly deposited satoshis before you've logged in, in order to "get people" to log in?
@_date: 2014-11-20 07:44:08
I did.  Sorry for the mistake - I'll delete it.
@_date: 2014-06-28 04:53:24
Singapore is extremely rich - highest per capita income in the world, IIRC.
But I would not want to live there.  Everything is pretty and nice because of their extremely authoritarian gov't.  They *outlawed chewing gum* in the entire country and if you are caught with an amount that looks like more than personal use at customs, you'll spend some time in jail until they deport you for smuggling.
Then again, 1 in 6 Singaporeans are millionaires, so I guess I could live without gum for a $million.  
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:24:23
I made an accurate comment and was unjustifiably attacked by that guy.  So I responded in kind.  BTW, you didn't correct me - look at the post he freaked out on - you are saying the same thing that I had already said: that they would care about it if you were smuggling more than for personal use.  It is still illegal to sell there and the laws are still enforced.
I don't understand the nasty nitpicking that you 2 have been engaged in. Especially after I backed up my facts with cites.  Rather than take the gist of the comment for what it was, you guys have a need to fight tooth and nail over a very minor point.  It would be a different story if you guys tried having a civil discussion with me instead of the Blitzkrieg of Ad Hom you came after me with.  It appears the argument is more important for you than discussing Bitcoin, which the reason we are here.  We're on the same team and I was not nasty until I was attacked, especially since the attack was so inaccurate.  I know I'm no saint in this by stooping to your and other guy's level, but at least I made accurate points and backed them up.
Now, you are curiously painting yourself as a White Knight, who came to other guy's rescue.  If you are such a noble person, why didn't you come to my aid when he went nuts over a minor issue that was completely unprovoked by me?  I have a feeling I'm talking to the same person who switched to his alt account after your disastrous first post.  
Whatever. I'm not going to waste any more time on this.
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:35:40
There are so many failure points in that example - I'm glad you consider it utopian, because it certainly is pie-in-the-sky.
What happens if the guy doesn't pay for security? Or, if neither party did?  Because that's exactly how it would work in the US - people would laugh at the idea of paying for security and just rely on their own guns.  When Alice's security show's up at Bob's house, Bob will say Fuck off, and the whole system crumbles.  
Oh, you want to require people to pay for this elaborate private security/negotiation/trial system?  Well, then it's no longer free market . . .
@_date: 2014-06-25 12:07:10


You are.  Look into Bitpay's and Coinbase's merchant services and you will see that your hypothetical problem was solved a long time ago.
@_date: 2014-11-15 02:52:14
I agree. The US is the last place that needs Bitcoin.  Africa is starting to boom now and I think we will see the first widespread use of Bitcoin in financially distressed countries.
@_date: 2014-11-18 12:06:07
If I had $100,000 I'd buy.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:16:03
I don't see this going anywhere.
I just checked the front page and there was about a dozen stupid musings, from "Jesus Saves" to wall-of-text libertarian rants.  None of them had received a single tip.
However, the Rick Roll video was also on the front page and had over $3 in tips.  
@_date: 2014-06-01 07:00:34
Here is a demo of Armory's multi-sig: 
Link stolen from 's post on the front page: 
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:08:06
In the mid-1980s, I got my first savings account.  I was a kid and only had about $25.00 to put in it, but it was worth doing, because back then, the interest rate on a regular, no-minimum, no-fee savings account was around 7%.  It is how my parents introduced me to banking and savings.
You can't do that anymore in the U.S.  The Fed has been lowering interest rates for 20 years and they can't go any lower anymore because they are next to zero (short term is under 0.01%).
The value of money is so low right now, that commercial banks don't want your money.  It costs them more to set up and maintain a savings account for you, so much so that it is not worth their time anymore.  Banking usually comes with fees for the small investor.
The very poor are also less inclined to have bank accounts for additional reasons.  They require an address, and an ID.  If your primary business is in cash on the streets, you and banks aren't attractive to each other.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:17:23
Guess I'll have to do that on my work computer, then . . .
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:35:52
 . . . . and chaos ensues.  Good luck with that.
As for "auto-murder," that is also known as the cycle of life.  You have quite an ego to presume that the earth would benefit from your eternal existence.  Maybe humanity is better off with fresh perspectives.
@_date: 2014-06-30 04:25:43
Ah, the old moving-target defense.  Classic troll move.
I suggest you stop dwelling on your past mistakes and spreading your misery around here and try looking forward so that you can move on.  You are stuck in the anger phase of grief and looking for people to blame.  Start with the mirror.
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:58:31
Actually, I took the time to watch your video and attempted to continue the debate using specific examples from your argument to continue the discussion.
Rather than defending your position, you instead chose to make a bunch of inaccurate assumptions about me, then make ad hominem attacks against me based on those false suppositions.  Amidst the fun you were having berating me, you forgot to defend your example.
Also, trading government authority with private authority is not the end-all solution.  That's just fascism.  And you haven't explained what private authority means to you and how you are going to force people to pay for it.
Anyway, it is an interesting subject to debate and I'd be happy to debate it with you if you want to defend your position.  If you want to attack me, then save your breath.
@_date: 2014-02-12 04:55:20
WesternUnion owners should start converting their spaces to Bitcoin-sending services. Change the business or do it slowly over time. The neighborhoods they operate in are populated by customers who aren't always up to speed on bitcoin and could use assistance sending money for a small fee (cheaper than what WU charges). 
Eventually, people will learn to do it themselves on their smartphones, but it could be a legit service that helps spread the use of bitcoin while giving WU owners another year or two of business before packing it up.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:40:19
Hi - best way to learn is to start using it and tip your friends so they learn too.  Here's $1 to get started @_date: 2014-05-31 08:41:44
A pound's worth of something. Or gamble.
@_date: 2014-06-03 06:42:39
Exactly.  In fact, most wallets and exchanges do that for you already.
Plug in the dates and you've got a nice spreadsheet of all the info the IRS wants.  The burden is on the IRS much more than BTC users.
If you have the paper, consider printing off the entire blockchain for each transaction and let the IRS have fun with their rules.
Actually, the ruling isn't that bad for us.  As I said, record-keeping for us can be easy.  But now if you hold any of your btc for a year before selling, you qualify for the low 15% long-term capital gains tax.  Much better rate than if it was classified as a foreign currency.
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:00:07
HaHa!  iOS is now the 3rd most popular OS.  Nobody is buying that crap anymore.
But it will be great exposure for Bitcoin as iphone users learn about Bitcoin, realize their apps suck, and switch to Android where apps are free and no big brother bullshit.  
Apple was too busy throwing money at Dre for shitty high-schooler headphones that they missed out on what could have been a great early partnership.  A year ago, iTunes could have led the introduction of micropayments.
@_date: 2014-01-05 00:55:53
  has been doing steady face-to-face cash purchase transactions for as long as anybody else in the bitcoin selling business. 
Edit: fix link
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:43:30
I agree with your first paragraph.
Cancer is a very noble cause, but there are *a lot* of noble causes.  This sub will become an absolute mess if every charity and group with a colorful ribbon comes here to ask for donations.  Solicitation posts need to be moved elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:55:29
Exactly.  It doesn't matter that tigerdirect is involved.  
What matters is that national media is reporting that WalMart is selling Bitcoin miners.  The exposure is much more important than sales of outdated miners that will probably never get much of an ROI.
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:13:33
That makes sense.  You are right though, about freezing accounts.  
I could understand them holding certain deposits that were suspicious - to give them more time to verify that it is legit.  But to freeze the entire account is wrong when there is no evidence of crime.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:48:57
I love the irony here.
Guy writes article slamming journalists for taking money to write articles about Bitcoin companies.  Then concludes article by asking for money for writing about Bitcoin companies.
Fucking beautiful piece of work.
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:52:32
That would backfire on us.  We may carry some debt with China, but it is nowhere near the amount of money owed to the U.S from aid money we loan to most of the world.
In fact, even though we owe China some money, the Chinese have also borrowed from us and when you compare the total balance sheets, China owes us $1 Trillion more than we owe them.
Nothing to worry about.  Just your typical right wing radio FUD.
@_date: 2014-03-23 20:02:35
There are federal reporting requirements for large deposits now.  Some banks flag accounts that suddenly have an increase in deposits, especially if they are from a foreign source.  I don't know the amount or source of your deposits, so I'm not sure if that is the case for you.
I don't understand your example of COBRA relating to bank deposits.  Can you clarify what you mean?  I was on COBRA for 18 months and never had any concerns about lawbreaking or large deposits.
@_date: 2014-06-20 09:06:09
The problem is that you are arguing a fallacy.  It might have been a nice joke in your opinion, but to actually run with the argument is not going to get you anywhere.
First of all, the US Marshals made the mistake.  The US Marshals would not be the regulatory body overseeing Bitcoin.  You can't take one government employee's mistake and blame the entire government for it.  There are many things that the federal government does very well, that could not be done by private entities.
I would prefer zero gov't. regulation, but when I make that argument, this email slip up won't be one of the reasons.  I'm also a realist and I know that we will always have some form of tax regulation wherever income is made.
@_date: 2014-06-23 07:53:02
It's something we will need to start thinking about in order to structure future society.  When you think about the advances the human race has made since the industrial revolution, it is truly staggering how much we have advanced as a species.
This has almost doubled our lifespan (and will very soon) and has brought automations, tools and machines that have made our lives much easier, but more importantly, less labor-intensive.  We need far less manpower to accomplish necessities such as agriculture, commodities and construction.
These are great things, but they will fundamentally alter how society is constructed because: 1) we will soon be living to 120-150 years old and; 2) we will run out of jobs for people to do because machines will accomplish much more than humans ever could.  Now that we have 3-D printers, the efficacy of machines will explode in the next 20 years, turning every home into a manufacturing plant.
Add into the mix our already massive problems resulting from pollution and over-population, and the earth will soon not be able to support us.
Technology is allowing us to accomplish amazing things that make our lives so much better.  However, we will soon need to address these issues and acknowledge that there won't be enough jobs to employ people for 40 hours per week.  Even more difficult is the fact that we are going to need to either artificially limit the number of children women may have or artificially limit the length of people's lives.  It's a tough call, but I prefer the former over the latter.  Eugenics is sometimes a dirty word, but I expect a comeback of the philosophy in the near future.
Edit to fix typo
@_date: 2014-07-08 07:52:16
Yeah, just like they did when when they fought off the Euro.  Massive blood-spilling . . . the Irish would never let that happen.  
@_date: 2014-06-22 09:24:57
What if Coinbase submitted it themselves as a security precaution?
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:44:59
No worries . . . Sorry for the misunderstandings.
Also I don't know that we are talking about the same stage of US society.  I am speaking about the US as if it were implemented today.  Maybe you are talking about a model society that has no poverty?
I think your system may work for non-violent crimes, and *maybe* some minor violent crimes.  The problem can be illustrated with your assault example.  It looks like you have ditched the traditional criminal model, which would include imprisonment as retribution and penance for the crime, in favor of the civil model where all wrongs are righted by money.
Personally, I'm not a big fan of our current incarceration model because it focuses so little on rehabilitation and job training - we just produce better criminals.  But, good luck selling a prison-less system of justice to most of the US.  The US (Bible-belt &amp; Texas, esp.) loves its pitchforks and executions.  
So . . .  you've ditched the criminal model and are now giving victims a civil case as their only method of justice.  We already have that civil system in place: Remember OJ?  He was found not guilty at his criminal trial and was found guilty at his civil trial.  So, your method really just serves to take away all of the available remedies to society, and half of the remedies available to victims, in dealing with criminal retribution.  


*This is exactly what personal injury attorneys do already!*   Except personal attorneys aren't so greedy!  Depending on the market you are in, they only charge 25/33% or 33/40%.
You are basically just dissolving the criminal justice system and adding one more element of damages to a civil lawsuit.  In a typical assault case, the victim is entitled to: past/future medical bills, past/future lost wages, past/future pain and suffering, loss of consortium and punitive damages.  It seems you want to add the criminal fine to the civil suit.  The worst consequence of assault is usually not the act itself, but the life-long injuries it causes.
You'll notice the damages may sound familiar.  That is because they are the same as in an auto accident case.  Except in an auto accident case, there is usually insurance to pay for it (that is why it is required by law in order to drive).  How are you going to get the street thugs to purchase assault insurance?  
Now look at major crimes.  Not a fistfight assault, but a gun shot to the neck leaving the victim alive but who is now bound to a wheelchair, paralyzed from the neck down and needs 24-hour care to feed him, bathe him, help him use the toilet, and to roll him over in bed to avoid sepsis bedsores.
The $10,000 penalty (-50%, of course) won't help with that.  Raise it to $200,000?  Well, maybe it will pay for 1 year of care if there aren't any surgeries.  Raise it to $1,000,000 and it won't even pay for his first month in the hospital.  By the time you raise it to $1,000,000,  nobody who hangs around the street shooting people will be able to afford to pay for the medical care their acts caused.


Guns aren't only on farms.  They are in cities and especially suburbs. Why do you say owning a gun would "cut down on the proceeds I could receive"?  If the fine was $10,000 for assaulting somebody, and the criminal assaulted you, doesn't his actions still warrant the punishment, so long as you used your gun in self-defense?


By who?  Aren't you going completely off your thesis here by saying that private authorities could be held accountable? How do you accomplish that without an over-riding authority such as gov't?  You hint at other entrepreneurs having this authority, but how?  Either way, that is not consistent with a free market if they are subject to such heavy regulation.
Also, you *can* hold the gov't. accountable - people sue the gov't. all the time and win.  For personal injury, property rights, contract disputes, civil rights violations, etc.   The separation of powers sometimes works and, oftentimes, if you are suing your state, you can take the case to federal court and let a federal judge preside.


Right, but law enforcement and administration of justice can't wait for demand.  If a woman is raped, you can't tell her that nobody is interested in her payment for an investigation/adjudication of the crime because there isn't enough market demand for it.  Civilized society requires constant and reliable law enforcement - it is one of the few things that the free market cannot do better than the gov't.
(However, the blockchain has the potential to be a very good globally-accessible court filing system.)
@_date: 2014-06-23 10:18:56
Yeah, we can revisit this in 8 1/2 months.
@_date: 2014-10-29 08:17:44
Now?  Pretty sure that hasn't been a problem for them in the last decade.
@_date: 2014-06-03 06:31:30
You're right - miners do not have any tax liability until they sell the coin.  It doesn't matter how or where you keep it - it only matters when you sell it.  You should keep a record of the value (fmv) of the coin at the time it was mined, as well as all of your mining costs (hardware, electricity, fees, etc.).
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:55:29
I'm sure by now you've re-read the post and found the reference.  As for the "again" part, it's touching to know that I have a following, but could you please refer me to the prior instance in which I was "making up shit"?
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:01:52
the particular condition that someone or something is in at a specific time.
"the state of the company's finances"
synonyms:	condition, shape, situation, circumstances, position; More
a physical condition as regards internal or molecular form or structure.
"water in a liquid state"
an agitated or anxious condition.
noun: a state
"don't get into a state"
synonyms:	fluster, frenzy, fever, fret, panic, state of agitation/anxiety; More
a dirty or untidy condition.
"look at the state of youâ€”what a mess!"
synonyms:	mess, chaos, disorder, disarray, confusion, muddle, heap, shambles; More
short for quantum state.~~
a nation or territory considered as an organized political community under one government.
"Germany, Italy, and other European states"
synonyms:	country, nation, land, sovereign state, nation state, kingdom, realm, power, republic, confederation, federation
@_date: 2014-03-24 11:43:01
When I unsubscribed from Amazon's email list 2 weeks ago, they asked why, so I told them I was boycotting Amazon until they accepted Bitcoin and that I was encouraging friends and family to do the same, and a little about how btc was better for both customer and Amazon.  
I received a similar canned response asking me to submit a business proposal:
*I understand you'd like to use Bitcoin as a payment method on our website; however we don't accept Bitpoint as a payment method on our website at this time.*
*We accept credit cards, debit cards, payment from U.S. checking accounts, Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Payments Stored Balance, and the Amazon.com Store Card. Here are the credit cards we accept:*
*-- American Express -- Diner's Club (U.S. billing addresses only) -- Discover -- MasterCard -- Visa, Visa Electron, and Visa Check Cards -- Eurocard -- JCB -- NYCE -- STAR -- China UnionPay (credit card only)*
*You can learn more about these payment methods on our Help pages:*
*If you'd prefer to pay with cash, you can buy Amazon.com Gift Card claim codes from authorized resellers at a store near you. Learn more at:*
*However, we'd like to hear more about your proposal. Please visit the link below to read our statement of company procedures and submit your business proposal:*
*Our strategic alliance department will evaluate your proposal, and someone will contact you if we determine that we would like to discuss this opportunity further.*
*We look forward to seeing you again soon.*
*Best regards, Mark Q."*
@_date: 2014-06-20 20:01:40
If you are concerned about what I think I understand, please see the first three ~~letters~~ words in both of my prior posts, where I make my understanding quite clear. Also, "over my head" is a phrase which means that the speaker doesn't fully understand the subject matter at hand.
Honestly, though, it seems like a fairly easy problem to solve.  You can even protect Bitcoin by requiring multiple-party input to spend a coin, so there must be  a similar solution to protect code.
Remember the old cold war movies, where it took two people with two entry keys and codes in order to launch to prevent one person being able to launch a missile?   I see no reason why procedures couldn't be put in place to prevent any change to the code without Coinbase's presence and approval.
This seems like a simple security issue that can easily be worked around.  I find it hard to believe that every business that uses software to handle private data is full of holes because nobody knows how to prevent people from changing their software illicitly.  However, you guys say it's near impossible.  
I've explained what I know (little) and why this seems easy to fix.  Answers like "because we can't" are so unsatisfying.  Same with the confetti analogy.  If the wrong paper would ruin the product and cause you to lose millions of $, then you just put in procedures (like put it in a safe that manufacturer doesn't have access to) to protect the paper and then your trusted employee takes the paper out of the safe when needed and puts it in the shredder.
Maybe another analogy would help; one that does not have an easy to identify point of failure with a simple solution.  Of course you don't owe me anything, so you could just as well tell me to pound sand.
@_date: 2014-05-25 10:41:39
No point waiting on US states.  Each state has its own banking laws and when you think about it from the states' perspective, they have little motivation at this point for drafting/revising laws to accommodate Bitcoin.  
50 different regulatory mazes, patched together over the years to deal with cash, checks and credit cards - it is no simple task to bring another system into the fold.
A perfect example is the Bitcoin ATM.  There should be hundreds of them in dozens of cities by now.  Unfortunately, due to laws written prior to the technology, they are present in only two states at the moment because of regulatory roadblocks. 
I'm sure that a large percentage of state legislators have zero understanding of Bitcoin; except for silk road, terrorism and money-laundering.  We need to find an incentive that will entice politicians to take the time and effort to adopt Bitcoin.  The Bitcoin lobbyist is a good start - but he is in Washington working mostly at the federal level.
We need to draft a uniform code of model laws to give to the states as a proposal for adoption.  Uniform codes exist in many areas of the law and it makes the legislators' jobs easier and can provide a road map for some semblance of consistency across the country.  My 2 cents would be to spend some Foundation money on lawyers for that purpose,if they haven't already.
@_date: 2014-07-07 05:19:12


Actually, the US insurance industry is protected even more than our banks.  
Matt Taibbi does a good job summarizing it in his book "Griftopia" if anyone is interested in learning some of the ugly details.  I used to work in the legal end of the industry and he got it right.  I'm still amazed that both industries aren't in the midst of an overhaul.  I'm very excited that Bitcoin may give us an alternative option that removes incentive to cheat and prohibits socializing losses.
@_date: 2014-05-31 06:02:15
2016 may be mass adoption, but mass adoption also requires price stability, meaning that btc will no longer be an exciting investment.  It will be about as fun as buying dollars as an investment and waiting for them to appreciate (well, not that bad because it is deflationary and will have a better prospect of gaining value - but don't forget that deflationary investments can still undergo major swings (gold)).
eta:  That is also a very Western take on btc adoption.  I think the most exciting advances will take place in developing countries and international commerce.  They have much more of an immediate use for btc than Americans, for whom it's an investment and fun new technology.
@_date: 2014-07-09 02:49:40
I've thought the same thing.  I always double-space as well - it's habit and the way I was taught.  I assumed it was a geek/coder thing and that those people didn't double-space for coding reasons.  Anyone with a liberal-arts background will double-space, so it would be really weird for a journalist to make a point of that.
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:44:09
I don't understand why 3 parties can't agree upon a source code and then find a way to ensure that the exact copy which was agreed upon is the one that is implemented.
There has to be a way to lock the source code after agreement so that no changes can be made by anybody without consensus approval.  For the same reason, you should be able to lock the source code and only allow updates that are agreed upon by pertinent parties.  This can't be that difficult.
If for some reason it is, you could easily audit the implemented code against the agreed-upon code, just by looking at the code side-by-side and look for disparities.  If someone like me, with no programming experience, can do this with word documents (I often compare contracts for disparities), then I'm certain that some top-of-the-line programmers can figure it out.
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:28:23
It won't be difficult at all.  Coinbase and the exchanges I've seen, provide all sorts of documentation and you can choose the parameters.
All you will need to do is hit print and attach it to your return and if the IRS wants to spend hours trying to audit Bitcoin returns, let 'em.  I may just print out the full blockchain for each of the dozens upon dozens of transactions I've made.  
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:35:03
They are private, as in every other privately-owned company in the US.  Lots of private companies have government contracts that amount to monopolies.  You don't even need a monopoly to be too big to fail.
Not sure what you are trying to say here.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:03:23


If you've kept up on the news about the private prison system in the United States, you would know the opposite is true.  [Privatization has created the highest incarceration rate in the world:](
*"What has happened over the last 10 years? Why are there so many prisoners?*
*â€œThe private contracting of prisoners for work fosters incentives to lock people up. Prisons depend on this income. Corporate stockholders who make money off prisonersâ€™ work lobby for longer sentences, in order to expand their workforce:* 
*The prison industry complex is one of the fastest-growing industries in the United States and its investors are on Wall Street. â€œThis multimillion-dollar industry has its own trade exhibitions, conventions, websites, and mail-order/Internet catalogs. It also has direct advertising campaigns, architecture companies, construction companies, investment houses on Wall Street, plumbing supply companies, food supply companies, armed security, and padded cells in a large variety of colors.â€*
See also: 
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:32:03
From a merchant's perspective, Bitcoin is (a) a lot better because fees are lower and there are no risk of charge-backs.  
As for (b), the customers are starting to demand it. The stats show that Bitcoin is growing rapidly and as more people own Bitcoin, the demand will continue to increase.  
I am keeping my eye on cities with lots of international tourists - I see this as a market where Bitcoin is immediately beneficial to consumers.  Think of the convenience of traveling to multiple countries without ever worrying about currency exchange rates or cash advance fees or foreign transaction fees from your credit card company.
If American Express could convince remote locations all over the world to accept traveler's cheques for the past 100 years, Bitcoin is certainly a much easier sell.
@_date: 2014-01-20 03:12:46
What, is Farmville a little rich for your blood?
@_date: 2014-12-18 03:38:19
I hope not.  If so, I hope someone else does this legitimately asap.  
There should be a huge market for this.  It's such a no-brainer that I'm surprised it hasn't happened yet.  There are already a ton of money transfer businesses that send money back to Mexico at a hefty percentage.  Bitcoin could undercut those businesses significantly.
@_date: 2014-06-22 04:56:07
[The FEC has approved Bitcoin donations to election campaigns.](
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:12:39
Here is what the IRS has to say: 
Seems like the biggest question for them is whether your income originated in the US.  In that case, it may be in your best interest to avoid US-based exchanges.  You'd have a better case arguing that your Bitcoin gains had nothing to do with income-generating activity in the US.
@_date: 2014-05-27 09:41:49


You'll need to devise a way to never see the price of bitcoin again, so that you can forever think of it as $500.
@_date: 2014-01-20 03:09:46
I didn't realize that digg is still a thing.
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:13:10
The *recent* reports on Bitcoin from India have been varied and the government doesn't seem to be helping.
Therefore, I'm not sure that we should find much encouragement from a 4 year-old article about paypal.
@_date: 2014-06-20 09:59:53
Yes! Very much so.  I spend most of my time in (and check in here often, too) and I'm certain it would be appreciated there. I'm sure this sub would like it, too.
In we try to make sense of the different markets and exchanges involved in Bitcoin and China has been a huge mystery the past 7-8 months.  It appears to be driving at least 50% of the global market, but every 6 weeks, we hear of a new way the government is going to outlaw Bitcoin, which then impacts the price.  In the West, we've had a difficult time figuring out China's next move and if you could provide any insight as to what is true and what is just rumor, you would have many happy readers.
Please give us your insight.
@_date: 2014-10-29 08:34:40
Welcome to I'm sure you'll find interesting information here, and you'll also find that many agree with your 5-year old recycled argument.
@_date: 2014-06-22 08:28:15


1) Yes.  The US patent office routinely grants patent protection for algorithms.  One of the major early cases concerned Adobe's successful patent of the algorithm for .pdf files.  This was in the early days and the courts have since struggled with the difference between math as a universal truth, incapable of being "owned"; and patentable intellectual property.  [Many countries have struggled with this issue in the internet age, which Wikipedia summarizes nicely](  
2) Yes.  U.S. courts have ruled that people must give up their passwords when ordered to do so.  If they refuse, they will be subject to contempt of court.  Depending on how badly the judge wants your files, the penalty for Contempt of Court can range from a small fine to indefinite imprisonment, with release conditioned upon revealing the password.
This is also an area of law with a lot of conflicting decisions between the different court districts.  Some courts have ruled that there is no right to keep your computer files secret and/or no reasonable expectation of privacy. (Both of these arguments are ludicrous, but have managed to convince some older judges who do not understand computers.)
The modern trend is moving toward more privacy for computer passwords under the theory that forcing someone to give up their password is a violation of the 5th Amendment protection from self-incrimination.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:05:32
These proposals will be options.  It doesn't have to be all or nothing.
Some people are going to want to keep some or all of their BTC activity as anonymous as possible and the system will continue to allow it.  Other people are going to want certain assurances for some of their purchases and there will be ways to add on those features if you choose.
There does not need to be a mandatory FDIC, but there will be a market for wallet insurance that some people will choose to pay a few satoshis to obtain.  Same with third party escrow - you don't have to use it, but there can still be a market for it.
Bitcoin is a protocol that can be built *upon*.   The basic functions will always be there, so new options don't render it pointless, they just expand the ways that bitcoin can be used.   There will always be anonymous BTC transactions on Tor through PGP - that doesn't mean there can't also be insured online banking and escrowed purchases as well.
@_date: 2014-03-17 09:16:12
Even if there is no change in security features, there is already an immediate benefit for merchants to prefer Bitcoin.
If a small merchant is looking ahead to 2015, he sees that he is already paying 3% per credit card transaction, plus whatever they pay to rent the POS machines.  Up until now, chargebacks were paid by the credit card or issuing bank.
But, in 2015, he is going to have to pay more money to replace the old machines with new ones that accept the chip and pin cards.  I promise you this will cost more than before (like upgrading from a cable box to a dvr).
If merchant doesn't spend/can't afford the extra money for new machines, now the merchant is on the hook for all of the chargebacks.  No matter how great of a business merchant runs, people are fucking crazy, cheap and greedy and he *will* get chargebacks.
Bitcoin has no fees (unless you choose, such as for instant fiat conversion), no rental or purchase charges for machines and no chargebacks.  
If the customers want it, I don't understand why any merchant wouldn't.
@_date: 2014-12-06 00:24:38
No, what is out of the question is a 10 yr-old using words like: "technological," "pseudonymous," and "decentralized." 
If it was real, he should have failed for copying a wikipedia page. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:38:37
Looks like KnC is in Sweden, and I'm guessing from your handle that you are in Boston.  Too bad.
You could definitely sue them if they were in the U.S. and they could probably be subject to criminal charges as well.  Sweden may have similar laws which would allow you to sue them there; and there is also a slim chance that you could sue them in a US court.  
But, the fact that they are an ocean away brings up logistical difficulties which would easily triple the cost of your suit.  Unfortunately, it would probably cost more to sue them than you would ever win.
As a community, we need to put together some type of review list so that we have a resource to weed out the scammers.  It seems like there are complaints from miner purchasers at least twice a month about manufacturers delaying orders, or "quality testing" the miners for 5 months while they churn bitcoin before shipping them out to customers.
@_date: 2014-06-20 08:43:49
Don't wait on a documentary - It'd be great if you could interpret for us what the hell is going on with Bitcoin in China right now.
@_date: 2014-06-10 07:43:50
Historically, yes they did mostly shorting, which regular mutual funds can't do.  Now, they use any investment strategy they want. They are typically very aggressive and pursue short(er)-term gains and are available primarily to accredited investors who meet a number of income requirements.
@_date: 2014-06-21 06:46:10
Great!  I've had so many questions about China in the past 6 months.  I bet you will have lots to answer.
I'd do it myself, but I'm not sure how - but it would be great if there was a way to put an announcement in all the BTC subs . . . 
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:03:46
Mine goes to 11
@_date: 2014-03-17 08:55:07
Amazon kept emailing me ads.  I got tired of it, so I unsubscribed and they had a box so that I could explain why I no longer wanted their emails.
I wrote that I was personally boycotting Amazon until they accepted Bitcoin as payment.  I told them I was encouraging friends and family to do the same.  Threw in a few sentences about the benefit Bitcoin brings to both merchant and consumer, and that they are wasting their time if they are developing a competing system.
I was surprised that they responded with an invitation for me to submit a business plan.  I'm sure it's very common and another way to get people off their backs.  Here is the text of the email:
"*Hello,* 
*I understand you'd like to use Bitcoin as a payment method on our website; however we don't accept Bitpoint as a payment method on our website at this time.* 
*We accept credit cards, debit cards, payment from U.S. checking accounts, Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Payments Stored Balance, and the Amazon.com Store Card. Here are the credit cards we accept:* 
*-- American Express 
-- Diner's Club (U.S. billing addresses only) 
-- Discover 
-- MasterCard 
-- Visa, Visa Electron, and Visa Check Cards 
-- Eurocard 
-- JCB 
-- NYCE 
-- STAR 
-- China UnionPay (credit card only)* 
*You can learn more about these payment methods on our Help pages:* 
 
*If you'd prefer to pay with cash, you can buy Amazon.com Gift Card claim codes from authorized resellers at a store near you. Learn more at:* 
 
*However, we'd like to hear more about your proposal. Please visit the link below to read our statement of company procedures and submit your business proposal:* 
 
*Our strategic alliance department will evaluate your proposal, and someone will contact you if we determine that we would like to discuss this opportunity further.*
*We look forward to seeing you again soon.*
*Best regards,
Mark Q.*"
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:46:14
I was commenting from the viewpoint of the ATM owners and the increased costs of the outdated ATM network passed to consumers.  I didn't make a single comment about this having anything to do with better security, nor did the linked article, if you took the time to read it.  Sorry you have trouble with reading comprehension.  
95% of our ATMs need to be overhauled in April; and 100% again in 2015.  This will continue to be a problem and additional expense for ATMs and debit cards - which, of course, will result in raising fees on the consumer again.
Not for BTC, though.  I'm surprised you can't see the big picture.
You sound a little cranky.  I hope the rest of your day goes better.
@_date: 2014-06-24 05:29:58
Sorry, I think you misunderstood my post and my apologies if I didn't explain clearly enough.
As for the "community" comment, I was referring to I thought it would be nice to have a sticky or perma-link on the right with the rest of the links, as a place where we could review vendors.
As for consumer law, I am quite confident in my knowledge of the subject, but I question yours - all caps usually means "I have no idea what I'm talking about, so I'll yell in hopes of scaring him away."  The first issue to address is the trade agreements between the countries.  As far as your analysis, I wouldn't quit your day job. The US has trade agreements with the EU and other countries on an individual basis.
These agreements determine the appropriate forum, as well as the appropriate law to be applied (not always the same). In the US, we have the Universal Commercial Code (UCC) which would apply if US law was controlling.  If Swedish law controls, we would apply their version of the UCC.  (Just because a manufacturer is based in Sweden does not mean that it cannot be sued in US courts.  The analysis is very detailed and fact-specific and too much to reproduce here, so if you are interested google what you can or go to law school.)  Given the EU's historical stance on consumer protection, it is a safe bet that the purchaser will have greater chance of recourse than under US law.
There are remedies for foreign transactions like these.  Just because a company writes "non-refundable" or "no recourse" does not mean that language is controlling.  If promises were made or implied (under a reasonableness standard) that particular contract language could have no effect and leave the manufacturer open to a lawsuit.
This may make more sense to you if we aren't focusing on a minor transaction (&lt;$100K) for miners.  To put it in better perspective, think along the lines of orders for container ships, military jets/ships/tanks, or an oil tanker.  Do you really think that a company can back out of a deal because they wrote "non-refundable" somewhere on the contract?
Don't believe everything you read, Bro.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:13:45
Thank you for the explanation.
I read your post as implying that the payment code suggested ("affiliate payment") would be the wrong code and, thus, fraudulent.  What code should it be?
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:43:09
Circle is the service you are looking for - when they open up, their accounts will be insured for free.  Circle is not self-insured.  They have a private insurance company taking the role of the FDIC.  
I'm hoping they open up soon.  Coinbase has been great, but unless they can offer free trades and free insurance, Circle is going to take a lot of the new business.  The insurance factor is a huge benefit for people with limited computer skills and will help spread bitcoin to new demographics.
@_date: 2014-01-11 04:07:27
I've never looked into the rules about mining, so I'm not familiar with the amount of top-down control the Bitcoin Foundation or the mining co-ops have . . . Can someone explain how they reduced their market-share so quickly?
@_date: 2014-03-22 12:32:46
The fact that they are investing in infrastructure, rather than just speculatively buying BTC, is evidence that they are in for the long haul.  
@_date: 2014-01-16 07:58:44
Coinbase has a great new security feature: an IP whitelist.
You can set your home IP address as the only IP address from which your account can buy/sell Bitcoin.
If you are hacked, the hacker would practically need to be in your house to scam you. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 07:11:37
Mine is like that too. No idea why
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:30:36
Lots and lots of regulation.  There is a reason they are in only 2 states - they are illegal everywhere else.  The ATM manufacturers are based in the US, but they can't hardly sell any here, because nobody allows them.
You will need to do a TON of paperwork and a very thorough background check just to get started.  Then, you need to lobby your legislature to amend laws (and give them an incentive to approve this "risky" type of new money/transaction/commodity/currency/store of value/stock that they know nothing about) to make Bitcoin legal.  Don't forget that the banking lobby is one of the strongest and they obviously oppose Bitcoin.  Unfortunately, the bankers' lobbyists have had the ear of the politicians for decades - why change everything for Bitcoin, which they don't understand?
It is a huge uphill battle.  The ATMs have been ready to go for 2 years, but nobody has been able to change state law yet.
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:04:28
The gum thing was just an example of the authoritarian nature of Singaporean government.  The laws are still there, so I don't really care if you can sneak a few packs in (which you may have read in my first post about bringing in more gum than for just personal use).  Gum was not the point of my post, it was just an example supporting my point, which apparently makes some people bat-shit crazy when you mention gum and Singapore.
Nice try inserting the "[6]" in my quote so that your comment about wikipedia looked legit.  That quote came from Business Insider and I only once quoted wiki in that post (on the vandal case).  I didn't have a ton of sympathy for the kid at the time either, but the story was major international news at the time because most of the world thought it was excessive for the crime.
And ~~that's~~ thanks for bringing up the point about the strict drug laws, another example of authoritarianism.  I could go on all day with more examples; like cars, since you pretty much need to be a millionaire to afford one with the insanely high taxes and plating fees there.  TV and radio censorship - at least they allow the internet - after a whole lot of debate as to whether the gov't. should let the people be exposed to fre speech.  Not to mention Singapore is repeatedly criticized for human rights violations and mandatory death penalty for certain crimes.  
If you don't like the sources in my post, feel free to spend some time on State Department, Amnesty International or the CIAs websites and you'll find plenty more reasons why and how Singapore is authoritarian. 
I actually have high hopes for Singapore vis-a-vis Bitcoin.  They may be authoritarian when it comes to social issues, but they have one of the freest markets in the world and I've already made at least 6 posts here and in predicting that Singapore is going to be one of the strongest early adopters, and despite a small population, they have the potential to spread BTC worldwide.  
The gist of my theory has been that Singapore's main industry is international shipping and they have one of the world's most active ports.  Imagine the 1000s of containers that fit on the massive container ships and the fact that those containers are full of products being shipped all over the globe.  Bitcoin is the perfect payment solution for container ships because they can instantly transfer money and use a currency that can be accepted the world over at every stop it makes.
Edited typo: ~~that's~~ thanks
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:40:10
Can you explain to those of us that don't know about payment codes?
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:14:14
Yes - we need to find a way to advertise it to our migrant workers and in the Mexican neighborhoods.  They are a hardworking community and send a ton of money back home to family in Mexico.
It shouldn't be too difficult; most already have phones.  IIRC Western Union, Paypal and other transfer services charge over 10% once the fees and currency conversion add up.
All they need is services or ATMs in Mexico to convert btc to pesos and that would be the only fee paid (beside nominal miner fees).
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:13:24
I'm thinking about doing something someday, too.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:36:25
A year ago, 1 Bitcoin cost about $70.  Today it is $600.
Tell me again how the positive predictions were terrible.  
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:23:42
Awesome . . . Merry Christmas, Friend!
I look forward to passing these on to uninitiated Redditors. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 04:53:12
Email Coinbase and Bitpay and let them both give you their pitch and make you an offer (if your candidate is high-profile - it will benefit them as well).  IIRC, Coinbase offers free services for non-profits (not sure if your org would qualify - but worth looking into.)
Both companies offer merchant services that will convert the BTC donations to cash.  Both have decent reputations and both are in the U.S.
@_date: 2014-01-08 09:55:51
In other news, India is back.  They've got a billion people, so we'll just call it a wash . . . 
@_date: 2014-01-14 07:32:47
This is beyond my tech knowledge, but that Brazil thing sounds sketchy.  Do you have any other Bitcoin apps on your phone like a ticker? Have you been visiting shoddy BTC websites on your cpu, like gambling/dice/faucet sites?
I'd send an email to Coinbase tech support and ask if they know what is up.  Good luck!
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:06:04
When you click on "sign up now," Firefox shows this message:
*This Connection is Untrusted*
*You have asked Firefox to connect securely to fairlay.com, but we can't confirm that your connection is secure.*
*Normally, when you try to connect securely, sites will present trusted identification to prove that you are going to the right place. However, this site's identity can't be verified.*
*What Should I Do?*
*If you usually connect to this site without problems, this error could mean that someone is trying to impersonate the site, and you shouldn't continue.*
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:59:29


I agree with most of your thoughts on this issue and I'm curious what you think about this dilemma, because it has been frustrating me to come up with my opinion on the issue:
If people would die instantly from alcohol, it wouldn't be so much a problem, but most of the time, they don't.  They eventually find their way to an emergency room when someone calls an ambulance because they are passed out in the street.  Turns out the guy has severe cirrhosis of the liver and a failing pancreas.
Both are life threatening and both lead to a slow, painful death.  Because the patients vital organs are failing, the hospital can't kick him out, they must continue to give life-saving care.  So he gets a hospital bed to sit in and be waited on for 9 months until the pancreas finally gives out and he dies after racking up a $2 million bill (for those of you not in the U.S., yes, I really did mean $2 *million*) which is passed down and paid for by taxpayers.
I hate our system of employment-based healthcare - it makes zero sense.  Yet, even if we had fully nationalized healthcare, this problem would still exist (though, he may have had the option for earlier care and avoided the situation outlined above).  I just don't know how to handle this situation.  Same goes for 400 lb eaters that give themselves diabetes, or needle sharers that get AIDS or Hep C, or even smokers that give themselves emphysema.
How much should the rest of us pay for people who give themselves life-long and life-ending conditions due to their freedom to do what they want with their body?
I know some people would just prefer to boot them out of the ER asap so that they can be scraped off the street a few days later when they die due to lack of care.  I don't think that will ever be an acceptable, viable answer.
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:44:44
And destroy the fungibility of Bitcoin?  No thanks.
I don't even like the idea of colored coins, especially if blacklist is one of the colors.
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:18:04
Coinbase also gave every non-merchant user a customizable payment address this week that is designed to be given out to the public.
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:07:58
How many years do you need to be on Reddit to post a potential scam that might be ripping off the community?
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:19:14
Not everyone is honest with a pile of cash at closing at the end of each day.  Bar owners have similar temptation.  
You can still cheat taxes when using cash without any paper trail.  The same is not true with the blockchain, which keeps a record of everything*.  So, there will still be an incentive to do cash business.
*I'm aware of TOR and anonymizing, but a supposedly "legit" business would have a lot of explaining to do when audited and wouldn't get away with it through deception. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 06:28:17
Please do!  This thread is getting a litttle old and I'd hate to see your AMA buried in it where very few people would see it.
Please choose a date and time, so that we can be ready for it.  i think you will find a lot of interest and a lot of questions for you.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:24:14
Does it follow then, that miners are entitled to business expense deduction for electricity, hardware, internet connection, etc.?
@_date: 2014-06-10 05:09:20
Must be the Ticketmaster fee . . .
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:11:47
Sections 3.1 and 3.6 confirm the statements in my post.
Is that why you posted Circle's TOS, or was there anything else you had in mind?
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:39:31
Or, consider hiring me.  I don't know how to program, but I'm a great "Idea Man".  Every office needs one of those and I'm the best.  I'd be happy to meet you by the coffee maker and tell you how things should be done.
Disclosure: I am related to me.
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:54:28
I agree.  I'd even go a step further and create an incredibly complex/safe method of waiving it all together and access it instantly.  
It's a great security idea, but Bitcoin moves too fast for it.  If you try to open your vault on a Thursday, you won't see your funds until Monday - waaaayyyy too long.
I would even pay $25 per request (or something similar) to fund a hotline where you could get a Coinbase employee to call you to verify the waiver of the 48-hour rule and do additional vetting. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 08:13:02
Great point.  And, it will take them about two days to learn that they can send that money to each other through their phones.
@_date: 2015-05-18 08:52:10
Like the "altruistic" multi-billionaires who hold the exact same power today, yet the sun will rise tomorrow and you don't have to worry about one of them blowing it up with their "Billionaire Maltruism"?
  
@_date: 2014-05-15 18:21:37
What happens when the event is over and the color coins are no longer needed?
Can they be re-converted to a normal coin?  Must all colored coins be redeemed to complete the conversion?  If so, can an expiration date be set on the colored coins that will auto-re-convert after a certain date?
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:14:16


Exactly. This is a huge value to merchants.  If a merchant takes payment from a debit or credit card, there are many ways for the customer to back out weeks later with just a phone call.  It takes a while for a transaction to be truly 'final'.
With BTC, the merchant knows within 10 minutes that the proceeds of his sale are 100% his and not subject to later dealings with some bank or Visa.
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:03:36
Huge difference in $ amount lost.  Thanks to the first SR bust, the FBI now possesses the second-largest wallet in the blockchain:  144,341 BTC.
Pretty sure that that $82,500,000 won't be repaid any time soon.
@_date: 2014-06-24 21:30:48
"Loss of profit" is actually one of the primary remedies for breach of contract.  I'd have to see the contract, or KnC's purchase terms, to know if it would apply.  However, everybody in the BTC mining world knows that "time is of the essence" (fancy legal words for:  If you don't deliver on time, I am going to lose a lot of money because I have about a 6 month window to mine coins before this machine is obsolete).  
My Dad worked on military contracts after he retired from the AF in early '90s, and that area is pretty much its own subset.  The military has a tendency to spend like drunken sailors because money isn't their primary concern (thanks House of Reps!) - getting the battleship or jet is, and they give their contractors a lot of leeway because they'd rather pay more to the contractor who is 75% done on the project, than to start all over again from scratch with a new contractor.  Also, the military has a mess of qualifications for contractors (like the number of minority employees they hire), which is another barrier to firing a contractor and starting over. (That's why there is approx. only 15 major contractors that get most of the business.  Northrup, Lockheed, Boeing, etc).
There is also a chance that there was no contract, but given what I've seen so far, my money would bet on the judge deciding that there was a contract (this is a matter of law, so it would be determined by the judge.  Matters of fact are decided by juries), especially if the judge is Swedish.  Oral contracts are enforceable in most instances, but for a sale of goods over $500, it must be in writing, pursuant to the statute of frauds.
However, even if there was no contract, KnC could still be sued under the theory of the *Implied Warranty of Merchantability* (IWM).  The IWM states that when a merchant puts a product up for sale, the product must meet expected standards and perform the function for which it was bought.  
For example, you buy some Blu-ray movies, but it turns out they were exposed to extreme heat during shipment and warped. Your Blu-ray player can't play them.  You are entitled to a refund because you didn't pay for a fancy box with a warped disc - you bought a movie and the IWM protects you when it does not work. No contract is necessary, this warranty is implied.  Put another way: merchants can't advertise or say good things about a product, then sell crap instead.  Especially in cases like these where KnC provided detailed info about their product's capability, expected shipping dates, and a refund policy that they are not honoring.
Back to KnC:  If you have enough to prove a contract, you're in good shape and can get all the available breach of contract remedies such as lost profits, liquidated damages, specific performance, rescission, and restitution.
However, if the court finds that there wasn't a contract, the purchasers of KnC miners may still sue KnC under the IWM.  KnC advertised specific performance capabilities (beyond mere "puffery" for any other lawyers reading this).    
KnC made many promises that they did not honor.  Looking at the pictures OP posted, it looks like they have a solid argument that KnC breached the IWM.  
Edit to fix grammar: "~~So~~/however"
Stupid disclaimer:  I am not providing legal advice, just a very basic summary of the law in the U.S.  No attorney-client relationship will result for those reading this post.  If you have legal questions, please contact an attorney in your jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:00:56
Can't Coinbase require that any changes be pre-approved?  Maybe they had the foresight to approve changes and not let every developer go in and make any change at any time they want?
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:24:55
going to to complain that not enough people are talking about dogecoin is like going to and complaining that there is not enough discussion about basketball
@_date: 2014-12-11 11:35:00
How long until there is a local news story about the "growing problem of bitcoin in the classroom"?
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:46:05
You seem very stuck on where Bitcoin was a month ago, rather than where it will be a year (or 2 or 3) from now.  
Sure, EFTPOS is the market leader - it is the best there has been so far.  EFTPOS has also been doing this for 30+ years and you are trying to compare it to Bitcoin as if Bitcoin has the same footing and opportunity in the market.  
Bitcoin is a competitive option that will become more competitive as its adoption rates continue to increase.  Bitcoin is still in the investment and adoption phase and it has not come anywhere close to fully achieving its role as a day-to-day payment option.
@_date: 2014-06-07 19:56:51
First of all, just because something is written in a contract, does not mean that it is legal or enforceable.
For example, you cannot waive your right to recover for negligence.  Despite this being a fact in all 50 states, every contract you see has a clause attempting to get the customer to waive their rights to recover for negligent harm.  Next time you see something with fine print like  a parking garage receipt, tickets to an event, brochures, etc., you will see language to that effect, even though the drafter of the contract knows it is not enforceable.  Why?  Some people read the fine print and fail to pursue the matter because they think they can't because of what was put in writing.
The part you quoted looked like part of a generic disclaimer clause.  However, you cherry-picked one sentence out of a section of the contract concerning account validation and misconduct.  When you go to the contract, you can see that that sentence is surrounded by specific conditions and, taken as a whole, should give you much less concern that 2.4 is a nefarious escape clause.
Also, providing an exchange, wallets and insurance are material terms of the contract Circle drafted.  When provisions within a contract contradict themselves, you don't throw the entire contract away.  If Circle closed its customers' accounts without cause, a court would look to the intent of the contract and find that Circle was trying to use Section 2.4 to avoid performing their end of the contract.  
Furthermore, when contracts are ambiguous, the ambiguity is decided in the favor of the party that **did not** write the contract, especially in situations such as these, where a sophisticated business has lawyers draft up a single contract and then forces that contract on all of its customers, who are not given an opportunity to negotiate the terms.  
In fact, 2.4 sounded like a very typical clause, so I went to Circle's closest competitor and most similar business, Coinbase, to check out their rules.  Lo and Behold! Coinbase has a section in their TOS which states:


They must use the same lawyer.  I bet if you took the time and went through the TOS's of other bitcoin wallets and exchanges that you would find similar language in all of them.  I don't think it is anything to worry about, but if *you* do, you probably need to close some accounts.
Bitcoin has gone through some difficult but necessary weeding out of companies that were not trustworthy or professional enough to handle financial transactions.  I hope we are through that stage, but there may be more work to be done (btc-e, a few Chinese exchanges, etc.).  
I think (hope) that Circle is part of the new breed of professional Bitcoin businesses and will turn out to be very trustworthy.  Since the insurance on Circle's accounts is underwritten by an independent insurance company, you can be sure that Circle will be required to submit to frequent, thorough audits so that the ins. co. can ensure that they are not insuring more than they thought.  
There is nothing in their TOS that should scare away customers, though.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:12:04
Ripple went from an $800 million market cap in December to $200,000,000 today.  If it's not dead, it's on its way.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:38:19


Ripple's XRP gave rise to the colored coin concept.
What about privacy features?  What feature do consumers/owners "need" that is provided by an altcoin and also cannot be implemented in Bitcoin's blockchain?  Is there enough of this need to support a competing system? 
@_date: 2014-07-07 05:46:42
Try his first appearance:  
They spend a lot more time discussing the basics of Bitcoin and it is a much more informative show.  This show convinced my parents to buy their first BTC.  Also not as crass as 
@_date: 2014-06-05 05:21:55
For those in OP's camp I agree Coinbase is your best storage option.  
But, I'm more excited about Circle going live.  It's where I'll put my parents bitcoin.  If they live up to their promises, they will have no trade fees, but most importantly, the first wallet service to provide FDIC-like insurance on their accounts.  If they lose your money or get hacked, they (and you) are insured.  Zero risk is coming soon.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:37:51
Hi the best way to learn is to start tipping your friends and using them.  Have $2 on me to get started.
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:29:28
I think you (and a lot of others in this thread) did not read this part of my post:  "if you are caught with an amount that looks like **more than personal use** at customs, you'll spend some time in jail until they deport you for smuggling."
@_date: 2014-03-08 07:28:30
I don't know about this.  Never thought I'd disagree with OP, but I have the benefit of hindsight in posting much later.
I don't think he is Satoshi, and this guy claimed that he had prior involvement (affirmed by the two police officers who were with the reporter).  So if he wanted a shot at 15 minutes of fame with a wink and a nod - he is getting what he asked for and I don't want to send a person like that any money.
On the other hand, if it is Satoshi, what is the point of sending him my money?  That's like throwing a penny in an olympic-sized pool full of $100s.   He obviously chose to out himself by talking to a reporter rather than shooing her away without comment - the cops were there to protect him, even! 
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:38:24
I guess when you are trying to prove that you are just another ignorant, gum-chewing American, there really isn't much difference.  Except, you forgot Slovakia - it starts with an "S" too.
@_date: 2014-06-01 07:14:16
You are making quite an assumption between your first and second questions.  He never mentions any god.  
"Swearing" doesn't necessarily have a religious connotation.  It has long been a civil/legal term for the process of making an oath of office or promise of truthfulness in testimony.
At certain times in some cultures, a bible was used to swear upon.  The US stopped doing that about 50 years ago, so it is a very antiquated assumption for you to make.
@_date: 2014-01-01 07:04:00
I bet you're right.  Probably one of the reasons for multiple bank accounts.  My prediction:  OP's default judgment isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Welcome to the inefficient crapshoot of civil litigation, where your victory is only meaningful if your hand can find a way into a deep pocket.  Sometimes (usually when your defendant doesn't have insurance) it's easier for them to frustrate the system than to stand up and fight a lawsuit.  If bankrupting the corporation is inevitable, everyone will just take their money and run as the lawsuits mount up and the judgments go uncollected. 
OP's next experience with the courts may be as a claimant in bankruptcy court.
@_date: 2015-05-18 04:55:34


However you want to word it: *Altcoins are not different enough than Bitcoin to matter.*  And, any moment they have been different enough, Bitcoin has shown that it is able to adapt immediately and absorb deserving competition by incorporating it into the Bitcoin blockchain.
Bitcoin is the only blockchain with all essential features that is capable of global use.  Altcoins seeking broad appeal will die out.  Altcoins smart enough to survive will need to narrow their scope even further and market themselves as internal or back-of-the-house solutions.  
This week, USAA made headlines by forming a taskforce to come up with ways to develop their own internal blockchain.  For large banks and multi-service companies like USAA, internal blockchains make perfect sense due to the amount of their recordkeeping.  (They can reap the benefit of a blockchain without being subject to the necessary costs and volatility of the global Bitcoin market.)  
Once money, assets and documents need to be transferred out of USAA, though, they will need to utilize a universal blockchain to communicate with the rest of the world.  Nobody can compete with Bitcoin in providing this global service.
@_date: 2014-06-28 13:01:07
I love Reddit.  You can always count on the meanest, rudest post to be the most incorrect.  If you have an ounce of class, you would apologize for being and incredibly stupid dick.  I'll google it for you since you were too stupid to do it yourself:














As for being authoritarian, it's clear you don't know much about Singapore.  Banning gum is authoritarian in itself and they have a lot of similar regulations.  For example, there is no free speech and the government censors the press and porn is prohibited.
You're probably too young or too stupid to remember the case of the [American teenager who was was caught vandalizing cars]( and sentenced to 4 months in jail, a $3500 fine and a good old fashioned caning.  His vandalism didn't permanently damage any of the cars, but his caning scars are permanent.
As for your statement on foreigners, [the punishment for smuggling gum into the country is a year in jail and a $5,500 fine.](  So how do these foreigners chew gum if they can't bring it into the country, nor buy it in the country?  (Yes, I know you can be prescribed gum, like nicotine gum.)
I hope the rest of your week goes this well, because your post was one of the biggest fuck-ups I've seen in a long time.   And the fact that you were such a confident, belittling prick made it that much more fun.
@_date: 2014-06-20 14:03:16
I don't understand why there cannot be an official copy secured and locked from alteration.  I'm over my head here, but I don't understand why this can be done with paper, yet a more powerfull system with built in means of encryption and security can't handle such a simple task.
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:04:41
You should try reading those trials on SSRIs nd SNRIs (or at least the criteria for their approval by the FDA)  You'll find the standard of efficacy is extremely low (under 50%) which allows drug companies to push out a new SSRI or SNRI every year.
I'm allergic to SSRIs and SNRIs and it is extremely frustrating to see the limited class of drugs approved for depression/anxiety.  (I don't handle tricyclics or tetracyclics very well, either.  Yet, other (non-approved) medications have worked very well for me when I'm able to get them off-label.  It takes the right physician who has had enough of the insurance/pharmacuetical industry's games and starts doing what's right for patients over the profit desire of the industry they can't avoid.
ETA:  


Users are "dependent" and not "addicted" unless they are using the drug differently than prescribed.  In the same sense, antidepressants also make patients dependent because they must take the drugs daily and can't immediately stop due to their brain's dependence on the anti depressants.  This is why anti-depressants can take a long time to taper off to avoid withdrawal, once it is decided you no longer need them.
@_date: 2015-05-18 08:48:29
Welcome to Capitalism.  Wealth has nothing to do with talent or hard work - being there first is much more important.
Gold rushes, oil rushes, homesteaders . . . the U.S. was built on people rushing to be the first to grab a resource and hoard it.  The next rush is to provide services - who could build the first railroad or telegraph station in some remote location with new-found wealth to sell services to people who now have wealth.  
The rest lost out and are suckers-come-lately.  Bitcoin and internet access is working the same way.
@_date: 2014-02-16 01:27:31
That title is accurate.  Don't you know the blockchain has unlimited uses, one of which is FIGHTING CRIME!
Do not doubt the blockchain.  In fact, tomorrow it will announce the cure for cancer that one of its "glitches" has been working on.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:08:35
I've always used Cox and my experience spans 2 states in the southwest. I've never heard of a dynamic IP!
@_date: 2015-01-04 08:34:20
Look, a novelty account who sits on new posts just so he can be the first to shit on Bitcoin.  How original.   
You obviously have no clue about the Cyprus effect if you need to resort to ad hom in your first post.
@_date: 2015-05-18 17:57:57
First, I didn't limit my comment to "things that have been ported;" my point is that Bitcoin has been able to provide the services that altcoins have touted as their differentiating factor, rendering altcoins largely irrelevant.  
Colored coins and sidechain projects are examples of how bitcoin can successfully incorporate altcoin ideas/features.
The primary distinguishing feature of altcoins have been alternative mining practices and memes, neither of which have been important enough to persuade people that Bitcoin is not the best crypto option.  
What necessary function can an altcoin provide that Bitcoin cannot provide itself?  That is the only question that matters and altcoins have not been able to demonstrate sufficient need to justify their existence.  Follow the VC money . . . the people who are experts at this are pouring money into Bitcoin and the tiny amount that was going to altcoins is drying up.   
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:16:16
I would love to live to 400 years old (or 2000+).  But what happens if we all do?   We already have over-population problems in certain areas of the world. 
Tell me how you chose who gets to live this long.
I see a lot of people who want humans to live forever, but I don't see this inevitable dilemma discussed much.  Will birthrate control (like the Chinese are doing now) be enough?  Probably not, when you are talking about living hundreds of years.  How will you make the cut?
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:30:34
This is a poor attempt at copying.  Hokusai's original is much better:  
@_date: 2015-01-04 08:38:10
How did the Cypriots access it two years ago, then?
@_date: 2014-12-14 06:53:27
Back when you could mine on a single laptop and still turn a profit . . .
@_date: 2015-01-28 00:11:55
Also, if you think that banks put your money in their vaults because it is a secure and convenient way to store your money, you are naively mistaken,
You'd be lucky if a bank had 10% of your money in its vault.  In reality, your money has already been loaned to someone else under very shaky fractional reserve accounting practices.
Never deposit more money into a bank than is insured by the FDIC.  And, hope that the FDIC has enough to cover a bank run - which it most likely does not.
@_date: 2015-01-04 09:41:46
I don't know the NBA rules on this, but the leagues are private organizations and can make rules about the details of ownership.
For example, many NFL/AFL teams had stock ownership, but the league banned them about 30 or 40 years ago after many lawsuits and appeals.  The last two teams with stockholders were the New England Patriots and the Green Bay Packers.
The court ruled that the league had the authority to make and enforce rules as to what type of organizations could be members.  So, the NFL eliminated stock ownership a while ago.
There are still some Green Bay Packers stock certificates around, but they are pretty much a novelty item due to the NFL rules.  The stock comes with strict transfer restrictions so that stockholders can never really do anything with their votes and the money they pay is used for things like stadium improvement.  
It's pretty much a fundraiser for the team like a high school bake sale and the buyers get a certificate they can frame and brag to their friends that they are an "owner" of the team.
@_date: 2017-03-18 05:07:52
Pulling out an odd name here and there is not an accurate description of what the Democraticâ€‹ Party was doing collectively.  It is common in both parties to allow a few of their members to go against the party position when they know they have the necessary votes if the member disagrees or, worse, for political purposes.  
If you look at the history of the Patriot Act, it is difficult to pin it on the Democratic Party. The party supported the Patriot Act initially, but only after a fight to ensure that the Patriot Act expired after a few years. When the Patriot at expired. The Republicans decided they wanted to renew it and give President Bush more power and more surveillance. Democrats opposed the renewal, and the Republican party in majority passed it over Democratic objection.  
By the time Obama was President, the Democrats introduced a Reform Bill to replace the Patriot Act.  The Republicans opposed the bill, Mitch McConnell leading the opposition. Thankfully, the Democrats were able to get reform passed, but there was way too much compromise imho, and we still have too much government surveillance and interference with travel.
@_date: 2017-02-27 10:02:06
There is definitely a connection between math and psychedelics - there are many more examples than mycelium of math in nature, too.  The advent of computers has allowed for massive calculations that can explain and show order in parts of nature that we previously thought were chaotic.  Fibonacci sequence, Julia sets, Gauss elimination, etc. can now be better utilized.  
For psychedelics, the new big equation is the Mandelbrot Set, which was developed by an IBM mathematician in the 1970s &amp; '80s.  Computers allowed him to see the full potential of massive repetitive calculations, which appear as fractals when shown visually in a computer representation of the repeated calculations.  You've probably seen them around the web, here's one to the 227th power (takes approx. 1 month for a computer to make): 
Other than psychedelic pretties, the Mandelbrot set is also being used to decode patterns in nature, like leaves in a forest, ocean currents, broccoli spear formation - just about any seemingly chaotic grouping in nature can be unlocked with the equation to see its underlying order.  Interesting documentary: 
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:16:50
Americans have been saying that since 9/11.  But while they thought they were being vigilant against a major foreign threat, Republican leaders took away their freedoms in the name of "defense." And, the people were happy to allow it.  The uneducated even threw "tea-parties" oblivious to what they were actually supporting.
Ironically, these are the same people who would claim to be the most "vigilant," accusing people who realized what was happening with the passage of the Patriot Act of being anti-American. 15+ years of vigilance resulted in the election of a narcissistic bigoted moron who will soon be arrested for laundering money for the Russian mob. Hopefully, your slogan will be more productive this time around.
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:21:22
Hodlers don't "go to other coins." Hodlers are the careful ones - no alt-coin has ever earned enough cred for hodlers to put anything more than their play money into. The girl they brought to the dance is still the prom queen and alt-coins look like crack whores in comparison. 
@_date: 2017-03-28 20:13:45
What is a "minor committer"?
@_date: 2016-06-12 19:20:25
+1  A faithful reader is much more informed than the general public, but by no means has "insider" information.  This sub contains info that is available with a simple google search.  Mostly just post of info found on other websites.  The true market movers, the real insiders, are speaking to each other - but not on this sub.  
@_date: 2017-01-07 08:35:42
It is definitely smart to be cautious, which is why I was asking. I am also a victim of bitfinex. I'm not so worried about them being involved in alt-coins, but I am extremely worried about the fishing expedition the IRS is on with their subpoenas. I don't have anything to worry about personally as far as the IRS goes, but I am worried what it is going to do to Bitcoin companies in the US and if this is a signal of what is to come.
@_date: 2017-01-02 19:25:29
Yeah, shouldn't we be talking about "Mega"btc instead of "milli"btc?
How did this happen? 
@_date: 2017-01-07 09:46:51
Yeah, for "newcomers". Ok, guy. Didn't know you were on the mentoring committee.
*Redditor for 4 months* . . . now it makes sense, newcomer.
@_date: 2017-01-07 04:00:11
So, reading is too much for you and now you're asking him to produce an instructional video for you?   How about Princess does her own research and if she needs more help with Google, Princess can pay somebody for a custom lesson plan? 
@_date: 2017-01-07 10:04:13
If you're trying to sound tough, you need to work on your english - no idea what newbie is rambling on about - you think somebody is going to read your history? 
I think you are looking for @_date: 2017-01-02 19:13:14
This guy ^^^ is correct (except you don't need to wait; it is already happening). Case in point: coinbase. The IRS just sent coinbase a subpoena asking for all of its clients' transaction history. Every single transaction. The IRS was not happy with the lack of taxes paid on bitcoin so it is now combing through everybody's records to see if they can find any tax evaders.
Not only will this subpoena give the government access to transaction records for tax purposes, the Feds will also be able to see transmissions to and from darknet wallets . . .   
@_date: 2017-01-07 04:09:09


As a coinbase user who is concerned about recent developments, will you please explain why you trust Gemini more than coinbase as far as security for stored coins? I am interested in the specifics of why you don't trust Coinbase and why Gemini does it better.  Thanks! 
 
@_date: 2016-11-19 21:57:38
I'm with you on this. I bet by the time the final BTC is released, there will be half the intended amount of Bitcoin in actual circulation due to loss, death,  destruction, and seizure for criminal/civil/tax trials, investigations,  sentencing.  I'm sure there also has been of loss due to carelessness back when btc we were worth pennies as well.  If this grand experiment survives, it won't be long before whole bitcoin are difficult to find. Just some original investors who kept some stashed away through lean years. 
If we see another run as significant as the last $1000+, the ease of access to the market this time around will result in more big investors capable of buying up the remaining available large blocks.  We'll also see a big increase in micro-transactions with new applications coming out, which will eat up available coin on the other end.  2017 is looking like India's year and hopefully brings other markets along with it. 
But, I'm worried about the blockchain's ability to handle the increase in traffic this will bring - I'm afraid it's too slow.  
They need to break the gridlock caused by the lack of leadership so that something can get done to increase capacity. Unbelievable we can't be moving forward on some sort of size increase yet.  2016 feels like a wasted year due to gridlock and failure to fix the blocksize problem. This has to be fixed before it becomes an urgent problem capable of wrecking it all. 
One unforseen problem turned out to be the ease with which such a massive share of the entire btc market  could be owned so quickly by a concentrated and geopolitically-isolated few.  It's really sad that this might all sink because a few guys in China (whose only contribution is access to cheap electricity) can't see the big picture - or they are too afraid that their government will take it all away tomorrow.  So, every morning when they wake up and see money, the only thing they know to do keep is raping btc - no ability to see 2 years into the future with any confidence. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 02:03:33
I don't see anything unusual here that stands out more than a number of events over the past 5 years. Bitcoin being Bitcoin going sideways. When it's sideways, the sharks feed on those who want to see big movements so badly that they convince themselves they do.
@_date: 2017-01-01 20:04:45
Yes. (But don't sell at $1.50 - it will be much higher than that in a couple of years)
 
*remember all investing comes with risk. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 01:54:27
Speculating short-term traders manipulate (not all). Those earnestly participating in the Bitcoin ecosystem in furtherance of advancing the technology are not manipulating.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:23:52
***All*** speculation is built on greed:  specÂ·uÂ·laÂ·tion spekyÉ™ËˆlÄSH(É™) /noun . . . 2*. investment in stocks, property, or other ventures in the hope of gain but with the risk of loss*.
The people working on Bitcoin who don't give a damn about its price or value are not speculating. They also don't spend much time in reddit threads talking about the price of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:27:32




I'm glad we are on the same page. I especially agree that the bailouts were a mistake. If they couldn't manage to stay in business in one of the easiest businesses to make money, they should have been allowed to die. Of course, I remember the zeitgeist during that week and the entire country was scared to death by the media, politicians and PR machines and thought that the sun wouldn't rise if our major banks failed. A lot of individuals who had accounts with more money than was insured by the FDIC would have lost money, but that is probably a cheaper price to pay than the one we did and would've been a lesson to people to pay attention to the insurance levels on their accounts.
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:33:16


Will you please tell us these places?
@_date: 2017-11-15 12:18:00
This happened to me when my phone with Google Authenticator suddenly died.  I'll be honest: it is a **pain in the ass**.  But, it is NOT Coinbase's fault.  It is a problem (or strict security feature, depending on your viewpoint) that Google Authenticator has with every account it is used for - not just Coinbase.  I had 5 other accounts on my Google Authenticator and I had to go through the same process with each one.  (Which basically entails going to the help desk at every website you have an Authenticator account and going through the recovery process.)
If you do some googling, you will find that there is no shortage of rage being directed at Google for the difficulty of this recovery process.  Google's response is that it is essential for security, but a lot of people think they could implement a work-around.  
Google Authenticator is pretty much the only game out there that is accepted by all of my accounts, so I signed up for it all over again. 
 
 IS a way to avoid this problem:  you need to store (and not lose or forget about) the 2FA recovery code that you get once when you first sign up for your accounts - one for each website - NOT just one for all of Google Authenticator.  It is a string of about 16 characters (all numbers and capital letters), so you need to write it down, save it in a word file, or take a screenshot and save it somewhere OTHER THAN the device you have GoogleAUthenticator installed on.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:50:58
I completely agree with this and I wish I figured it out before I finished school and didn't spend 10 years somewhere that I didn't care for.  I didn't *hate* where I lived, but when I eventually moved to where I *should* be, a giant weight lifted off my shoulders and I've been much happier.  I'm not talking about economies or job opportunities so much, but more about finding a place 'where the climate suits my clothes.'
I moved a lot growing up and when I was younger, I thought that all places were pretty much the same. Later I realized that it was because my family was always in the suburbs and all suburbs are a carbon copy of boredom. Apologies to those who enjoy living in the suburbs - I know they aren't all bad and often a good place to start a family and if you enjoy your area, my opinion shouldn't mean shit. 
Those of you younger bitcoiners who may not be entirely committed to living in your suburb forever should definitely start looking for other places.  There are lots of cool towns and parts of towns where you will find people with similar interests as you who also pursue lifestyles that fit your personality. You can find Walmarts and Costcos anchoring strip malls full of Olive Gardens and Macaroni Grills all over the county and have the same experience no matter where you are. If you want anything different, you gotta go find it.  It is definitely worth it.
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:56:20
Like I said, it is possible we are in different areas and different experiences.  The real estate crash was very geographic-dependent.  People in Florida were hit much worse than people in Maine, for example.  I lived in one of the hardest hit markets in the Southwest and had just bought my "starter" home in 2004, expecting to be in it for just a few years because I under-bought and was hoping to catch some equity and move on. House was bought for about $320,000 and when I saw what my neighborhood looked like 18 months later and my mortgage lender was one of the major bailout recipient and also refusing to work with any homeowners (because the gov't assumed they would trickle it down to us, I don't know), I knew I had to get out. 
The bank (Wells Fargo) was essentially keeping the bailout $billions *and* all of the profit under the original loan contract, expecting me to take all of the loss for a problem that they created.  It was insane. I lost all respect for institutions when I saw what they were doing. So I decided to do a strategic default and stopped paying them.  When they moved to foreclose, they had to go through a mediation process in my state and they screwed that up, so I sued them and was able to walk away with a short sale, but my house sold for only $92,500!  That is a huge loss in 18 months. Not many people were able to get out as easy as I did (which I don't consider very easy because it cost me a lot). And, it destroyed a once nice neighborhood - turned it into a ghost town when the value was sucked out. The thought of helping crypto destroy the traditional banking industry is the cherry on top of the money I've made investing in it.
@_date: 2017-11-15 12:41:43
If you like sending dollars to people with Square or Venmo, this allows you to send your BTC to square, convert the BTC to $USD and send those dollars to somebody (who doesn't want BTC).  I think it could be fairly useful because more and more people are sending cash this way, but not many people are willing/ready to take your BTC yet.
@_date: 2017-11-18 05:00:11
Here's what a lawyer would tell you (assuming you are in US):


This is more of a relationship question than a legal question and, frankly, the way you've posed these questions, your relationship needs some work.  If you are aware of this and don't think it will last, you should get a divorce. If you hide the btc during the divorce and she ever finds out, you will have committed a crime during the divorce process and may risk losing your btc if she pursues it.  Read between the lines here and figure out what you want to do.


Yes. If you are in one of the 9 community property states, all assets acquired during marriage are split 50/50. If you are in an equitable distribution state, a judge decides the percentage split of the assets acquired during the marriage.


See   As for mortgage or cash purchase:  Buy with cash **unless** you can get a mortgage at 5% or less.  If you can get cheap credit and invest what would be the purchase money into a safe investment vehicle where you are confident your return % is more than you loan apr, get a loan.  If you qualify for less than 4% = get a loan. If 4%-8% weigh your investor skills and go with what you think is best. If your loan will be over 8%, pay cash. (There are many location-specific variables that should be considered as well.  The above is a general guideline)
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:50:28
I completely agree since you got such good use out of it. Can't put a price on quality of life.
@_date: 2017-11-15 13:20:45
Coinbase used to work with Authy, but they don't allow it any more.
The Ledger Nano S can be used for authentication, but I don't think any of the accounts I have use the NanoS yet.
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:18:07
That just means it will happen much faster. In a global market that is open 24/7, you might go to sleep one night and wake up to find everything gone before you even had time to get out because the bots never sleep. (So don't forget to set your automatic buys and sells.)
@_date: 2017-11-05 09:58:47
If they are gamblers, bitcoin is extremely popular on gambling websites - especially with Americans that can't use their credit cards for online gambling in all but 4 states.  Even if they don't want to stretch the law, they can probably understand some of bitcoin's appeal. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:31:12
I didn't know that.  When I got this email from Coinbase, I ditched Authy:
@_date: 2017-11-28 02:18:16
Should I have /s ? Because I didn't think /s was really necessary . . .
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:45:11
Agree. Eunuchs were around thousands of years before modern medicine, so it really isn't much of a risk. 
For those who want to let him out easy; I'm afraid we cannot.  Your mercy is counter to Bitcoin's most important principles and core dogma: 
 takebacks.
If we are going to show the world that this is all real, the community cannot accept any manner of welching on this bet.  We need to pull together in times like these and show the world that we believe in what we are doing and in the strength of this technology.
@_date: 2015-08-14 09:44:33
I agree with all you said, but banks can provide something to you that you won't be able to get from your bitcoin wallet: loans.
Banks will still be able to attract customers for certain functions they are able to provide with their capital assets (which are, of course, contaminated by the fractional reserve system, but that's a different discussion.)
Bitcoin will make private or person-to-person loans much easier, but I can't imagine it being a very efficient industry any time soon.  Who wants to give money to to string of characters without first doing a bunch of research on the borrower?  Once you start doing that, you are doing the work of a bank.
@_date: 2017-11-04 00:47:13


No, this is "CME 2017".  Chicago Mercantile: Not just frozen orange juice and pork bellies anymore.
And, you look better in a skirt.
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:12:02
You must be missing some parts of the country or some sides of town, because I'm not quite as optimistic.  First of all, not everyone has recovered from the 2006 crash. Just because a lot of people have jobs, doesn't mean they've recovered.  If you're over 40 and one of the recessions wiped out your house and savings, you've got a lot to work to do before you can come close to retiring. It is especially difficult for many (self-employed, small business) with no certainties whatsoever with health insurance. Some people are working that much because they need to save $15,000 just to have a baby, let alone prepare for an unexpected catastrophic injury like a car accident.
I've lived in a couple of places that were some of the hardest hit in 2006, so perhaps my experience is a bit skewed, but there are very large markets where a lot of people were entirely wiped out. For example, in my neighborhood in 2007-8, 1/3 of the houses were vacant, 1/3 were for sale and the last third was mostly retirees who had paid off their house but could not leave it if they wanted to. These people may all have jobs now, but when 20 years of savings is wiped out in 2 years, it takes a toll.
For those who are young and have said that they are going to cash out at certain milestones, I suggest you do your best to continue to invest. It's Bitcoin is still surging, keep as much in as you can and if it fails move on to the next crypto or the best investment you can find.  When I see milestones like a vacation or $100,000, I don't consider those significant enough to warrant selling off investments for h you can do better and opportunities like Bitcoin don't come around often, so keep the money in play until it's something you can retire with. Anyone under 30 in good health can expect to live to 100 these days and if you plan to retire at 65 or 70, you're going to need well over a million before you even think about taking money out.
I'm not saying don't have fun or don't take vacations. I'm just saying we are riding a money train like you probably will never see again and if taking a vacation wipes out your Bitcoin Holdings, you will be regretting it, so keep some in play. In the past 12 months, Bitcoin has returned over **1000%**, however, in the "normal" world of investing, you should be satisfied with an ***8% annual return***. Think about that for a minute because that 8% might be the type of return you can expect 5 to 10 years from now once crypto has steadied.
@_date: 2015-07-18 01:31:10
This ^
Bitcoin is similar to cash in this respect.  If someone steals your credit card numbers, you can just cancel the card from making any additional transactions and US law provides that the credit card company insure you against fraudulent transactions and *they* lose your money that was stolen.
However, if someone steals your Bitcoin, there is nothing out there to give you a refund.  (Unless, of course, you are paying a company to hold your Bitcoin and some type of insurance (similar to credit cards or FDIC) is part of the service you are paying for.)  
@_date: 2017-11-16 13:00:02
Again, I'll concede that some borrowers were partly responsible in some cases. But, their share of blame is not even close to that of the banks - they lent what they shouldn't, hid that fact and sold the responsibility off to investors who were relying on representations that weren't true. Did you see my other reply where I went through some of my numbers?
It was the banks that did the lending. They had the responsibility to evaluate their borrowers and decide if they had the ability to meet the loan terms.  Instead of lending to qualified people, they lent to anyone.  Do you know what a NINJA loan is? Ridiculous.  Instead of laying in the bed they made with these stupid loans, they sold them off to investors, misrepresenting the quality of the loans that they negotiated.  And, you can't argue that the banks didn't know - do you remember the Savings &amp; Loan crisis of the late 1980s when a ton of credit unions went under?  They tanbked because they did the exact same thing - all the people running the banks had watched this happen earlier in the careers and went ahead and did the exact same thing.
I know people like to blame the government as well and much of that is fair since congress encouraged mortgage lending and "inspired" the market, but the people who were supposed to know what they were doing saw the $$$ and short-term benefit and ignored fundamentals.  I also agree that congress is partially to blame because they also dealt with the S&amp;L fallout and threw caution to the wind by deregulating.  Sadly, nothing has changed since the republicans still push for any deregulation they can find and Trump is bragging about his plan to kill more regulations and this is the kind of shit that happens when corporations aren't regulated. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:33:48
Over 32 years, that hasn't turned out so great. If you would've invested in blue chip stocks and made the annual equivalent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, you would be able to sell the stock for FIFTEEN TIMES what you paid. 
Of course, if you also enjoyed the land for 32 years and vacationed there, it returned much more than can be expressed on a spreadsheet.
@_date: 2015-07-18 20:08:29
You can vote to exclude your home from government.  You just need a majority of like-minded people to do the same.  People choose not to because they like the society that the US gov't has created.  
It is not fundamentally wrong to lock people up.  Some people need to be locked up based on their record of killing other people.  We may disagree on that, but we both have the right to vote for what we believe is the correct course.  If the majority of people agreed with you, we could do away with prisons.
Direct choice in political affairs happens all of the time with ballot initiatives.  An easy example is pot now being legal in Colorado and Washington.  Why?  The people voted for it - it is that simple.  You don't like property tax - so go ahead and petition for a ballot initiative and if you have enough people who agree, you can vote to abolish it.
I agree there are unjust laws, but I am in the minority on those and I accept that.  We have no overlords - only predecessors to blame, but we also have the keys to change our predecessor's mistakes.  Bringing up Hitler or China is an off-topic red herring.  We are talking about this speaker's views about the U.S. government.
It sounds like you are an anarchist since you don't believe in incrimination.  I'm fine with that, but you have to realize that you are in the minority and the majority has chosen to live with some of the hassles that come with government in return for the safety of not living next door to a murderer who risks no reprisal other than mob justice.
@_date: 2015-07-18 19:39:13
Democracy is a buzzword?
Would you understand better if I wrote that as a citizen he has the right to vote and is, therefore, a part of the government, rather than the government being a bully thief as he described?  
These aren't tough concepts - I didn't think they required extensive definition in order for you to understand.  But I learn something new about people everyday, so thanks for the insight on your comprehension level.  I also didn't know every comment required a thesis.
@_date: 2015-07-19 00:19:49
I saw that.  You're right - that is bullshit governing. 
Thankfully, we are safe from that in the U.S. because the Constitution prohibits ex post facto laws.  (Though, they could probably attempt to structure it in a way to disguise it as raised rates.)
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:28:46
*"Breaking: Economists have determined that charitable donations cause crime. News at 11"*
@_date: 2015-07-18 20:56:54
Why?  It takes time.  Gov't isn't moving at the speed of the internet yet.  There are thousands of laws that I think need to be changed immediately, but I understand why it is not yet possible.  If you have a faster or better alternative, I'd love to hear it.
As for claiming territorial ownership, this discussion can't be had except in the context of the history in which it was created.  We are where we are because of thousands of years of societal growth and change.  We need to continue to change, but we can't change the playing field we were born with.  
You need to accept history and focus efforts on changing the future, which can be done.  I agree the Native Americans were screwed, but there is nothing we can do to change what has already happened.  How would you go about erasing that?  Would you send every person back to one of their countries of origin and leave the continent to the remaining tribes?  Can you imagine the global effect of doing something like that?  You would be harming the people born today who had nothing to do with the settlement of the Americas.
I know you want things to be better, but how do you propose doing it? Societal change takes generations, not days or months. I think the U.S. has many horrible laws, but I agree with our method of changing them and I've seen it work, so I don't buy the "overlord" argument.  Even if I did what do you want to happen?  Armed revolt? And if you are successful at that, then what?
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:16:29
Sort of and sometimes. If you bought any Bitcoin from an American exchange like coinbase, they can subpoena coinbase 4 the records of all of your buy and sell activities through them. 
In fact, the IRS has already subpoenaed Coinbase for buy and sell activity of every one of its customers (actually, they've asked for every piece of data that Coinbase has on its customers.) Fortunately, coinbase is fighting the subpoena and, if the courts are honest, coinbase should win because the stated reason for the subpoena is that the IRS realized that only a few hundred people reported Bitcoin on their taxes and they assumed that meant that there are a lot of people out there who owe taxes on bitcoin that did not report the income. However, the law states that the government may not use subpoenas for fishing expeditions that are not supported by probable cause, which is exactly what this is.  Unfortunately, we live in a world where Wall Street makes the rules and Goldman Sachs operates as a defecto arm of the Department of Treasury.
This is definitely an issue worth complaining to your Senators and Congressmen about if you want cryptocurrency to have legitimacy and not get constrained by a perception that everyone who uses it is a criminal. I'd be very surprised if the Jamie Dimons of Wall Street don't mount a campaign against Bitcoin at some point. Now that they are realizing it's value, I'm sure they'd like a reset so that they can get their hands a firmer grasp on the honey pot. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 02:23:26
I couldn't get past his intro.  Moron doesn't realize that he lives in a democracy and, thus, *part* of the gov't.
He's just bitching because not enough people vote like he wishes they would.  It's funny to watch what happens to some of the majority when they become the minority.
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:18:59
I don't know what you are specifically referring to, but it may have been due to the nature of the event.  All corporate sponsorship, sales, logos, etc. are strictly prohibited.  
I could see how people who don't know about cryptos would react negatively on the playa if the camp looked like they were promoting a "business".  Money, and its ilk, are verboten topics during that week.
@_date: 2015-07-18 21:22:00
I agree.  I also think that to accomplish it peacefully, it will take time.
We are on the verge of another big societal shift, maybe much bigger than the one in the '60s, once everyone is in the "internet age".  Basically, we are waiting for the very populous "baby-boomer" generation to die off, which will happen over the next 20-25 years.  There is a huge gap on social policy beliefs between these two generations and the baby-boomers currently have more voting power.  Once they are gone, the pace of change will speed up.
Then we can start moving the government on to the blockchain.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 21:32:00
@_date: 2017-11-16 12:12:05
You describe many people who got caught up, I'll concede.  But there were a lot of people doing everything by the conservative book (like me) who were destroyed when the values tanked.  I was hardly 30 and if I didn't get out like I did, I would have had to stay in that house for 20+ years to get the value back. I qualified for a much higher loan, bought conservatively with a low fixed-rate loan and made a significant down payment. Some parts of the country really got fucked. The neighborhood hasn't come close to returning to previous values yet.
Oh, and it was the banks that caused the bubble.  They lended to people they shouldn't have.
@_date: 2018-03-08 23:53:07
It's worse than bad, n00b.  No trader with that many btc who wanted to sell off half billion dollars worth in a matter of months would do it on an exchange.  He'd use a broker to arrange an auction or better, a private sale.  You don't expose yourself to the manipulated exchanges and their fees, you call up Winkiveii, Draper, Shrem, Novagratz and make a deal (then when Ver calls and whines about not getting called, you tell him to go fuck himself and dump all of the bch at once on poloniex ).
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:32:32
It's all gambling.  Betting on a NYSE stock is no different than betting on a sporting event, is no different than betting on a cryptocurrency, is no different than betting on a piece of real estate, etc.
You have imperfect information as to what the future entails. You lay down money today, hoping that your predictions about something in the future are correct.  If you are correct, you win/profit; if you are wrong, you lose/loss.
@_date: 2018-02-04 06:42:39
So?  
If you were following his argument, those that don't are not the ones he cares abut (since they lack the distinguishing feature he thinks is so important).
@_date: 2018-03-09 06:35:12
And, OP answered his own question:  *"I accepted my loss and moved on."* 
If he didn't accept it and hired a lawyer, or found another way to sign up as a creditor in the bankruptcy, he'd be receiving some of the sale proceeds.
@_date: 2017-09-30 08:07:48
(From a non-political perspective) Coinbase is still the best place for an American new to Bitcoin/Ether/Crypto who plans to hodl to get an account to buy their first coin.  It is very easy to use, may link directly to your bank account without much hassle (depending on where you bank), and you can also buy with credit card. It will then be very easy to transfer your coin to your trezor.  Coinbase is also properly regulated in every state it operates in and your Bitcoin will be insured same as FDIC in a checking account.
No matter which regulated exchange you choose to sign up for, be prepared to hand over a fair amount of identifying information so that they can comply with Federal KYC/AML laws required of financial institutions in the United States.   Also, the amount of Bitcoin you can transact on a weekly basis will be small at first, and as the weeks/months go by, you will get higher limits.  If you want to buy completely anonymously without any of your personal information going to a company regulated by the government, your best bet is a face-to-face transaction through localBitcoins. (Which entails meeting a stranger and giving him cash in exchange for Bitcoin, and many compare the experience to a shady drug transaction, so at least insist upon a public meeting place.) 
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:44:26
So, by your definition, purchasing stocks is not an investment because stock certificates are not a valuable thing for a person, correct?
If no, how are stocks any more valuable than cryptocurrencies? 
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:54:19
Not all stocks pay dividends and I'm sure you know that not all companies on the NYSE are profitable every month, or every year, or ever . . .  


Do you really believe this?  
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:14:09
Nice try, but dollar-cost averaging existed long before the existence of cryptocurrency.  Hell, DCA existed before Vitalik Buterin was a mere glimmer in his parents' eyes.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:50:57
Then why do they go out of busniess/bankrupt and leave their stock owners holding nothing but worthless certificates? 
Bitcoin has all of those things - as much as anything on the NYSE (not all stocks pay dividends).  Do you know anything about the technological breakthroughs that cryptocurrencies bring?  Are you aware that before Bitcoin it was impossible for two strangers to exchange value online without a third party ensuring performance/trust/validity?  I have a feeling you don't know anything about the technology you are shitting on and even less about what is for sale on the NYSE.
@_date: 2018-02-04 07:47:10
I started my career (and 401k) in the '90s, so I kinda know how that works kiddo.  Eventually, you'll see some bad years.  As already pointed out, not all mutual funds have positive returns.
It is all gambling. Some bets are safer than others. You can make a bet on whether you will see the sun will rise on May 23, 2018.  It would be stupid for me to bet against that happening (even without knowing anything about your medical/physical condition or activities), but it is still gambling because the future is uncertain.  For example, holding Bank of America stock from July 2007 to July 2008 would've looked like a fairly safe bet on 7/1/07 - but turned out to be a disaster.
Yes, many mutual funds are a "safer" investment than crypto, but you have no way of knowing which will outperform the others over 10 years and both could turn out to be losers. Gambling is still gambling - no matter what the odds.
Why do you think people take more and more of their portfolio out of stocks as they get closer to retirement?  They don't want to gamble away their savings.  Despite your 15-year rule example, between October 2007 and March 2009, the S&amp;P 500 lost 55 percent of its value. An investor with a $1 million exposure to an S&amp;P 500 fund would have lost $550,000 in the span of 17 months.  15 years of savings in a "safe," not-a-bet investment gone - happened to a lot of people.
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:25:48
Actually, it isn't an "attempt to convince you to invest more than you would have" in a bull market.  It is an acknowledgement that if you invest long enough and consistently, bear and bull markets don't matter since they are short-term. What matters is long-term and during the past century, U.S. equities markets appreciated each year by about 11% on average - DCA ensures that you get the 11% average gain and don't make, say, 3 large bad buys over the course of your investing career during lows and lose everything to those 3 bad buys.
@_date: 2018-02-04 07:52:45
Really?  Where do the owners get all the money to pay players those huge contracts? 50,000 people in the stadiums and they were all let in for free and didn't buy any concessions? How is it that the Green Bay Packers and New England patriots used to sell stocks to fans before the NFL outlawed the practice?
Also, you do know that the essence of capitalism is the survival of the fittest and the vast majority of companies eventually fail, don't you?  You've heard of bankruptcy, SEC penalties, etc?  Save your "retard" comments for your mom and get a clue before making a fool of yourself again.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:36:07
Pets.com had an expected value along with thousands of other over-hyped stocks bolstered by the promise of new tech in the late '90s; Mortgage-Backed Securities and Collateralized Debt Obligations also had a promising expected value bolstered by the great potential of a new investment vehicle in the late '00s. Sound familiar to headlines online and on cnbc lately?
If the expected value is anything more than a guess - subject to unknowable and uncontrollable future disasters - which can be counted on for a steady stream of income, shouldn't everyone be rich already per compounding interest, [Rule of 72](  If S&amp;P500 averages 10% and you re-invest &amp; compound, you'll double your money every 7.2 years.  If everyone could double their money in 7 years without risk, everyone would've retired in their 40s and 50s the past 75 years and S&amp;P500 Indexes would be the only retirement fund anyone would own.  
The S&amp;P500 is also cherry-picked, rather than a picture of the market as a whole. They can swap companies in and out with no consequence, unlike an investor. The average lifespan of a company in the S&amp;P500 is only 15-20 years now. The companies you think are practically guaranteed to profit don't last 20 years! Better hope you catch the sweet spot in that 20 year window that comes after start-up, development, and profitability, but before decline and dissolution.
You talk like someone who has lived his entire adult life (or whatever you want to call your financial-awareness time period) in one of the strongest bull markets in history and thinks that this is how things will always work: convinced that stocks always provide an income stream without risk of loss, probably never contemplated buying a home with a 12.8% interest rate, going from positive equity in your home to negative equity through no fault of your own,watching your holdings tank while the government hands your tax money to the people responsible for the current recession then cutting minimum healthcare requirements which makes you spend more out-of-pocket money on healthcare . . . These have all occurred in my lifetime and will again.  Recessions can be a bitch and depending ob how hard your portfolio gets hit, they can take years to recover from - which is why relying on the S&amp;P500 being up over 30 years doesn't matter.  You can't stop aging and you are going to need to retire.  If your time happens to be up at the tail end of an 8 year recession or flash crash, you're fucked.  Age 70 you're gonna want to retire, but still need to fund an additional 30 years of living expenses (assuming decent health/healthcare). At 69,  you're watching the market dive and now have just half of what you planed to live on for 30 years . . . 
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:16:12
What the hell are you going on about?  Paying the house is not an element of the definition of betting (or gambling) and certainly not implied in my use of the words. We're not talking about casinos . . . If you admit the companies you invest in can fail and that investment strategy entails predicting which companies will fail and which will succeed, then you have conceded it is betting (or gambling).
risk something, usually a sum of money, against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of a future event, such as the result of a race or game.
"betting on horses"
**synonyms:	wager, gamble, stake, risk, venture,** hazard, chance; 
an act of risking a sum of money on the outcome of a future event.
"every Saturday she had a bet on the horses"
**synonyms:**	**wager, gamble, stake**, ante
"a $20 bet"
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:40:48
Same is true for every stock from companies that go out of business.  Kodak holders weren't ready for Nokia. The biggest wagon-wheel manufacturer wasn't ready for the model-T.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:08:32
I'm afraid this is the first time I've come across so I don't know what you are suggesting.
Generally, if you can afford a lawyer, you need one.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:50:25
I understand the customs angle. I was expounding on my earlier statement - that the case is likely investigated by another member of the alphabet soup and they are just leaning on ICE for the subpoena - because ICE can get subpoenas easier than most other agencies due to their "carve-out" subpoena rule exemptions.
@_date: 2015-04-25 22:11:12
Which are probably also infested with LEOs.  
Not sure I'd seek membership into one gone private . . .
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:54:28
Embarrassed to admit that I read extensively about Bitcoin in 2011 and never did anything with it.  My parents watch this show and I saw this episode when recovering from surgery at their house.  
It reignited my interest, I re-read the Gawker article, and it led to my first BTC purchase.  
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:48:52
So, how do you buy a used car?  You must use credit?
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:43:15
Receptionist isn't really a "career" position anywhere. The only job description of receptionist is customer relations.
Unless she was reciting Schwab's position on Bitcoin verbatim, she would very likely get fired, or at least be on her last strike.  I don't think Schwab would approve of receptionists giving investment advice in any context.  That's why people work hard to get letters behind their name.
@_date: 2015-04-01 11:46:34
It would be very difficult to even guess without actually attending the trial - even then you may not know enough because it probably wasn't public at the time.  
It is very common for seemingly important matters to be excluded from trial.  Basically, if it does not relate to the charges at issue, it can be excluded.  The easiest example is evidence of prior similar acts.  
Say we get in a car wreck.  You sue me because I was drunk, ran a stop sign and injured you.  Before trial, you learn that I've been in 4 prior accidents in which I ran a stop sign and injured people, but none of those accidents led to criminal convictions.  Sounds important, right?   Well, it will be excluded from trial because it is not relevant.  
"Our" trial is about what happened on the day I hit you and what I did to injure you.  None of those prior accidents help the jury decide whether I'm at fault for injuring you on the day of our accident.  Just because I drove poorly 4 times 10 years ago, does not mean I drove poorly the day I hit you.
It could be similar with Ross.  The prosecution would have objected to the evidence and argued that the agents' actions did nothing to gain illegal evidence that is being used against him and that the crimes he is charged of were committed before he was asked for the bribe, thereby making evidence of it irrelevant.  (Relevance is a very common objection.)
On the other hand, Ross' defense will certainly argue that the bribe tainted the whole investigation and that the evidence gathered by those cops is all dirty and should be excluded.  
It's easy to say what the argument will be about - but it is impossible to predict which way it will go unless you have some more intimate knowledge of the trial than just what is in the press.  A trip to the clerk's office may have a lot of answers in the way of attorneys' briefs, but the physical trial evidence will be sequestered during appeal.
The best source will be the trial transcript, provided the judge had the court reporter recorded every evidentiary hearing, even if in chambers.  You could also look for pre-trial motions and Motions in Limine in the case file if there were any filed on the subject.  Finally, when the appeal is written, that will be the best source - but you will need to read both sides' briefs.
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:44:42
Not only that - the best and brightest don't stagnate.  If they have the ability to move onward and upward, they do.
There is no honor in staying somewhere if someone wants to pay you more to do something you like better or is a career advancement.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:23:58
You have a keen interest in this subject, so I'm sure you know that law enforcement does not always follow perfect procedure and that, sometimes, corners are cut (resulting in denial of due process) when an investigator wants to get his hands on something.
If you haven't seen it, here is a summary of the post 9/11 subpoena carve-out granted to the new ICE subpoena system.  
A quick read of the sections regarding sharing of the information collected by ICE and then the requirements placed upon those who ICE shares its information with (none) shows what I am suggesting.
You can see how easy it is now for any LEO agency to call up ICE and say "we've got a drug investigation going, the drugs might be from Mexico, give me everything you can get."  ICE can collect the info, share it and have no further involvement in the case other than a few minor file notations.
From Ulbrecht, we know that the DEA and FBI are working hard on the darkweb and they were the agencies that headed the investigation.  Knowing how easy it is to get an ICE subpoena, I'd really like to know how many ICE subpoenas were issued in that case . . . We will never know, though, because the government is entitled to keep all of that confidential.
I'd say something about the horror to our democracy, but it's been par for the course since the Patriot Act.
@_date: 2015-04-06 19:27:07
The banks are fairly powerful in the US (demand bailouts, etc.) but we don't have such severe restrictions on using cash.
Large deposits ($10,000+) are recorded, but there is no prohibition on using your cash.  If you have the wealth, you can buy a $10 million house or yacht in cash with no restrictions.  The seller's bank may do a "Know Your Customer" investigation when Seller tries to deposit your money, but that's it - no concern if you are legit.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:26:09
Actually, it depends on the state.  In some states, attorneys can draft and sign their own subpoenas.  In other states, a court clerk, or some other official must sign off on a subpoena.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:14:10
You are correct that there are lots of different types of subpoenas and rules on how they are to be issued.  Your ICE subpoena is a good example - thanks for pointing out my mistake.  I guess any discussion of subpoenas should start with isolating the type up for discussion.  But it's fair to say that not all "administrative subpoenas" follow the same rules that ICE does.
ICE is, at first blush, an odd example since they have their own little "due process-free" version of issuing subpoenas that most other federal agencies don't enjoy.  The one you saw wasn't necessarily signed by the "immediate" supervisor - the rules requires the ASAC to sign it.  But it was a pertinent example since the Reddit subpoena came from ICE, which is kind of weird when you think about it . . . immigration &amp; customs????   
Likely, the DEA or FBI is "suggesting" an international link to justify their use of the "friendly agency" back-scratching rule that lets ICE extend its EZ-subpoezy, no-hassle subpoenas to other federal agencies ~~for good cause~~ whenever they want.  At least 9/11 restored our commitment to the core values of a democracy. /s
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:57:52
I agree with what you say.  However, don't forget it was the banks' fault for risking insolvency.  
The banks were not innocent bystanders employing conservative accounting practices.  They played fast and loose with their customer's money for their own private gain and lost.  That is an important detail which should not be overlooked by history.
@_date: 2015-09-25 05:22:06
I don't think the two different types of blockchains are even competing.  They serve different purposes.
The Blockchain must be public, fungible and easily transferable.  It needs to preserve its function as a currency and measure of value.
On the other hand, private blockchains only need to serve the specific functions a company's business.  They have an interest in privacy.  I doubt they will all be compatible with each other and they'll each have their own value, which makes them useless as a global currency.  Kind of like the difference between cash and store credit.
I don't understand the fear of private blockchains replacing Bitcoin because private blockchains won't be able to do what Bitcoin can do.  
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:24:35
There are anonymous ways to pay for your VPN as well.  PrivateInternetAccess (and I'm sure others) accept gift cards as payment.
I went through some gift cards I had laying around and a six-year old card to a common big box store with about $25 left on it got me  approx. 7 months of VPN service.  Can't beat that, imo.
@_date: 2017-05-14 03:29:40


I agree with most of your comment, however, you've got it wrong here on student loans.  
First of all, it is not a free market - not even close. Federally-backed student loans involve government participation in the market.   This puts government loans at an advantage over private lenders right off the bat. The government even changed the bankruptcy laws on student loans to further increase its market dominance.           Pick a loan, any other loan that you will ever have in your entire life: all of those loans can be discharged and forgiven if you ever need to declare bankruptcy. The government is happy to wipe those loans right off of your record as if they never existed.
But, you experienced hard times after a drunk driver hit you, resulting in paralysis and causing you to lose your job and health insurance so that you can no longer pay your medical bills.  You declare bankruptcy to relieve yourself of some of these obligations you will never be able to repay and the government graciously allowed you to wipe your slate clean so that you no longer have to pay any of those private companies the money that you owe them.
But, you still have to pay the government back for the money they loaned you. Apparently private lenders need to be much more cautious about who they lend to because their loans can be *discharged by the federal government*.  However the loans *made by the federal government* can not be discharged. That's not a free market.
Also consider that the federal government has endless resources and lawyers who spend their careers on lending, bankruptcy and tax laws. 
Yet the other party to this transaction is a 17 or 18 year old with zero real-world experience and within their few first few months of even attaining the age of majority required to enter into a contract, who has no way of having any experience or specialized knowledge on this subject and at that point in their lives.  
A student loan, with 40 pages of fine-point boiler plate text, is what's known as an adhesion contract.  When private companies enter into an adhesion contract with an unsophisticated consumer, the courts will always deferred to the side of the unsophisticated consumer Whenever there is any confusion as the meaning of contract terms because courts recognize the inherent in equity and contracts (or loans) like these. Yet despite these protections for consumers against grain Private Business, the federal government not only does not extend such protection too 17 and 18 year old student loan applicants, it actually prohibits those students from Raising such arguments.  Engaging in the same abuse that you deem illegal for private companies to engage in, is not only fucked up, it's not a free market.  
But, yeah, blame the seventeen-year-old who just wants to go to school with his friends and try to better himself and become a productive member of society.  Go ahead and dangle a bunch of money in front of their face and tell them that they "don't need to worry about paying it off until years down the road and that deferments will be available if they choose to go to grad/med/law school/ join the military and some employers are paying their new employees student loans and blah blah."
@_date: 2017-05-05 00:56:03
That reporting rule is for anti-terrorism / anti-trafficking efforts because large sums of cash that appear out of nowhere rarely come from kids that have been saving their lawn-mowing money.
@_date: 2017-05-28 05:14:28
Anyone who invests in any type of stock/commodity market is gambling.  Even the most conservative blue-chip is just a gamble.
There is no distinction between the two - just a more palliative  choice of terminology to make nice for acceptable corners of society.  Before the internet and day-trading, the only distinction that could be made was length of time between bet and payout.   If you bet cards or dice, outcome is within minutes of the bet. If you bet sports, outcome is within hours or days of the bet.  With stocks, outcome is within weeks, months or years of the bet.  
In every situation, the better is putting money up and predicting a future event (an Ace will turn up/the Red Sox will win/IBM will be profitable in 3rd Q).  When the event happens, wins or losses are taken.  Now that day trading is available, the differences are even smaller.
@_date: 2017-05-05 01:07:26
To bad no one in America can own their land "outright" or "free and clear.". You still owe property taxes and if you don't pay your property taxes, the government will evict you off of the land and resume possession of the land it owns.
You're not really paying "property taxes," you're paying rent to the government.
@_date: 2015-03-10 06:28:20
Shouldn't that protection be a consumer's choice?
Your version sounds more like mafia thugs trolling neighborhood businesses, telling them that they need to pay a fee for "protection."
I won't ditch my credit cards and I'll keep them around for when I think I need protection.  But if I don't want it, I shouldn't have to pay for it.
@_date: 2015-03-10 20:04:39
Cash price/credit price.  Lots of businesses already charge separately.  All will if their customers ask for it, or they will no longer compete.
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:11:33
That makes sense. However, I am more interested in whether it is enforceable as a practical matter from a foreign country and whether other EU countries are considered "foreign" for such purposes.  Usually, it is extremely difficult to enforce a debt or contractual obligation from outside of the debtor's nation of residence.
For example, say you came to the US for a job and worked here for three years.  While in the u.s., you obtained a credit card from a US bank and incurred $8,000 worth of debt on the credit card.  You are terminated from your job so you go back home and decide that you are no longer going to make payments on your credit card debt.  Legally, you owe the US Bank for $8,000. However, as a practical matter,   the u.s. bank would not be able to enforce that debt and come after you in any manner because it would be more expensive to do so than the debt is worth.  
The u.s. bank would first need to sue you in an American court and obtain a default  judgement against you for the $8,000.  Then, the Judgment would need to be perfected in the US court in order to initiate collection efforts. Since us courts have no enforcement power in the Netherlands (can't garnish your wages or execute on your accounts), the bank would need to register the Judgment in a Dutch Court  and serve you with process. Even if you did nothing to contest it, the bank would still need to undertake additional collection efforts to do whatever Dutch law allows for judgment collection, such as garnishing wages or executing on accounts. 
By this time, the bank has incurred much more than $8,000 in costs and legal fees.  For this reason, it is unlikely that anyone would attempt to pursue a foreign debt collection on any debt under $50,000, effectively making any legal obligation non-existent. 
If the situation were reversed and it was a Dutch bank attempting to collect a debt from a person who subsequently moved to the US, the Dutch bank would likewise be unable to collect the debt because of the cost involved.  So, I was wondering if the same would be true between EU countries, or if similar cost barriers still exist, even with the EU in place?
@_date: 2017-05-24 09:20:10


I did something very similar when I started in 2013 with very close friends and family, except I did not feel comfortable leaning too hard on anyone because it was such an unknown at the time and none of them are really "computer savvy" so I didn't want the people I love most to hate me for bringing them into some bullshit investment if it failed.  So I left it up to them.
The only people who took my advice were my parents (who are the least technologically-adept of any of them and they only put a few $hundred in) despite many polite tips at opportune times.   You can lead a horse to water . . .
I really can't blame them for their decisions at the time, since it involved a fair amount of risk. My own investment advisor protested constantly every time I brought it up. In fact, I regret not investing more in 2013 because I listened to his advice and did not go all in instead of trusting my gut.  Oh well, I'm 15 years younger than him and I'll be retiring before he does.
@_date: 2016-05-23 04:55:25


Digitized gold?  And I thought paper certificates were a scam . . .
 
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:21:41
I have a feeling that if someone were to find a way to truly calculate the number of coin that have been forever lost, the price would shoot waaaay up when everyone realized there were much lost than previously thought
@_date: 2015-03-10 03:16:41
What, like any business you give your debit/credit card info to online, on the phone, or in person?
@_date: 2015-03-11 04:17:23
Thanks! Great way to spread the word
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:55:18
Great result - nobody should own that symbol.  Who tried to trademark "bitcoin"?  In the application, what did they say that was bogus?
What is your company going to do with the logo? (Put on products, advertising, website, etc?)  My thought on the sanctions is that they may not be warranted if your company benefits financially from your favorable Judgment.  If it is worth more than $300, I wouldn't rock the boat.  Keeping the case open is just more opportunity to put the default aside. 
@_date: 2015-03-18 11:10:35
Yet, attributing super-human powers of evil to these people is logical and productive?
Hate them all you want, but there is nothing special about them.  They were motivated by greed to make the most money possible while exerting the least amount of effort, which is a very human character.  Anyone surprised by the outcome is probably one of their suckers.  
Like most scammers, they played on their victims' desires.  The "victims" were equally greedy and don't deserve any sympathy since their motivation was the same.  These were people who thought they could pay a few grand to buy a machine that prints money (the American Dream) and become obscenely wealthy with no effort or skill.
The "victims" were so blinded by their greed for a magic beanstalk, that they handed over truckloads of money to companies *with NO product*.  
When you look at the mining scam from an outsider's perspective, it is painfully obvious: New system to create money appears.  Company builds technology that creates the most money.  Company spends money on research, design, marketing, manufacturing, distribution, licensure, and compliance to sell product which allows customers to make money.   *WHAT?!?!?*  
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the Company has ZERO interest in selling their technology - if it performs as promised, it *literally makes money!*, so why go through the hassle of selling it for money that it could otherwise make on its own?  UNLESS.... they make more money selling it than it could make on its own -- WHICH MEANS NO RETAIL BTC MINING PRODUCT SHOULD EVER BE ABLE TO MINE MORE MONEY THAN IT COSTS TO BUY.
Selling a massive tunnel drill to a gold mining company makes sense due to geographical, international law and property ownership limitations.  No such limitations exist with BTC.  If you can build a BTC money-maker, there isn't much incentive to sell it.
These people gave their money away because of their own greed and misplaced trust.  Any prudent person would have done a few minutes of research and realized that they had better odds with lottery tickets.
@_date: 2017-05-13 02:28:23
Nope. Just a human being. What is inside of you that would make you assume the absolute worst of circumstances about a stranger you know nothing about to insult him?
You don't have to answer; I already know.  You are an obese 36 year-old neckbeard virgin keyboard commando High School dropout living in his parents basement after stealing money from your grandmother to hire an attorney for your felony DUI with serious bodily injury charge, full of self-hate with no friends in real life and not even online, so the only interaction you can get from people is to insult and demean from your anonymous hiding place.
After graduating from Law School, OPs adult child has dedicated her life to representing orphaned disabled children after her cousin died in a car crash and she adopted his son and learned that so many abandoned children had no access to the medical care they need, so she took a job that paid only $35,000 because she felt her calling more important than representing corporations in tax evasion cases even though it doesn't pay as much. She was only able to do this because her father generously offered to pay off her student loans.
@_date: 2015-03-10 08:55:31
My favorite part is all the comments from the desperate doge-holders asking to be included.
"Please acknowledge we exist, Please!"
That train skipped track a year ago.  
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:02:25
That is a fair criticism. However, I don't believe it is as much of a concern as it used to be.  MtGox and equally inept exchanges were major players during the last crash. Most btc at that time was held by individuals.
Now, there are much more institutional holders of BTC that cannot sell all of their holdings in a couple of hours in the event of a sudden price drop and exchanges are also going to take a while to shut down.  If you have a plan in place and your alarms start going off, I think you won't have a problem getting out before larger investors with corporate procedures to follow are able to make the call.  
If you are an individual investor who has a lot on the line, you should be much more diligent in following your alarms in the face of serious risk.  If you can do that, you'll come out ok.  If you are a gambler that cannot control impulses, even if set in stone beforehand, then you shouldn't be in such a volatile market.
@_date: 2015-03-20 00:56:40
That's crap.  Obvious packpedal, but he even says "police" in his backpedal, which is still complete BS.  Police have NOTHING to do with enforcing contracts.  Contracts are civil cases and violating a contract is not a crime - it potentially gives rise to a civil suit for money damages, but that's it.
I think D'Angelo is one of the best instructors out there.  If I were still in school, I'd happily sit through a couple semesters of his lectures.  He just missed the mark here - badly, and should've owned up and moved on.
@_date: 2015-03-11 05:40:11
No kidding.  People still used the phonebook in 1995.  Trying to convince some friends/family that the internet and email had value wasn't always easy.  
56k (through a landline) was big-time speed that you could brag about.  The net was mostly email, porn, news and chatrooms at that point.  We still used "large" (5.25") and "small" (3.5") floppy disks.  
I bought a PowerMac clone in 1995 and spent hours installing software by slowly loading and switching install disks that came on, say, 12 or 8 small floppys per program and spent hundreds of dollars on 4mb and 8mb RAM card memory upgrades.
@_date: 2015-10-18 10:44:58
Sounds kind of like OpenBazaar.
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:53:00
"cryptocoins" does not rhyme with "blockchains"
@_date: 2016-05-24 07:40:54


In the U.S., fundamentalist republicans enjoy the same disproportionate influence on our country's policy and also like to impose their rules on others while thinking their "moral superiority" means they are above following the same rules . (Nukes, anyone?)  I'm sure that's not news to you, since our nations' extremists are very closely aligned and probably wouldn't still exist without their mutual support for each other.
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:18:27
News flash: Hillary lost the election. If you want to have more investigations, knock yourself out. Maybe the 30 years of Investigations she's been under is not enough.  I've never been a fan of hers and only voted for her because she was the lesser of two evils, so if she did something that causes her to spend time in prison, that's fine with me. But I have also been around since Clinton was elected (first election I was old enough to vote in) and I know that they have been under the microscope since 1991 and continue to work in government and were always under scrutiny (imagine living 30 years and not being able to leave your house without cameras following you) so I kind of doubt a new round of nutty accusations like running a pedophile sex ring in the basement of a DC pizza shop.  
I know the right is obsessed with the Clintons. But Trump is President and I really don't care what the person who is not president is up to right now. I am much more concerned about the criminal in the Oval Office who lets Russian spies in with recording equipment.   Really, what do you think you're going to get with this Clinton bullshit? Nobody cares about them, their careers are over.  You're just looking for anything to take the focus off of trump.     
You'reâ€‹ eating up the MSM bullshit that Trump is feeding his sheep.  You know that fox dominates the media markets, don't you? The whole MSM thing is more propaganda for the sheep. Not a surprise.  
Baaaaa 
@_date: 2017-05-12 23:57:51
Fuck you
@_date: 2017-05-05 01:11:36
The government can take that feeling away, when it kicks you off of its land if you fail to pay your property taxes.. 
@_date: 2015-03-18 12:07:09
I know, dude.  That's why I wrote what I did.  
I disagreed with you because I think you are wrong.  I didn't misread your post, or jump to crazy conclusions - I just pointed out that you are wrong.  You are the one who had trouble comprehending and insisted on this ridiculous exchange to restate the obvious.  (Your utopian world-vision of sunday-school-and-xanax righteousness is a kick, but I live in a world with crime, prisons, war and hate - not all human nature is good.)
TL;DR  I know what you said.  I know what I said.  You are still wrong.
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:38:42
How does that work for Dutch with non-Dutch debt in the EU?  Confusing question, but I'm trying to ask: if a Dutch person were to incur debt with a non-Dutch entity in the EU, would the debt still be passed on to heirs? For example,  if he incurred a credit card debt from a Belgian credit card company, would that debt still be enforceable against the heirs after he dies?
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:17:37
I don't see an immediate threat for BTC either.  Ether is the strongest competitor and, thankfully, it has found its own niche in B2B records and smart contracts that doesn't compete directly with BTC.   Litecoin is the closest thing to BTC, but it uses BTCs blockchain and BTC can adopt anything Litecoin develops if it turns out to be successful.  If BTC fails, so does litecoin, so it doesn't serve as much of a hedge
@_date: 2017-07-25 19:09:02
Same with the limits - all customers know the terms of their account and know from day one about their withdrawal limits (which are different than buy limits and I'm not sure if they are being confused on this thread at times). You have no right to complain about a service that you voluntarily sign up for. If these people did not like the terms of withdrawals, they could have had their Bitcoin of a different account, but they were happy with coinbase at some point and decided to put their money there.
That is why I made the point about the email notices. Customers have had months to take their bitcoin out and put it somewhere else that has terms they agree with. Complaining at the last second that you didn't do something on time is not an excuse.
 I'm not even saying that I agree with their terms of withdrawal, I'm just saying that no customer can complain about terms that have been out in the open and known since the day the account was opened.  Anyone who doesn't like the terms can go elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-05-25 07:26:13
China doesn't have many "real" users.  There are just a handfull of miners who (were smart and/or very lucky to maneuver themselves into their current position of dominance) have waaay to much influence over the expansion debate and, imo are responsible for the impasse because they are more concerned about reaping immediate profit than long-term investment in the technology. (Probably result of uncertainty in non-capitalist state-controlled governance that breeds no confidence in the future.)
@_date: 2017-05-27 03:34:36
Me thrice - there's gotta be eleventy of us by now
@_date: 2015-10-18 08:54:23
Spend some time on to learn the ropes.
You already got the best advice, which is to practice for a few months before you try with real money.
@_date: 2015-03-18 11:35:42
I did read the previous comment.  It said it was human nature.  Then, you said, it's not human nature because [the chip-makers] "aren't normal."
I wrote my post and said I disagreed with you because greed is human nature and the chip-makers are normal (greedy) people.
Not sure why you have a problem with that.  
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:43:25


He either 1) deposited the cash into one of his bank accounts and gave the seller a check for the home,  or 2) he found a seller that would accept $75,000 in greenbacks for the house.
If 1 - his bank would have kept records of his deposits and would likely inform the IRS once he began depositing over  $10K in cash.
If 2 - the seller would need to disclose the source of the cash when he deposited the $75k into one of his accounts.  
The only way around this would be through number 2 and OP would need a seller who agreed to not only take cash, but also to never deposit the cash into any financial institution, which means the seller would basically needs to be in on it.  Not many people sell homes for cash bills and also agree to never deposit the cash bills at any time after the sale.


Because people who buy homes with a mortgage always take advantage of the mortgage interest deduction on their tax returns because it is by far the largest deduction most people will ever see and it is available every year for people who have mortgages.  If the IRS sees someone who has a mortgage but who is not taking the mortgage interest deduction on their tax returns, it would be a red flag to the IRS.
 
@_date: 2017-05-11 11:20:11


Would the IRS know he bought it in cash?
I'm not talking about following the money trail. I mean that specific transaction. Would there be any indication of it being a cash transaction? Is there something recorded in the title or deed that states it was a cash deal?
Not specifically, but by process of deduction.  If a home purchase is financed, the title and deed recorded in deeds/records office will show info on the mortgage because the mortgage lender is the true owner until it is paid off, so the lender is on the deed/title.
Therefore, if you do not see a mortgage in the county records office, you know the buyer paid cash or some other means (trade/barter, etc.) that did not require financing. 


They perform audits all of the time.  Some audits are random, some are based on investigation/red flags and there is also a whistle-blower program. If someone rats out a tax cheat to the IRS, they will get paid 15% - 30% of the taxes the IRS collects on their tip.  Ex-wives, ex-girlfriends or anyone else that wants to ruin your day can just call the IRS and tell them that you've been cheating taxes.
They can also issues fines and late fees without doing a full audit. This happens all the time and most of it is computer-generated.  It usually happens when a tax form involving numerous entities is submitted by some entities and not others.  A simple example is an employee's 1099s from work or interest from investment accounts.  Say you have 4 jobs one year, but one only lasted 2 days and you completely forget about it and didn't get a 1099 in the mail because that workplace had your old address.  Unbeknownst to you, that employer filed a 1099 with the IRS for your two days of work.  4 years later, you get a letter from the IRS saying you failed to report your income for those two days and you should have paid $27.89 in taxes, plus a $1,000 penalty and 4 years of late fees at 4% = $895.62.  That happened to me one year I was in college and didn't follow-up to find my 1099 or update my address at my old job.  
10 years later, the same thing happened to me on a tax bill of less than $100 when I moved and didn't get a 1099 from a mutual fund company after I closed a very small account - under $100.  But, the IRS computers eventually got around to trying to match up the 1099 filed by the mutual fund company with a person's tax return and they found that I didn't pay the tax on some interest income from an investment.
So, yes, there are all kinds of things out of your control that can lead to the IRS looking in to your file.  Once they are in there, if they see other problems, they will look into them further.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:12:28
My parents are boomers in their 70s and they bought their first btc in 2014.
Regardless of age, 60 minutes is not going to be a tutorial on purchasing.
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:30:45
 Even though you may not understand the problem, believing the worst source will never lead you to the solution.
@_date: 2017-07-25 05:02:54
Easy - you don't have the whole story.   Coinbase sent all of its customers an email 2 months ago stating their intentions of the upcoming fork and suggested that all of its account holders remove their btc from their coinbase accounts prior to the fork if they did not want to follow coinbase determination and to have full control of their coins. They even advised us to do it well ahead of time due to increase traffic and slow downs near the deadline. 
Coinbase then sent another email to all of us about 2 weeks ago reminds again and warning of the deadline. I think coinbase has been very fair and went out of their way to tell their own customers to drain their accounts just to prevent this situation.
2nd email text:
Dear Coinbase Customer,
We are contacting you to make you aware of recent developments in a number of proposals for technical changes to Bitcoin.Â All BTC stored on Coinbase will remain safe during these events described below.
The User Activated Hard Fork (UAHF) is a proposal to increase the Bitcoin block size scheduled to activate on August 1. The UAHF is incompatible with the current Bitcoin ruleset and will create a separate blockchain. Should UAHF activate on August 1, Coinbase will not support the new blockchain or its associated coin.
The User Activated Soft Fork (UASF) is a proposal to adopt Segregated Witness on the Bitcoin blockchain and could result in network instability. It is scheduled to activate at the same time as the UAHF.
To ensure the safety of customersâ€™ funds, we willÂ temporarily suspendBTC deposits, withdrawals, and buy/sell starting approximately 4 hours before activation of either fork.
If youÂ do not wishÂ to have access to UAHF coins, and do not wish to access your BTC during the fork, you are not required to take any action.
If youÂ do wishÂ to have access to UAHF coins or access your BTC during the fork, you should send your BTC from Coinbase to your external address by July 31.
For more information on these potential Bitcoin forks, please refer to this article:Â 
Thank you,
Coinbase TeamÂ 
Check out ourÂ Status PageÂ andÂ TwitterÂ for the latest updates from Coinbase.
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:50:29
That's what I thought.  The story sounded like the introduction to a larger article that doesn't exist.  Shitty editing.
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:14:28
I don't think they dislike BTC, they just have a competing product.
When you have options to donate to Wikipedia and those options include visa/mc, paypal &amp; amazon, it makes amazon a competitor with Bitcoin, even with something as benign as charity donations.
Accordingly, amazon will do what they can to own as much of that market as possible, even if it means doing something as subtle as not allowing BTC to be used for purchases on the Amazon website.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:58:36
Though I'm on Ed &amp; Ethan's side, I thought their interview with Schiff was horrible.  They repeatedly lost their cool and got argumentative while Schiff kept his cool and remained professional.
Too bad the better argument came off so bad due to their delivery.  If I didn't know anything about btc and tuned into this show, my natural tendency would be to side with the guy who wasn't throwing a tantrum.
@_date: 2013-11-12 12:39:43
I think one of Bitcoin's most valuable features on the global scale is the pure democratization of money that is not tied to any government.  This has huge value in the third world.
Same as with PGP encryption, necessity will drive adoption.  (I bet more Egyptian 25 year-olds know how to encrypt an email than American 25 year-olds.)  Same will be true with bitcoin.
An easy example would be North Korea.  As the internet finds its way in, South Koreans could send money to family up North without the government knowing.  "Bad" governments can no longer control money.
It will also make global business much more efficient now that the internet gives everyone access to the entire world.  For example, how does a businessman in Angola order a shipment of goods from a seller in Uzbekistan?  They have to decide on a currency, whether it be Angolan, Uzbekistani, US Dollar, or something else.  Some nation's banks hold up transfers of money (try getting a Dollar out of Mt.Gox and look at their excuse for why).  Then, they have to figure out a method for transferring the money: bank transfer, check, paypal, etc.
Bitcoin solves everything.  Now the entire world can do business instantaneously and privately.  
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:40:37
There are many.  Fungibility is a primary feature of cash.  It is instantly tradeable by anyone who holds it.  In the universe of monetary and payment systems, cash's "function" is instant liquidity.  
If you search, you'll find many common law cases about cash and fungibility.  The question presented by the guys in the article is whether Bitcoin can retain the same fungibility as cash.  As noted, BTC transactions do leave a trail (true cash has no trail), so it will be interesting to watch governments push to regulate the trail to preserve their interests of taxation and law enforcement.
Like many here, I'm on the side of no regulation.  I love the idea of an international unregulated currency, but we have to realize that governments around the world are going to attempt to get their hands on the money, and there will be more hurdles.  Thankfully, since the shut-down of Napster, there is a fairly good record of the futility of attempting to regulate P2P transactions.  
@_date: 2013-12-02 01:15:08
Same here.  $750 was my buy number today and we didn't even get close.  
It's a dilemma as a buy-and-hold conservative.  You want a big dip to buy more, but you are just as happy with the continued meteoric rise. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:50:08
In junior high, Iron Maiden confirmed the number of the beast is 666.
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:50:36
Don't forget the editorial in [Forbes naming 2013: The Year of the Bitcoin.](
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:15:05
. . . which were invented in California.
@_date: 2013-12-24 10:59:25
It won't be long before we see insurance options for bitcoin, similar to the FDIC and credit card protections.  
It will be better, though, because it will be optional and customized.  If you are confident in your Bitcoin usage and security, you can choose to not pay any insurance fees - just as it is now - and rely on your own ability.  
Or, you will be able to add a few satoshis to a transaction to obtain the security you desire.  There are endless ways to move and protect bitcoin.  
The fear-mongers who are warning about how difficult and risky bitcoin is to use fail to realize that this won't be an issue 6-12 months from now.  We'll have many competitors to Coinbase modeled after online banking that are safe and accessible to the casual user - even on their phones.  Serious users will still benefit from their DIY knowledge to achieve greater levels of security.   Everybody wins.
@_date: 2013-12-25 20:40:33
I agree with your post except for your praise for the reporter.  She came off as completely uninformed, which isn't so bad in itself (if you have an open mind), but worse, she was pushing old falsehoods like "the limit of only 21 million coins" and "no tangible coin - just some long stream of numbers," etc.
@_date: 2013-12-10 00:10:56
Not only that - he was around for the gold standard and the debate surrounding it at the height of the argument.
I don't agree with his idea of returning to the gold standard, but I respect his knowledge on the topic.  Despite being an M.D. and not a MBA/Finance guy, he knew more about monetary policy than just about anyone else when he was in the House.
@_date: 2013-11-17 03:10:45
Yes, but $5.00 worth of BTC today could be worth much more a year from now.  Not true for the dollar.  If you the option of holding on to either the dollar or the BTC, I would prefer the BTC.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:45:56
OP said Chase is holding on to $20,000 of OP's money "until the risk of charge-backs clear up."
You can't just close your account and walk away in these situations - those fuckers will hold your money hostage until they choose to give it back, or you choose to file suit against them (which would probably cost around $20,000).  They have seriously got some of their customers by the balls.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:18:51
Great news.  Gonna have to look into this further.
@_date: 2013-12-01 10:27:18
I imagine that sooner or later one of these companies will provide insured accounts, much like the FDIC, but from a private insurer.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:29:20
It seems you held quite a victorious debate in your head; you should fill the rest of us in if you are trying to make a point.
My best guess is that you think BTC will fail because owners of BTC will no longer invest in corporations or industry, because they would rather just keep their BTC in their mattress and let it appreciate.
Rather, Bitcoin will stabilize eventually and its use as a currency will grow and it won't be but a few years until Bitcoin's fluctuations are similar to other world currencies and within acceptable limits.  We won't lose out on capital investment because there will be investment opportunities with potential for greater profit and potentially more stable.  
This will happen after time and there is no reason to see BTC as mutually exclusive to any other currency, nor will BTC wipe out the world's currencies.  They can work together concurrently into perpetuity.  Hell, BTC's most similar "competing" currency/store of wealth right now is gold and I don't expect that gold will be valueless anytime soon. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 01:26:47
It looks like China is back up - fiatleak is showing a buying spree out of China right now.  Probably the reason BTC bounced up $100 real quick and is holding steady.
China's huge interest in the past 6 weeks has been an amazing boost for Bitcoin.  I'm hoping that other markets jump in on this sooner rather than later.  What is holding up Africa and India?  You'd think Bitcoin would be able to fill immediate needs there.
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:32:29
Do you know if credit unions work as well/at all with Coinbase?
I haven't looked into it yet and I have been wanting to switch to a credit union for a while now, but probably wont if they don't work with Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-12-01 10:08:03
Remember you are talking about casual users here.  These users expect a service like Coinbase to handle their account like similar businesses do, such as Bank of America or Charles Schwab.  They know their money is safe elsewhere and accessible on their computer with online banking.
These types of users aren't familiar with the security and back-up procedures required of BTC.  It scares them, they don't want to try to learn it (especially at the risk of losing money) and they want it done for them.  Frankly, for Bitcoin to succeed, these types of businesses will need to succeed in safely storing people's money.  I don't see Bitcoin going mainstream if all users need to learn how to safely store their coin with current procedures. A lot of people just aren't up to it.
We should encourage companies like Coinbase to build a secure storage of money that is as simple for people to use as their online banking.  Until then, Bitcoin will remain in the hands of a few and won't come into popular use as a common currency.
@_date: 2013-12-10 01:07:54
I just watched the 7:45 interview.  Not much interesting about Bitcoin was discussed.
Basically, he said that the dollar is at risk of failing at any moment and people are looking for safer, non-fiat investments which include gold &amp; Bitcoin.
Nothing new, really.  At least it was some positive exposure for BTC.
@_date: 2013-12-24 09:41:00
I'll do it for $29-249, in *mocha* java.
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:03:35
That's what I was saying - we really do pay as much, (and more for the lower income brackets.)  Which is kind of sad - you make $5,000 and the gov't still wants a %.  On top of that, you will see higher tax rates for the wealthier people, but as you gain more wealth, there are more loopholes available to you to pay less taxes.  
This is why Mitt Romney pissed a lot of people off by bragging that he only pays 13%.  Warren Buffet has commented that the tax system is so unfair as illustrated by the fact that his maid pays more taxes than he does.  Unbelievable.  We still have a monarchy in the US, instead of royalty, we have rich families.
For comparison, here is a couple of 2013 Federal Tax brackets (remember, this is just federal.  There is still State, sales and the other taxes I listed):       
Single Filing Status
[Tax Rate Schedule X, Internal Revenue Code section 1(c)]
    10% on taxable income from $0 to $8,925, plus
    15% on taxable income over $8,925 to $36,250, plus
    25% on taxable income over $36,250 to $87,850, plus
    28% on taxable income over $87,850 to $183,250, plus
    33% on taxable income over $183,250 to $398,350, plus
    35% on taxable income over $398,350 to $400,000, plus
    39.6% on taxable income over $400,000.
Married Filing Jointly or Qualifying Widow(er) Filing Status
[Tax Rate Schedule Y-1, Internal Revenue Code section 1(a)]
    10% on taxable income from $0 to $17,850, plus
    15% on taxable income over $17,850 to $72,500, plus
    25% on taxable income over $72,500 to $146,400, plus
    28% on taxable income over $146,400 to $223,050, plus
    33% on taxable income over $223,050 to $398,350, plus
    35% on taxable income over $398,350 to $450,000, plus
    39.6% on taxable income over $450,000.
Married Filing Separately Filing Status
[Tax Rate Schedule Y-2, Internal Revenue Code section 1(d)]
    10% on taxable income from $0 to $8,925, plus
    15% on taxable income over $8,925 to $36,250, plus
    25% on taxable income over $36,250 to $73,200, plus
    28% on taxable income over $73,200 to $111,525, plus
    33% on taxable income over $111,525 to $199,175, plus
    35% on taxable income over $199,175 to $225,000, plus
    39.6% on taxable income over $225,000.
Head of Household Filing Status
[Tax Rate Schedule Z, Internal Revenue Code section 1(b)]
    10% on taxable income from $0 to $12,750, plus
    15% on taxable income over $12,750 to $48,600, plus
    25% on taxable income over $48,600 to $125,450, plus
    28% on taxable income over $125,450 to $203,150, plus
    33% on taxable income over $203,150 to $398,350, plus
    35% on taxable income over $398,350 to $425,000, plus
    39.6% on taxable income over $425,000.
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:13:10
I learned the same thing after living in Holland for a year in college in the mid-'90s.  
I was a born and bred true American who thought that we were the  country who did good in the world and that we were the only ones who knew about freedom, democracy and capitalism.
Then I lived in so-called "socialist" Europe.  It was probably the most important learning experience in my life and I still make it a priority to travel abroad.  I saw that Western Europe was more free (in terms of personal freedoms) than we are.  There, the cops stay out of people's way unless they are asked for help or there is a legitimate safety issue to address.  
Not like the US, where the cops are constantly looking for you to do something wrong so they can arrest you.  (No matter how good of a driver you are in the States, you get nervous if you see a cop, because you know his mission is to find something wrong with your driving in order to pull you over and give you a ticket and maybe score a weed possession bust, too.)  I saw none of that attitude in the Netherlands.
Another huge eye-opener was taxes.  I thought since we were the "Capitalists" that the European "Socialists" would be paying a lot more in taxes than we do.  For the most part, the difference in taxation is not that great (well, Scandinavia is a bit high).   
But when you consider that in most states you are paying Federal &amp; State income taxes, State and/or city sales taxes, property taxes (real and business), and all sorts of little assessments like your driver's license fee or license plates fees and car registration, Americans typically pay over 40% of their incomes in taxes (unless you are rich enough to avoid them and further stick it to the working man).   
Europeans really don't pay *that* much more than we do.  But the MAJOR difference, is that the average citizen in Europe receives much more tangible and useful services, assistance and infrastructure improvements than Americans do.  So what is the difference if we are taxed the same?  Europeans spend their tax money improving the lives of their citizenry, America has spent our money on wars and a massive military instead.  
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:21:40
The media has done an amazingly poor job of reporting BTC performance.  You often hear the quote of BTC going "down to" $90 after the SilkRoad bust, or of a similar decline during the April crash.
They all fail to mention that BTC was valued under $20 all of 2012 and, despite the drops, the performance has been phenomenal. 
For perspective, see this [July 2012 article about BTCs amazing rise to $9.  ("Price Soars"!!)](
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:23:53
Wikipedia shouldn't need help with this.  When you are on Wikipedia's donate page/window, there should be a Bitcoin tab right next to the "credit card" "pay pal" and "amazon(wtf?)" tabs.  
It is nice that BitPay is helping, but there is no reason that they should need to.  Bitcoin should be an option on Wikipedia already.  Bitcoin should be a payment option on amazon, too.  (Notice the conflict of interest?  Amazon will do everything in it's power to kill BTC.  Amazon has been historically ruthless with its competitors - if you are going to be a true-believer in Bitcoin, you are necessarily going up against amazon.)
I have donated to Wikipedia in the past.  I will donate again as soon as they have a Bitcoin payment option.
@_date: 2013-12-01 18:06:19
That is because stock market insurance would supposedly cover you from loss of value of stock - not from theft of money from your bank's servers.
Bitcoin insurance would not need to cover you for loss of value of BTC, just replace your dollar value if there were a theft of your BTC from their wallet service.  The insurance companies would come up with security protocols that companies would need to implement to be sufficiently safe and then the actuaries will figure the risk.  
Just because there is an investment aspect of BTC that is similar to stocks, does not mean that Bitcoin's value as a store of wealth can't be insured like other wealth storage services.  Your Picasso example illustrates this perfectly.  
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:34:43
Africa has problems - but those problems should encourage Bitcoin adoption.  Even though many are poor, there is still a business class of people that keep the countries (barely) running.
They are crippled by inflationary currency (trillion dollar bills in Zimbabwe, etc).  BTC can solve that by providing a common deflationary currency that the entire continent can do business with instantly with very low fees and no currency conversion fees.
[Smartphones are taking over Africa and providing internet access]( which will help btc spread. (BTC can also be sent &amp; received through SMS texts.)  Africa also does a lot of trade with China, so as the Chinese adopt it, BTC should be a natural fit.  BTC has huge potential in Africa.
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:56:34
I'm also looking to get something more advanced and faster than coinbase.
How did you choose between btc-e and campbx?  I'm in the US, so campBX appeals to me in that respect. . . . Otherwise? 
@_date: 2013-12-28 08:30:06
The guy who talks in the cartoonish deep voice on youtube needs to go too.  We need more mature representatives.