@_author: dkreezy
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:20:58
have you actually tried? the way gox phrases their policy, it seems that gox-to-gox transfers would not require verification
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:42:58
newsflash: the way bitcoin is purchased/exchanged has proven to be a goldmine for hackers/dishonest business people. it is already ruining the legitimacy of bitcoin. Whether or not this comes in time to deal with the mtgox fiasco (it probably won't), a 'protocol' for subverting the protocol when necessary must be established or else we're going to see an epidemic of massive scams and/or market manipulation using stolen/seized bitcoin.
edit: The unimpeachable nature of the blockchain, while a good method to draw in early adopters, is not the most valuable aspect of bitcoin. time will prove this is the case for cryptocurrency in general. just as the blockchain is propagated in a distributed fashion, there will be a way to alter it in a distributed fashion. does the current bitcoin protocol enforce the distributed model well enough to accomplish this? if not (i don't think it does), that causes undeniable problems independent of your opinions about the virtues of blockchain modification.
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:16:01
well... they would be in a gray area at best. even if this wouldn't qualify as insider trading, it would certainly be some kind of fraud. Manipulating the stock market is illegal, I see no reason manipulating a BTC exchange would be allowed.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:08:12


Well that's patently false. any activity out of marks addresses from this point on constitutes fraud and there's no reason to honor it. it comes down to convincing mining pools of this fact.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:38:12
the protocol has been forked before in the past year or so, no?
A system for modifying the blockchain is inevitable, just saying. Maybe it can't be devised fast enough to be done now but I guarantee something like this happens in the future. lost, stolen, and seized bitcoin all open the door for catastrophic market manipulation.
Yes, forks are scary and disruptive but they are gonna happen whether you like it or not. To treat it as an automatically catastrophic event guarantees that bitcoin will eventually fail (when a fork becomes unavoidable)
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:28:40
i'm not sure what you mean... mark's addresses are traceable since he proved ownership however long ago (years i think), right?. are you saying he has consistently used a 3rd party mixing service since then and so the trail is cold? if he "mixed" them himself, he'd have to do it well enough to make his transfers indistinguishable from transfers paid out to customers. I think if anything is clear from this whole debacle it's that mark ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. it probably wouldn't be too difficult to track down the majority of gox's addresses. just to be clear i was never talking about recovering the stolen btc, i'm talking about seizing or destroying (spending to a dummy address) the btc that remains in mark's control
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:19:17
i felt the same way about charlie shrem / bitinstant...
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:05:32
Thanks for the address
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:51:46
i'm still in the black with my bitcoin investment, and furthermore i'm not whining. you clearly don't understand the repercussions this can have and likely will have on bitcoins future.
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:17:32
perhaps they want the price to get so low, that when they reopen withdrawals there is a stampede to buy btc on gox at the crazy low price! that would be a good strategy to bounce back from near catastrophic failure, hypothetically.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:44:04
if illegal activity did occur that might hold up withdrawals longer. I agree with you, and furthermore I don't think there's any chance that they are running away with the money as such.
@_date: 2014-07-25 12:48:05
a large investment financed with bitcoin would mean a large sale of bitcoin, which would typically result in a (temporarily) lower price. Is Bitcoin 'converted' (sidechain?) into ether? or simply traded for it?
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:04:50
i honestly don't expect to actually get my coins back. i do think steps need to be taken to plan for similar events in the future, and that this event provides a good case study to figure out what changes in protocol must occur.  is mining needs to be altered because bitcoin mining is no longer distributed sufficiently. mark my words, bitcoin will die and be replaced by altcoins if it doesn't revamp mining to curtail monopolization in the next 5 years. alternatively, it will be co-opted by the international banking industry. I think death would be preferable.
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:07:05
yea now that I see Ether is being sold exclusively for Bitcoin you'd be right.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:57:06
honestly changing the hashing algorithm would make mining start to once again resemble the distributed model it was supposed to enforce, so that's a bad comparison to make.
the irreversibility of the blockchain successfully attracted the ancaps, libertarians, and cryptanarchists who made up the majority of early adopters. it is not sustainable. anyone who thinks bitcoin will exist in its current protocol in 10 years is in denial - and i'm not just talking about bugs, rather serious design flaws.
@_date: 2013-11-20 04:39:19
@_date: 2013-11-20 04:09:29
The current bitcoin mining protocol does very little to enforce the distributed model of transaction verification that many tout as one of its top selling points. As such the government could get involved in mining and get paid its taxes in the form of transaction fees. You're talking about bitcoin killing the dollar and if that were to happen you'd see the banking industry be replaced by government regulated superpowered mining institutions. They have the resources to losslead in order to drive out independent miners. People forget that mining racks up an electric bill and, guess what, electric companies are also regulated by the government. in addition to revenue, government monopoly on mining would enable them to exclude transactions flagged as illegal. Regulators are too shortsighted to see that the bitcoin protocol as it currently exists is the IRS's wet dream in the long term.
While all this should calm your fears, I personally question the necessity and efficacy of the fractional reserve system and monetary policy in general. Compared to what can be accomplished by working with the right digital currency, it's very handwavey. Too much room for moral hazard, as the subprime mortgage crises illustrated. Either way, digital currency in and of itself doesn't directly threaten either of our visions for capitalism. If anything, Bitcoin specifically lends itself better to your vision of Keynesian government intervention in the economy and fractional reserve banking than my vision of a currency that is simultaneously stable and free, independent of whatever coercion the government wants use to regulate commerce.
On another note, quantitative easing is a perversion of wealth redistribution (something that I, probably to your surprise, believe in). It's a sneaky, hidden tax that distributes the collected wealth to profit seeking banks instead of directly to the pockets of consumers... All the while under the guise of promoting the general welfare.