@_author: dlan4327
@_date: 2014-09-09 11:10:55
In the US, I suppose. How many are there? Also, to use a Bit coin ATM, doesn't that mean you must have a Bitcoin account/wallet online somewhere? Also who issues you an ATM card to use at Bitcoin ATM's? Also I don't foresee employers who will pay their employees via Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-08 13:39:04
I actually agree with you but via different points. Whilst I think people not caring about Bitcoin is important, I believe the reason why they don't care is more related to it's ability to acquire &amp; use than it is about it's basic nature.
Speaking as a layperson who has only ever used Bitcoins once via Coinjar it is most definitely NOT SIMPLE TOO USE &amp; TRANSACT WITH. Also I don't think anonymity via currency is a hot button issue for the average shoppers although I could be wrong.
It took me quite a while just to figure out how to acquire bitcoins &amp; I like to think I'm at least reasonably savvy in terms of googling for information that I don't understand. At first I wanted to just buy some bitcoins. I couldn't figure out how for the life of me. There was info on mining. I still am utterly lost about that. How do I even mine Bitcoins? Also what is the rate of pay for mining? Is it an hourly wage? Is it based on how many transactions your computer processes?
I download a wallet program. Still stumped. The wallet is supposed to hold coins. However it never had any simple, easy to use button saying *click here to purchase bitcoins*. Again foiled. I had a wallet but no way to acquire funds. An empty wallet with no way to fill it is like a car minus the engine. Pointless.
So I found some online Bitcoin exchanges &amp; sites. I didn't want to go in half cocked. I had zero interest in investing because I can easily see the whole thing crumbling like a house of cards. Nevertheless I wanted info so I began emailing questions of to various sites. 
This is an answer I received along with some links, when I queried about how Bitcoins transactions are processed &amp; why they can be listed as *pending*: **Bitcoin transactions are first relayed to the "blockchain" this is then processed by a set of peers then finally confirmed once a new block in the blockchain has been generated**.
Now I'm not denying real world currencies are way more convoluted than that and go through their own myriad processes. However the average consumer doesn't have to think about that. Wave card over reader. Done. That's how real world money works, without any knowledge. It's so easy to open an account, get a credit card. Heck, that's why the world is in financial strife, it's too easy to spend.
The bottom line is, Bitcoin requires knowledge. I eventually discovered easy online sites like Coinjar or CoinBase etc. However even at it's easiest, Bitcoins requires you to first put in a set amount of real world currency, then use that money to purchase bitcoin, which comes in a very strange exchange rate leaving you confused as to how much you've actually acquired.
Then you finally have Bitcoin &amp; you have to select your website that uses it &amp; make your purchase. So for the price of merely plenty of your time &amp; effort spent in research plus exchanged real world currency you can have anonymity. Or you can say fuck it, I'll pay with cash.
Bitcoin is very niche. It's popular among the type of people who are prepared to invest time &amp; money. Most shoppers just want to buy things simply, quickly &amp; easily. Think about the Block chain &amp; relaying transactions etc. Now think about Visa or Mastercard &amp; waving them little piece of plastic, a flick of the wrist &amp; you've just bought your new shirt or dress etc.
We'll see how it all unfolds, though. I'm not writing it off just yet but the way the current economy works, I think Bitcoin will remain a niche market for a very long time, yet.
@_date: 2014-09-30 16:46:04
Disagree. I see a lot of hate on reddit for PayPal. I use eBay a lot. PayPal has saved my ass many times, as a buyer &amp; as a purchaser. Also I get that htey have fees but I consider it part &amp; parcel of any service. Considering eBay has helped me get my money back when I got scammed by a guy selling a fake iPhone with minimal effort on my part, the fees are justified.
@_date: 2017-01-05 09:33:54
Doesn't matter. You should still have your hands on the wheel and your feet ready to brake. The system is still buggy.