@_author: dm1n1c
@_date: 2016-08-08 19:36:28
I keep sending you the same PM for days (you said resend and I did). Please can you answer, thanks.
@_date: 2016-08-02 22:50:40
Ditto. Please confirm what % of customer deposits that is. We need this information so we can stop second guessing our losses.
Thank you.
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:12:39
Just to say zane, thanks for your efforts. I wish you guys hadn't been hacked but since the unfortunate event you have been handling this in an exemplary manner thus far. Your transparency is much appreciated.
Final tuppence: I had funds with you. I understand there will be difficult questions regarding the apportioning of losses. For example, will they be socialized, and if so, should socialized losses extend to non-Bitcoin holdings (hard to justify imo, but no doubt you guys are weighing the pros and cons in great detail). Whatever route you choose, a portion of the community are going to be angry and a sub-portion of those angry people will resort to legal means to try and recover their funds. Such legal processes will already be in motion behind the scenes. However, I implore you not to capitulate and act before they tie your hands through injunctions or force you into bankruptcy. What these people do not understand in their fury and panic is that if you guys are forced into liquidation *nobody will get anything*. The lawyers will drag out proceedings for years charging $600 an hour all the while saying it's very difficult to decide how to divide remaining funds until there is nothing or little remaining. For example, how many of the remaining Gox funds have been distributed?... for these reasons I encourage you to be brave for the community as a whole, forge ahead with difficult decisions and allow people to retrieve funds before you become unable to return them. Furthermore, I encourage you not to give up and try and keep Bitfinex running. You will need to incorporate new team members or partners to prove to people that these security breaches will not occur again (saying you have learned from the experience will not be enough) but if you can do that I believe - despite what people may be telling you - significant loyalty will remain. You guys are definitely not Gox and people who have traded successfully at finex for years will stick with you if the right decisions are made. Keep going and be brave!
@_date: 2016-08-02 22:33:54
People need to understand the scale of their personal losses.
1. It looks like ~1% of all bitcoins stolen 
2. What percentage of the total bitcoins you hold does that represent?
@_date: 2015-08-24 08:41:50
In fairness, cryptography can look very samey in C, and you need something like C++ (think Wei Dei Crypto++) to differentiate. But imo as a long time C coder, yes, there are similarities. *Lots* of other reasons to believe he was coder/Satoshi too, but not the sole architect/author of paper. Time will tell. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 20:59:32
DFINITY isn't a cryptocurrency. It's a "world compute platform" being built with a lot of new tech.
Cryptocurrency is rather 2008 imo, but anyway, as the designer of many the DFINITY protocols &amp; crypto techniques, I can tell you I'm more interested in price stable cryptocurrency that does not go to the moon (lol). Checkout PHI on that same website. 