@_author: dmter
@_date: 2018-01-09 22:10:12
So explain to me what happens when your channel lies to the network about your balance in the shared wallet?
1. Me and Node create shared wallet with A balance I move there
2. Let's say I spend some funds and my balance becomes B, B&lt;A. A this point, my Node and me store copies of token X proving this balance.
3. Let's say I decide to replenish my balance (or get paid by 3rd party)  by some other channel and my funds become C, C &gt; B. Now we both store token Y proving this latest balance.
4. Let's suppose my Node decides to scam me. Basically, it has cheated and saved another copy of token X. So, instead of replacing his copy of token X with copy of token Y at step 3, it saved token X aside from token Y.
Now, we have a situation. Technically, I am the only person who has proof that my balance is C where C &gt; B, and my Node can simply give the network token X to close the channel that gives me less funds than I actually own, and thus scam me out of my funds C-B. I receive less funds on-chain and Node receives his and some of my funds on-chain by terminating the channel.
Perhaps you'll say, well Me can still show my own copy of token Y to prevent fraudulent transaction X from being accepted into the block. (I highly doubt you can fix this by showing token Y after token X is accepted into the block because it could cause negative balances on chain)
But that basically assumes that I have to monitor mempool 24/7 to avoid being scammed. Or I have to trust my Node.
So where is that trustless network we were promised?
Oh and by the way, that also means I have to store my copy of latest token like it was my cold storage, because in case my Node loses all its data in some accident, I will have no way of recovering my funds. So not only I have to trust my Node ot to scam me, I also have to trust that its infrastructure is good enough to prevent any data loss accidents from happening. Or I have to keep my own infrastructure. Getting too compicated...
Please explain this, I really hope I am wrong somewhere here.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:01:01
Honestly I think "open source" term is not widely understood... I mean, if you want to benefit from something being open source, you must build the software yourself from the source and install this built package, not just grab a pre-built binary package from the store. Thie is the only way to make sure you get a version that you can study yourself to make sure there are no malign procedures in the binaries. 
Otherwise it does not matter if there is open source version of a program anywhere. The source code they built your binary package from might be entirely different from the one published and you would never know.
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:17:49
but if big blockers would have it their way can you imagine average miner to buy all the equipment needed to store petabytes of blockchain? Their idea of unlimited block size growth and "on chain coffee purchases" would lead to the situation where only dedicated mining businesses would be able to afford mining equipment and that is another form of centralization. 
Sure, they say that in the future storage and computation power will be cheap. They also said in the year 2100+ blockchain won't probably even exist so we should not care about problems with blockchain scaling at that time. Which shows us very clearly that they do not even care about the future of bitcoin, all they care about is profits here and now.
@_date: 2017-08-02 17:40:53
For now BitcoinCash looks like just another altcoin but the slight difference from other alt coins is that they decided to go with existing Blockchain, probably to make people who already had Bitcoins at the time of split to be involved with this new currency - it's just a kind of promotion.
Sure, BCC adepts will try to convince you otherwise. But let's look in the face of the facts, shall we? Here are some simple proofs that BCC is just another altcoin rather than BTC:
1. Most exchanges only list BTC, only some also list BitcoinCash. I am not aware if there are any pre-existing exchanges that now only list BitcoinCash and no BTC while they did list BTC pre-fork.
2. Price of BTC has not decreased much since fork, even though most people predicted it to fall to sub 2k since hordes of adopters will dump BTC for BitcoinCash. Still not happening...
3. BTC retained most hash power while BitcoinCash is struggling with difficulty adjustment even though they said they made sure it will adjust fast... Or I got it wrong. Anyway it's unusable now because of the difficulty to hash power ratio. Who neds large blocks if you still need tens of times more to confirm transaction? BTC is doing ok though.
Now let's, for the sake of the argument, say that I am neutral in this BTC vs BitcoinCash debate, so if you believe I got facts wrong then be welcome to show where I am wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:49:32
Live and learn.
Last time, when it peaked at $1500 and then fell to $100, I did as you suggest now (actually I sold almost everything at $500 but still). Regretting it. Learned from it. Never again. Hodl forever. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:45:32
I never invested actual fiat money into any cryptocurrency so I am not losing anything.
@_date: 2017-07-29 08:32:22
but how do you verify the result of the game on-chain? You can't just look at the internet site and check the page - it can be removed any time and then you can't validate the transaction in the future.
or if someone checks the sites and reports the result into the chain with his signature, how can you ensure that person is honest? what if he will report fake result of the game?