@_author: dnd_references
@_date: 2018-02-06 01:52:28
Nope, you're wrong.  Just because you want it to be that way doesn't mean it is.  There is a quantifiable risk with loaning you money for certain activities, and there are other mitigating factors, such as collateral.  A cash advance is risky, a home loan is less risky because there is collateral.  Loaning somebody money to gamble on the stock market (or something way more volatile) is not the purpose of a credit card, and they have every right to try not to end up in that business.  It's a risky behavior, you're borrowing money that there's a good chance you don't currently have (hence the line of credit), and you're spending it on something that could very easily disappear (no collateral).  That's the purpose of margin accounts -- which have different ways of dealing with risk, in that you need cash in the account and your margin can be called.  Your statement 


is basically nonsense.  That's like saying a bank shouldn't be able to charge you different interest rates for a small business loan and a home loan.  Utter nonsense.  If I could buy $25,000 worth of lottery tickets with my credit card and have zero dollars in the bank, who do you think is stuck holding the bag when I can't pay for it?
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:46:49
The financial illiteracy in this thread is astounding
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:44:31
It's because if you were able to buy lottery tickets at the same APR as you can buy something you need they would lose tons of money to addicts who can't pay it back.  They charge a premium for cash advances because its riskier debt.  You can't repossess a spent lottery ticket.  If you want to borrow money to buy bitcoin, there's an entire separate set of industries and regulation around margin accounts.


If you're spending loaned money on something that can become worthless, they're taking a risk as well, because they have determined that on average there's a much higher chance you won't be able to pay that back.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:24:21
Nobelprize.org is the official Nobel Prize website.  The link I posted is to a white paper on predicting trends in various markets.  The research won the 2013 economics nobel prize.  Unfortunately they only have the document in PDF form. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:35:24
The article does note that it is entirely possible to predict long term trends, I'd its definitely worth a read for anyone who is considering getting into short term investments.