@_author: dneronique
@_date: 2011-08-27 17:06:57
It's ok, options are really funky to get used to at first.


Breaking it down:


A financial derivative derives its value from some underlying asset, for example stock. In this case, the underlying asset is the bitcoin exchange rate. 


(simplified to only buying an option)
This is easier to understand with a real world example. 
So say I bought this option: AAPL Jan12 400 c 
This translates to "I want to buy a contract with Apple as the underlying stock. The life of this contract ends the third week in September 2012. Any time between the time I buy this contract and the third week in January 2012, I can buy x shares of Apple stock for $400."
Just to make it clear
* In this situation, all the power is within the hands of the buyer (me) of the option.  This is what is meant by 'right but not obligation.' 
* The seller of this option has no rights. If I decide I want to exercise the option (execute the transaction) the seller has the obligation to do it. 
This means that the buyer of this option has LIMITED risk, and the seller has potentially UNLIMITED risk. Because of this, buying an option has its own price that is distinct from the price of the underlying. 
So as a buyer, in order to make money, the price of apple stock must exceed $400 + price paid for the option (called a premium), either before or on the expiration date (predetermined, in this case, the third week of January 2012). (Note that the bitcoin option exchange exercises all options on the same day, which is unusual)
If apple stock does *not* exceed $400 + price paid for the option before or on the expiry, as a buyer, I can walk away and only lose the initial investment of the price of the option. It is a lost, but limited. This is what the seller of the option wants: he still has the underlying stock, plus the price I paid for the option.
If apple stock for whatever reason jumps to $800, the seller is obligated to sell me the stock *at $400*. This is why the seller has (theoretically) unlimited risk. 
So look at the bitcoin 'option exchange' listing. This is called the 'Option Chain.' It lists all available contracts for the underlying - bitcoin rates - for every strike and expiry.
Call ask is the BUY price for that call option. (Just going to ignore puts for now)
Call bid is the SELL price for that call option.
Look at the first row. 
Strike: 1, Call bid: 7.6, Call ask: 10.02
This means that, if I buy this contract, I am willing to pay 10.02/option that the bitcoin/usd exchange will EXCEED $1 on Sep 24th 2011. This is highly likely, as the current rate is around $8.50. This is why these are the most expensive options on the call side. 
A more realistic bet would be buying a 9.5 October call option for $2.64. If I do so, I hope that the bitcoin rate on October 24th 2011 will be at the very least 9.5 + 2.64.
Options are popular because they can be used as insurance, and different strategies can be used to get different levels of risk for a certain position. I.e. both buyers and sellers of options can limit their risk, usually buy limiting their profit potential. But still, limited risk as awesome as unlimited risk is VERY BAD.
@_date: 2011-08-28 14:39:59
No probs. 
It just so happens that ivestopedia.com has just the answer you're looking for! 
[When do you sell a put/call option](
tl;dr - Like any investment, when they think they will lose more by not selling it.