@_author: dnick
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:22:20
They could, but probably not much incentive to, and it wouldn’t take away from BTC anyway.  
The lack of incentive, at least for cash and others, is that they claim the whole reason they were needed is because they addressed the problems with bitcoin and are ‘the solution’ themselves...to add ln themselves would be like admitting that they didn’t fix the issues they claim BTC has, in which case they are superfluous if they need the same ‘fix’.
If they ‘did’ add something similar or exactly like ln, that on its own would legitimize the btc ln, in which case the ‘first mover’ and high adoptions rates significantly favors btc.
Others, like ltc, are kind of in the same boat, but since they never claimed to be a bitcoin replacement, but more like a supplement, kind of like ln itself, if they add ln (I think ltc actually does have something like it? Or maybe they were just doing proof of concept for segwit?) then people will use it or not, but still in the same boat where, if ln works that good, we don’t need it on multiple coins.  
It’s still possible that fees on whatever the ln actually ends up looking like could be higher for btc than another coin, so it’s conceivable that lightning on a side coin is how things go, but it could be that the momentum behind btc is enough to make it the ‘store of value’ and the side coin is simply locked to a btc reference price.
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:51:35
Well, similar to how we found it inconvenient to lug around gold and shave off pieces of it to pay for things and came up with cash to handle the day to day stuff, the 'fix' the core team has in mind is to make it possible to do lots of transacting off chain with bitcoin being the master ledger and small transactions happening with almost zero lag and the blockchain settling them in batches.  
This could be done in a multitude of ways, including simply using any of dozens of different alt-coins that might not be fully trusted, but are 'good enough' to handle small transactions, and trading them for bitcoin.  If one coin breaks or is compromised people can migrate to a better one.  The core's main goal, though, is not a coin but a 'lightning network' which would handle things pretty much the same, but no alternate 'coin' involved...just a platform everyone can use to open a bitcoin 'channel'...it's mainly why segwit was implemented.
Basically, instead of making the ledger bigger and bigger as transactions increase (maybe  one of the biggest conceptual flaws of bitcoin) we make transactions smaller and smaller by bundling them into batches, maintaining all the benefits of a solid, tested, 'immutable', decentralized blockchain and still enable tiny, fast transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:29:07
Nobody said ‘this’ would happen, aside from basically everyone who vaguely said there would probably be price corrections.  
I don’t remember any naysayers saying ‘the price is going to back to $X dollars and stay there for a period of time before either going lower or going back up, or staying there for longer’.  There are plenty that said it will go to $0, some that it would go to $100,000, very few people who have said with any degree of knowing what they’re talking about who have specifically predicted any particular dip or rally.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:07:19
Well, you proved the “it’s possible” part...but not the part of it being worthwhile.  Your invalid ‘gotcha’ attempt was barely worth the length of the response. It was certainly not worth initiating ‘mobile device with proper punctuation’ mode.
As a conversation, though...I’d be interested to hear how you think ‘no government’ would work from a practicality standpoint with a population over, say, 1 million.  Or even better, what size population you think could sustain a no government approach.
@_date: 2018-01-15 17:40:25
what? as long as an update doesn't mess with an existing transaction, the immutable point would still be valid.
@_date: 2018-01-15 19:06:55
yes, but not necessarily competition for the given product.  I can't make a better steak and sell it based on it's merits of being better if the market is controlled by guys with bad steak and big guns.
@_date: 2018-01-30 06:11:34
Ok, first of all, suggesting someone should do the beginners work to learn your viewpoint is rather on the arrogant side.  Second, I have done some reading on the subject, and while I do plan on watching more of the video you linked for arguments sake, it’s already coming off as guys patting themselves on the back for agreeing with what they both already think.  
Third, even the arguments I have been able to track down, since you don’t seem to have even a summary to pique anyone’s interest in the subject, seem rooted in ‘things probably won’t be as bad as people say they would be’ regarding monopolies and some of the nastier business practices.  They never come close to saying we ‘shouldn’t have government interference’, only differing in degrees how far that interference should go, and apparently nowhere in recorded history has truly ‘free market’ been attempted or, according to the arguments, it would be so obviously superior, that no other form of market would have had a chance to beat it out of its dominant position.
In general, I agree that markets should be ‘more free’, but I would argue that that is a vastly grey scale that even the most evangelical ‘free marketist’ could never really state anything more concrete than they they were ‘more grey’ than someone somewhere else on the scale.  
Still curious what form of government you personally believe would facilitate a truly, indefinitely ‘free as possible’ market.  If you can’t even state that without asking me to do it for you, then I do think this conversation has gone several response beyond anything useful, even for reddit.
@_date: 2018-01-30 04:29:30
They seem to argue about less government, unless ‘no government’ is a theme I haven’t noticed?  Since you seem familiar with their content, can you tell what is generally accepted as ‘better’ than democracy as a type of government and roughly how it works?
@_date: 2018-01-15 17:35:52
but they don't require you to produce the expected good in order to gain.  I can produce really crappy food, but if I can produce really good guns and the people who hold them, I can be the only one you buy food from, and it's all perfectly free market.
@_date: 2018-01-15 07:26:38
There was a ‘New York agreement’ between several big players, mining pools, exchanges, etc to change the software to solve some short term problems, but that would have lost some of the properties of bitcoin that make it so good at being ‘unhackable’ (way oversimplied ELI5 description).  It was a bad idea, and many of the people that signed the ‘agreement’ knew it, but it would make them money so they were going to do it anyway.  Unfortunately for them, they thought they were big and smart enough, and had enough pull to force it through, but the people most in touch with writing the existing software (the Core team) did everything they could to convince people that it was a really bad idea and that the result wouldn’t really resemble ‘bitcoin’ as we know it. They also knew that the problems the ‘agreement’ people were trying to fix were legitimate. They had a solution that would fix the problem and maintain the intergrity of bitcoin, but they knew it would take way longer than most people could reasonably be expected to wait, but they explained that making a small change called ‘segwit’ would allow bitcoin to stay virtually the same, but would allow good solutions in the future instead of bad solutions ‘now’.
In the end, the Core team got their initial piece in, and the ‘agreement’ group started falling apart as it became clear that users didn’t want their short term, short sighted fix.  With mass user upset, some members of the ‘agreement’ started backing out, making the NYA even less stable.  What the nya crew ended up with was Bitcoin Cash, which took advantage of their fix, and does clear transactions faster, and is still a coin...just not ‘Bitcoin’ like they wanted it to be.
S2X (SegWit version 2?) was a similar setup where some of the NYA people wanted a software change similar to what the Core team got put in, but that was more ‘configurable’, and would kind of give bigger players more power than smaller players...unfortunately for them, while this would have done basically what the Core team did, and given them the upper hand, that fact that the Core team already got segwit into the regular code meant that the only benefit to the 2x would be for themselves, and no one cared about them enough to do it.
On a side note, what all of the issues come down to is that bitcoin can’t handle the volume of transactions it’s currently experiencing.  An easy fix would be to increase the ‘block’ size, kind of letting twice as many transactions through.  While this seems obvious, the Core team explains that doubling it would only help for a little while, and if the underlying issue isn’t resolved, then next fix would be doubling it again, and again (basically what the NYA folks want).  The problem is that bitcoin is ‘Bitcoin’ because it’s distributed, decentralized...you don’t have to worry that maybe one guy with a bunch of money could ‘take it over’.  The way it’s decentralized is that there are thousands of copies of the ledger...you can have one, I have one, pretty much everyone can have one and they all have to agree that all transactions are valid.  But if you double the block size, suddenly it’s harder for me to keep a copy, because now instead of 60GB, it’s 120GB, not out of line, but bigger....but the NYA folks wanted to include a piece where miners could arbitrarily signal the need for whatever size they ‘decide’ is necessary.  Not a huge deal when ‘miners’ were almost as distributed as nodes, but now with the vast majority of mining being done by huge outfits, a group like the NYA could conceivably say they ‘needed’ blocks 16x or 100x bigger, and the software would say ‘ok’ and now suddenly I would need 6TB to keep running a node...possible, but certainly fewer people would be able to do it.  Worst case, only the big miners, maybe governments, the ‘rich’ would be able to watch the block chain, and if enough of them got together, they could arbitrarily change the software whenever they wanted,they could hard fork whenever they felt like, all kind of bad stuff.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:22:07
It would, but energy prices and situations aren’t consistent globally.  Though anyone mining now is likely calculating electricity rates with ‘expected’ profits, and not necessarily the current price.  
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:54:29
Thanks. Take it all with a grain of salt though, I've been following most of it, but there are definitely some parts that people could correct me on, and the ELI5 part definitely invited over simplification, but as a general overview i think it's pretty workable.
@_date: 2018-01-25 18:42:42
Yeah, promising, but definitely still at the 'looking forward to it' stage right now.
I do like litecoin as a complement to bitcoin too...if i'm not mistaken, LTC did a lot of the testing for segwit before it was included in Bitcoin, and has always been a good alternate coin that wasn't really pushy about being a 'replacement'.
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:35:06
Lightning Network.
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:57:33
Basically, yes...except it isn't fear so much as the fact that anarchy and free market will basically always develop into some type of government...after generally just kind of making agreements with your neighbors and everyone just kind of 'getting along', a tyranny is probably the first big type (people with guns or big clubs making people do what they want)...benevolent monarchies probably evolve from that, probably theocracies and such, then some type of 'elected' governance, and then, once everything kind of settles in people start thinking 'no government' or 'free market' would be a good idea...and when they get their way, things start over.
@_date: 2018-01-30 16:41:20
So no time to have a conversation, but plenty of time to try 'haha, gotcha! see how ridiculous you libtards with your silly little ideas that aren't mine?!' comments.
As for listening to a socialist talk, you should listen to that kind of stuff, just like they should listen to you.  Not talk at each other.  I guarantee the answer is closer to the middle than either of you are currently willing to admit.
As for a Clinton speech, no one should ever listen to any politician speak.  The nightly news is certainly a waste of time if there is any other avenue for information, and for the most part it isn't great even if you had no other choice.
Thanks for the limited responses anyway...there are a million opinions and probably that many books and videos out there and I try to interact with people outside my viewpoint at least to try to narrow down some concrete suggestions outside of my experience.  
I still say there is no such thing as a sustainable 'no government' option unless you also remove people from the equation. And no matter how many times you  say 'good day' like it's a last word,  it's just possible that I'll keep replying with that sentiment unless you have a more concrete rebuttal than referencing a book that in no way says 'no government' is possible, just 'less government is better'.
@_date: 2018-01-19 05:24:46
This is hilarious, considering BCH was supposed to be the ‘fix’ for Bitcoin.  If it needs LN, then how is it better than BTC? If it’s not better than BTC, then what good is a ‘different’ coin?
@_date: 2018-01-25 05:44:34
Depending on who you talk to it either *does* or *will* or *can* solve the fee problem.
The idea behind how it *can* solve the fee problem is two-fold, first, someone pays the fee on the blockchain to open/close a channel, and all transactions within that channel can be very inexpensive, like if the blockchain fee were $20 and you did 20 transactions, you would only need to charge $1 for each transaction.  That's just at current/outrageous fee rates...play with those numbers more and do 200 or 2000 transactions inside the channel and the fee can be miniscule.
The second way is that taking 200 or 2000 or 20000 transactions *per channel* off the blockchain and doing them within the lightning channels frees up the mempool right off the bat.  With a practically limitless number of channels able to be made, significantly fewer transactions to deal with on the blockchain itself, then blockchain fees go back to normal, or even lower than normal levels, so instead of $20 to open a channel, it could be $2 or $0.20 or whatever the market demands. Take 'that' number and start dividing by number of transactions handled on each channel, and you can start to see why other coins that wanted to be the coin that 'fixed' the problems with bitcoin were so anxious to get started before anyone ever saw an actual lightning transaction in the wild.  
Not saying it will be perfect, but if they make it as simple as it sounds to open/close a channel, and everything works smoothly, then there's really no need for another coin to be the 'cash' version...and the lightning network doesn't really introduce any other mining or coins to own or keep track of, etc.  
Also, in addition to transfer time and fees, it adds an anonymity feature not available with bitcoin itself...basically if it's half of what it promises, it's worth the risk the Core team took in holding their ground, Ver and Cash and all the FUD that came along the road in the meantime.
@_date: 2018-01-16 01:19:21
It could also be that I was responding on a mobile device to a very weirdly ‘Aha, Gotcha!’ kind of comment.  I could respond with better grammar and punctuation if called for. As far as disagreeing, that is great, it certainly makes for a more interesting conversation, but if your contribution was only going to be snarky, I think your decision is probably the best we could hope for.
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:32:04
Again, I have read about the subject, and I am reading the book, but holy crap, if he doesn't pick up his argument beyond what's in the first quarter of the book, I don't know why I would bother.  I've never read a bigger string of strawman arguments as I have just getting to page 36.  If these were seriously arguments back in 1946 I have literally never heard anyone arguing them since.   So far it's just a reach around patting himself and people who agree with him on the back about how far-sighted his view is compared to these ridiculous, obviously one-sided, greedy, self-serving beneficiaries of war and broken windows.  
Of course war ushers in a period of prosperity, but not for the friggin' countries that were decimated, and in other participating countries, it is just borrowed prosperity from the poverty and things the people at the time were doing without.  And broken window? You're perfectly right to snub your nose at people who would honestly think that a broken window is a 'net gain', but if your argument is that 'everyone but me and the people who agree with my whole worldview think that', then I can see why you've lost your will to argue with people.  
And addressing the main point that started our whole discussion...not only is he not thus far arguing against 'government', he's actually taking large sweeping assumptions that there 'is' government providing 'essential services'...once you're at that stage, you're already well past 'if' there's a government and simply discussing 'what kind' and how to possibly reign it back in from destroying as free of a market as arbitrarily large groups of human beings can all agree on.  
@_date: 2019-07-17 00:22:18
But it can have a huge impact on things like taxes and adoption, so it’s still relatively good to keep up on.
@_date: 2018-01-19 13:36:41
Definitely, but it was marketed as the immediate, urgent, needed at all cost 'fix' to Bitcoin that everyone should adopt immediately because it's the one that kept to the spirit of the white paper, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-30 04:20:45
Yep, try checking his coins. It won’t let you down.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:54:24
Why do you say the lightening network isn’t all it’s cracked up to be? Have you seen it?  Segwit testing seemed pretty slick, and sometimes it seems like people want bigger blocks because that ‘was’ the only way to fix things and they didn’t get it and they continue to insist that is the fix, even though as a ‘fix’ it would never have been more than temporarily pushing the problem down the road.  2mb would have probably avoided the current and past congestion, but it would still need to be increased again and an arbitrarily large block size would certainly result in centralization.
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:26:04
Ha, initial reaction was ‘what kind car is he getting for $750.  It’s been awhile since they were that price.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:45:44
Thank you for the actual response. 
While I don’t totally understand the resistance to a small block size increase, my guess is because solving the problem short term would have made a long term fix almost impossible because things would work a little better for a little while so no one would be interested in the change that really needs to be made.  
I think this thinking could have worked, and we would already be using LN instead of still waiting if things hadn’t been drug down by having to basically defend against multiple forks and other, undesirable options.  I don’t know that I fully disagree with their choice, but hindsight being 20-20, and it being more political than technical, it certainly didn’t work as well as it might have.
As for ‘bigger’ blocks, I think a couple MB might be in order, but even at 16 I think the risk to the number of nodes and centralization wouldn’t be insignificant...infinity doesn’t have to enter the discussion when even a small 3-4 MB increase could create nodes in the terabyte range in the near future. I don’t know the threshold where a significant number of nodes would start dropping off, but it couldn’t be a lot more than that.
Other than that, the network congestion and fees are horrible now, but honestly (oddly?) the surge in price has made them seem inflated.  Still unacceptable, and if there is a pain point in the closing on the lightning network like you’re concerned about, that will be annoying, but I don’t think the ‘just another shit side coin’ argument is accurate since it’s aimed directly at quick settlement and no mining on its own as far as I know.  
With adoption, maybe it will relieve enough congestion that settling will be back to normal and we’ll have the best of all worlds...stable code, good developers, decentralization, quick, cheap transactions...all depending, of course, that we get there and FUD doesn’t intentionally cripple it just out of spite that it wasn’t ‘their’ chosen solution.
Obviously something similar could be said of the other solutions, even if I disagree with them, except for (I believe) the stable code, good developers, and decentralization.  If the core devs had buckled and increased the block size, I would have had faith in it, but pushing it with impatient, less open development would have been a shit show as far as I’m concerned.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:45:50
I doubt many people are ‘leaving’ as much as diversifying.  Sounds like there is a little more behind this than simply supporting a new alt-coin, but does seem to be some ‘outrage for the sake of outrage’ going on as well.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:04:57
Good point...i guess since the overall topic was 'bitcoin is crashing, why are you buying' that the response assuming that it was still going down was easy enough.
I gotta watch how defensive I get in comments sometimes, but boy are there all lot of things to get defensive about in some of them. :)
@_date: 2018-09-13 03:40:27
It’s not a simple misunderstanding if Bitcoin Cash is called Bitcoin and Bitcoin is a setting called Bitcoin Core.  You and he both know that for the majority of the public, ‘Bitcoin’ is this thing and if they’ve heard about it at all, it’s like $6000...now this app is saying they can get ‘Bitcoin’ for less than that.  Call it stupidity based on greed, but they’re pretty excited and buy, and maybe don’t realize u til too late, and maybe they realize Bitcoin Cash is actually better, whatever, but when you’re saying that you trust Ver, don’t think for a moment that this confusion hasn’t occurred to him and is playing on it in this wallet, in the site, in every way he can.  The fact that you trust him shows the weakness in ‘trust circles’ and, even though banning apps might bear a lot of similarities, it’s another method of trust.
Along that route, it would only be censorship if it only worked one way.  If there was a Bitcoin Cash app that defaulted to Bitcoin, so most transactions where performed with BTC and the lightning network, without it being obvious, that should get banned the same way.  Of course no one is currently going to go through the trouble of that, but it’s still a method to decipher banning from censorship.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:55:19
You love it because you've felt maybe you were wrong in the past, or missed an opportunity, and now you feel like maybe they feel the way you felt and are happy about it?
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:59:46
Well, right now it's main feature over other coins is adoption, a solid developer team, and 'trust'.  Besides the adoption, they might not be on the top of the curve on all of them, but it has the most complete complement of everything.  
If you look at any other coin, it's possible that they wouldn't actually be able to handle the volume BC is experiencing right now any better than it does.  for instance, a coin that could handle the technical volume or 'easy for the end user' might be one that could get hacked halfway through an upswing, or a newer coin is going to have to really outshine the others to get the adoption it needs.
As for developers, the core team might not be great at the political side, and holding off on a block size increase, while done for a reason that might not have been accomplished by any other way, might not have been the best idea, going with some other teams would almost certainly have resulted in multiple attack vectors not being mitigated, crashes, splits, rollbacks, god knows what.  It may be EXTREMELY frustrating waiting for a team to do something, but having it done right is better than having it done quick.  
For that matter, if other coins are so good, and bitcoin is so shit, why doesn't one of them take off. Or, better yet, if bitcoin is so frustrating right now, why doesn't one of them take off in the meantime while bitcoins flaws are addressed...if one of them branded itself a temporary 'lightning network', it could see mass adoption while using bitcoin as the store of value, just like bitcoin is 'doing' right now.
@_date: 2018-09-13 00:58:48
True, but in an App Store, it would be very difficult to have no rules.  There are many like that (such as pirate sites) and most people wouldn’t have a ‘trust circle’ savvy enough to protect them, and still have an infrastructure big enough to make money off of.
@_date: 2018-09-13 13:14:03
Exactly, and the most recent talks of splitting over code that neither side really has a problem with, but since it doesn’t push their narrative and might give someone else something they want, and then acting like theirs is so important it needs to be pushed at any cost, is just a waste of so many things.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:43:29
what does that even mean? 'market value' is literally just 'what people are willing to pay for it.  If people decided it was only worth what it could economically be used for (gold plating in electronics, preservation, etc) it would probably be similar to lead
@_date: 2018-09-14 03:48:27
Yes, segwit was more complicated and meant more for a one-time ‘bump’, and part of what I don’t agree with, but think they were going for, is making segwit a priority by holding back on the blocksize increase.  For example, if they could hold out and implement segwit, they thought it would be a great benefit for the future, and if they did the blocksize increase, they’d never get any traction on segwit because the blocksize increase would be ‘good enough for now’ so no one would implement segwit.  But, if they could say ‘we’ll do the increase after segwit’, they could force people to accept segwit willingly.
As far as I’m aware, there was never any question of core going for segwit 2x...if I remember right, that was like some scammy ‘let’s implement segwit like this so it doesn’t block the advantage China has with their whatever hardware hack’.  That, or it was the ‘let’s increase it a little, and include code to let miners decide to increase it to whatever they want, whenever they want’, which seemed like saying ‘just give us 2mb’ to get their foot in the door so they can throw it open whenever they want.  Really, though, it was a potentially splitting fork really soon after the previous cash fork and I don’t blame user for being skittish, or bothered once again by the ‘it needs to be done right now!’ rush. That, and just like Core did with the Kuwait until after segwit’, the authors where trying to use one thing (2mb) to get another thing (unlimited block size that miners controlled). This might seem little, but as complex as bitcoin is, making such a simple change could have enourmous consequences.  I doubt anyone really knows how vulnerable btc is to hacking or generally malicious behavior, but I have to think opening the blocksize up to manipulation could easily cement a mining pool in a position of monopoly, or even worse, a position of hidden monopoly, really quickly if they played things right.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:33:30
where exactly have 'we all' been gloating about it?  Unless you are browsing some bitcoin circle-jerk site, where are you exposed to bitcoin at all?
As far as 'everything you said would be happening'...you said it would shoot up and then there would be a sharp correction? who have you been talking to that didn't think that would happen?  You can keep your 'everything we said would happen' until it crashes to nothing...unless what you 'said' was that it would hover around $10,000 for awhile and that was the extent of your comment?
@_date: 2018-09-13 00:18:50
By that logic they shouldn’t ban anything from the App Store, regardless of what it does or doesn’t do?
@_date: 2018-09-13 02:43:35
I wouldn’t consider that an objective difference, or maybe I do, but it’s not much different as far as misleading people.  What is I came out with a Bitcoin Cash app, but it only traded Bitcoin Cash if you changed the setting,but every few transactions, defaulted back to BTC Cash, which was actually my alt coin which, oddly, traded in the app for the current Bitcoin Cash rate, even though in exchanges it trades for pennies on the dollar.  Sure you can warn people not to use it, but what about people that don’t know that they should check reddit, and which subreddit to pick.  If the App Store doesn’t ‘ban’ things, wouldn’t the BCH brand be hurt if I came out with similar apps faster than you can warn people off of them?
@_date: 2018-09-13 13:22:10
No, a hard fork isn’t necessarily ‘worse’than a hard fork, but of the two options, ‘most used’ (most hash,longest chain, whatever the technical terms are) and ‘closest to the whitepaper’, it has to go with something measurable.  Closest to the whitepaper is so subjective it could never be decided if going by two comparable coins. I could always point out a way mine is closer to the whitepaper in one way, and you’ll point out how yours is closer in a different way, and Steve down the hall will say that his original client, with no patches since Satoshi’s first version that he formed and just renamed the client and only him and the guys on the 3rd floor are running is the closest to the whitepaper.
@_date: 2018-09-13 01:15:49
Yes, I suppose it can be said that any type of banning is censorship...but I’ve yet to hear someone claim that that is objectively bad.  Guessing you could find an example of nearly universally accepted censorship in almost any format you can think of, even if it comes down to extremes like child pornography or other exploited persons.  From there, it’s simply a matter of degrees if you think something is too far or or not.  Personally I don’t think an echo chamber of ‘trusted people’ is enough when it comes to financial apps.
@_date: 2018-09-13 18:57:47
To be fair, I don’t like what blockstream is doing at all.  If what they’re doing isn’t to intentionally damage bitcoin as a payment method (worst case), I think at minimum they’re clinging to the only method of control they have, and arguing against change, simply to forward a direction they think will help (best case).
Even this best case is subjective and frustrating for anyone wanting to move faster.  I honestly think that if Bitcoin Cash hadn’t formed and provided a relief valve of sorts, that a blocksize increase would have had to happen at minimum after segwit, because transactions simply would have forced it. 
Unfortunately, since Ver and company weren’t patient enough, and absolutely refused to wait for BTC to either implement a blocksize increase after segwit, or fully shoot themselves in the foot by not putting it in even after segwit, thereby allowing a real coup where people actually did choose BCash over BCore, they forked too soon and brought over a fraction of the userbase instead of waiting and either needing to do nothing, or pulling over a majority of the userbase.  So now, with Bitcoin Cash operating at low transaction fees, there’s no reason for Core to do anything in a rush.  Enough volume is taken off BTC for transactions because of Vers push for everyone to use BCash that it functions as a practical second layer, just like Litecoin might have temporarily filled in.  Worst case for BCash is that it fills in that void long enough for someone to crack the LN issue and it fades away.  This could be why Ver continues to operate as though he’s on a deadline, and needs people off of BCore instead of focusing on how good BCash is.
I use the terms BCash and BCore here not because I like them or think they’re an easy slam on either coin, just for convenience and because Bitcoin Cash is a lot extra to write when repeating it over and over.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:49:55
Newb friendly or not, it’s not real bitcoin, just free ‘test’ bitcoin to try it out buying example articles...if you’re interested it should be safe, even if it’s not simple.
It might be simple too...haven’t tried it yet
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:23:06
He could say that the market cap for gold could be calculated based on it's intrinsic value, such as as a plating material (economic use), but since that would be tiny compared to it's current 'actual' worth, he obviously means that gold as a store of value feels (to him) more real, even though it is awfully analogous to anything else people have come up with (beads/shells/salt/etc).  The only thing that can give something an extrinsic value is scarcity and people's willingness to agree that it will store more value than it would otherwise be 'worth'.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:57:34
Interesting that you find it fun to see people going 'bankrupt' when for probably the vast majority of users it is simply a loss of unearned profits.  Enjoying dips must mean rises make you sad?
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:58:35
Not sure about contradicting...I read it as a statement that he will 'keep buying even as it continues to go down', with the assumption that it will continue to go down.  Sure it would be ideal to wait until it hits bottom, but since no one can tell where that bottom will be it would be a missed opportunity to try to wait for that.
at least this way, if it rebounds quickly, he will have bought at 'this' level...for example, suppose he bought at 14, 12, 11, 10 and 9 and then as it approaches 8 it quickly rebounds to 11 and then back to 14....if he was watching and trying to anticipate that it would get to 8 and buy there, he would quickly miss the opportunity to buy at 10, 11, 12, etc. This has happened so many times in the past that people focusing on the 'huge' drop in price totally miss out on the dynamics of a highly volatile but rising product.  Maybe it will crash here, maybe it will crash after it reaches 50 or 100, maybe never...but that doesn't make buying on the way down bad in itself. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:05:05
I understand that you probably think you missed out on getting in on something fun or profitable, but don't expect that to influence other people into thinking you have some relevant crypto-currency a
assessment skills.
@_date: 2018-09-13 05:01:51
Maybe, but censoring kind of loses its meaning if anytime anything isn’t accepted anywhere is labeled censoring. 
And Bitcoin in particular has a pretty clear mechanism for deciding whose who in regards to hash rate and longest blockchain.  I don’t think Ver would have any problems explaining that Bitcoin Cash ‘is’ Bitcoin if they had longest chain or most hash, and if Bitcoin Cash was trading for ‘more’ than btc, do you think they’d be trying to confuse people by using the lesser brand name? No, but it’s the opposite, so everything is hanging on the Bitcoin ‘brand’, which is doing frustratingly well considering it’s objectively worse in every way.  
Bitcoin Cash is a fork, it’s not ambiguously a fork, or a fork only in some senses, it’s a fork, it has replay protection, the people who were using the bitcoin core client were using it one day, and they were using it the next day to add on to the same chain, nothing magical changed that said they were no longer mining bitcoin, it just happened that some other people started mining with another client, with replay protection, and not everyone stopped using the bitcoin core client and started using bitcoin abc, so the ones using bitcoin abc started trading the results of that chain as bitcoin Cash. Everyone understands that, and Bitcoin Cash being better is absolutely fine.  Possibly the only person not fine with this is Ver, and it’s because he sees all that brand recognition and inertia and it’s so frustrating to him that this ‘better’ version doesn’t get to use that extremely valuable stuff that he decided he would just try to use it anyway.
People didn’t buy into his vision, and that’s frustrating, but gives him no right to take what they were happy to deal with and argue with it.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:02:10
because trying to time the market (almost any market) is where most people fail...you do lose profit by buying while it's still falling, but no one, no matter what scheme they think they might have, can 'wait until it stops falling' and then buy at the bottom.
Here, i would buy more on the way down, and keep buying as it starts to raise again, and once the drop seems to be gone, go back to regular weekly/monthly purchases
@_date: 2018-09-14 04:34:40
My main argument is that everyone, Ver included, was calling Bitcoin ‘Bitcoin’ after segwit, it didn’t magically stop being Bitcoin.  And the day before, the day of, and the day after, everyone using core were doing exactly the same things, it was other people who did something different (ABC), so at what point would a core user suddenly think ‘hey, I should quit calling this thing we’re doing ‘Bitcoin’? At what point would someone think ‘hey, I changed that thing, now people who are still doing it should stop calling the old thing by that name and start calling my thing by that name’.  It he/you really thought it should be a weighted thing, he wouldn’t be using bitcoin.com in a confusing way, trying to trick people who are obviously looking for a very specific thing to use his thing instead.  Even if his thing is better, he’s no better than Core for using his ownership of a namespace, than they are for blocking contributions...though I doubt their blocking contributions, they just disagree on what are good contribution.
@_date: 2018-09-13 05:23:27
‘As soon as possible’ is probably the key statement here...from the first inception of Bitcoin Cash, it was all about impatience and seizing the momentum instead of delivering a rock solid product.  
One can only imagine how f’d up thing would be if it went at Vers paced and level of accountability.  Bad code would be excused, rollbacks would be considered acceptable if a screwup was big enough, etc.  Bitcoin Cash can work ‘good enough’ and that all a snake oil salesman needs.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:31:26
just for reference, laughing at the end of a sentence seems either fake or mentally deficient somehow.   like, if you thought it was funny, but you managed to say the whole sentence, and then couldn't help but laugh at yourself for how funny you were, or the situation was funny, but you had to come up with something you thought was clever and then allowed yourself to laugh.
@_date: 2018-09-13 18:44:06
At genesis, I don’t know, maybe Bitcoin Cash, but I could make a version that’s even closer to ‘at genesis’ just by copying the original client, bugs and all.  Is that the one we need to call Bitcoin then?
If Satoshi was around and ‘blessed’ one of them, would that make it ‘bitcoin’? If he made a change, would that make it still be Bitcoin (like he did when he added the block cap)?
‘Most’ users and miners stuck with BTC when the fork happened, if that isn’t an objective measure of which one is Bitcoin, I don’t see how you would ever make a subjective decision that of all coins that are most like the whitepaper, Bitcoin Cash should be the one that subjectively wins when there can be all kinds of competition there.  What do you want, ‘the one that is closest to the whitepaper + has the most hashpower’ so that Bitcoin Cash beats my hypothetical ‘original client’ based on hash, and beats BTC based on original whitepaper adherence? If something else come in and beats you on both, are you going to add another criteria so you can cling to a name that ideally makes no difference?
Honestly speaking, if everyone was using BTC ‘core’ and everyone understood that it was by far the main chain (pre-bitcoin Cash I don’t know of anyone arguing that), and someone comes in and starts using something else, at what point exactly did you expect everyone using that client to change their name? If I start my client up right now, should they scramble to find a new name for themselves?  If Bitcoin Cash was indisputably Bitcoin, and BTC had tanked due to competition, and I started my ‘original client’ side fork, which I claim is even closer to the whitepaper than Bitcoin ABC, with replay protection, do you think Ver would think ‘hey guys, we need to think of a new name instead of Bitcoin, because this guy is implementing closer to the whitepaper than us and it wouldn’t be fair to call ourselves Bitcoin when he deserves it because whitepaper something something’?
@_date: 2018-09-13 04:36:59
Sure, we can stop talking hypotheticals, but the point was that banning is the same as censoring, which is true in some senses, but not true in others.  If this app is called Bitcoin Cash, and defaults to Bitcoin Cash, I don’t see the problem.  If it’s called a ‘Bitcoin’ wallet, in a place where that name is clearly confusing and misleading, and clearing refers to one chain,then barring it seems plausible.
@_date: 2018-05-01 15:13:39
Well, he was a Bitcoin Core guy at the time.  Basically the same thing both sides complain about, and bitcoin as a decentralized entity needs to be able to withstand, is that it is decentralized, but people are used to relying on centralized things like website domains and subreddits and banks.  
Once things are built on things that truly don’t require and admin and ownership, we might see how things flow on their own merits instead of based on who has money or authority over resources.
@_date: 2018-05-27 19:07:04
Well, Bitcoin Core isn’t “bitcoin”, it is the software client that is used for “bitcoin”, but for a new person, the btc notation can be helpful.  
On a related note, why isn’t bitcoin Cash referred to as ABC...as long as they’re making it confusing...maybe anytime ‘Core’ is mentioned, ‘ABC’ should be the matching reference?
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:31:01
yeah, but on the other hand, it's like a real world test of how bitcoin in general can withstand this type of test.  Just like it's encryption and transaction platform needs to be tested, it needs to be tested against morons and bad actors and grandmas and authorities.  
To me, the grandma test is the more crucial one, even though the moron and bad actors one is obviously the more vocal and in everyone ones face.
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:27:12
well, really it's not legitimized because it isn't bulletproof enough for the average user yet.  I prefer to think of these childish arguments kind of like I think of the blocksize argument itself...a little distraction to slow things down until it actually 'is' ready on it's own.
Right now the only way any crypto is useable by the general public is if the coin is held and managed by a central authority who can keep things 'safe' and provide at least some cushion or guarantee if things go bad.  The 'safety' isn't worth the loss of freedom, and completely kills the idea behind crypto in general, so while everyone seems to be anxious for crypto to 'go mainstream', everyone is missing the point that we don't really need another convenient peer to peer payment system...centralized versions of those already exist...we need a platform that isn't ready yet.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:35:42
The point shouldn't be the amount, but that there' said hard limit.  They might come up with a way to split it past it's current last decimal, but for now a limit is a way to guarantee it's value can't be watered down by over production the way fiat currencies can.
The smallest change tip now can turn into quite a sum if/when things payout and the last satoshi is mined.
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:41:11
As the other guy said, there's nothing bad with BCH itself, it's the people trying to claim that BCH is 'Bitcoin'.  
BCH had, and still has, its chance to 'be' Bitcoin based on consensus and a longer chain (i don't know how that would work after this long, but conceptually I guess it's the same chain).  
The problem is, Ver insisted and basically gambled that the split, and resulting 'better' code would have such obvious benefits that all processing would shift over to BCH, they would have the longer chain, and BCH would legitimately be Bitcoin.   When that didn't happen, that crew basically tried insisting that BCH is still Bitcoin based on their insistence that the code is better, even though it didn't achieve consensus.  
Since the 'brand' of Bitcoin, it's market visibility and pretty much everything about the name 'Bitcoin' is more popular, and since he somehow controls some popular (centralized) marketing mechanisms for the word 'Bitcoin', it's more profitable for him to push 'Bitcoin' users (especially new ones that don't know any better) to Bitcoin Cash.  
It's basically far more profitable, and a better gamble for him in general, to ignore consensus, use his resources to bolster Bitcoin Cash, and take whatever he can get out of it.  It he decides it's a losing battle, he'll know when to get out before everyone else (just like he literally admitted to doing when getting 'into' it right when/before coinbase started listing it) and he will be no worse off for having 'passionately advocated for what he believed in', just like he 'passionately advocated for BTC' before he got frustrated that he couldn't control it with his passion and business skills/con-ish behavior.
@_date: 2018-05-04 03:37:47
I take it you only read the first two paragraphs of my comment?
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:53:00
The pros of BCH are pretty obvious, being able to increase the blocksize at will, as long as miners are okay with low to no fees, means transactions can be practically free.
The idea that this can increase adoption is pretty solid, and if it weren't trying to conflate the names, it would be a pretty solid coin on it's own, maybe even overtake Bitcoin on it's merits and eventually achieve consensus and 'be' Bitcoin.
The fact that they aren't going this route is probably half 'not wanting to give up on their original plan', and half not believing in the coin as a standalone project, or thinking that allowing the existing Bitcoin to go unchallenged splits the market too much, so the benefits of killing Bitcoin and taking it's place are worth the risk of failing and drying up, or even killing both coins.  
Since people can't control the existing Bitcoin, they're better off making an attack than attempting their own route.  Plus, if they could 'take over' Bitcoin, they could promise/threaten/cajole the big miners in the way the BTC currently can, but I expect Roger has more profitable motives for it rather than the purportedly altruistic motive of the core team.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:58:23
And who defines what constitutes aggression? Maybe I don't believe land is 'ownable', so I don't consider planting a crop on your land an act of aggression. Who enforces the non-aggression?  If I choose to disregard your rule, who decides my punishment or reparation?  If rules are decided by the majority, then it's a democracy. If it's decided by the elders, or the church, or the businessmen, all of these have names for the type of government.
2 or 3 people could probably just happen to get along for an extended period of time without 'governing', so to speak, simply because they maybe didn't run into conflicts they couldn't personally work out.  50 people might miraculously be able to survive like this for a few months or years, but anything above that and you'll have long ago needed to decide who is going to handle disputes, how those decisions are going to be enforced, and how to handle outside threats or opportunities.  And before that, even, you'll realize the efficiencies that could be achieved with common resources, and the associated rules to avoid freeloaders from taking advantage of those resources without fairly contributing towards their procurement or upkeep.
Humans are social and flawed animals, and the burden of government comes with the benefits of community living.
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:43:51
They're not exclusive.  It's not that they want to 'get rid of' their bit coin, but that they want to be able to use them.  The whole point is an incredible transaction platform, but without a place to transact, it's missing half it's value.  Plus, you just spend and replace.
@_date: 2014-01-03 20:18:12
The proper thing to do is often time consuming and tedious when it's the same arguments being brought up repeatedly.
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:48:05
Thanks for your insightful input.
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:12:15
Well, doing that in general is kind of weird anyway, but the exciting thing about it is that an important piece is actually active instead of theory or just a wish or a promise.  
@_date: 2016-06-17 04:57:40
Voting for what?
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:16:44
If a node had to do something like run a business or exchange to be 'meaningful' then decentralization would already be broken.  A node 'running' is what makes it meaningful.
@_date: 2017-08-10 15:51:23
'As soon as possible' might be most people's problem though.  There's an old saying 'you can have it fast, cheap and good, but you can only pick two of those'.  If you're ok with something that meets your needs NOW the fix of increasing the block size might have done it for a little while. Increasing the block size and letting the miners choose the block size in the future might have done it for good, but at the expense of the 'that you control' requirement.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:11:19
So you want flex caps because 'other things changed and they got better'? Most of your examples went in exactly the opposite direction for while first, or had a thousand different versions that could all go in different direction to see which one 'stuck' and gained in popularity, or relied on things getting smaller instead of bigger.  
If 'bigger' obviously meant better, then we could change to block size to 1GB and reap all the future rewards today!
@_date: 2018-06-29 07:11:57
If it doesn’t work because of or in spite of whatever else is going on in the world, then it’s okay if it fails.
@_date: 2019-06-26 06:47:27
So it wasn’t herd think mentality without the Ver comment?
@_date: 2019-02-21 06:29:46
Or crypto is actually used like it was intended.  That will make it go away too.
@_date: 2019-02-12 07:35:02
Yeah, I suppose a lot of that ‘street value’ depends on a lot more man hours being applied.  
@_date: 2019-02-21 06:31:44
I think it’s basically a fault in using ‘crypto’ through a centralized convenienceservice that is required to monitor transactions at this level.  Basically the problem of trying to push crypto ‘fast’ at the expense of basically, it’s soul.
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:24:17
Bitcoin Televangelist...takes a good message and twists it with fear and greed for personal profit.
@_date: 2019-12-15 12:59:17
Priced in?
@_date: 2018-03-19 15:28:33
Well the big choice was that most people wouldn’t have been within 10 feet of a computer monitor at all if they didn’t have to be.
@_date: 2019-01-20 01:51:47
Nope. You’d want to build in protection for something like paying a big chunk of money up front before someone does a job.  Something like a third party trusted hold will probably be necessary, kind of chase provides, but with less control than chase has.
@_date: 2019-01-20 19:12:40
True, there’s a threshold it needs to reach. People are willing to give up freedom for security,  and along with the whole ‘I’m not doing anything bad, so why would I need to worry’ without realizing it may take less and less for the people with the authority to decide something you’re doing is ‘bad’.
As an example, they can freeze your account and maybe ruin your life (had a bank account *associated* with my paypal account frozen because the *seller* did some shady stuff and got *his* account frozen, and I bought a cell phone case from him or something), but until then, swiping a card is easy and reliable
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:33:44
If there is ‘evidence’ that they exist, they don’t have to get them from you...they just have to convince the court they exist, and you either turn them over or are issued a judgement against you for the purported value.  It’s divorce court, not a criminal trial...no burden of proof or innocent until proven guilt.
@_date: 2019-01-22 14:49:07
Well, unfortunate as in annoying and clumsy...not unfortunate in that you are incidentally making a profit, and theoretically enough to owe taxes on.  That, and the losses offsetting the profit should mean if your using it over time and not during any particular run, it would even out to a negligible profit/loss.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:06:48
Right, 'exactly the same thing' was an exaggeration, but 'the continued dip since your comment' speaks for nothing...it's simply after the fact data that can be interpreted.  
I could make a dozen posts in a dozen places, each predicting a different 'next thing bitcoin is going to do', and then just wait to see which one happens and look like i knew what i was talking about, it doesn't mean I know what I'm talking about.  
This 'continued dip' means it's continuing to dip.  'it could well drop a lot more in the weeks to come' is like saying 'it could rain' and then feeling vindicated when it rains.  This dip could be the death knoll for bitcoin, or it could look like a little bump before it's next astronomic rise, or it could be it's 'new price' for the next month...
The number of people who have a gut feeling about 'this time', whether it's today or last week, last month, last year...you all cancel each other out in the noise...there's no comparable experience, possibly in human history, that would prepare a group of people to accurately have a 'sense' of what this is going to do.  There's nothing fundamentally different about bitcoin now than there was last month, it has no new value and has lost none, it has no intrinsic value and it has unlimited intrinsic value.  It is so much unlike a traditional stock that people don't have a reference point, and since people don't behave logically even with traditional stocks, you could just as well go to a psychic as a broker to try to predict what's going to happen.  You can read all the FUD and mooners stuff you want, come to some consensus on how scared/optimistic you think everyone is, and predict how things are going based on that...and then 5 minutes later someone comes up with other new market or something's potentially banned in India or some YouTuber lost a bitcoin in a hack and suddenly Ethereum jumps up and Bitcoin tanks, or vice versa.  
Adding a post with a sense of caution or optimism is great, thinking it might be different 'this time' is even understandable, but predicting something, and then pointing to a continued dip as 'see, i was right!' is ridiculous...it's like predicting a coin flip and then elbowing your buddy about how smart you were for picking heads when you're right and just waiting for the next flip without saying anything when you're wrong.  It's annoying, doesn't reflect reality and makes you come off as childish.
@_date: 2018-02-17 04:57:10
Could be great, or could be terrible if the infrastructure turns people off.  Any publicity is good publicity, unless it gets 3 million people a bad first experience.
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:35:46
Well most people from the ‘age’ of DOS didn’t really interact with DOS.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:36:23
A like I’m 5 explanation might be that Segwit let’s you prove they’re your bitcoin without having to wait for the whole network to agree to it.
Kind of like being able to write an IOU on a piece of paper and give it to someone and your friends who have seen your bank account, and their friends who have seen your bank account, all agree that it’s a good transaction as opposed to having to wait all weekend for the bank to open.   
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:44:41
I think a better analogy might be that they’re make a fence that has holes that are too big and bitcoin can just walk through them.  Or they they’re just fencing themselves in.  Crypto will likely get bigger than banks some day, but atm it’s still awfully small compared to the bloated universal banking industry.
@_date: 2018-02-14 04:59:18
Sure didn’t ‘step slow’ when it came to BCash
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:43:10
Obviously it takes a smaller percent of a larger number to cancel out a large percentage of a smaller number...but that’s not the overall point of the post.  Averaging out the last bull/bear, it went up around 300%.  
@_date: 2018-02-15 16:52:16
Right, it does require evidence...you can’t just say they’re lying and get out of it though.  There are ways to buy bitcoin without leaving any trail, but most ways would leave a trail that could prove you had them at one point.  If you can’t prove you don’t have them now, you could be on the hook anyway.  Lying to the court to get out of something isn’t a great path to take.
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:47:20
In what way?
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:56:25
‘Have a lot, lot further down to go’ means nothing more than ‘we’re still pretty high’.  So much speculation, including yours, I’m quite certain, is based on gut feeling and either desire or fear, not analysis.  Hell, there really isn’t any analysis possible on extremely new things...50 years from now they might be able to use this and other subsequent data to analyze something like this, but just like the internet and internet bubble, there was nothing to compare things to to say how it was *going* to go...sure there were a lot of people saying ‘bubble’, but a lot of people say a lot of things and if you call everything a bubble, you’re going to be right 2% of the time and then expect people to respect your opinion next time you say it.
Bitcoin could go to 0 if an exploit were found...short of that, there’s little reason to assume that.  It could go to $5000 or $1000 or $100 or $100,000...but the fact remains that there are no ‘experts’ in completely assetless crypto currency markets who could guess which way it’s going to go, let alone *some guy on the internet with a gut feeling*.  Hell, there are probably hundreds of thousands of people you could call experts in the regular markets, and not a single one of them could ‘tell’ you what a specific stock is going to do on any time scale....the next couple minutes/days/years/whatever.  There are ones who are better than others as picking right more than wrong, but even they are either wrong very very close to half the time, or they are so unimaginably rich that they aren’t going to bother talking to mere mortals. If you think one of those people even exist in regards to bitcoin, you’re deluded...and if you think you are, or even know, that guy you’re one step beyond even that.
@_date: 2018-02-23 18:49:47
Because with the hardware device, and the app/chrome extension, you have control over your bitcoin from pretty much anywhere, with extremely unlikely chance of you being hacked ( though robbery and extortion are still possible).  The device comes with a backup phrase you need to keep safe, which is another lay of security to deal with, but means that if you lose the device, as long as the person who finds it doesn’t also have access to your PIN, you can just order another device and restore it from your backup phrase, and continue as normal.  Or if you don’t want to wait for a new device, there are apps that can restore from your backup phrase as well.
While Coinbase does provide convenience, there is no reason to assume that they would be willing, or even able to, replace any coin lost through theft. Also, you are at their mercy as far as site outages, denial of service, ‘temporary halt on withdrawals’ for whatever reason they deem fit, slow or no support for new features, subject to whatever transaction fee calculation they feel like implementing, etc.
Definite pluses and minuses for each, but the hardware key basically moves the attack vector into the radius of you person or where you personally interact with people, and decouples it from one site or corporation that can be a target for millions of hackers and constrained by their own interests and profits in mind.
Personally, I would rely on both, because of the exchanges ease of trading, and the hardware wallets security and backup.
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:49:56
It could. It also could have dipped further or longer the last few times.  Things will be the same until they’re different and just because you and others have ‘more’ at stake this time doesn’t make anyone more clairvoyant this time compared to any of the other times ‘this almost exact same thing has happened’.
@_date: 2018-02-24 05:06:18
It’s overly cautious now, with such low adoption...not terribly likely you’ll run into anyone that would even know what a bitcoin wallet was, let alone what was involved in extorting your pin and such, unless you’re selling bitcoin to someone in person or something.  Once things take off, however, thieves and burglars will get more familiar with the process.
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:58:03
Really? How easy do you think it is to launder money with bitcoin? It has a permanent ledger and at some point someone needs a bank account to change it to fiat.  Really the ‘easy to launder’ part still happens at the fiat level.
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:55:06
Right, but that’s true of any gain and dip...unless you bought at literally the top possible point, you also didn’t see anything like a 43% drop...you could state with at least some certainty that almost no one ‘got into’ bitcoin just recently with no eye on the 500% increase as it was happening, so saying that is meaningless just because they didn’t happen to benefit from it is disingenuous at best.
@_date: 2018-02-24 04:48:23
I didnt know ledger could do that...will have to take a look.
@_date: 2018-02-06 01:48:16
Segregated witness...means you can offload some of the validation off chain
@_date: 2017-09-28 04:10:48
As long as it doesn't change, obviously, but 'quickly' is a relative and not necessarily required term.  Once the lightning network, or whatever form allows quick, safe transactions, kicks in, it will work just fine. If it's not done quickly 'enough', things could go a different direction, but if the store of value and existing transaction rate can sustain it in the meantime, then it could take two months or two years and not necessarily be a bubble.
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:46:44
You mean like it was almost impossible to reinflate the last 5 times?  
Plus, even if it (hopefully) doesn’t reinflate as quickly or drastically as it did this last time...a nice stable period while it adjusts to so many of the new developments would be kind of nice for a change.  Its investments risks and opportunities have been amazing, but there are bigger opportunities if things go the direction they could.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:34:08
Hope you're kidding on the 'extra few days of summer' part.  Hard to tell, but some people really do seem to think that global warming 'just' means some days will be a couple degrees warmer.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:08:07
Well, if you were actually asking instead of making a rhetorical statement, I would say breaking the chain now is important because it's possible that everything else our 'forefathers' did was temporary or reversible (fiat monetary system, slavery, monopolies), if not by us, then at least by future generations. This one might not be reversible in the near future, if at all.
This isn't necessarily the place to debate, and I normally don't go looking for this argument everywhere I can find it, but glib off hand comments like yours probably do more to damage the discussion than any 'deniers' insistence ever does.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:24:49
That’s fine, and it’s probably in a better position to grow than Bitcoin...but making it intentionally confusing which one is which (arguments aside, btc has consensus for now) and then scrambling to differentiate addresses because (Surprise!) people are confused and losing money because of the confusion is 10 kinds of shady.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:22:54
Guessing you don't hear 60 year old women talking amongst themselves often then.  In fact, if you think any demographic is really much different than any other in the way they talk, it's probably just the audience or assumptions.
@_date: 2018-04-25 03:58:05
Right, you shouldn’t buy from bitcoin.com, but as someone looking to get into it, wouldn’t that be the first place you’d think of going. Obviously Ver knows it is.
@_date: 2018-04-25 02:16:31
You know that, and I know that, but I can almost guarantee you that someone going to bitcoin.com, expecting to learn about what they’ve been hearing about ‘Bitcoin’ has no idea, and Bitcoin Core (obviously and intentionally) sounds like a different ‘type’ of Bitcoin, and BCH (or bch in a lighter font, as it’s so blaringly identified on the site), the ‘not the Bitcoin they’ve been hearing about on the news’ is labeled as ‘Bitcoin’.
You can tell me that that is not confusing, but you’re either lying or not looking at it from someone else’s point of view.
Whether BCH wants to be, or is Bitcoin someday is extremely arguably, and you could say inevitable, but saying you have a better product and taking the name even though it is not at all arguably more popular right now is disengenuous, and Ver knows it, and knows that it doesn’t matter, because he has his bets hedged either way, and this is by far the most profitable short term strategy.  If it works out long term, even better for him, and he’ll be hailed a hero, but if it doesn’t, he’ll have made more money at the expense of both coins and it won’t bother him a bit.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:32:51
They are labeling bch as Bitcoin and btc as Bitcoin Core. 
I just don’t see how that seems like a good move aside from the fact that the number of people who are confused and buying something other than what they intended and complain about it, vs the number of people who are confused and buy something other than what they intended and don’t complain is an acceptable ratio to Ver, because it will keep the trend of ‘adoption’ climbing and he can get more out of bch before he bails than if he didn’t do stuff like this.
The worst part is that BCH has its own value and can rise and increase adoption on its own merits without this shady crap.  Ver is very much not ignoring the fact that people see ‘Bitcoin’ on the news at nearly $10,000, and all their friend talking about it over the years, and then go to bitcoin.com and see Bitcoin selling for a fraction of that, and thinking they’ll get a steal.  It erodes confidence in people who are tricked, makes BCH seem like it’s not great on its own merits, and all around crappy.
@_date: 2018-04-25 14:19:12
I'd almost agree, except that computers and stocks are generic enough that even the average person isn't going to be confused that if they buy a 'computer' without looking at what kind, they're going to be getting something random or generic.  There are certainly people dumb enough to think that they bought 'computer' or 'stock' and that's good enough...and maybe that's what they're going for.
@_date: 2018-04-25 14:22:42
Well if you want to see a good example, Ver seems to have taken it to street caricature artist levels.  
Seems so good, and so quick, so effortless, but so blaringly obvious that it's not mean to look like the real person, just capturing all of their features and exaggerating them to ridiculous proportions.  
@_date: 2015-11-04 01:37:25
Can you quit using the word 'belieb'?  It almost looks like you're using it seriously, and people are not going to take you seriously.
@_date: 2016-05-18 17:56:18
Meh for you, confusing and time consuming for many.  Most of them were forced to do the up front work of getting fiat methods going back when they first moved out on their own and now, even though it's a pain in the ass and there are downsides, they already have them set up and setting them up 'online' is a relatively known and trusted process.  
BTC, even for people who are relatively tech savvy and would have no problem applying for a credit card can easily get confused or scammed with BTC.  Imagine if your friend applied for a bank account and then a week later, all his money was gone and people on the internet were like, 'oh yeah, that bank was doing some fishy stuff, you shouldn't have set up an account with them'
Plus right now BTC literally requires you to use the exact inefficient fiat systems we're saying suck, just to buy Bitcoin, or go to the equivalent of a dark alley and hand someone cash.  It has its hurdles.
@_date: 2018-12-31 03:20:21
If I recall correctly, you can easily create the public key from a private key offline, a simple, non-reversible algorithm. So basically it’s a simple matter of changing each piece of the private key and testing to see if the public key it produces matches the public key you’re trying to match.  This would work if you have the key pretty close to the correct one...but each additional digit you have wrong makes it more than an order of magnitude harder to brute force like this.
@_date: 2017-06-22 08:51:56
Not great that trading one costs 3 of them, though.
@_date: 2013-12-17 16:21:42
And I'm saying blocking small time money laundering like things with gift cards and bitcoin is an attempt to appear to comply with regulations without actually stopping them from the 'real' money laundering that goes on with the big guys.  The drug cartels aren't buying prepaid debit cards to hide their billions.  Certainly not at the scale where Chase is cracking down on individual accounts.
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:24:54
Yes, that's why 'no government' works for small groups.  But self-governance simply doesn't work for even moderately large groups.  For instance, what happens if your neighbor does steal from you?  Or a property dispute comes up, or he looks at your wife without nodding to you afterwards?  You could shoot him, but what if your other neighbor doesn't think at was a reasonable response?  People in your group will eventually start coming up with general rules and agreements.
 The very first time a couple of your neighbors get together and say 'people around these parts don't get to shoot people whenever they want' and make an agreement to abide by that rule themselves, you have some rules 'governing' their (and maybe your) behavior. The next step is what happens when someone breaks the rule, and how it's enforced and you have a rudimentary government. There is probably no case of something like this not happening in any group of any size, even in the most backwoods anarchist group in the world.
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:44:15
The government is based on agreements between members and provides a mean for enforcement of those agreements and a forum for coming up with and modifying those agreements.  
In practice it also provides shared services with shared resources, as opposed to third parties providing the services based on individual payment.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:06:42
But you could do exactly that if merchants have varying policies, and as a merchant one might worry that people might be purchasing with bitcoin simply to play the system (at this point), rather simply to purchase their goods.
Having a good, easy to understand and explain policy to recommend as a default would be a handy thing right now.  Particularly if your product is readily resellable and\or returnable.  
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:34:57
I don't, I was just clarifying his point since you seemed to be misdirecting it at bitcoin itself.  Supposing, of course, java isn't a necessary part of bitcoin, and the use of java is merely a balance between ease of use and security.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:18:29
So I could use that as a safeguard against a price drop.  Buy $100 worth of goods and if the price drops drastically, return the goods for a crisp new $100 bill and go buy Bitcoin.  Meanwhile, find someone who refunds in straight Bitcoin and return that if the price goes up?  
Not saying this is worth the effort, but as a Retailer accepting Bitcoin, it would surely be a concern?
@_date: 2013-07-17 22:14:28
There isn't don't pay it back option.  He couldn't pull those funds for a specific amount of time if he was't verified, and if he was, then PayPal can freeze your entire account, including any money from unrelated transactions.
PayPal sucks from a sellers protection perspective.
@_date: 2013-12-17 16:05:56
Have you not heard how embedded in the money-laundering business the big banks are?
I could paste a dozen more examples from the first page of google hits for 'money laundering big banks' but copy/paste on a mobile is kind of a pain.
@_date: 2013-04-28 22:11:50
Don't use java,at least within a browser/security sense.
@_date: 2013-12-29 21:57:06
They're no unnecessary, they're practically human nature.
Put 2 people in a room and they'll generally get along with unwritten rules between themselves.  Put 1000 people in an area, and some form of government will crop up.  Whether it's enforced by the strongest, or mutual agreement, 'government' is just what we call the agreement over certain aspects of society.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:46:26
"Chase is heavily regulated and is not engaging in any activity that could even possibly be used for money-laundering."-
Ha, assume this statement was supposed to be funny?  Or are you suggesting they're just trying to eliminate the competition so they can do all the money-laundering themselves?
@_date: 2018-12-06 05:08:26
That means it wouldn’t be useful for payments anymore. Possible it could still facilitate something else though...maybe proof of ownership in something else? If Lightning was actually working, though, it would probably be almost as revolutionary as bitcoin and could certainly find a place in use for another coin.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:03:36
Right, lots of them have refund policies, but how many of those policies involve accepting payment in one currency and refunding it in another?  Especially one with a potentially wildly fluctuating conversion rate?
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:17:59
Yeah, but is it a lot of work of $1000 or $10000?  Would it be a significant loss for someone starting up and trying out bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:48:41
If disputes are settled in a private court, then that private court, and whatever stand behind that to enforce it's decisions *is* the government.  I think you confusing 'a good, fair type of government that I like and is non-obtrusive' with 'no government'.  If I moved into this community, I would be subject to the rules set in place by the community and judged by this private court.  That would be the form of 'government' I would be subjected to.  Just because you and I like that government and dislike the current forms of government, doesn't mean that our actions aren't governed by outside forces in the 'good' example'
That's what I meant by 'you don't understand' what I'm talking about.  Nothing personal.  If you said a tomato isn't a fruit because you don't think of it as a fruit, it's not personal if I said you 'don't understand' the classifications of fruits and vegetables...I'm just pointing out that that what you're describing is still a form of government...it's just a form you happen to like'
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:04:03


The thing is, 'providing the things that government provides' *is* government.  It may be down to the 'type' of government, but 'the things government provides' is what government is.  We can do without a congress, or kings or presidents or councils of elders, but we can't survive in large grope without agreeing to some type of rules, and we can't agree to some type of rules without some type of consequences, and consequences are meaningless without some type of enforcing process.  Even the hippiest of communes has a form of government.
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:15:42
None, but when $300 worth of bitcoin can turn into $1000 worth in a day, it's not outlandish.  It's like paying for something in sports scores some days around here.
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:37:30
If there is a 'private law' that I or companies have to adhere to without my/their consent, then you're simply describing a different type of government.  I'm not arguing that private enforcement of laws is bad, but if there are rules that I have to obey because I live in Montana, or the US or my neighborhood, or west of the Rockies and North of the ocean and south of group X, then that's the government.  And if there is some group in charge of enforcing these 'private laws', that's just a further example of this being the 'governing' body.  The only difference seems to be that it's run by business, and they have a perfectly acceptable name for governments like that.
Also, if you don't think this type of arrangement of yours is just as subject to corruption as any other, you obviously don't understand the value of money in obtaining unfair advantage any time a group of more than three people get together to make rules, private or otherwise. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:18:52
I don't know, there's really no unbiased way to judge that.  I don't think so, and certainly in our (US) current system 40% seems crazy, but in a small, somewhat productive society that was surrounded by dangerous neighbors? Maybe.
The thing about government is that having some form of government is almost certainly a worthwhile trade off when the other option is everyone providing their own enforcement of their own rules.  What type of government it is, and how it is kept in check is the kicker.  Some 'council of elders' that people generally obey out of respect, and a group that voluntarily joins up to enforce rules against troublemakers and outsiders might be a relatively benign for of government, but it I's a form of government.  
I'm just saying that leaving a group of people *completely* ungoverned is simply an invitation for someone else to join up and impose their own form of government on that group, through force if necessary, or threats or promises of security.   *You* can live without a government.  And maybe a handful of your like minded neighbors could get along, but some type of governed society is simply ingrained in a social, intelligent species.
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:29:57
And does is evidence point towards them not having 'any' type of government?  No 'council of elders', no person sitting in arbitration of disputes, no agreements, written or otherwise that the group agrees to obey their decision?  
Modern western culture isn't the pinnacle of social standards, but neither is our form of government the standard bearer of what a 'government' is.  Government is simply agreements between people and the overall group agreed method of maintaining those agreements.  Even if the individual citizens were in charge of carrying out punishments, there was still likely some type of group agreement in place for how that was done, and some recourse for contesting your neighbors action, even if it was an impromptu calling the other neighbors together and saying, 'Hey, I don't thing he should be able to kill my chickens just because my cow trampled their garden'.  If the neighbors could reach a consensus and override your individual desire to exact the punishment you desired, then there's an external form of government.
I'm not saying that anything close to 'our' for of government in a natural requirement, or even that's it's a good example to uphold, but groups have *always* required government, just not necessarily what we might immediately recognize as government.
@_date: 2013-12-30 01:44:55
Absolutely, there are integral problems with 'big' government, just that we don't get away with 'no' government.
Past that, there are enormous numbers of examples of regulation overreach.  As far as private industry being preferable to government services though, without the threat of 'going to jail' for not paying, private enterprise only has the threat of discontinuing services which is fine for non-essential services, but isn't so good for everything.  Private business, for instance, would have an incentive to make sure you can't get things without them, then charge you for essential things like air and water.  They also have a huge incentive to develop monopolies and can then charge up to the limit of your income for, say, water.  You might argue that they won't because it's counter productive, but maximizing profits is it's own goal, no matter how ultimately destructive their actions are, when they can roll that money into other industries that aren't adversely impacted by negative behavior in the first.
@_date: 2013-09-12 15:48:29
For a micropayment?  I doubt it would be lucrative enough to worry about encountering that too often.
@_date: 2013-07-08 18:06:04
He was in high school...doesn't really say anything about whether $300 in cosmetics was a legitimate purchase or not.
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:07:06
Who said anything about 'without violating your rights'?  In a self-governed society, you would have no rights beyond what you were to self-enforce.
@_date: 2013-12-30 01:33:37
You have no signed, or personally involved, agreements because you we're born into an existing government structure.  If you were dropped on an island with 200 other people, only local resources, and zero outside involvement or interference, you would experience first hand how integral and necessary some type of government is.
You might think the free market will resolve all issues that come up, but there is only a limited 'free market' on behavior and, while every man for himself may work for a small enough group, inevitably some people will get together to work something out to provide for some common interests.  Society can only survive so long with each person designating large resources to self preservation, keeping one eye open because you don't know if your neighbor on the left considers snoring a capital offense while your neighbor on the right considers your wife 'communal property'.
As for commerce, the new agreements you and your neighbors reach may leave commerce completely along, allowing for one of the first (or simply temporary) types of government that allows for a truly free market, and maybe you view that as best, but doesn't keep the agreements as being a form of government.  You'll probably soon realize that the agreements have to (or convincingly 'should') cover at least some types of commerce.  A central monetary system isn't necessary, but could be useful and will probably at least be considered.  You could all agree on a common currency without government, but without any type of regulation or enforcement, you will run into trust issues pretty quickly.
Anyway, 'government' is practically synonymous with 'getting along' in all but the smallest groups, though I would like to at least entertain alternatives is you have an example of a group of any size that has or could survive completely without any type of government.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:41:03
Kind of.  A person by themself doesn't need governing.  For *people* to live together there has to be some type of agreement on certain issues.  Small groups can get by without any 'governing' of these agreements. But very quickly a group will get too big for interpersonal relationships to handle the amount of agreements necessary, and they will naturally set up some type of arrangement where they are all governed by the same set of rules, and some type of enforcement of those rules.  You just don't get around that, and I beg you to show me a single example of a group of any size that can live indefinitely without  some form of rules the entire group is governed by, whether they like them or not.  
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:30:58
So that doesn't make bitcoin any different than the US dollar, and that isn't hurt much by not being allowed to be 'priced or payment' for goods.
If china uses it as a store of value, and just converts it to local fiat for the actual purchase, it's not being held back to any degree that other currencies are already.
@_date: 2013-12-07 10:11:05
Conceited?