@_author: dnscoin
@_date: 2016-08-22 06:31:49
Thanks for your donation, we really appreciate it!
We made the "bal" command as an easier way to look up base58 addresses. If you have Python, try "pip install bal" and see if it works. We haven't been able to test it on Windows yet, so we'd love some feedback on that.
@_date: 2016-08-22 07:39:31
DNS changes happen instantly on any good DNS setup (as in, the DNS server for the domain will be serving the new records straight away), but records have a TTL that indicates how many seconds recursive DNS servers can cache them for.
The TTL is a trade-off between how high the load is on the origin servers for the domain, and how quickly changed records propagate as caches expire. If you set the TTL low, many queries will hit the origin servers so they'll have higher load, but new values will propagate very quickly. If you set it high, your origin servers won't be queried as often and will have lower load, but new values will propagate slowly.
For a DNS record like " you might set the TTL at 3600 and be happy with an update taking an hour, but clearly for dynamic data like address balances, that's too long.
We set our TTLs at 60, so worst case the balance will be from one minute ago.
Note that a few broken DNS recursors don't follow the spec with regard to TTLs, and cache things for too long. This mostly applies to poor quality CPE given away for free by ISPs. If yours is broken, you can always run your own DNS resolver (we recommend unbound) or just use something like Google DNS instead.
@_date: 2016-08-22 10:52:39
DNSSEC inherently protects against this. The root zone '.' is signed, and publishes DS records for each TLD indicating the fingerprints of the keys they are signed with. So in the root zone, '.', there are DS records saying "nz is signed using a key with fingerprint ABCD". When a DNSSEC-aware resolver then looks up records in 'nz' it expects responses signed with that key. If the responses are unsigned, or signed with another key, the lookup will fail. The .nz registry then publishes our key fingerprint in a DS record for 'dnscoin.nz' (once we set up DNSSEC), and if our DNS servers don't return responses signed with that key, the lookup will fail.
This chain continues all the way down to the eventual record you're looking up. There's a bit more complexity to do with key rollover (you can publish multiple DS records so that rolling keys doesn't involve downtime) but that's basically how it works.
@_date: 2016-08-22 07:14:43
We agree! See our response to kixunil above.
@_date: 2016-08-22 06:20:53
One of the people behind the service here.
In terms of trust: we are working on implementing DNSSEC to provide authentication of the balance we return, so that you don't have to trust the network between you and our systems. You still, of course, would be trusting our systems to return the correct result.
In terms of reliability: by using DNS as the medium, we can easily provide reliability that far exceeds what most HTTP APIs provide, and probably exceeds the reliability of a local copy of the blockchain too (unless you set up multiple local nodes for redundancy -- and if your use case demands it, I would encourage you to take that route). DNS scales effectively limitlessly by just adding more nodes, and they can easily be distributed geographically.
We see this service being useful to people whose use case may not justify the cost of running one or more local nodes. For example, casual users wanting to check the balance of an address (this is what we designed the "bal" command for), people handling small-volume payments, or (once we add more functionality) researchers doing analysis on the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-08-22 14:53:59
It actually is, in theory anyway! Check out DANE, and specifically TLSA records. Client-side support (i.e. browsers) isn't there yet though.