@_author: dobr_person
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:56:01
It may be because in the UK the credit card company is liable for anything that goes wrong with the purchase. 
For example if you buy a flight and the airline goes bust the card company has to refund you. As in law they are the ones you have the contract with.
It is entirely possible that if a cryptocurrency tanks then people will claim from the card companies, and this could result in a lot of expensive payouts. 
Basically its not just 'debt' it is a contract where the bank becomes part of the contract chain and can be liable for what happens next. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 21:03:07
yes, the point is that it is expected of a banker to police their customers and make an effort to look for wrongdoing (and if bitcoin is a currency, a bitcoin exchange owner is a banker). 
You cannot 'turn a blind eye', and if you just did not look, then you are still at fault, and by law, complicit in the crime.
(whether this is good law is a different argument, I am just agreeing with you that the issue is that Shrem and HSBC assisted criminal behaviour)
I believe there are similar situations in other areas of law. e.g. if you serve someone alcohol you can be considered complicit in any actions they do when drunk, in some states.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:55:38
You were downvoted, but your answer is logical. If lack of money laundering controls is a crime, then anyone who does it should be punished, big or small.
If you believe that money laundering controls are a state intrusion into individuals right to privacy (or right to so what they want with their money), then neither should be punished, big or small.
I guess most people are somewhere in the middle, but the point is that the more bitcoin is treated like a currency, the more likely it is to become one.
A crime committed with bitcoin is still a crime.
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:58:31
yes, and to be more specific. The actual bankers that committed the crimes should be punished (which may in some cases mean the managers/senior managers rather than the admin people). As while a fine sends the correct message, the actual members of staff probably don't work there any more and are working somewhere else.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:26:12
There are various crimes that get reported as 'money laundering'. What they usually are, for banks, is not having sufficient controls to stop people using the services you offer as part of a series of transactions linked to a crime.
HSBC did not check up on what their customers were up to (when it looked suspicious). Likewise any company offering bitcoin services is legally obliged to ensure that the transactions they assist with are not part of a criminal enterprise.
Obviously this is difficult with bitcoin, but not impossible. 
I believe that the issue is that just like it should have been obvious to HSBC that some of their customers were involved in the drug trade, it should have been obvious that some of the transactions on silk road involved drugs. Edit - and that was the issue in this case, the link to silk road.
@_date: 2018-12-09 11:30:48
You need the actual computer. The actual HDD. Contact the store asap, contact their warehouse, do what you can to get the computer HDD.
Maybe, maybe it is possible to recover the formatted drive and get the screenshot or whatever, or something. 
Using the same tools police use to find deleted stuff.  If you can get the computer you could pay someone to attempt recovery. If you can't pay them you could offer a reward. Just make sure you agree upfront in writing what the deal is.