@_author: doc_samson
@_date: 2018-01-29 19:55:46
Ok fair enough then, in that respect then I don't disagree with anything you said.
For me though it isn't protocol &gt; price or protocol &lt; price.
For me its protocol ∧ price. :)
@_date: 2018-01-19 18:06:48
I believe CapitalOne announced recently that they were stopping last week. And my credit union froze all access for all members to and from all exchanges at the end of September -- and get this, *specifically chose not to inform anyone*. Had a manager finally admit that they didn't send out any notice after a lot of back and forth discussion about the problem. I didn't find out until I tried to use my CC again in November. Before September I didn't have much problem other than having to talk to the fraud department the first time I tried to use the CC on Coinbase. So pissed at them.
Meanwhile another CU I use has no problem with it, and another bank (USAA) integrates a Coinbase login into their dashboard so you can view your bank accounts, investments, and Coinbase balance all in one place. (not that I do that for security reasons but still shows the variation in policies)
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:31:10
Which may be counterbalanced by the ones who viewed Goldman's endorsement of it as sketchy and moved to JP Morgan because he was "safer".
@_date: 2018-01-27 21:52:43
Given my trading history I should buy it for $11,900 and then sell it to you for $1,900.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:24:47
* The 21 million limit is imposed by the software. The software only recognizes transactions that follow specified rules. If anyone modifies the software to violate the rules their transactions will be ignored. The core devs could make the change but then the rest of the network would probably just fork the code, roll back the change, and essentially ignore the devs from that point on and replace them. Nobody really wants the number to go up.
* Mining is the process of solving a *very very hard* cryptographic puzzle (randomly generating hashes until one with a specified number of leading zeros is generated) for the purpose of securing transactions. Miners are the systems that validate transactions, so when you submit a transaction to the network the miners put it into the next block that will be added to the blockchain. When they solve the puzzle they get the rights to "seal" the block and broadcast it out to the rest of the network. All user nodes receive the new block containing all the new valid transactions (maybe 1000 tx per block) and they add it to their copy of the blockchain. The way the system is written, user nodes will reject any block that isn't properly signed by a mining node that won the cryptographic race. This puzzle is what allows the entire network to agree on a single copy of the ledger.
* FYI the blockchain is a distributed account ledger. Look up some intro videos on Bitcoin and they will explain it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:13:44
Heh I bought in at $3500 and between BTC rising and fiddling with a couple of alts my numbers were up nearly 8x a few days ago. Now I'm almost down to my initial investment.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:12:12
So.... $5k Bitcoin? You're gonna piss a lot of people off with that one.
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:30:06
Except there can easily be a capital flight when people "discover" that they are invested in "the imposter bitcoin" etc.
Don't get me wrong, I completely get your points about trust. My point though is when it comes to wider adoption that trust can be helped or harmed by things like this, and given the fact that this publication is happening anyway it would be a prudent move to try to ensure it helps.
@_date: 2018-01-13 22:59:38
Of course but they will still have records of transactions they periodically audit and close your account if it trips any flags. If they implement KYC/AML they can prevent you from opening a new one.
Sad part is you can legitimately buy a laundered coin that changed hands several times but the exchange may still shut you down.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:41:20
The idea that someone would have $100k liquid in stocks has *never* heard of Bitcoin and would then just throw *all* of their stock earnings into Bitcoin *without knowing anything about it* is............... 
...... well I started to say "a stretch" but it's not exactly the dumbest story that's been told here.
But still...  
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:17:20
True, but it is still a fact that miners are some of the biggest whales out there. They just tried a hostile takeover of the entire network a few months ago.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:19:04
Cryptocurrency really is an amazing technology. Anyone can participate at any time without licenses or anything. It's the wild west right now. I predict within ten years there will be some form of regulation imposed on the system, but for now it is pretty much wide open. The markets are almost completely unregulated, which leads to massive 100x gains but also high risk due to manipulation.
@_date: 2018-01-07 22:40:22
Those statements are true, whether you agree with them or not.
Satoshi solved two major problems, Bitcoin has so far been resilient to essentially every attack, and whether you like Adam Back and his team or not nobody can really argue that they aren't elite-level cryptography experts.
@_date: 2018-01-27 23:21:39
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:26:06
Is there any information on a realistic mainnet implementation date? Even a general timeframe other than "soon"?
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:52:28
Shame because that 2d graph showing icons w/ coin % held vs % gain is really sweet.
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:13:04
Very well said and echoes my thoughts overall. Agreed on the process they are following I'll just say I've done a *lot* of work with the government and this is essentially exactly how these things go. They don't know the details so they hired consultants and put out RFIs to industry and compiled responses. That's why public input periods are important.
But I disagree on the bit about not correcting them, which I feel is important for the reasons I stated. NIST's definitions will have *tremendous* sway across government and industry. There are federal laws (FISMA &amp; GISRA) that mandate agencies establish baselines and follow frameworks like RMF to assess and authorize their information systems, and those laws mandate they follow NIST guidelines. NIST is *enormously* influential in this regard.
So for a far-fetched hypothetical example, say Microsoft implements their "identity-on-Bitcoin" project they've been talking about. Government sees this and likes the idea and decides to implement it within certain agencies. Since "Bitcoin" is formally defined in a NIST publication as being bcash guess which blockchain would be formally codified into federal regulations as the "official identity blockchain of the US government"?
And once the USG endorses it then it is only a matter of time before industry does as well.
That's just one example of why its a big deal. I'm all for the decentralization vs authority idea, but in reality that's just not how the world currently works. We have to deal with millions of people and companies and organizations that take their cues from a few large centralized players like the government and NIST, so we should attempt to influence those definitions and decisions through the established process whenever possible. Because the other side clearly is doing that.
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:50:46
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:07:41
Wait until people realize they will be taxed for eating more calories. Since he is explicitly creating currency the IRS should deem it as a capital gain. 
Holy shit can you imagine the craziness crypto is going to create going forward.
*What the fuck I owe $25 in taxes for my $10 cheeseburger??*
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:37:08
That may be the particular case here, but there are other banks already blocking all transactions with Coinbase or any other exchange. No credit card purchases, no ACH, no wire transfers, in or out bound. It's starting.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:10:56
Allows banks to work with each other across trust boundaries.
It isn't necessary that it be *public* only that it not be *completely* private and all in the hands of one bank.
If 100 banks operate on the same blockchain they can significantly reduce transfer fees. (that's Ripple's game)
Same applies to things like supply chains etc.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:10:28
IIRC that already happens. Pretty sure I've seen complaints about exchanges closing accounts over that.
@_date: 2018-01-01 06:49:42
I played a hunch and checked your site, and yup, it even includes Admiralty Law. You are now tagged as a sovereign citizen nutjob.
You are also repeatedly spamming in violation of Intergalactic Law.
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:48:11
You clearly don't realize what it takes to actually understand the field of crypto. Anyone who can commit to understanding both the technology and the economics involved will go far in virtually any area of life they choose, because they are not only intelligent but also sufficiently self-disciplined to learn and apply difficult concepts.
Keep laughing from the sidelines with a beer in your hand while they pass you by.
@_date: 2018-01-29 05:37:30
NIST establishes the standards and definitions that in turn guide policy and implementation throughout the US, both in government and in the private sector.
So it is a pretty big deal to get right from the start. Pretty soon there will be people in real positions of authority saying this and they can point back to NIST as the authoritative source for their facts.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:15:51


This is incorrect. You are assuming crypto-crypto exchanges are considered "like-kind" exchanges, but they really aren't. You can't even trade a car for a pickup truck under those rules even though they are both personal vehicles.
Basically you realize a taxable gain or loss on every trade.
Here's a good article: 
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:32:06
You are thinking of other cryptos with the video card bit. Bitcoin moved past video cards for mining around 5 years ago. Now it requires highly specialized chips designed specifically for it. The rigs are expensive and loud and sound something like turbine engines.
There is no monetary policy in Bitcoin beyond the code which is designed to pay out fewer and fewer coins to miners over time. The payout already halved twice and it halves every four years.
The overwhelming majority of people don't mine, they just buy/sell. Miners are multimillion dollar operations with 25,000 specialized of those computers running on siphoned electricity from a hydro dam in China or a nuke plant in Russia.
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:12:12
In addition to what others have said, there are a few other theoretical ideas behind why it has value:
* It was designed from day one to be a trustless currency and store of value separate from any central control, meaning no government or bank has the ability to print more money (there will only ever be 21 million bitcoins created) or prevent you from sending money anywhere, etc.
* It is pseudonymous -- it is very difficult to trace a particular account back to a particular person. It *is* possible to trace transactions in certain circumstances, especially when using external aggregate info (like the IRS demanding info from Coinbase) but in general it is pretty private.
* It is extremely secure and well-designed. The original designer solved two of the toughest problems in computer science history to invent it, and it has been upgraded over the years by some of the best cryptographers on the planet.
* It is very censorship-resistant and attack-resistant. Look up the term "anti-fragile" -- basically every time it is attacked (hundreds of times now) it just gets stronger. This makes people trust it more.
* It takes an *extreme* amount of electricity to mine it. The mining network is effectively orders of magnitude stronger than the fastest supercomputer -- it was [four exahashes per second in 2016]( and "the growth of mining pools has led many people to believe bitcoin is the most secure computational network in history." Miners want to get their money's worth. It is highly likely that they manipulate the markets to drive prices up to make it worth their while.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:15:50




It's almost as if *someone* worked with all of these vendors to introduce the same exploitable security flaw.
@_date: 2018-01-01 06:26:26
Stanley Milgram pretty much proved that though.




people in the experiment and having my own intuition shaped
and informed by these experiments, that if a system of death
camps were set up in the United States of the sort we had seen in Nazi Germany, one would be able to find sufficient personnel for
those camps in any medium-sized American town. (CBS News,
Sixty Minutes, March 3 1, 1979) 
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:57:51
Right but it is just an assumption. How will you get companies to actually sign on and literally give up their number one competitive advantage? For example, Uber literally exists because it has a virtual lock on the ride sharing communications channel. This idea depends on Uber voluntarily giving up that control, giving up their data, and abandoning their platform.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:15:20
Yes that happens a lot.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:00:23
Serious answer: There is an infinitely varying supply of Monopoly money and skeeball tokens and plastic toy tokens but they aren't adopted as currency by anyone. Why is that? Because nobody trusts that the *next* person will accept it as currency. That's it.
One thing that is obscuring outsiders' perception of the cryptocurrency market is that very few of the coins on there are actually designed to be *currencies* at all. Many of course are simple pump-and-dump scams foisted on unsuspecting people, while others are used as a vehicle to raise money for various projects in lieu of a regulated stock IPO. Neither of those is realistically a viable option for currency or anything else going forward, but we are in the 1997 phase of the dot-com boom so there are tons of batshit crazy ideas being thrown out to see what sticks to the wall. Over time most will die out just like Pets.com and Altavista.
However, a significant number of the coins are platforms providing features like automated smart contracts and even paying a form of "dividends" daily to coin holders. They *can* be used as currencies but they can *also* be used as platforms on which to build other applications and services.
So think of it as buying pieces of Google's APIs and then being able to trade some of those pieces for a cup of coffee or a piece of land or for someone else's barrel of oil. That's the best analogy I can think of offhand. Because coins are *kind of* like currencies and *kind of* like stocks and *kind of* like bonds and *kind of* like precious metals but they aren't *exactly* like any of them.
Crypto is a completely new asset class. Nobody has really figured out the rules yet.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:19:16
You mean the same high net worth holders who made tens of millions by investing in things Jamie Dimon likes?
I'm sure they just closed their accounts over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:16:26
AMDs are exposed too
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:59:51
Yeah I'm hopeful, like I said I like the ideas put forward in that article, but we need to not get ahead of ourselves. Especially with the headlines coming from the bloodletting we are experiencing now, as long as this kind of volatility exists people will be very wary.
Businesses depend on stability. They don't speculate much, they look for long-term stable slow steady growth. A CEO announcing they are anchoring the entire enterprise to a system that is so volatile would be board room suicide. There's a reason board governance exists -- to guarantee the business leaders uphold their fiduciary duty to shareholders. C-level execs are caregivers for shareholder investments, and placing the future of billions of dollars of investment at the whim of a volatile unproven tech is never going to be acceptable. Not until they are extremely stable.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:48:19
Just skimmed over it but there seems to be a fundamental problem with this line of thinking:


We saw something similar with XML and related technologies 15 years ago. There was so much hype around the idea that companies could provide XML feeds of their product lists with prices and then search engines could index them and allow customers to browse for the lowest price.
Several search engines sprung up around this idea. It was going to "revolutionize commerce."
But it completely ignored the fact that *companies profit from walled gardens.*
I *love* the idea of "Transit protocol" and others, and am a huge blockchain proponent, but I don't see this actually playing out in real life. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:18:59
BTC surged after each one though so that doesn't make sense.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:08:04


There is a new cryptocurrency on the scene that does exactly that. ([video demo]( Well "instant" defined as a few seconds. There's a couple others that are in that same ballpark and their fees are infinitely small. Bitcoin Lightning is also extremely fast and fees are tiny fractions of a penny. ([here's a demo on the test network]( but it is in beta on the live network right now) None of them are ready for prime time yet but they are all coming.
As far as counterparty risk, one defining feature of crypto is that transactions generally cannot be recalled once spent. So if you send Bitcoin to someone you cannot "reverse the charge" at a later date after receiving your goods and defraud the seller. This is the general rule across all cryptocurrencies. That is both a blessing and a curse, because if you type the address wrong, oops.
There are other methods as well in some systems. Smart contracts basically are a bit of code that run in the network (no servers -- literally it executes on machines worldwide effectively creating a global virtual machine) that enforces certain constraints. So you can commit funds to a contract with code that will then forward the funds to one or more parties when certain conditions are met, i.e. upon a certain date, or when an external system/sensor reports that some state has changed (external logistics system reports delivery of goods via API call, weather sensor reports weather change, etc).
Much simpler than smart contracts are basic multi-signature transactions. Bitcoin and some others support this. Basically you can have an M-of-N situation where you and I don't trust each other but we both trust Bob who has a reputation for acting as a trusted escrow-type agent. You can then send money using a transaction that requires 2 of the 3 of us to sign off on the final receipt of funds. You and I won't agree if one of us is trying to defraud the other, and Bob's reputation would be ruined if he committed fraud, so everyone has an incentive to be honest because if they aren't they stand to lose their funds.
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:46:14
How much did you pay for that? The last one they have is priced at $11,900 which is *ridiculous*. But otherwise it looks sweet as hell.
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:57:13
It's ludicrous that nootropics is lumped in with illegal drugs by some people.
I'm on a simple nootropic stack right now. Caffeine + theanine. Plus all the OTC supplements I took this morning. To lump an entire category in with illegal drugs because some Chinese manufacturers lace some supplements with things they shouldn't is nuts.
@_date: 2018-01-07 23:46:31
Satoshi resolved the Byzantine Generals problem in a way that allows the network to agree on decisions. Before he did that all previous efforts at a distributed currency failed. Since the problem was essentially defined in the mid-70s and not solved until 2009, that means it took almost 40 years to resolve, i.e. roughly half the entire lifespan of computer science up to that point. That is not hype.
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:18:02
Oh I should have also said, caffeine + theanine is like the intro stack and is extremely well studied. L-Theanine is available at Walmart and is the ingredient in green tea that makes you feel calm. Caffeine alerts your body and mind while the theanine smooths out the jitters and lets you focus. Kind of like a baby adderrall.
2:1 ration of theanine:caffeine is recommended. I take 100mg caffeine : 200mg theanine, have for at least two years when studying while finishing college and now on grad school work, works great.
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:13:16
What "they" are you referring to specifically? There are tons of nootropics. I don't get into anything you can't buy in a store yet because I'm about to retire from the military so I'm not risking my pension and bennies on the chance China *may* lace something in. I'll wait a few months until I'm no longer being watched while I pee in a cup periodically. But I'm super eager to try something like aniracetam after getting out. Definitely check out and other sites, do your homework.
The stuff I use now is OTC supplements only. For brain and body.
One thing I currently like is Acetyl L-Carnitine + Huperzine + Vinpocetene. That's the ingredients of Procera AVH which is expensive as hell, but I found it on sale at CVS about 90% off and bought two bottles. Always felt super sharp while on it. After it ran out I bought the ingredients for about half the price and it works, not as well as Procera but I still feel a bit sharper.
The biggest IMO is just diet, blood flow, and vitamin levels. Many people are deficient in B3/6/12 which will destroy your brain over time, and virtually everyone is at least 90% deficient in Vitamin D due to a math error in the RDA for the past 50 years. (look it up, you should be getting 7000-10000 IU per day) I was horribly deficient in both, once my doc had me start on oral and injectable vitamins I'm like a different person.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:11:02
Person =/= address.
One person can have infinite addresses.
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:11:45
Ah yeah I getcha now.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:14:17
No the example showed that the entire idea failed completely and the protocol idea was scrapped.
They won't jump on. They will actively oppose it. The best way to pursue this is to have an open standard, but the businesses will pile on and dominate the committees and delay progress or inject their own loopholes into the standards. Just like they've done several times already.
Sure we'll just replace Uber through an open protocol that nobody will adopt, because Uber has a lock on the customers and benefits from the network effect.
I mean ok if they can get token payments to early adopters then *maybe* that can bootstrap the network. Fine I can accept that.
But first we have to get crypto to work as a currency, and nearly ten years later we still don't have *that* part worked out. So as much as I love crypto and blockchains (and I'm starting a local chapter of an advocacy group right now) I don't see this *particular* approach happening anytime soon. Blockchain adoption by companies/orgs/consortiums/governments? Yes, certainly. But this idea is a step even beyond that.
It's a *great* idea, I like it, but I'm not betting on it being realized until my grandkids are finishing school. And they aren't quite born yet.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:23:49
What is happening with bitconnect? I thought bitfinex was on the death list due to tether...
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:52:58
Good points.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:47:55
This is a more reasonable position then. I don't fully agree with you economically but do agree there is far less exploitation in the US than elsewhere. However, there is still significant exploitation in the West, it just isn't as overt but rather baked into overlapping sociopolitical systems and power structures so it isn't as visible. But certainly the exploitation is not so severe that people live in fear for their lives. (usually anyway, because of course we've had plenty of times in our history where whole groups lived in terror)
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:20:03
Seriously, try giving some away, to individuals or charities or just random people. Giving is one of the greatest feelings in the world, it reminds you to be grateful that you have the ability to help so many other people. That's a power I and many others would love to have.
I've very often dreamed of setting up charities and whatnot if I were in your situation, finding ways to help others. That would probably become my full time job and life purpose. So in a lot of ways I really envy your situation. 
I know it is tough with family/friends and new realities, and I'm sorry you have to deal with that. Maybe this is an opportunity for you to make your own happiness by using some of what you have for good. Help some poor kids change their lives permanently. Not just Christmas money but a real lasting permanent change for people. MAKE A DIFFERENCE^TM . Things like that.
That can also help you feel that you matter to others again, which is likely something you are missing right now. That's a horrible feeling, I understand.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:07:23
Talking about channels in context with reddit raises another idea -- what if reddit created a channel and integrated it directly into every sub. Just click a link in the sidebar to use it. Now every user can directly exchange funds with every other user. Add a link to the popup when you mouseover a username -- *message user* | *pay user* | ...
Reddit can become a new marketplace, and take a tiny fraction of a % of fee off the top. And they don't have to become some regulated financial entity because they are just facilitating payments, not operating as a bank/PayPal.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:15:59
Bitcoin is unique precisely because it is able to adapt to new realities and conditions, unlike legacy assets.
It is also capable of being both a store of value and an efficient currency simultaneously. If side-chain transactions become a reality then Bitcoin will be a hybrid of gold and cash at the same time.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:30:03
Just an analogy.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:42:27
Ironically for the people downvoting you, he apparently was a huge advocate of the Tenth Amendment and separation of fed/state powers.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:11:51
Fair point, thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:34:35
Have seen tx with many hundreds routinely, thousands quite often.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:01:58
Awesome! I'm talking about creating self-sustaining systems that work to bring about change, not one-off payments. Things like charities, foundations, that sort of thing.
Just a thought, not a criticism though. Congrats on your position. I wish like hell that I had listened to the voice in my head when I saw Bitcoin discussed going back to 2010. I could have paid off my stepson's college loans that he went into bankruptcy over (without telling us because he was ashamed) and changed his life instead of watching the greatest guy I've known struggle constantly. Could have helped my daughter get a better start. Helped my stepdaughter and her husband move forward instead of scrabbling at the margins each paycheck. Could have given my wife who has sacrificed so much her entire life working for others much better healthcare and better quality of life instead of pain and stress. So many things. But I was naive and stupid and thought I knew better. I've since done a ridiculous amount of research into the tech and am a true believer in its power and even wrote a giant thesis on it, but will regret every day that I didn't get into it sooner. Not because of lambos but because I could have changed lives permanently. (which I understand you have done as well, which is fantastic, again not a criticism of you)
Sorry for the rant. :\
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:22:14
I completed about a third to half of this course back in the summer while doing research into bitcoin and blockchains. It's incredibly well done and dives pretty deep into the design and the technology.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:57:01
Expecting the government to actually do the job we elected its leaders to do and enforce the tax laws equally instead of financially destroying middle class people who can't fight back is *utopia*?
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:36:36
They don't have to actually buy or sell any.
Think about it: You and every other investor sees that most major traders are shorting Bitcoin. What do you do? Say "hah those guys who have been doing this for decades are suckers!" or do the *rational self interest* thing and decide to minimize your losses and sell now before the *real suckers* find out?
The futures market will signal to the bulk of investors what *real* investors think will happen in the future, and since they have teams of brilliant analysts working for them and are putting millions of their own dollars on the line (buying the futures contracts) to back up their claims then the market will pay attention.
My prediction anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:53:49
No I've never heard of encryption. What is that? Can you explain that to me like I'm three years old?
Look, you seem to be misunderstanding the nature of the problem. Not every problem can be magically solved by waving the "just encrypt it" wand. You have tons of legal and regulatory liability issues at play, with organizations that will change *slowly*. Things like this work very well for groups like that.
Besides if you think we should all just pile on a public blockchain, would you like to join me in another round of mocking Ethereum for having severe scalability problems for doing exactly that?
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:13:07
So what you're saying is there is a hidden network of power brokers secretly coordinating these stories coming out to promote Bitcoin adoption in a strategic fashion.........
Nah, doubt that. They are just hopping on the cultural meme train.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:17:03
So you think it would have been better for the country for Hillary to win?
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:05:37
Agree 1000%. This same bank gave me some bullshit a year ago about being unable to raise our CC limit without us unlocking my wife's frozen credit reports (which we couldn't do as we were on vacation and didn't have the PINs with us) but then a couple months ago "preapproved" us and doubled our credit limit. And I was trying to buy less than 1/10th of that limit, on a card we usually have a *negative* balance on because we pay off purchases immediately the same day they are made. (the CC is just a pass-through layer of fraud protection for us)
The rep spun some bullshit about Coinbase not properly enabling "tracing" for wires through the Fed. When I challenged "are you saying the Fed allows Coinbase to participate in its network without implementing all requirements, or do you mean that you know Coinbase doesn't meet all requirements yet you *were* letting me send funds anyway before?" Got nothing but "ums" for that one.
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:56:07
Flattered but it isn't published anywhere, and it wasn't what I would call publishable anyway. It was just a requirement of the school. They imposed a stupid format that made what should have been a 20-page page document take up 70+ pages of repetition and excessive over-explanation.
It was about the impact of blockchains on social trust and the implications on things like democracy. TLDR blockchains improve democracy because it eliminates the discount for transitive trust and thus boosts generalized trust in society, a prerequisite for democracy to flourish.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:02:14
And then the investors see a bargain and buy and it goes back up. There's an old comic strip somewhere out there showing the cycle.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:20:47
Many on the Bitcoin Cash side including all of its leaders are vehemently anti-Bitcoin to the point they have actively tried to destroy it for months.
That is not "Don't like it? Don't use it." That is hostile and anti-freedom. It is actively seeking to reduce user choice coercively, which is an expression of power and therefore evil.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:05:28
CME futures have been on a steady downtrend since this all started. Originally they were projecting fluctuations between $19-22k over the next few months, now they consistently project $15k through the summer.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:46:12
Understood, but as someone whose dad was also determined to do everything by himself, let me tell you the family and especially us kids would have been a LOT better off and avoided a LOT of dark times if he hadn't let that get in the way. Pride is great but just remember the people you will be competing with in life *will* use those benefits and get a leg up in the market and in life.
Your kids (if you have any) are the ones who will stand to hurt or benefit the most. Just saying. Take care and good luck.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:05:36
They won't use wrenches. They will just seize your assets, your passport, your driver's license, business license, professional license, etc.
Until you comply. 
They do this all the time for other crimes *today*.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:22:41
Buffett specifically called for raising the capital gains tax on the wealthy.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:23:53
Agreed. I see it in other alt subs as well.
I mean I guess its better than playing the lottery because at least your expected value is positive in many cases even if just a little bit, but certainly not infinitely wealthy.
But I won't lie, sometimes I like holding onto the dream too. :)
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:45:09
I agree some of these laws are stupid, however what if you "fixed" it by filling it with styrofoam and painting over it and someone got hurt? Who is liable? Why shouldn't you be liable? And if you say you should how would anyone know? What if you "fixed" a random pothole elsewhere in town? 
Silly example obviously but I'm sure you get the point. Many "stupid" laws are driven by a completely different motive than the private sector: protect The People.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:34:24


So if a group of companies/organizations come together in a contract and need to share data, but they don't want to commit to trusting just one of them to control all the data, their only option is to use a completely public blockchain?
You don't seem to understand the actual use cases here, and you are trying to force a square peg into a round hole.
Example: EduCTX released a paper on a project they are working on to use a blockchain to streamline transfer of education credits between colleges in Europe, and potentially around the world. The blockchain is a *consortium* blockchain meaning membership is restricted to colleges and the data on it is restricted to education credentials. And it uses a *delegated PoS* consensus. In that system "coins" represent credits and schools give "coins" (credits) to students to represent completion of various courses. All schools in the network share the blockchain so they all have immediate instant access to every student's credentials on demand (once the student grants them access) streamlining the credit transfer process.
Compare that to the situation schools face now, where it can take *weeks* to *months* to get your credits reviewed and transferred between schools. I am *intimately* familiar with this problem. Blockchains may present a solution to the current byzantine system that harms students and wastes student and taxpayer funds. But in order to comply with student protection laws (such as FERPA in the US) there is NO way these schools will ever sign on to a "public" blockchain where "anyone" can see their data.
You don't seem to understand this is just ONE situation in ONE industry. Consider all the potential applications in medicine, with HIPAA dictating the process.
Blockchains are far more powerful than just Bitcoin. Bitcoin is the incubator, but blockchains are about to graduate and leave the nest.
EduCTX Paper: 
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:43:58
Yeah this is what it looks like to me as well.
Bitcoin will be the "global reserve currency" of the crypto world.
And it pretty much already is. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:16:46
Can you imagine the chaos that would ensue?
I wonder what would happen to the price of BTC if he dumped BCH and used it to buy up tons more BTC.
Supply/Demand dictates the price should go up, but it would also be like Mt St Helens going off. Who the fuck knows what would happen to the price.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:25:38


You are acting like there was no exploitation of anyone until government was created.
This is the same bullshit logic that says there was no war in Africa or among the Native Americans until white colonists arrived. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:23:49
Ah yeah that makes sense. Thanks.


That's hilarious. I came in late to the party so I missed the first couple years of Segwit drama but watching the behavior of the BCH and 2X leadership leading up to the forks made me want to take a shower to get the slime off.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:38:29
I'm saying that you are incorrectly limiting yourself to your two data sets. Also your "only three options" is a fallacy. There can be an infinite variety of outcomes. You are artificially limiting your thinking to extremes. It's the *false dichotomy* fallacy. I'm asking you to learn about that fallacy and stop making that mistake.
When you go higher in academia the fields often start to get really fuzzy and distinctions break down. I worked for a PhD who technically was a mathematician but defined some theories for analyzing social networks and collaborated a lot with social scientists. I've seen economists who do a lot of math modeling of social behaviors and then express those models through software which is traditionally a computer science function. There are colleges that offer Computer Science through their liberal arts curriculum. Hell most people have no idea that *math is a liberal art* not a science.
I'll also say that most people drastically underestimate the amount of math required in most high-level academic fields. And if you look at a chart of the different fields of math it might blow your mind -- [there are over 100 math fields]( and most of them were created in the past century alone. And each of them in some way can be and has been used by social scientists.
This isn't "social science &gt; STEM" its just a statement that you aren't acknowledging the existence of other possibilities. And that is why people are labeling you with the "STEM Master Race" label, because you are blinding yourself without realizing it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:36:46
Just go to the thread, it's a shitshow with all the mudslinging and FUD from Imagine seeing that as someone who watches the show.
Because let's face it, the show is largely for people who think the show is about smart people, which means they probably aren't willing to go through what it takes to learn the details.
But in general its straightforward: "There's this app called Coinbase, you can create an account and use your debit card to buy coins easily, just like loot boxes in Battlefront II!"
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:23:37
Large banks will be able to set up networks of LN nodes and ensure they have massive amounts of liquidity, therefore helping control the flow of money and locking up transaction fees. That sound like where you are going with that?
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:23:27
da fuq i just look at?
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:03:04
Ok fair enough, I wasn't trying to D vs R at all just ask about your intent. If you think it would have been better for Ron Paul to take away votes from Trump that would have probably caused a split in the GOP. Evangelicals would not have gotten so whipped up to turn out for him in droves, so it would be more likely that Hillary would have won.
For the record I think regardless of whether Hillary or Trump won there should have been an investigation and perp walks out of the White House, so I'm not a partisan hack.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:36:50
"domain investor" lol
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:15:59
I know very well what DNS is and how it works, its just an analogy. Thought that was obvious.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:19:17
IOTA is designed for nanotransactions by internet of things devices. Enabling the creation of billions of autonomous economic actors creating their own markets on the fly all the time. Charging for electricity by the second, charging for a self-driving car by the second, etc.
Also it is working on some specialized hardware logic capabilities with chip manufacturers using ternary instead of binary logic because it is far more efficient for hashing. There is no mining in IOTA, each node that initiates a transaction has to verify two others in exchange, so hashing has to be extremely low-power. Using ternary would make that hashing far more efficient. The number of IOTA created is because it is a perfectly round number in ternary. Because so many were created it is bundled into MIOTA, a million IOTA per MIOTA.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:30:54
Interesting, but no I have never been able to watch more than a couple minutes of BBT to be honest.
But I wouldn't be surprised.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:25:24
The difference between [a dip]( and a [bear market]( is just a difference in time scales.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:16:49
Ok well just keep in mind you yourself said crypto only requires knowing how to tap a screen, yet somehow fiat doesn't?
Paypal? Bank transfers? Venmo? .... Just saying.
A proper comparison would be BTC/fiat both "tapping on screen" or BTC/fiat both explained at the "guts/plumbing" level. Not one at the high level and one at the low level, then of course the one you chose to explain at the high level would win because you rigged the game that way.
I'm tired and slightly drunk too so wtf is the point of this argument anyway lol.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:55:55
Here's my take...
Satoshi left. When he left he made sure the community was in good hands. A process was established by the community and devs to handle upgrades. That process has been used successfully repeatedly to improve the bitcoin system. That process is open and democratic, and implementations occur by voluntary participation of the nodes. Those who choose to participate in the process download the new version. Those who choose not to do not download the new version, or they fork and move on. That process was followed openly and fairly to implement segwit. 
Whether satoshi would or would not agree with it is not really relevant at this point. He wasn't Harry Seldon, he couldn't foresee every possible problem. He left the community in charge and trusted it to operate in a fair and open and non-destructive manner to preserve bitcoin, and it has done that. 
The community is therefore fulfilling his overall vision -- a mechanism of value transfer owned by nobody, managed by consensus. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:23:50
I said before the whitepaper is actually reasonably understandable to anyone with a decent high school education. Maybe add in 15 minutes of whiteboard explanation of public key crypto and hashing concepts. That's all it takes. It's brilliant. I was blown away by that when I finally read it.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:53:55
Honestly there is absolutely *nothing* wrong with subsidized loan repayment for those who put themselves at risk far more than 99% of the military ever will. The benefit would not exist if a lot of people hadn't agreed that the perk should exist. 
That's something the military advised me when prepping for retirement -- factor benefits into your compensation, because the people who set up the pay scales absolutely *do* factor those perks in and assume you will use them. So if you aren't using those perks then you are effectively shorting yourself by agreeing to accept less pay. This is something that a *lot* of people in our type of jobs have trouble understanding, but it is *critical* to understand that in order to avoid screwing ourselves and our families inadvertently. You are doing far more than the overwhelming majority of people -- you are *earning* that benefit.
The taxpayers have voted and those benefits were created specifically to get you to take the risks you take. There is absolutely nothing morally wrong with using those benefits, because the taxpayers already chose to give them to you. You aren't making others pay for your decisions, its a strictly voluntary bilateral agreement, and you are upholding your side of the bargain and they *want* you to use that benefit. *That's what it's for.* Besides I would much rather that benefit be used by someone with your integrity and character than someone who just wants to slack off. I can tell you would actually respect the benefit and end up giving back far more in effort than you receive anyway.
Besides that's a shitload of money that can make you and your family's life far better. Imagine investing that same amount into a home and investments and college for kids. You have a responsibility to your family first, and the taxpayers and the government want you to do that. Change your family tree. 
Just my opinion.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:53:03
To add onto what said, the only way your node is valuable is if it participates in transactions. If you stand up 10,000 nodes you gain nothing unless they are all participating in transactions.
The nodes don't add to the blockchain. They only verify that new blocks are correct and choose to accept them.
@_date: 2017-12-27 01:11:07
[Careful what you wish for kid.](
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:28:35
This needs to be understood more. It was difficult for me to wrap my head around until one of the core devs explained it to me.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:16:59
So you think the attacks against BCH are fair and there has been no underhanded dealings by Blockstream or any of the Core devs?
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:07:35
Agreed, that guy seems like an insufferable prick. However....


You needed skill and ability and knowledge to invest in bitcoin -- skill to research and ability t understand the technology, knowledge gained from that research, the ability to communicate with and the skills to listen to those more experienced than you, and it took all of those to navigate perhaps the most volatile completely unregulated market out there right now.
Yes it took some luck as well, but **Chance favors the prepared mind.**
Will luck be a factor if you become wealthy? Of course! But there is NO chance luck would have helped you become wealthy if you hadn't had the knowledge, skills, and abilities to play in the market in the first place.
So if you become wealthy will you attribute it ALL to luck? Or will you attribute YOUR success to all the hard work you put in?
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:27:10


Yes. The core dev explicitly said anyone who advocates using a full node but does not state that they need to use it in transactions is either implying it needs to be or does not understand how the system works.


That's a good question. I don't have one so I'm not sure how they work. Is there wallet software on the hardware, or do you install software on the computer that interfaces with the hardware and the *software* is the wallet while the hardware is just storage? If the latter then I would think it comes down to which fork the hardware vendor chooses to support -- you use the current version of the software to access the current network, or download the new one to access the fork (assuming they chose to switch). I think this was probably an issue for discussion leading up to the 2X date.


I worded that a bit incorrectly, but there were posts here from Adam Back I believe on Twitter saying they had detected X number of new 2X or BCH nodes spun up from the same location, so there are things they can determine.
What I was trying to get at is that (as I understand it, and as Satoshi wrote it in the whitepaper) other participants will be able to detect the fraudulent transactions on the chain (perhaps not immediately but eventually) and bail out leaving you holding a bunch of expensive zeros and ones. That may be because of off-chain chatter among the community alerting others that something is wrong leading to an investigation, just like we see anywhere on reddit every few days. That's how I understand it anyway but I won't claim to have firsthand expert knowledge.
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:18:12
Thanks! I'm humbled. :)
I had to write a freaking giant paper in school so I chose blockchains and this line of thought is where I ended up: enhancing transitive trust enhances society.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:24:53
Bingo. And blockchains by their nature have a much broader applicability than just currency tracking, so the market potential (and thus resulting % of GDP) is far larger, and hence more attractive to investor capital.
"Blockchains" will create far more jobs than Bitcoin will.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:44:42
You guys are so pathetic. I own over 25 IOTA! ^(not MIOTA just IOTA...)
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:11:34
If it were a large group though they would have needed to organize the codebase more so they could each work on a component without stepping on others' toes. The early code didn't have that kind of structure, suggesting one author. Maybe two or three worked on the concepts, and maybe tweaked code back and forth, but not a shared project they all wrote to like we see today.
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:12:25
Or like the talking head lady the other day claiming bitcoins can be "created ad infinitum" ....
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:32:31
1. Go to Coinbase support website.
2. Search for coin of choice.
3. Make purchase decision based on whether you see 0 search results or 1 result.
4. Profit?  (who knows)
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:34:05
Bingo. Government has a lot of problems but anyone who looks at the history of the railroad barons and company towns in the US (and the company towns in South America and elsewhere *today*) will see the abuses that a lack of external regulation will bring. Having a monopoly on force is a *good thing* when that force is under the control of an informed and active citizenry that keeps it in check. They misunderstand thinking that the current situation is the fault of the government when it is the fault of the citizens for not staying ON THE FUCKING BALL.
And so many hawkish conservatives/libertarians can't understand that not providing healthcare services for the population undermines the ability to mobilize for a draft.
Existential threat, motherfucker, do you understand it?
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:01:27
Ha you were too gentle, he deserved more than you gave him to be honest.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:52:59


In other words your perception of "liberal arts" is based largely on the stereotypes presented to you, not on first-hand knowledge...
I'm not going to discuss things like gender studies or medieval literature here, not because they are invalid but because I don't know a lot about them. But what I *do* know is there is an *incredible* amount of overlap in the fields as you go higher, so much so that it can be extremely hard to tell when reading a journal article which discipline it is actually in.
For example, take a look at this article: [Trust Transitivity in Social Networks]( It develops mathematical models for predicting the spread and decay of trust that is granted between actors in a social network graph. This is **social science** but the authors have to understand (a) advanced math (b) graph theory (c) advanced social science theories (d) some cryptography. Are they computer scientists or social scientists? Or "computational social scientists"? Or something else?
This kind of research also blurs the lines into economics as well. The fields start to break down and it becomes less about hard lines and more about interdisciplinary collaboration, combining techniques from multiple disciplines in new and interesting theories that are then remixed and used by others in the same way.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:44:34
Data is the oil of the 21st century.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:21:26
There is literally another thread in this sub right now from someone who is giving away 5057 BTC ($86 million) to charity.
There are quite many Bitcoin millionaires. When it blew to $5k a few months ago there were posts here. Another post today is from someone trying to withdraw $1.8 million from an exchange. "Whales" put in buy/sell orders of 25,000 BTC on exchanges to manipulate the prices up and down. The Winklevoss twins bet $11 million years ago and its worth $1 billion now.
Watch the transactions scroll by on Blockexplorer and do the math -- you'll see transactions for hundreds of BTC at a time sometimes.
Also if Satoshi is still alive and remembers all his passwords then he is sitting on roughly one million coins.
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:00:21
I think those are fair points. Maybe some are necessary and some aren't.
The point about government moral legitimacy touches on something that has been scratching at my brain for a while now. I've been doing some reading on the authoritarian mindset, including things like Eco's *Ur-Fascism* essay and Orwell's nationalism essay, and want to read *The Authoritarians* which collects psychological research into that mindset but don't really have time.
The point is that your point about conscription can be seen through the lens of nationalism -- it is *necessary* to protect the country, yet the country must in some sense *promote* nationalism in order to get people to willingly sacrifice themselves. But nationalism at its root is just animalistic dopamine-fueled blind allegiance to a team no matter what, and blind allegiance is unthinking willful ignorance, giving in to chemical dependency instead of seeking a higher truth. So for an entity to structure society and actively promote this type of unthinking loyalty mindset seems inherently evil -- until we say well everyone else is doing it and if we don't they will overrun us and enslave us. So in that sense then if we have to be slaves it is better to be a slave in a society where we have relatively broad freedoms than in one where we have few. Ideally we would never have to make that choice, but in reality we have a few hundred thousand years of power structures based on primitive animal urges fighting against us. So yeah *ideally* things wouldn't be that way, but *practically* I don't think there's anything we can do about it.
Other than live in a cabin and write a manifesto, and hopefully not start sending mail bombs.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:48:55
I was stressing and considering selling even though I'm up at least 4x since my last buy.
Meanwhile my wife is advising me to chill, stop looking at it so much, and just throw another grand or two at it if I want lol.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:04:18
It's just an analogy. The point is that funds can be routed around between LN contracts like packets are routed through nodes to their destination.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:00:10
Wow, sure I'm curious now. Thanks! :)
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:14:47
Only if it is listed alongside BTC with the clarification that it is simply a different denomination. Otherwise it can look to people like it crashed in value. Or at least announce it MONTHS in advance so everyone has the chance to get used to it.  But definitely list both side by side for a long time to smooth any transition. 
If it goes to bits it risks looking like a penny stock again. 
Then again if it's suddenly a penny stock and people think the penny stock can hit $10k then the hype could drive price of a BTC to millions as a result....
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:25:49
* Use the native Youtube speed controls
* Use the Video Speed Controller extension in Chrome -- speed up/slow down in arbitrary units (0.1 etc) infinitely with keystrokes
* Download vids into VLC
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:14:46
Yeah for those who don't know Nick Szabo is a *GOD* in the crypto community.
He is one of those who invented the entire *idea* of digital currency and smart contracts, invented the precursor of Bitcoin, and is the odds-on favorite to be the inventor or one of the two inventors of Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:26:22
Look up how bitcoin works on youtube, lots of resources.
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:51:00
Change the scenario: homeless guy is bragging about his $1, you offer to cut the cards on a bet for everything he has. Point is that it doesn't hurt you *at all* to lose but it shows him he has *nothing* compared to those around him.
Millionaire was bragging but he was the homeless guy in that scene.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:38:44


I love your character but this is something I don't entirely agree with. You are choosing to work in a field that is underfunded and underpaid, yet is necessary to provide [whatever service] or else the job wouldn't exist.
The military get several "perks" including free education, to me this is not really any different. Both are public service, you just "pay in advance" by putting in the work before you can get the payoff.
I'm sure I just triggered the living shit out of some folks though lol.
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:53:47
Ah ok so libertarian ideals are a utopian pipe dream as well right?
Or do you think politicians wouldn't shit all over them as well?
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:32:47
But you might have to sign agreements stating you will never subvert security policies, and one of the policies may be that you are not allowed to install software without prior authorization, and Chrome is not authorized.
Or have ~~spyware~~ security systems installed on your system that monitors your usage and intercepts installs, as well as blocks external drives and CD/DVD usage, disables USB ports, detects large data movements, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:07:01
No it isn't at all. What are you even talking about? Both are government-applied sanctions used to pressure someone who they believe has violated the law.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:05:05
Yeah the people who categorically oppose things based on ideology are typically erecting some strawman where there is only one possible way to spend money. Because that's how Fox News and National Review have painted it. So of course they oppose it, even though there are hundreds or thousands of various permutations that each have different outcomes.
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:27:37
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:20:57


enough people think the same way, that becomes a self fulfilling
prophecy. Once it gets bootstrapped, there are so many
applications if you could effortlessly pay a few cents to a
website as easily as dropping coins in a vending machine. 
That site archives a bunch of his old e-mails and such.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:57:21
Did you just advertise to the world (a) you own Bitcoin and (b) your identity and location?
Just saying, be careful...
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:13:28
Yes it was there in the original design but was removed by Satoshi later.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:13:39
Well Ripple is a currency that uses the same crypto technologies, so I consider it a cryptocurrency. It just doesn't follow the same philosophy as Bitcoin. That's kind of like saying a handgun isn't a real gun because it has limitations vs an assault rifle. It's still a gun, just has a different purpose.
I just started looking into Stellar but my impression is that banking is only one part of it. They are a nonprofit and their main goal seems to be to bring finances to a large part of the unbanked world. Cardano seems to have a similar goal. Similar to many who love Bitcoin for the same reasons, things it simply isn't capable of supporting right now.
IOTA Tangle was running very fast last day or two, transaction speeds way up, and new wallet is coming soon to help clear up the problems with the current one.
I have my concerns with IOTA, but also understand they are in alpha or even pre-alpha stage right now, so a lot of changes are expected by the community. It isn't Bitcoin, its a completely different approach to cryptocurrency, so it has to go through the growing pains just like Bitcoin did in its first few years. 
Remember that Bitcoin has been declared a failure 200+ times, I wonder if IOTA will have a similar counter that they look back on and laugh the way we do here?
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:16:46
Had a discussion just recently with someone claiming that Bitcoin is a scam because "the creators hold over half the Bitcoins ever made."
Also anytime someone complains that crypto is dangerous because "only a few people control the coins" I'm like *motherfucker do you even look at what's going on in the world?*
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:00:22
Says the guy with a one year old account. Shut it.
When will some of you learn that account age is meaningless? This is at least my third account in 7 years. Grow up.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:27:16
Actually what you said is technically true.
The market for internal combustion engines is far larger than just powering cars. They are far more versatile and can be used in trucks, tractors, trains, buses, boats, ...
Same with blockchains, so you ironically made a perfect analogy. I might use it in fact.
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:03:34


I don't disagree with your points, but your argument can also be used by the fiat side to defend fiat, because banks are the gatekeepers of dollars, and dollars have the authentic trusted backing of government so they are the most valid etc.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:29:26
It's a stepping stone, a bridge between the current system where trust has to be placed in one of them and a future system where those contracts may not be necessary. Right now they are necessary because the entire social system is based on that so its a hybrid solution.
I do think there will be a point in the future where companies can choose to participate in networks without trusting or even knowing any of the other participants, but for right now they are going to move VERY slowly. Companies have a fiduciary duty to the shareholders to not mismanage funds, so they will do years of testing and due diligence and then slowly phase things in one baby step project at a time.
My only point really is that saying they must go "all in" instead is unrealistic because the risk to shareholder value is too high, and any CEO that makes that decision risks being fired and replaced immediately.
Better to understand the constraints of the current system and advocate baby steps, because advocating "all in" is going to be laughed at by the stakeholders.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:25:42
Yes I understand the distinction. My point was there was an argument I was engaged in at exactly that moment regarding the purity of the whitepaper and the need to not deviate from the original design, and this was an example of *Satoshi himself* deviating from the original design to meet emerging issues.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:39:41
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:11:29
You clearly are not aware of the looming recruiting crisis facing this nation, with a whole generation of out of shape kids riddled with obesity-related diseases and addicted to disqualifying things like Adderall. 
We literally are nearing the point where we can't achieve sufficient levels of mobilization to deal with another massive war. (as in a real war, not the bullshit ones we fight today)
But yeah, investing in good healthcare and preventive medicine is fucking retarded and does nothing to help our nation prepare for the next war.
@_date: 2017-12-24 05:52:43
I legit think if I were actually holding real wealth (crypto or not) I would definitely be armed.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:06:12
You are making a lot of assumptions here and your conclusion requires every one of those assumptions to be true. Unlikely.
It is entirely possible that economic incentives can be used to incentivize parents and kids to improve their health.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:16:12
IOTA is an interesting one. Yes it was premined, but:
* No coins were held back for anyone including any of the dev team -- they bought just like everyone else.
* Founders include the PhD who invented proof of stake, as well as BCNext who created one of the first alt coins.
* They have a foundation set up in Germany that operates just like the Linux Foundation.
* Network is designed to support nanotransactions for the Internet of Things economy.
* No fees for any transactions.
* Not even blockchain-based -- graph-based instead.
* Numerous big partners including a data marketplace they just unveiled with Microsoft and Fujitsu.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:52:56
Using L2/sidechains for things like this and "settling" onto the Bitcoin base layer would require participants to transact value that can be settled in Bitcoin, right?
That limits the usefulness. There is *vastly* more information that can be transacted that does not have value attached directly to it, or is paid for via real-world transactions made in support of real-world contracts.
A blockchain is just a data structure. A blockchain-based network is a system for achieving integrity via consensus, but does not *require* exchange of value. 
What you are arguing for is requiring that anyone who adopt such a technology must be *forced* to exchange value as well, when there is *no* real-world requirement to do that.
Does that mean 50 years from now that will still be the case? Maybe, maybe not. I actually foresee a shift to tokenization of value in general, where stocks and real estate deeds and etc can be traded as easily as bitcoins because they are all encoded on a blockchain.
But that doesn't mean that *right now* that has to happen. 
Bundling the documentation of information with the exchange of value artificially limits the adoption potential of blockchain tech. Once blockchains are in wider acceptance the Tokenization of Everything can begin occur.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:59:27
Is there an ELI5 for how RSK works? Seen it mentioned a few times but not much else.
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:20:31
I have you tagged as saying bitcoin predictions should be more neutral and balanced.
Tagging is amazing in this sub. Helps give intel on who speaks from experience and who may be bullshitting.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:43:57
I bought via CC from Coinbase earlier in the summer no problem. When I tried to do it again in early December I was blocked.
That's when I discovered (after nearly an hour on the phone with my bank) that my bank had decided to block *all* transactions of *any* type with *any* exchange!
They had decided that on Sep 28th and *specifically decided not to tell customers*!
I lost my goddamn mind. Those fuckers cost me a 90% gain. I wired some to another bank and bounced from there, but this shit is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:54:47
Interesting point.
Let's be honest though he's probably Hal Finney and dead. If he was half Nick Szabo, Nick is *extremely* secretive so he certainly has his own stash squirreled away somewhere separate from the Satoshi Million.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:12:39
**In a consortium they already have the incentive because they chose to participate in the network**.
Companies A B and C choose to work together. They choose to use this tech to share data so they don't have to trust just one of them. They choose proof of stake and split the stake 3 ways so each of them has an even share of consensus power. All of this is spelled out in the written contracts they sign with a pen, which are backed up by the full force of the legal system they operate in and have highly-paid attorneys to handle for them.
@_date: 2017-12-19 05:04:08
Just a quick glance at the Ivy screenshot makes it pretty clear to me that it is a compiler -- it compiles their higher-level language into the lower-level Bitcoin script.
Basically when someone programs the software on your computer they are coding in a high-level language (like Ivy, except they use C C++, Java, Python, things like that) and then compile that down to assembly code, which are instructions your CPU can understand. (technically there is a layer *below* assembly called machine code and *that* is what your CPU understands, but that's not important)
The reason the higher level languages exist is because they make certain types of problem solving easier in certain circumstances. In this case Ivy (at least as it appears to me) makes it much more clear how the script is intended to flow. You are able to write at a higher level of abstraction and make your intent more clear.
So, think of the Bitcoin network as a global VM, Bitcoin Script as the assembly code for the VM, and Ivy as Java or C# which is what any sane programmer would pick over assembly any day. Productivity goes up, errors go down.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:21:59
Not at all, just trying to make a specific point about his budget choices.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:40:56
I just made another comment that using coinbase to buy bitcoin is like buying shit in a video game app.
It's like the opposite of hard.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:22:30
Why are you so bent out of shape over someone casually mentioning that they don't see the point of it?
What is it about someone else's personal thoughts that offends you?
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:23:11
Agreed. Honestly, speaking as someone who has used open source software in some fashion for two decades and loves the open source philosophy, learning about bitcoin over the past six months and watching the consensus drama has taught me more about how open source actually *works* as a paradigm than anything else. Probably because the consensus issue is so economically tangible and visible. Your tech either wins and increases in value, or loses and withers in value. Money on the table makes risk-taking a much more serious endeavor and ensures due diligence is much higher. Community follows the best tech in its own self-interest, not under threat or guile. That is obscured in other projects even linux imo because they don't form a network that has real worldwide power *as a network*.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:37:15
Yeah you got me, I'm a paid shill *and* completely ignorant. Dead to rights bud.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:05:30
Coursera has an outstanding course on cryptocurrency that focuses primarily on Bitcoin. From 2014 but it is excellent. Very in-depth and technical, to the point the very first assignment has you create a simple custom currency using Java. (but the course doesn't quite completely prepare you for that task unfortunately) I got through about a third of it before other priorities took my time away. Highly recommended.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:58:33
Maybe not the best wording. But basically I tag people based on what they say and how they portray themselves. If you express an-cap views I tag you, so later when you make a bold prediction I know to temper that opinion because it is coming from someone who believes Bitcoin will eliminate the concept of government entirely, which is really not going to happen. If you give helpful comments I tag you and give more weight to your future comments. If you say you were invested since 2016 then later say since 2012 I know you are a bullshit artist and will give a lot less weight to a lot of your predictions. Etc.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:11:38
Yeah as I understand it the system basically democratizes Visa.
There will be centralization because of network effects (people will use the channel that has more users) but since anyone can create a channel you can now have tons more flexibility.
There's an art collective type place in a town near us, lots of small local artists set up in there. Imagine if the facility set up a LN channel they all hooked into, and customers could hook into it and pay the vendors and in the process give a % to the facility as well.
Imagine your local town has some trusted individual/entity who spends a lot of time boosting local commerce, and they set up a channel -- now you can support the local community instead of giving Visa a cut, you get a similar ease of use network effect but the money goes to a local group instead of a faceless remote corporation.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:34:54
Just had the opposite. Yesterday while trying to make a Coinbase debit transaction I discovered that my credit union:
* Now blocks *all* debit, credit, and wire transfers (to include *incoming wires*) to/from Coinbase or any other exchange.
* They made this change due to "increased fraud" and "possible acute loss of customer funds" and "regulatory monitoring requirements" and claim that Coinbase doesn't participate in the wire system properly. (they don't enable tracing or some such bullshit)
* They made this change Sep 28 **and chose not to inform any customers**.
I lost my fucking mind.
Just initiated a wire transfer to USAA which is the *opposite* and is integrating with Coinbase. 
Goodbye legacy credit union.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:37:15
Mine has officially banned any and all transactions with any exchanges. Not even debit/credit to Coinbase, no wires. Just found out.
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:57:21
To be fair stocks also pay dividends, so there are more ways to gain than just price alone.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:56:36
Oh sure I'm not saying there won't be a bear market. Certainly there will be. Just that those who believe in it will continue to buy, but they may not have enough volume to turn it around for quite a while.
I'm figuring there will be some kind of exogenous shock to Bitcoin again. Not Mt Gox since there are now a couple dozen exchanges so even if one or two fell it wouldn't be completely catastrophic. But something significant enough to pull people out of the hysteria. Maybe a bug or flaw. Doubtful but who knows. Maybe the IRS action will cause some drama -- some headlines about Bitcoin tax evasion and perp walks might result in a shift to Monero or away from crypto altogether for the casual investors sparking a dive down. Who knows.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:49:05
You are doing nothing to educate anyone just telling people they are wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:29:02
His point is that people in that position are in many ways the ones most screwed over by bank policies. To claim Bitcoin is here to support those screwed over by banks while blowing off those who make up the overwhelming majority of those screwed the hardest is a bit hypocritical don't you agree?
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:49:51
Those things are ridiculously useful gifts.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:24:43
Awesome! We need more discussions like this. :)
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:15:59
Yay bumper sticker logic!
@_date: 2017-12-13 05:43:37
The article is behind a paywall but is accessible through Google. Just search google for the title and it should come up.
Pasting text here for those who can't get to it:








Also there is another article from today:
**South Korea considers taxing capital gains on cryptocurrencies**




@_date: 2017-12-02 20:31:52
I was just wondering why you stated they would have to start over developing things like Lightning if they turned their backs on it. Sorry for the confusion.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:00:18


It turned out hellishly bad for millions of people. 
You might not want to use that analogy without considering the other side -- the side you would be on in that scenario.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:10:55
Sure. Basically the Bitcoin network consists of a group of computers voluntarily cooperating with each other and sharing data that they all agree follows a specific set of rules. There are two main types of computers -- miners and "full nodes" -- along with the millions of smaller "light nodes" that just contain wallets and such. Miners are special computers that create new blocks of valid transactions and distribute them to the rest of the network. Full nodes contain a copy of the entire blockchain and when they receive a new block they validate it and then if valid they add that block to their copy of the blockchain. (Remember the blockchain is the account ledger) If the block is invalid they reject it. Light nodes (and wallets/etc) as I understand it do *not* contain the full blockchain and don't do a full deep verification like the full nodes do.
So basically the idea is that people voluntarily participate in the network by choosing to download the current version of the Bitcoin software and use it to make and accept transactions. If someone disagrees with how Bitcoin is run they can choose to make a new version of Bitcoin by forking the code (a specific operation in programming terms, basically creating a new project that has a copy of the source code at some point in time, after which the two projects diverge) and making whatever changes they want. They can then make their software available and people can voluntarily choose to use their new software or the original Bitcoin software. If their software is incompatible with Bitcoin then those who choose to download the new software are in effect opting out of the Bitcoin network. This is what Bitcoin Cash / Bcash did.
What the Segwit2X crowd was doing was a bit different -- they were pushing their variant as a mandatory "upgrade" to Bitcoin. They were trying to deceive users into switching to a fork under false pretenses. The entire system operates on voluntary participation, but they were trying to undermine this by withholding and distorting information. It was really shitty IMO, and I say that as someone who watched it from the outside. It was antithetical to all open source philosophy and directly violates the principles on which Bitcoin was founded -- openness, voluntary participation, economic incentive, etc.
So the push for full nodes in recent months was a reaction to Segwit2X. If more people ran Bitcoin full nodes (and used them as wallets in transactions) then they would be opting to remain in the Bitcoin network instead of switching to 2X. The miners would follow the nodes, because if the miners went to another network (2X) but the overwhelming majority of nodes remained on Bitcoin, then two things would happen:
1. The miners would be mining coins for a network that has only a few participants (those who opted into 2X by downloading its software) and their network would have very few buyers and sellers, tanking the coin's value. This would cause the miners to spend more to mine 2X than they could get from it, meaning they would be choosing to lose millions of dollars per day "on principle." Because their capital costs are so high they would have collapsed quickly.
2. The loss of miners would hurt Bitcoin, but others would step in with ASICs and the network would adjust difficulty downward automatically after 2016 blocks were mined. (this adjustment is built into Bitcoin by design) It might take a while to get to that point, but eventually the network would stabilize and transactions would flow again. A new group of miners would emerge to profit from the death of the old miners who switched to 2X.
Hope that makes sense. This is all based on my understanding BTW, I am no expert either.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:01:38
Warheads on foreheads 
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:47:08


You just compared a hand-wavy description of bitcoin to the equivalent of diving into the source code of the economy at a level that isn't even approached until undergrad economics and even *that* is hand-wavy.
5 year old doesn't need to understand shit about any of that, just that a dollar buys a candy bar and the government prints dollars because it wants people to spend them. ELI5 complete.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:40:16


What kinds of things? Haven't looked at Eth in a few months.
@_date: 2017-12-01 03:47:13
Holy shit thanks for this, BRB hitting a bcasher's "it's not in the white paper" head with it...
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:42:32
Exactly. IOTA and Ripple alone are not "clones" in any sense. Hell XRP is *destroyed* in transactions. And I say that as someone who doesn't own any XRP at all. IOTA and Ripple have more in common with each other than with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:10:00
This kind of brazenness is what will lead to government crackdowns on users and exchanges. It will also feed the negative narrative that keeps more people from adopting.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:15:14
Like I said I'd read this before, but it wasn't until I reread it that the part about DNS-across-the-blockchain really hit me. I knew about using blockchains *for* DNS before, but not about considering routing *on* the blockchain as a higher level of abstraction. 
DNS is just an analogy here but you get the idea -- instead of TCP/IP as the substrate for routing, here the blockchain is the substrate on which routing occurs. I mean, of course it still uses TCP/IP -- I'm just having trouble explaining in words the concept of viewing this as another layer of abstraction above the blockchain. That's all. Not sure how to word it correctly right now sorry.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:27:56
It's just an analogy for a layer of abstraction above normal DNS routing, but intended to route money instead of normal data packets. In the same way you can consider a layer of abstraction that routes video streaming packets across the network. *Financial DNS* is probably a bad term but it was the analogy I could come up with last night.
Point is that it brought a new insight into money-as-bits and all the power you can bring to bear on bits now applies to money. That's what made Bitcoin so brilliant and enables innovations like this.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:15:19


This is a really good point. Though personally I think it is important to have a monopoly on force (as a check against natural human instincts for base violence and aggression) it is very interesting to consider this viewpoint for the insights it can bring.
I would say though that it isn't that simple, because things aren't criminal simply because one is acting like a state, but that one is acting like a state in such a way that infringes upon someone else's freedom, rights, etc. (there are absurd exceptions, like Wickard v. Filburn) And it also doesn't imply that just because a state does something it is legal -- the numerous unjustified police shootings recently show that in at least some cases agents of the state are punished for exceeding their authority, even though they have a monopoly on use of force.
When I consider a society with no government I see a society that is either a utopia where everyone magically cooperates, or a near-hellscape where corporations and others run amok and exploit the population through monopoly power. We can't take the current economic system and simply remove government, because corporations would assume most of the functions and exploitation would continue. It would require a radical reorganization of the economy, on a scale similar to socialism, But instead of all property owned by *The People* but centrally managed by an oligarchy, all property and means of production would have to initially be privatized *equally* and spread among the population so as to create as much competition as possible. Then if people choose to self-assemble and create conglomerates or whatnot that is a free choice. I don't expect it would turn out well in the end, and that after enough chaos occurred people would band together and create an entity that could act as an arbiter to keep others in check i.e. a government. But in theory it would at least be possible for it to succeed.
But to just remove government from the picture now would be like declaring the nervous system in the body to be a tumor and trying to remove it.
(and I'm not saying you advocate that btw, just commenting in general on how many seem to approach it simplistically)
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:23:52
When has BCH ever advocated Lightning/etc? I thought they were adamantly opposed to any sidechain/offchain operations. That was the whole point of the fork right?
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:55:43
For comparison, he has roughly the same amount a retired military officer would get in pension over the rest of his life.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:55:52
There is a fixed upper limit in virtually every cryptocurrency.
As to the economic debate, I am on the sidelines because I am not an economist. There are strong arguments both ways.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:01:26
YES! 
There are multiple research projects into blockchain-enabled voting going back several years now. 
IIRC One of them proposed PKI and two blockchains -- one to record that your ID voted (the *event*) and another to record the actual *vote* itself. That way they could prevent double-voting fraud without compromising the security and privacy of the vote itself. Brilliant idea IMO!
Blockchains are a sector of *heavy* academic research. That's actually how I got into Bitcoin, by researching current blockchain tech and realizing I needed to understand Bitcoin first, and it blew my mind.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:02:54
Doubtful. Doesn't whip up that evangelical base enough.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:24:16
Correct there is no mining, and hence no fees for any transactions. Instead of mining, each node that initiates a transaction must also verify two other transactions in return.
IOTA is not even based on a blockchain, it is based on a directed acyclic graph called the Tangle. It is conceptually similar to a blockchain but instead of growing in only one direction it grows infinitely in all directions. So theoretically the bottleneck that you have with Bitcoin and other blockchain-based currencies (where everyone has to vie for a spot in the new block added to the growing end of the chain) doesn't exist because any transaction can attach to any other transaction anywhere along the chain.
You can see what it looks like in real time at  or at 
On the second one you can double-click a dot to see that transaction. Looks like a lot of them are 0 iota transactions right now, probably the result of spamming the Tangle which is done intentionally to speed up the network.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:08:35
Newcomers add new buying pressure, but eventually there will be a ceiling on how much pressure they alone can apply. If they don't see themselves become millionaires soon but instead see themselves lose 10-20% many may pull back.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:10:28
Sure, but "bitcoin insider trading scandal" may cause institutional investing plans to slow down while it is investigated -- SEC may not want to approve them until it conducts its own investigation. Not that it has decided to do anything like that *yet* but they just stood up a cyber currency division in September and it has already investigated ICOs in the "unregulated market" so presumably Coinbase may be in their crosshairs coming soon.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:26:39
Right, but that simply means we can change the term used to justify taking a life. So then it comes down to how we define reality -- we define one scenario as murder and the other as self defense, while at the end of the day a person is still dead by our hands.
My point is that if we can make that distinction for something like murder and consider it justified then we have already established that we are willing to relabel situations based on context, so then relabeling "slaves" as "prisoners" becomes much more an argument about subjective context. And in that case the argument is that those who seek to harm others should be isolated from society, therefore it is justified. The issue then becomes *how much* punishment should be levied for *which* acts, which has been debated for thousands of years.
If we can recontextualize murder as self-defense, how much of that is legitimate and how much is done just to help us sleep at night? And how tempting is it to lean on relabeling to help us sleep when we are tiptoeing further towards morally reprehensible acts? I think we would agree that imprisoning people for petty crimes seems repugnant, but we tiptoed there as a society by convincing ourselves that it is necessary to protect the Greater Good. 
That slippery slope question is a fundamental issue I have, and I don't know the answer to that either, other than to try to always be aware of that inherent bias. Which is extremely difficult.
Just my thoughts anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:18:22
Plus the South Koreans are crypto crazy, and a US senator just called on the military to evacuate all military families from South Korea. If that is done it is a serious step towards war, so possibly some Koreans are evacuating funds in advance.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:06:34


But that's categorically false. It is based on misleading stats. Debunked in the post already.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:17:22
Thanks for the compliment. That looks cool, will try to make time to read it. Agreed, Szabo is on the very short list.
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:44:43
If there was a pending dump why wouldn't people just cash out then buy BTC instead of waiting?
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:14:05
Ah nice to see someone else who keeps their shit filed away neatly. :)
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:42:16
Yeah wallets are like checkbooks, not actual wallets, and transactions are like checks, just distributed to everyone's ledgers instead of the bank's ledger.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:54:39
What do you do now? 
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:55:46
Yeah virtually every token you invest in was part of an ICO, you just weren't buying at the initial release that's all.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:11:27
Which is hilarious given some of the comments in this sub. I read one the other day where the person literally believes there is a secret group in the White House working with Trump to mainstream Bitcoin as fast as possible to ensure everyone can have access to it for financial security before the next financial collapse. WTF.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:38:16
You would if their prices were cheaper. Of course you would.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:55:38
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:11:13
Almost like it is part of an ongoing campaign to damage Bitcoin's image and derail adoption...
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:08:29
That's just not historically true at all. You say the founders signed it then imposed it immediately. The reality is that it was signed and then debated during the ratification process which took three years to complete. At that time anyone who dissented could have seceded almost certainly without incident but they chose not to. The system operated exactly as designed and obtained the Consent of the participants, similar to bitcoin. 
You were born into this system but you have the freedom to move to any other place in the world and change your citizenship to whichever system you DO in fact support. That is NOT the government imposing on you, that is you having the freedom to decide which system you live with.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:13:06
I was speaking in general terms 
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:15:46
There's a lot of loose terminology thrown around in the IOTA crowd. Usually when you hear about buying IOTA they are talking about buying MIOTA since that is the denomination used on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:52:39
They can set up all the nodes they want. Nodes won't change the blockchain, only validate that their own transactions were finally added to blocks by the miners.
If they want to co-opt the miners they will have to spend a shitload to do it.
Which is certainly a drop in the bucket for them, so yes I believe if governments really wanted to flex some muscle they could severely damage Bitcoin to the point it is virtually unusable for 99% of the population.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:53:45
That guy seems like an antisocial dick and likely suffering from some kind of paranoid disorder.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:57:19
Yeah its just an analogy.
There are however research projects that have blockchain-based DNS systems, where each user downloads and maintains a local copy so there is no leakage of your browsing history through snooping on your DNS queries. Not sure how scalable that would be.
There's also at least one project that extends that to include PKI identity and encryption cert issuance and revocation on-chain as well.
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:55:36
I was just screwing with you, no worries.
@_date: 2017-12-24 06:30:47
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:50:52
Actually that's a fair point. Also after I wrote that comment I recalled that at first only white male property owners could vote. So in that sense the system was voluntary *for those who controlled the wealth* but not for everyone else. (Though public sentiment was certainly taken into account, otherwise why were the Federalist and Anti-Federalist papers published? There were probably more non-landowning gun owners than voting land owners after all, gotta keep them happy...)
But still I don't know that this argument makes the *idea* of government invalid as you seem to claim. Again we are comparing the *idea* of a theoretical ideal government to the *reality* of governments as they exist. Better to discuss idea vs idea or reality vs reality IMO, otherwise we can spend the rest of our lives navel-gazing and wringing our hands about things we have no control over anyway. Call that the *practicalist* viewpoint. :)
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:20:07
Not sure of your reasoning here. There is a fixed supply, so as people buy/sell the amount in circulation will fluctuate. Also in Ripple coins are burned in transactions so over time it is a deflationary currency anyway. Stellar I believe has a fixed 1% inflation actually. But I don't know all the details on it yet.
With Bitcoin there is built-in inflation through the block reward, it just decreases over time. But an extremely strong argument is made that the mining process of Bitcoin harms the environment, which also explains why Ethereum is moving to Proof of Stake. I don't necessarily agree with PoS but I understand the argument against PoW.
With IOTA it is far more than a currency, it is a network supporting secure data transfer as well. Devices can send 0-iota transactions containing small bits of data secured in the network. Basically the Tangle is a giant data structure to facilitate data transmission, and one of the types of data it can transmit is value.
@_date: 2017-12-13 05:38:43
FYI Bitfinex banned all US customers about a month ago. They are sketchy as shit, created Tether which may be used to increase their liquidity out of thin air and artificially inflate Bitcoin price (and they lied about creating it until Panama Papers proved they were behind it) and fled the US market to avoid SEC investigations. Like the one that just busted an ICO for fraud.
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:57:06
Just to give you an idea, here is the current industry standard for how to approach risk management when it comes to security. This is "large scale" stuff but it generally still applies to everything:
To sort of sum up how this kind of process works, in terms of your app:
1. Identify your assets -- e.g. the components in your app, libraries you bring in, etc.
2. Identify potential threats -- anything that can attack your app.
3. Identify potential vulnerabilities -- weaknesses in your assets. (*threats* exploit *vulnerabilities* to attack *assets*)
4. For each of the above, determine the *potential* and *impact* of loss -- what will happen if a threat is realized? How will the app be harmed? How will the user be harmed? How will the Bitcoin network be harmed? Etc.
5. Create a mitigation strategy -- build, test, and implement countermeasures (proactive and reactive) for each vulnerability/threat. (these are also called *controls*)
6. Document document document! (for your github docs of course!)
Not to say you need to explicitly do all of those right now of course, just that you definitely need to think about these things *from the start* because security will be *critical* to the app's proper functioning. *Keep this kind of thinking in the back of your mind.*
Software engineering rule, supported by tons of studies over about 40 years, is that errors caught in the final product cost as much as 4000% more to fix than those caught in the initial design phase. Security is a dominant feature in this app so security must be baked in from the beginning.
Definitely play around and have fun -- when learning the fun stuff security is not always at the top of our minds. (and 99% of tutorials hand-wave away security because they are teaching the framework in general etc, security is a whole separate ball of wax) 
Just keep in mind that your final "real" app definitely needs to design secure functionality into it from Day 1.
Have fun and good luck! :)
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:00:56
I totally get it.
To help others get it, some terms instead of "leader" are:
* evangelist
* champion
* public face
* public relations
* marketing
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:14:28
There are so many IOTA that it is denominated in bundles of one million IOTA, hence MIOTA.
It is designed first for nanotransactions by internet of things devices, and as a result also works as a zero-transfer-fee currency for humans as well.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:40:39
I see it this way -- right now you have a "channel" open with Visa/Mastercard/PayPal/etc and use that "channel" to conduct transactions with anyone else who "connects" with the same "channel." Settlements happen later while transactions are near-instant.
Think of it as having a prepaid Bitcoin VISA card. That's the analogy I use anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:13:52
Or how Bitcoin suddenly went from being $17k per "share" to being a penny stock worth $0.02.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:48:30
98 of the top 100 on coinmarketcap is a sea of red right now, most of them 20-40% down and plummeting fast.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:35:14
This is easily half the investment advice I see around here. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:34:10
Bitcoin is "digital gold."
Lightning and other L2 techs will provide an easier and faster system of value exchange since waiting for bitcoin transactions to clear is the digital equivalent of waiting for ox carts of gold to arrive at the destination.
So Bitcoin is "digital gold" and L2s are like dollars.
How long before there is a movement to break L2's dependence on Bitcoin settlements -- to divorce L2 techs from the "Bitcoin standard" so we can boost economic growth?
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:01:06
Cool will check it out thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:50:19
Quick question: Do you agree that it would have been better to take out North Korea before it got nukes?
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:29:39
Yeah this is because people don't understand the fundamental paradigm shift that Bitcoin introduced.
Up to now all bits have been interchangeable and copyable, and copy protection required onerous distortions of the bit system to create artificial scarcity. This was one of the fundamental concepts in Nicholas Negroponte's *Being Digital* essays in the mid-90s -- that bits are superior to atoms precisely *because* they are so flexible and powerful and *because* they can be freely copied. It's the entire basis of the open source culture and free software movement, "information must be free" etc. The idea that you have no right to contain that which by its very nature seeks to be easily replicated.
Bitcoin changed that because it introduced a mechanism for scarcity directly into the digital system itself, baked right in. No external DRM required.
Bitcoin has taken all the power and flexibility of bits and introduced scarcity from the world of atoms for the first time. You can't just "copy" Bitcoins like people think. Well except you *can* but you can't assume *ownership* of those bits. 
But the fact they are bits means you can now apply all of the powerful bit tools to them without losing the scarcity of the atoms-based world.
This is going to be a complete mindfuck for most people.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:57:43
Ah yes, I too can post my own address and claim it's his... ;)
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:53:01
Lots of places are flagging them for fraud because of scams. My bank did that in the summer and I had to call and tell them to just whitelist it for me or whatever and back off. They were ok with it then. This time they said there had been a lot of "issues" and wouldn't go into much detail but it was the head of the fraud dept I was talking to, and there were allusions to scams and statements that they have a fiduciary duty to protect member funds from fraud.
Thing is I get that, thank you for looking out for people, but I am very knowledgeable and willing to take some risk with a portion of my assets. So your briefing is duly noted, now please carry out my order and step aside. "NO." *motherfuckers*
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:30:49
You are right, it is pointless arguing with you. Good day.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:28:16
Which court?
You don't seem to understand that a lot of laws are written in such a way that the burden of proof is on the defendant, or that there is no defense at all. If someone puts child porn on your computer you are guilty of possession regardless of your knowledge of it. Period. These kinds of laws exist. Anti-crypto laws can easily be written the same way. You seriously do not seem to understand how the system works.
So many of you who scream that government will mount massive conspiracy-theory-type attacks against Bitcoin will then turn a blind eye and claim the government is completely incompetent or toothless. It can't be both ways.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:13:55
Yes the tax system is broken. So fix it. Stop allowing the $3.5 trillion in evaded and avoided tax and divert that into healthcare, infrastructure, education, and defense.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:42:41
Basically its an "automatic purchase" of 100% bitcoin made by his employer so no chance he can screw it up and forget if he were paid in fiat, spend some before he buys more coins, etc.
Honestly I'm wondering if this might be something that Coinbase could set up -- "bank account" routing number that you could point your employer too, so you effectively get a bitcoin savings/checking account. Cash deposited into it is automatically converted at the current rate. So if it is $9k currently and you get $3k this paycheck it buys 1/3 of a coin, and if it crashed by next payday to $3k you get 1 coin, then the payday after it doubled and you get 1/2 coin. Total net is 1.8 coins = $10.8k vs the $9k you would have gotten in fiat over those same 3 periods.
Sure its a gamble but its an automated gamble.
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:11:47
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:07:37
You misunderstand, and I contributed to the misunderstanding by phrasing it as a court order.
All of the things I listed happen automatically before reaching a court. Government agencies operate like this all the time, imposing sanctions and fines and penalties based on findings that are eventually challenged in court months or years later.
Government agencies have wide latitude to enforce their regulations. That's why many government agencies have their own law enforcement teams that enforce their regulations by force and have their own internal court systems (outside the fed/state court systems) that you deal with in disputes.


You don't appear to understand how government works, honestly.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:59:19
What if you paid your child support in cash but have no paper trail to back it up?
Guess what, the above happens to people who do that *today*, all the time. And child support is just one example.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:12:24
What part of signing policies and monitoring your file system and preventing injection of CD/DVD/USB/external drives was unclear?
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:52:52
It just seems so unlikely that a 10x runup isn't going to have some kind of backlash. Gov't crackdown, institutional money shorting hard... Something negative is going to happen eventually and knock it down a few pegs at least. 
The only question is when, and that will likely be difficult or impossible to predict until the patterns are found to build the narrative in hindsight.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:08:54
Linux is deployed on a far larger scale with far more importance than bitcoin. 
Quick Google search shows global gdp is about $110 Trillion. Internet commerce is roughly 5% of that. And about 70% of internet resources run Linux. 
So 70% of 5% of $110 Trillion is a bit under $4 Trillion in potential Linux impact. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:44:30
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:48:51


FYI that literally means 40% of every dollar in fees. Not what you intended I think.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:36:35
I love it when people delude themselves by ranting about how billionaires manipulate the system against the rest of us but this one is different because he is "our" billionaire, despite all evidence to the contrary, including his decades of experience openly exploiting workers for personal gain.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:39:02


Though it is getting at blockchains in general and not Bitcoin specifically, this is a great point. It abstracts away the concept of ownership of any asset into a universal digital store of value that can be completely fungible with any other asset on the chain.
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:14:53
MS is also partnered with IOTA now as well.
But yeah I meant people in general, not just talking heads.
I don't see it as suppression -- 99% of people I know including programmers know nothing about it, or laugh at it.
I think their ignorance is driven by what I stated above -- when your entire paradigm is that bits can be copied, and a new currency calling itself BITcoin appears, people think its stupid because **they don't understand the mechanism of scarcity it introduces**. It's completely alien to them. So of course they will be ignorant.
In psychology there is the concept of assimilation where you learn something and view it in the context of your current frame of reference. They are stuck in their current frame of reference.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:21:02
But why? What do you care about NK? Isn't it a **local issue**?
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:48:56
Can you perhaps explain something to me?
I recently discovered (couple weeks ago) that my small credit union has severed all financial connections with Coinbase -- no credit/debit, no ACH, not even any outbound *or inbound* wire transfers. The worst part is that after nearly an hour on the phone with them they admitted they had made the decision Sep 28th to cut off ties with *any* crypto exchange *and intentionally did not inform any customers!* Needless to say this was infuriating to me.
The lady on the phone repeatedly told me that Coinbase doesn't properly participate in the wire transfer system, that they need to "trace" funds through the Fed to the destination and that Coinbase "doesn't implement tracing." Which sounds like complete bullshit to me. I specifically asked if they are claiming that Coinbase is somehow allowed to participate in a Fed-regulated financial network without complying with Fed regulations and received a lot of uhs and ums but nothing of substance.
I was told the decision also was made based on reporting requirements, and it was pretty clear that they just chose not to deal with them.
But is it even possible that Coinbase is somehow not fully participating/compliant in the wire transfer network?
For comparison, the bank I wired to (USAA) not only doesn't have this policy, they actually embrace Coinbase and allow members to add Coinbase as an "external account" and view their Coinbase portfolio alongside their USAA portfolio and make transfers dead simple. Not that I would trust them with my Coinbase credentials, but its still a nice change.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:48:47
Something that would be remarkable would be the ability to "funge" (is that a word?) different assets seamlessly -- trade 100 shares of Tesla for 25 shares of Apple for example, or trade 100 shares of Comcast for a delivery of toilet paper, by transferring the coins representing them on-chain.
I think I just described Ethereum, minus all the ICO scams.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:13:50
I don't agree with most an-cap positions but I do understand the attraction of the philosophy. It's an interesting intellectual exercise but I doubt it would be practical -- much like socialism/etc it would be distorted by those with power to be an-cap in name only, like communism with the arguments that socialism has never worked because it has never been tried properly. I predict the same would end up happening with an-cap libertarianism, simply due to innate human nature. If the past few decades of politics have taught anything its that tribal loyalty is increasingly more important than anything else including reason and equanimity. Consequences and economy and lives be damned.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:00:48
Speculation is that Coinbase essentially "credits" you the BTC you buy then puts in a buy order from another exchange automatically. They keep enough liquidity on hand to facilitate if you want to withdraw immediately, otherwise they will have it on hand in the near future anyway. They make profit on the spread. 
This also helps explain why they have "degraded performance" on certain coins sometimes -- low liquidity.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:32:00
US has the highest healthcare expenditure and has a privatized system yet a significantly lower life expectancy and overall worse health across the board compared to countries with single payer healthcare.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:02:25
I honestly think when the dust settles that the financial markets and IRS will declare crypto to be a completely new asset class, alongside currencies/stocks/bonds/real estate/metals/etc. It has something in common with each of those but is not exactly like any of them.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:24:15
Stellar says it can handle 1000 tx/sec. Ripple says it can handle 1500 tx/sec. IOTA says it can scale far past those.
That's just three.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:40:41
Back to 2048 then? When did they finally stop?
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:41:39
Am programmer. The programmers I interact with largely don't get it, or laugh at it. One in another team is hardcore mining Eth though.
Meanwhile another guy I bumped into a couple weeks ago, completely non-technical, is ate up with crypto. Smart guy but not "high IQ" smart, just very outgoing. May be more of an "interesting risk" for him than anything else. Thought ICOs were legit because Bitcoin was an ICO, so I had to explain some of it to him. But he's hardcore into investing in it and believes its going to be a huge asset in the future. 
Meanwhile my "smart" coworkers stick their heads in the sand. Go figure.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:40:33
I just posted a screenshot in a new post before seeing this one. $8499 list on Coinbase right now but chart says $2400.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:21:48
Of course, just like they use a wallet right now and all the magic happens in the back. Not sure why that wouldn't be the case.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:07:22
Honestly that should be a defense.
But its a defense that you would have to bring up in court, long after the fed has already seized your assets and your licenses and whatnot to make your life miserable.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:01:52
Drugs != Ferrari.
Drugs don't have paper trails. Ferraris do. 
IRS doesn't just want your drug tax money, they want *all* your money if they can prove they can get more of it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:40:53
I wonder how taxes will be computed when you didn't cash out to fiat but did receive a tangible good using some bitcoin gains. Would they impute taxes on $169? The transaction is in the blockchain forever so sooner or later they could get around to it. Not a big deal in your case but makes me wonder about larger purchases.
@_date: 2017-12-24 05:55:32
Great article I just read from another post here goes into more detail on the Coinbase issue. It's.... bad. Potentially really really bad. They may have only a few million dollars in bitcoin on-hand, yet are adding 100s of thousands of users constantly. Something is fucked up.
Everybody's been focused on Tether (me too) as the atom bomb but Coinbase might be Mt Gox 2.0. And it is the largest/most popular exchange out there for all the newcomers. Between fractional reserve bitcoining and possible SEC crackdown now, this could be bad.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:47:38
Because there is no way to know if his "fix" meets codes and standards, so he could be endangering someone's property/health/life and/or further weakening the integrity of the road.
Lots of red tape for sure, but the *reason* is simple.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:01:13
The only reasonable bet for either of you to make that involves truly putting your money where your mouths are is to bet **1 BTC**.
That ensures any predictions either of you make will be very carefully considered.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:57:56


That's missing the point. Businesses need *stability* and wildly fluctuating fees are the opposite. Businesses won't be quick to adopt bitcoin if they can't predict the fees. Banks etc give them fees in writing and they are backed up by contract law. Bitcoin doesn't have that. 
From a social philosophy perspective bitcoin is great, but business perspective it is a horrible currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:17:10
I think I'm having a panic attack because binance is crashing while IOTA is blowing up lol.
But to your point, it goes wrong from the start:


This completely ignores the fundamental concept baked into the founding documents -- consent of the governed. The scenario above is based entirely on a tyrranical family taking it upon themselves to enact their will on others via force. That is *not* how a democratic government is supposed to function. Without consent their is no legitimate government. This was the entire philosophical point driving the American Revolution.
If we are going to talk about *ideals* then the *ideal* government would be one where there is unanimous agreement on what the government should do and the government does not deviate from that.
What that story seems to be doing is taking how government *currently* works and then constructing a bad analogy for it to hold up against the *ideal* form. I just don't understand that.
An "ideal" government would have unanimous consent, and those who did not consent could opt out of participation and also opt out of the benefits. We still have this somewhat in the US with unincorporated areas voting not to be annexed into a nearby town. They may not receive fire &amp; police benefits, garbage pickup, utilities, etc. But in some areas cities *are* allowed to tax surrounding unincorporated areas even if they aren't providing services, which is bullshit IMO.
But fundamentally, according to the Declaration of Independence, a government that does not have the consent of the governed is illegitimate. Under our system consent is derived through elected representatives. It has been twisted over the past two centuries by party politics that Washington and Adams specifically warned against, but it is still legitimate in that the governed can vote to alter every aspect of it at will.
BTW Here is my favorite quote from Adams on the issue of parties:


@_date: 2017-12-01 06:01:31
The show is aimed at the people who know some tech people but don't actually know anything about them.
It's caricature. Stereotype even.
If one were inclined to be the offended type one could compare it to Amos N' Andy. 
(which I am not, but you get the analogy)
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:30:45
BCH-BTC exchange looks frozen. Says no trades executed at all.
USD exchange was well over $4k now it is struggling at $3600.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:03:37
So then miners just spam MORE so there are even fewer slots open per block. Now fees are $500 instead of $50. And that's DAILY in the proposed business case of nightly lightning settlement.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:52:39
Right, but you said it would be far harder to explain fiat to a kid than crypto.
Fiat is the easiest thing to understand -- hand the lady this paper and she gives you candy.
You have to get the kid to understand smartphones just to get him to even *see* an app that uses crypto, and he would have trouble *counting the numbers* at all. Which is a problem with fiat too, but with fiat at least he can *see* the dollars in his hand.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:01:19
Ah ok that makes sense. Didn't think about non-US who had their coins on GDAX at the fork.
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:41:40
If murder is always wrong, yet I am an ax-wielding psycho about to kill your family, is murdering me a necessary evil? Or is not murdering me and allowing me to murder your family somehow morally better because *you* aren't taking the action?
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:50:53
If no one paid taxes how would public goods ever be funded?
Would you abolish public goods altogether? Full an-cap?
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:25:14
I hereby coin this "Belly's Law."
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:03:14
Yeah everybody hates the wallet. And they occasionally do a checkpoint of the Tangle and funds disappear until you regenerate the same number of addresses you had previously used. Still don't understand that bit. But there is a new wallet coming soon supposedly (soon.jpg) and reportedly the issue with checkpointing and securing funds will gradually stop going forward as the network becomes more secure.
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:36:30
People balk at the concept of off-chain transactions but this is literally no different than a store handling transactions all day then taking the day's deposits to the bank that evening and settling accounts "on ledger" with the bank.
I'm curious though, what if the processing node goes down? I'm assuming the company/store/etc would run its own node(s) redundantly and would maintain its own ledgers of transactions separate from the final settlements on chain (just like they maintain their own receipt copies now) but what about folks who ad hoc work with LN nodes casually? What happens to them if the node they are using goes dark before they settle?
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:31:24
I meant the opposite -- evacuating currency into crypto to make it more portable.
But honestly I think that is overanalyzing it. I read another post from a Korean in and he said the fundamental issue is that Koreans are just crazy gamblers. Period. I had learned that before and just forgot about it. They were going nuts over NEM yesterday/today based on it getting a WeChat wallet for use in China, but he said that it was pure gambling rush for them and nothing more.
What bank are you with that lets you buy Bitcoin at a fixed price with your savings account with 5-7 days to settle?
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:27:03


Honestly I've seen a lot of comments from people who mock fiat holders and bankers while in the next sentence gloat that in the near future *they* will be the ones with real power and wealth lording it over everyone in their lambos.
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:59:38
So then you want a military that can deal with China?
How would you fund that military since you want to cut the fed budget 80%?
I'm going to assume you will say you would spend most of the remaining 20% on the military, right?
If so then you don't realize the military relies *extensively* on the services provided by dozens of other agencies, and effectively would grind to a halt if they didn't exist. You can't just fund the military at its current price and expect that to provide everything the military needs. There's a giant hairball of interlocking dependencies and interagency mutual support agreements that keep the government running.
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:10:53
Good points. I'll throw in some things I've tossed around internally and also vocally in the past few months.
**1** Since the creation of the first electronic bit, data has been freely and easily replicable. This underlies the "information seeks to be free" movement because that movement views this copyability as an inherent part of each bit. Billions of dollars have been spent devising and implementing systems like DRM and license management servers specifically to restrict this inherent copyability. The reason these are clunky is because they fight against the very nature of bits themselves.
What Bitcoin does is it brings the world of atoms and the world of bits together for the first time. This goes back to Nicholas Negroponte's essays in the mid-90s on bits vs. atoms. Atoms are scarce, bits are not, therefore as the philosophy goes any attempt to restrict bits is a fundamental violation of the nature of bits and the Internet and is doomed to fail. History has generally shown that to be true.
But since Bitcoin brings the scarcity of atoms to the world of bits, we can now leverage *all* the inherent copyability of bits without losing any of the scarcity of atoms. Doing this brings economics natively into the world of bits for the first time. We can use all the power of all the tools that can work with bits and transfer value at the speed of light without being bottlenecked by the need to convert those bits back into atoms somehow at each endpoint. (i.e. to convert them into withdrawn dollars after a bank transfer, etc) 
Bitcoin has separated the *economic utility* of atoms from the *friction* of using atoms.
**2** Blockchains in general can massively alter the nature of how we trust. Currently we transmit trust across a social graph with a discount -- for each person/institution between us the trust we transitively propagate to each other is eroded by this discount factor. Eventually it reaches zero or near enough to be effectively zero, and we no longer trust anyone beyond that point.
Blockchains (such as Bitcoin) replace these multiple hops with a single hop -- the software and blockchain -- which we all trust by virtue of participating in the network. Therefore the trust discount factor essentially remains constant and no erosion occurs. So now you can transitively trust anyone on the network equally, with no intermediaries required.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:39:53
Before I spend an hour watching this, is it fair to say this gives a solid technical introduction to Lightning itself? Or is it only going to summarize Lightning in a slide or two then talk about technical enhancements?
Skipping through it the video looks like exactly the level of detail I want to learn about Lightning itself, but it would be a waste to spend time watching it if it assumes prior knowledge of how L2 technically works.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:43:33
Don't think they *should* do those things. With proper regulations Coinbase can be as solid as any other stock exchange, and insured against hacks, so funds can be extremely secure.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:54:57
True but also I think the fact is that it simply is a bit confusing as stated in the whitepaper when you first start out. If you don't have a good background in CS/tech you may not realize he uses the word "node" a bit loosely as expected in a CS journal article because he just casually starts talking about the network at a slightly higher level of abstraction, and most people probably don't have the theory background to pick up on that. Plus it is very tempting to view the whitepaper as the set-in-stone design of Bitcoin (as I did for quite a while honestly) instead of as the start of a project that has since evolved quite significantly, including Satoshi himself making changes that deviated from the original design.
The problem is when people treat the white paper like the Bible instead of like the Constitution.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:44:35
The web dev is only the tiny thin veneer on top of the whole giant system that would have to be developed unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:36:30
Exactly. He is viewing everything through only the Bitcoin lens.
It's like viewing operating systems only through the lens of Linux and saying Microsoft and Apple are just hack companies with no future.
Sure in his ideology Bitcoin is better, but he only has his one point of view and refuses to acknowledge the existence of alternatives, because they don't fit into his frame of reference.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:48:53
Yeah, I picked the wrong side, trust me.
Downside is that until 2018 (with the new retirement system) officers were brutally culled at around the 10-12 year mark with no benefits. After 2018 everyone can start drawing a partial retirement if they get out at 10 years since the system is transitioning from a defined benefit pension to a 401K-style system.
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:06:26


The point where you can sleep at night.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:06:33
You have gone from one extreme to another, erecting strawmen all along the path as you went. 
I never argued that all fields are equal or that everyone in those fields have the same abilities.
The fact you are behaving this way has far more to do with your emotions than it does with reality.
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:25:40
What the actual fuck man. 
Court orders you to [pay child support | turn over bitcoin]. You offer no proof of the [payment | bitcoin]. How is the court supposed to rule?
You have ideological blinders on.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:58:16
I'm humbled! Yes I'd certainly be happy to help in any way I can.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:20:49
Video explicitly said they will be market makers.
They will have to buy up a lot to provide liquidity. Though its likely they've already been doing that for months at least now.
Also opens the door to options and other derivatives. Wow.
Just imagine the CDO-like derivatives that can be created if Moody's starts rating cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:22:58
Most people claim Buffett only called for raising income tax, so I was just pointing out that wasn't what he said.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:21:50
I just looked this up to verify. Wow you are so unbelievably wrong here.
[Warren Buffett called for raising capital gains tax as well](




@_date: 2017-12-22 00:12:32
So glad Nick weighed in on this. Respect.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:53:04
My question though is whether it can be considered a solid *tech introduction* to how Lightning works, or is it assuming you already have a working knowledge of Lightning *technically* and then builds from there?
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:03:32
No idea what raiden is.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:00:36
This happened for a few weeks in August/September after the bcash fork. Miners switched between them to maximize profitability because bcash adjusted difficulty far faster than bitcoin. Someone on proposed doing it specifically as an attack to destroy bitcoin, because bitcoin takes 2 weeks to automatically adjust difficulty downward when hashpower is lost. It backfired on them hard, caused chaos in their network, and bitcoin has more than doubled in value since then.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:13:14
It was a joke.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:55:49


I think so. They can run those nodes on the fork and the transactions on that fork will not be seen by the Bitcoin network. They will pass by each other and both sides will ignore each other's transactions. So if someone wanted to do that they are welcome to, feel free to set up a network where you control the majority of nodes.
The problem though is that the other network participants can detect that you control those nodes, so they now know you can defraud the entire system via a 51% attack. That makes them more likely to abandon the network entirely, leaving you with control over a network consisting almost entirely of just you, with nobody to trade with.
But mounting a 51% attack at the current hashrate is infeasible since the Bitcoin network combined essentially is IIRC a few orders of magnitude above the largest supercomputers in hashpower.
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:26:09
Anybody who knows that already is probably insulted at the idea of watching BBT, and anyone who watches BBT probably doesn't know wtf a key is.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:32:00
Direct link for those wondering: 
It is slightly misquoted.


Once supported, customers will be able to withdraw bitcoin cash. We’ll make a determination at a later date about adding trading support.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:01:07
As I understand it the spam issue is that miners are filling the blocks in order to extort higher fees for the few slots left. They are in effect artificially limiting the supply of transaction slots, forcing the market to bid up the price. And since most people are keeping their coins in exchanges, they don't get to pick transaction fees when sending to another exchange so they just get blindsided by the fees. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:54:56
Currently over 5k sells and under 500 buys.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:34:25
[One serious explanation](
However from the [Controlled Supply page]( of the Bitcoin wiki there is this statement:


I distinctly recall reading in some of his archived e-mails that regarding some of the numbers -- 21 million, 4 years, etc -- he made some napkin-math judgment calls and they seemed "good enough" for the system based on his knowledge and experience and plans for the system. But I might be mistaking something else he said.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:49:55
Major investors betting millions on the price going up will cause more people to buy in because they think the investors know something. And vice-versa on bets it will go down.
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:20:19
For people like that it is probably more than worth it to kill your family slowly in front of you until you give in. 
Then kill you all anyway to eliminate witnesses.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:50:16
Which is more likely:
(a) Seth Rich was secretly the Wikileaks source, and the DNC had him murdered
(b) Seth Rich was chosen by Putin's circle for his "all-American" looks as the perfect target to murder to help undermine faith in the election and throw the scent off Russia as the source.
Scant evidence for (a) and shitloads of evidence for (b), including tons of circumstantial evidence that Wikileaks is in Russia's pocket. They were offered the Panama Papers and internal Duma documents on Russian legislators and refused to accept either one, then came out screaming about how the Panama Papers were a fraud perpetrated by the West -- the same language used by Putin, what a coincidence.
There is overwhelming evidence of Russian involvement, including Trump's longtime business partner who is now squealing to authorities and has told his family he knows he and Trump will go to prison.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:43:52
Okay but wood ships were a good investment for about 4,000 years.
I get your argument though.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:14:59
Aren't ripple and a few others supposed to address value transfer across blockchains? So banks could adopt different currencies and still trade efficiently. That's my understanding anyway. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:06:04
Well it could be 2.5k by the end of the year though, right? "Correction is imminent" etc.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:07:32
He was making a riff on [the Anonymous slogan](
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:33:18
I tried writing a couple blog posts on steemit, one went nowhere and the other made like $0.01.
My time is worth more than that, or maybe I just haven't figured out how to earn more. I see people there posting with bots that get $10-20 per post. Huh?
@_date: 2017-08-30 04:32:58
*Russia and NK become dominant financial powers.*
*Oppression is the norm.*
*Bitcoin facilitated dystopia against all hopes and dreams.*
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:51:52
You just said bitcoin is just like the beanie baby craze, because Satoshi holds a lot of the supply. The point is that they could make more beanie babies just like they grew more tulips, but can't make more bitcoins. So even if he did flood the market it wouldn't have a major long-term effect on the price. Short-term yes, long-term not as much.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:15:34
No problem. But re-read the first article, be prepared for the possibility of a real storm coming soon.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:47:18
That would be an amazing and hilarious evolution of the social marketing wars. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:46:10


@_date: 2017-08-14 20:50:04
You just said nobody knows what the price is in the same sentence you claim to know it must be higher.
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:23:27
This is true. As a new investor plunking down money only to find it was at the current ATH looking at the markets makes me sick. I know it needs time to move, and I can easily lose what I put in with no real loss, but its still an emotional reaction not a logical one.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:33:42
No, it explains how bitcoin *works* so you understand it.
There is a *significant* amount of volatility potentially coming very soon. You need to know how it works to parse the BS out of discussions. Also a lot of the volatility is due to politics and 2 parties exerting "ownership" control over it. It's going to get ugly I think.
That said look at this: 
It's on a log scale but still.
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:46:41
Yeah its Joe Rogan.
I feel the same way. Started researching bitcoin seriously a few weeks ago and the voice was screaming to jump in at $1800 but I held off. Didn't look for a few days and checked today and almost had a heart attack. Finally decided to jump in today and can't get the transfer in place until Monday. It's making me physically sick.
At least I was able to debit $500 but it was at the earlier peak, so watching it slide down $200 this afternoon was driving me nuts. I know better than to let it get to me but still.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:26:54
I meant 2014. The current bubble started a few months ago and is still going. My thinking is the current bubble extends for a month or two, propped up by segwit then lightning, then hits volatility with the possible hard fork in Oct, then corrects. 
So far the trend looks like the left half of the 2014 bubble. If it does the same as 2014 then it continues sideways a bit, then slowly degrades. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:28:40


  


@_date: 2017-08-14 23:41:56
My problem with DCA as a newcomer is that I have a small chunk to throw in right now but if I DCA it and it keeps booming I lost out on the growth.
I know the point of DCA is to smooth out the bumps, but its still a rough decision. 
As of today though it seems to have stalled at $4200/4300. On GDAX the asks are starting to outpace bids.
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:59:54
Through cash checking services that take advantage of their situation with high fees. They are *everywhere* in rural Alabama.


I wonder what the Amish could possibly have in common with those who want to keep minorities from voting........
Read the link. He was nearly impeached and that was part of the evidence.
If the government establishes a requirement to exercise a right, then makes it extremely difficult for one particular group to comply, how is that not infringing on their rights?
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:25:29
Read what, exactly? I've done a lot of reading on the technical fundamentals and think Satoshi is a visionary. And the fork proved the dev team is more than competent. But I'm new to *crypto investing* itself. So saying "read more" isn't helpful.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:37:27
Yeah actually. Oh well sorry dude.
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:40:27
I know it is, that's my point. Why is nonmining or premining it a concern?
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:44:37
Global GDP is only $75 trillion. So yeah that's absurd. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:45:56
Was not aware of minarchism. Its at least a more realistic compromise. Though I don't think it would hold up. Court orders have to be interpreted and enforced. If it is the police that enforce them, fine, but then there would be millions of police and they would have to establish a structure to efficiently process and execute court orders -- i.e. they would become a very large bureaucracy responsible for executing the will of the people. Almost like an.... executive branch.
It would happen slowly over time, but it would happen. I don't think anyone can simultaneously believe people are basically sheep and also believe those same people will stand up to a strongman who tries to bend the system into something it wasn't intended to be. 
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:36:54
My point is this is diametrically opposed to Satoshi's vision and the entire crypto-anarchist/an-cap vision that led to cryptocurrencies in the first place.
Ironic if it turned out that way.
@_date: 2017-08-28 03:11:19
Yeah I'm pretty convinced now they are the The_Donald of crypto subs.
I mean shit, I didn't *really* research bitcoin and blockchains until a couple months ago. I knew about bitcoin back around 2010 or so and thought it was cool but didn't really dig into it. (kill me now) But it's pretty clear in just a short time where the professionalism lies.
Anyone who is willing to rush off and conduct such a major change on such short notice, with so little planning, reveals either a stunning lack of professionalism, shocking immaturity, overwhelming arrogance, or a nefarious motive. Choose up to four.
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:51:54
Right, and I see that message a lot in this sub.
I mean, I get it, Bitcoin is awesome, but this is an echo chamber here. I was just reading some actual Bitcoin investing blogs and the statements made there about Bitcoin's future tend to be a *lot* more cautious than the ones here.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:56:27
FYI I'm not saying "avoid all alts" just be careful of the newfangled ICOs.
There are some interesting alts. I recommend looking at ones that have unique value propositions, fit a unique niche, have an in on a large market, etc.
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:45:33
Right that's exactly my point. I have no problem with the concept of agile dev, but so many people treat it like the Wild West where there are no rules. There absolutely *are* rules, and if you don't follow them in a project with real importance then you are just cowboy engineering, and that is dangerous for everyone.
@_date: 2017-08-23 03:16:13
Oh come on though that's a weak analogy. If torrents were a real threat to the US they would be killed and all the linux hippies in the world wouldn't stop them.
"Our petrodollar is collapsing! We need to stop the flood. But we can't sign the bill making cryptodollars illegal because some people use them to buy stuff on Steam! Curses we are doomed!"
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:29:28
Yes of course. When I googled the term all I found was software slot machines which caused the confusion.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:03:55
So... Bitcoin should be regulated, but Etherium and IOTA shouldn't?
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:46:26
I don't think he was endorsing it, just pointing out the original argument is wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:08:51
LN isn't here yet. IOTA has had this for a couple years now.
@_date: 2017-08-17 19:57:16
Interesting thanks.
One thing I noted in their sub is that they were crowing about clearing 80k txs in 4 blocks while the Bitcoin network had 50k txs backlogged. Is there any reason to be concerned about that? I did a test transfer to a local wallet last night of about $0.50 worth and it showed up as pending almost immediately and was cleared with six confirms within the hour, probably less. So while 50k UTXOs looks bad on a graph it didn't seem to have any effect.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:13:02
But conversely, any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice. -- Postlack's Law
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:49:31
I'm not saying inflation is universally good, or that bitcoin/etc is universally bad. Just that there are tradeoffs, and if you want to replace one with the other you better damn well be sure you can live without the good of the one you get rid of in exchange for the bad of the one replacing it.
You say on the one hand that the economy doesn't depend on people spending their paychecks, then at the end admit the point I was going to make, that businesses require people to spend their paychecks. So the economy in that sense *does* depend on that behavior.
@_date: 2017-08-21 02:19:51
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:40:23
Well look at the war on drugs. Banning hasn't worked so they just crack down harder. What about the war on bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-08-17 16:47:08
If you feel strongly enough about it you'll do it anyway. ;)
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:38:51
Bought in first time at the ATH, am grumbly a lot this week.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:16:50
Sure if bitcoin were Facebook or Twitter it makes sense to be that aggressive. 
Bitcoin aims to subvert and replace the financial system. 
Nobody went bankrupt due to a bug in Facebook or Twitter. 
The idea of fail fast is great in some domains but not things like finance, life support, nuclear safety,weapon systems,etc. Too fucking important. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:47:55


@_date: 2017-08-30 03:36:54
Hey thanks for the trading tip. :)
Quick question: What is the difference between going long and holding in relation to crypto? When you say you "go long" do you have a specific timeline in mind or do you just go by technical indicators like the one you mentioned?
Also, what exchange provides the ability to do tech analysis on crypto?
Oh one more now that I re-read it: is that weekly moving average goes down or up five weeks in a row? Or did you mean something else?
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:34:17
I was being /s :)
But I get your meaning. Yes there are tons of security holes in IoT.
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:38:53
Submission statement: I thought these were frickin' cool.
Once you get into a chart there are tools on the left to switch charts, change scales (timeline, log, etc), generate links in various formats (including Markdown for reddit) and more.
There's also the pretty but less useful [price.bitcoin.com]( but I don't know how "new" it is. I just never saw it before.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:07:21
Get out of here with your common sense and your fractional reserve bitcoin. Like the governments and international financial systems that run the world would really be able to stand up to a scrappy group of crypto nerds. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:08:19
Non-blockchain, uses a directed acyclic graph instead. (there were several research projects that concluded a dag is superior to a blockchain structure for scalability) Whitepaper is fascinating. Designed to be zero-fee, requires minimal mining CPU power so it can work in IOT value transfer, but can also be used as a currency due to its feeless structure.
Spamming the network actually makes it run *faster*.
Founded by the guy who invented Proof of Stake.
SatoshiPay announced it is switching to IOTA. :)
VW is working on a project to demo automated toll road collections using IOTA.
There is an updated whitepaper but it is on the IOTA slack, not sure if it can be downloaded without joining the slack:  (but anyone can join the slack and talk to the devs and founders)
It gets a lot of shit because people see that they are working on a proprietary ternary processor as well, and they mistakenly think the processor is required for it to work. It isn't. Any device right now can operate in the network. The special processor is just something they are working on separately for extremely high hashrate (think validating 1000s of tx per sec). But they are also in deep discussions w/ chip makers to add a few logic gates to their existing chip designs for effectively no cost that will provide hashpower in IOT devices for the network.
For more on the ternary computing bit see this 20 minute vid: 
@_date: 2017-08-18 01:36:31
Just nuke it from orbit, only way to be sure.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:02:53
The comments I saw here and elsewhere from those seriously studying the issues didn't say segwit would magically solve everything instantly, only that it would open the door to things that would. Lightning is one of those things, and yes there was hype about lightning but also if you read critically you would have noticed more reasonable comments in the mix -- lightning will come and help but no immediate timetables attached, or lightning will help but it will take time to adopt after segwit locks in. Etc. 
If you only pay attention to memes and hype you are not getting real answers. And that's not the fault of any technology. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:31:28
Yeah it's pretty bad now. But I wrote elsewhere that a lot of what we call Forbes is now a blogging platform anyone can write for with minimal vetting. Now you too can be published by Forbes with little effort. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:55:33
By choosing not to vote he has engaged in a voluntary withdrawal from the process, therefore his complaints do not merit further consideration by those who remain in the process. 
By his own logic he should be ignored.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:03:44
[Asks are rising](
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:10:37
I've been reading a lot about the diverging philosophies leading to the split. So I have concerns about Blockstream being a VC company driving Bitcoin dev, but they also so far seem well-intentioned.
So far nobody on the BCH side has responded to my requests to address the claims that big blocks will lead to exactly this type of centralization. Crickets.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:52:20
This is addressed in the original nine page white paper. Not the quantum part but the same basic idea. 
Real answer:  Yes it can be done technically. You can modify your local copy of the blockchain as much as you choose. But because every node has its own copy of the blockchain, and because the blockchain IS the consensus mechanism for Bitcoin, then in order to pull off a "hack of the blockchain" the attacker would have to compromise 51% of the computers in the network. If they all agreed that your version is correct then you pulled off the hack. But the nature of the system is such that it would cost the attacker far more to do that than the coins would be worth, and everyone would see it happening so they would abandon the system and coins would be worthless, so all the effort was a waste because you spent tons of money to compromise the computers and you won all the worthless coins. 
Crypto is heavily math based but crypto security doesn't rely on mathematical proofs of perfect security, only proofs that attacks would take more time or money than they are worth.
The white paper is ingenious and doesn't require anything beyond high school math to understand IIRC. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:12:53
Yeah I definitely want to buy and hold a small chunk, and DCA 10-20% of my monthly savings from this point forward. I have a pretty good grasp on the basics of the tech and believe in the concepts over the long haul.
What's killing me is I *knew* Bitcoin was a cool tech in 2011 and should have checked it out, but let life and bullshit keep distracting me. Then when it was a thousand then dropped to a few hundred, whoops missed the boat, it'll never go back up like that again. *Kill me now*.
If it does go back down, I'm gonna eat the shit out of the bear market.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:52:59
Holy shit this is the answer.
Let's stand up an archived copy of the blockchain and start mining in Pentiums!!
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:41:56
Last bubble had a gradual slide down over a couple months right?
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:35:15
.... maybe pointing noobs there would be helpful...
... maybe after being mean to us a bit though. ;)
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:40:34
I've seen some ridiculous transactions on blockexplorer. Many &gt;200BTC and several &gt;500BTC in a single tx. WTF.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:38:47
Not sure where the stories on guarding opium come from, when I was over there drug fields were burned to shit as soon as they were discovered. Maybe it changed, that was quite a while back.
*edit* nvm looked it up, it's not that they are actively guarding them, they are just ignoring them in some areas because that is all the income the farmers have, and farmers made destitute by US soldiers turn to the Taliban for revenge. It's a fucked situation. Instead they pay the Afghan gov't to destroy the crop, so the Afghan gov't gets the heat and the crop still gets destroyed.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:32:14
I don't mind a bit of salt in the comments. Some rough and tumble is good for the community. I'm new and already ran into a flaming asshole, but it turns out he is trying to protect newbies from getting burned. So I'd rather be told in no uncertain terms that I'm a fucking moron about something than have smoke up my ass and get burned. 
That said, it can obviously go too far and be abusive which should be dealt with. And I've seen some bans. But a 1-strike rule, while well intentioned, would be counter to the entire philosophy of Bitcoin. IMO. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:30:39
What do you mean $3k? Lowest I see is $4034 early this morning.
Not saying you are wrong about a retraction, BTW, just wondering where you got $3k from.
*Edit:* In support of your statements, the Elliot Wave Principle suggests the same. This is the argument used by the Goldman Sachs analyst earlier today to predict retrenchment. Bottom line is that fast rises follow five "waves" and according to GS Bitcoin is in its fifth wave now. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:46:12
Fair enough. It seems to defy traditional analysis.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:26:39
They won't do that because then they can't talk down about "shitcoins" without answering the question of why they aren't one. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 19:43:25
Oh fuck that noise. I just bought in first time with $500 and have a wire transfer for another half a coin that won't go through until at least Monday.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:12:26
And there was an earth-shattering kaboom in the internet market around 2000/2001 if I recall, before HD video streaming became available....
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:59:38
So then there is some merit to the argument that bitcoin is to some extent a centralized system right? i.e. it is [decentralized but not fully distributed]( I've seen that argument quite a lot.
@_date: 2017-08-14 22:09:10
Found it:  
Example: 
@_date: 2017-08-31 17:19:00


I've made this statement before to libertarians and been told I'm an idiot who doesn't understand libertarianism. Um, ok guys.
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:41:21
Transaction fees were baked into the design by Satoshi.
From the whitepaper:


less than its input value, the difference is a transaction fee that is added to the incentive value of
the block containing the transaction. Once a predetermined number of coins have entered
circulation, the incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees and be completely inflation
The intent was always there to migrate to transaction fees. The issue is just when and how much. And those are free market decisions. (though high fees should be considered harmful)
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:09:34
It's not the correction we want, but the correction we need.
Attracts more new investors by being more affordable.
Like me. :)
If bitcoin drops 90% value again I'm eating the shit out of it as much as I can for 12-24-36 months because I know its gonna blow back up.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:10:01
That would be fucking hilarious. I'd buy some just on principle. But only after I know it.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:19:50
[Possible cause](
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:02:21
[Only voice to say this in](
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:14:52
How much of that was really people piling in to get their "free money" from the fork.
Though it is remaining remarkably consistent at 4k....
But then look at 2014 it was remarkably consistent for a month or two then slid down into a long cold Russian winter bear market.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:17:08
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:53:29
Alabama governor in 2015 closed a bunch of DMVs specifically to disenfranchise poor black voters by preventing them from getting IDs and registering to vote. His side-chick (the one he resigned over) pushed the plan, it was done deliberately.
I used to think exactly like you btw.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:27:36
This is the classic Usenet argument happening all over again. :)
@_date: 2017-08-18 16:20:08
BURN THE HERETICS!
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:33:32
Yeah I'm still holding. I'm not heavily invested like some, only a toe-dip compared to most.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:01:34
This is what I'm looking for. Thank you for some sanity. I love the tech and want to invest based on that, not on hype. Definitely minefields out there, especially when there is talk of it threatening a fiat. The other post about Ukraine raising the question of bitcoin legality during a mining crackdown should be taken seriously, IMO.
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:56:57
Took me a minute to understand wtf was up with that site. It's genius, thanks.
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:05:37
But they only had enough fuel for the time machine to make one trip back and then return. So he won't be coming back I don't think.
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:14:28
Most programs like that have noble intentions, but the market is full of corporate ticks that manipulate people and scam the system to suck the grant money in for themselves. Just look at scooter scams with Medicare etc. Valid needs fulfilled by a good program, but that is exploited by the "free market" to milk for money. The current opioid epidemic is another case, with drug companies caught pumping drugs into communities so doctors can prescribe them on insurances dime, often Medicare or Medicaid. So they are profiting off the misery they created. But none of them will go to jail because they are all acting in their rational self interest and that is what the market expects. Look at the shit with for profit colleges signing up vets with traumatic brain injuries by holding their hands and helping them sign while in VA hospitals. Disgusting bullshit. 
No, overbearing government regulation isn't the solution, but an unrestrained free market is also not the solution. Yes the real estate economy should be protected from people who can't afford to buy a home, but people should also be protected from predatory lenders who pushed many of them into those loans through fraud. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:58:30
No it was a "white paper" if you can call it that: 
IOTA is very promising though. But it isn't blockchain, its something else entirely.
Did not know bitcoin was getting smart contracts. Ooooohhh.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:31:42
Then why did it blow up now?
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:10:50
Would like to do  similar analysis over longer periods. Where is the historical market cap list?
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:43:35
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:59:48
This is the part I find interesting. Bitcoin is an investment *and* a currency, so it is different from stocks/bonds.
But then, you can invest in *currencies* too, so isn't Bitcoin really just another FOREX?
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:05:15
By "a few days ago" I mean over the weekend. Seems like the bids were overwhelming so there were far more buyers, but maybe I'm remembering it from a different zoom level. If you zoom out on the chart the bids dominate, but that goes down to around $1k so of course that would dominate. I'm specifically asking about a "reasonable" zoom as shown in the image.
This is on GDAX.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:38:28
This is the first I'm seeing about the time-frame being shoved down everyone's throats and it is concerning. I work with an institution that has a significant effect on the people who interact with it, and when they consider a policy change they approve it first to be reviewed at another policy review a year later. That gives a cooling off and comment period of 12 months. If the proposal is still agreed at that point they vote to implement, but it doesn't go until effect for another 9 months. 
This is for one organization that affects hundreds of thousands of people. 
Why the fuck isn't a group that seeks to replace the entire global financial system affecting billions of people taking at least that much caution? I'm seriously curious here. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:32:25
I bought last night and now it's free falling. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:57:26
This is pretty much my thinking as well. The fork didn't cause chaos like many predicted, so that boosted investor confidence. The price blew up right after the fork.
I'm hoping for a correction since I'm a new investor, but also bullish on the tech overall.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:29:34
There are altcoins that by design don't use mining at all, but bcash is not one of them.
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:56:44
That's what I was thinking. Lots of modeling to test things out. Do you use some existing spreadsheet you got online or did you make one yourself?
Also where do you get the historical data from to test?
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:23:56
But NO!!! My wire transfer won't go through until *at least* Monday! So I'm super excited and horrified! :(
@_date: 2017-08-15 00:58:22
I'm specifically talking about IoT though. Not sure what an "internet slot machine" is... ?
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:41:47
Yeah I was watching the price, but I was new so wasnt sure what to believe leading up to the fork. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:11:39
Not all of us are stupid. I'm well aware of the BCH drama and started reading in detail in just in the past six weeks and didn't put money in until last weekend. The idea of coming in and shoveling money into a "rocket" that suddenly falters at the "peak" can be nerve-wracking because we are losing *real money* not just some paper gains. Granted it's not money we can't afford to lose, but fuck it I can think of a lot better things to do with money than set it on fire too.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:03:35
That's a bit "if" though. And he's reasoning by analogy, which has flaws.
I would argue that *decentralization in general* is comparable to the early Web (since that was the major design goal of the Web in the first place) and Bitcoin could well be comparable to Netscape.
But remember what happened to Netscape just a few years later.
So it might be best to reconsider the analogies chosen, no?
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:16:34
As an old-school web dev, holy shit it makes me want to scream.
The same people who complain about bitcoin forking are perfectly happy to have libraries suddenly change out from under them and a framework Node that randomly changes its version numbering system with no warning.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:49:56
But Bitcoin isn't a protocol coin, is it? (that's why I mentioned Ethereum and IOTA which are) I've always seen it referred to as a store of value, "digital gold" etc, thus it is an asset.
If the argument is that the SEC should regulate "asset coins" as securities then he is arguing that Bitcoin should be regulated.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:30:04
You said the price of dope drives the price of Bitcoin, but your second comment makes it sound like an inverse correlation. Which is it?
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:32:30
Forbes "sites" is a blogging platform. It isn't part of their actual journalism process. Virtually anyone can write for it with virtually no review.
But he's still an idiot.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:17:13
Honestly I don't know, which is why I asked you why it isn't one.
@_date: 2017-08-18 16:37:23
Not sure how it works in Australia but presumably similar to the US. In the US Congress and the President enact a law granting authority to an agency, then that agency issues regulatory decisions that are binding law on everyone within its jurisdiction. So presumably this one minor change is just the first step, authorizing AusTrac to then issue regulations going forward. 
If that's the case then it isn't so much the wording of the statute here, but what regulations come out as a result. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:21:51
No I said reading the serious comments here. 
And yes I saw you asked me not to respond, but I don't care. If you are offended by my comments perhaps that speaks to their accuracy. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:01:20
Ya think?
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:32:57
I had no idea security was important. Please tell me more. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:22:43
I was going to say "but what about price volatility in Bitcoin" and then I realized.... a lot of companies already take price fluctuations into account in lots of transactions and quote daily tx fees or whatever based on current market trends. Even to retail customers. So it should be relatively straightforward to adapt that model to Bitcoin.
Jesus fuck this could be huge.
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:49:03
I started to buy Monero a few days ago at just under $50. It tripled in value since then. Argh.
@_date: 2017-08-17 18:02:35
That was my first visit there actually. Typed in btc instead of bitcoin just to see if there was another one lol.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:19:46
Maybe. Maybe not.
Maybe Netscape should have made  deal like that when they were the dominant player in 1998. 
But then Microsoft would have found a way to break it on windows, and all people would know is that Netscape was broken or PayPal was broken. 
The web back then was like crypto now. Lots of chaos, minimal oversight and standards, and lots of arguing over what the right directions were for the future of humanity. 
The arguments were very similar actually. Just see the declaration of independence of cyberspace. I think that was 1996 or 1998, read to world leaders at Davos. "You have no authority over us..."
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:49:59
Military does.
Now grab your tinfoil hats.
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:40:10
On mobile now and Google search can't find it. Something like what happened with bitcoin. It's a very very good blog by someone who is investing for himself and his family not gambling, and seems sincere about his mistakes. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:56:25
Wonder if he could have done  a 1:1 swap for dollars before the transfer.
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:05:19
Haha. 
All I was asking was if you had any other info other than the GS estimate. Such as your prior bitcoin experience that would inform your gut feeling. Learners seeking wisdom etc. But you were snarky instead. So OK. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:46:46
Oh I'm convinced of the tech, no doubt about that. But we live in a world of humans and emotions and illogical irrational actors. That's my only point. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:21:02
Ok fair enough. But I would also argue that a significant amount of the innovations of the past century also wouldn't have been possible without inflationary fiat. It encourages capital expenditure instead of hoarding, and if you have to expend your capital you may as well put it into R&amp;D and capital improvements that will earn even more.
So.... inflationary economy makes the market more aggressive and innovative?
That's not to say it doesn't have downsides. But by only focusing on the downsides we lose sight of the benefits. If you get rid of inflationary fiat you lose the bad *and* the good, in exchange for something that has its own good and bad sides. Just need to be sure the good/bad of crypto outweigh the good/bad of fiat. It's not always clear-cut.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:52:48


I've only been around a short while and know this is bullshit. The article linked *specifically says* they support only a soft fork and are all but begging others not to create hard forks since they create more chaos.


@_date: 2017-08-17 00:53:17
Yeah I'm scratching my head over it a bit too. Seems like the analyst said the other day, witnessing the birth of an entirely new asset class that doesn't fit in anywhere else.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:18:47
 but muh pitchforks 
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:02:06
[Elvis-dusted and three feet long](
@_date: 2017-08-15 00:58:49
So you're saying lightning can compete in the same space as IOTA?
I'm specifically looking at this from a market perspective. Right now it looks like IOTA has the best architecture for IoT value transfer -- unless lightning is a viable competitor in that space. (or to be more specific, if lightning enables the development of solutions that would compete with similar solutions built on IOTA)
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:41:38
I will gladly sell so you can hodl more lol. 
I'm watching the bid/ask fluctuations on GDAX and its interesting. Just when I think OK I'll sell some now to limit losses, it switches and starts moving back up. 
I know I can't time the market. But my brain screams GODDAMMIT I'M GONNA PROVE THEM WRONG lol. 
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:32:06


That's the speed at which a bubble bursts......
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:45:04
It dipped under $3700 last night. Trust me, I took the Bloomberg strategy too seriously. FML.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:20:18
No, where is the video?
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:49:52
YES! I mentioned life support systems and weapons in my previous rant too! ;)
@_date: 2017-08-15 00:52:57
If I didn't already possess some knowledge I would find your attitude extremely toxic. But I also recognize that as the attitude of someone who has been through the fire a bit and is tired of bullshit. So I get it, even if I disagree a bit.
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:52:32
Ah ok, disregard then.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:18:12
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:03:45
Exactly. I had a related discussion with someone here the other day. My point was that anyone who has done development for a while knows you shouldn't just run off and make major changes to a huge system without extensive thought and testing and backwards-compatibility baked in.
The guy was *insistent* that agile methods and "failing fast" were the answer, because they are used at major companies like Twitter and Facebook, so they represent how all modern dev should work.
I'm like look motherfucker, nobody is storing their wealth in Facebook posts or tweets, so if your bug takes out half their tweets they won't go homeless.
This is a global-scale software engineering effort affecting billions of dollars and millions of lives, not a Silicon Valley startup.
Kids these days with their javascript-code-camps need to stop and realize the world doesn't run on Angular.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:20:21
Ideologically: *ew*
Based on odds of actual acceptance by banks: *nice*
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:26:44
Markets follow the money, so then smart investors choose Ripple? Hmm....
I'm looking at it a LOT more after reading the Japanese bank president say he is pushing it hard to other Asian banks.
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:31:24
Mobile LN app, always on and connected, collecting usage fees while idling in your pocket?
x 1000s of app users creating ubiquitous LN network availability?
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:48:52
In what sense? It is certainly called one by most and tracked on crypto market cap sites.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:52:44


Those are used by governments, not markets.
*Edit* But then an argument could be made that anything is fair game in a completely *unregulated* market. Which leads to the idea that a completely free market inevitably leads to consolidation of market power and exploitation through threats like this. Which is probably not a line of thought most here want to engage in.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:29:57
Only if he continues to invest. If he just holds his current amount then even if bitcoin reaches $1 million he will have a few thousand at best.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:42:16
I think the point here is that this is kind of an unreasonable suggestion though. It is highly unlikely someone will spend thousands of dollars in BTC on Overstock, trading a potential "to the moon" investment for a rapidly-depreciating retail product. If you think the future price of BTC will be higher then you are better off investing in it, because say two years from now BTC is tripled in value and the product you bought can only be resold at ebay for a fraction of what you paid. So you are trading say $9k for the right to hold an asset for a few years and get no return from it, so I hope that asset was really really worth it. And coming from Overstock, no it probably wasn't.
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:39:20


why then?
@_date: 2017-08-15 00:57:04
But transactions have to eventually be moved onto the blockchain, right? How would IoT devices do that given their low power and intermittent connectivity?
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:06:11
So is that an estimate that the current bubble will slowly deflate now (like they did before) and it will be five years before it really takes off again?
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:42:35
How long his (current) reddit account has been active has nothing to do with how much knowledge he has about anything. He could be fucking Satoshi for all we know. (but not really)
This account has been active for a while, I have another only a few days old. I used a couple previous to this going back to 2010/2011 or so.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:30:04
If we do that we would cause a split in time and spin off another universe, one where Bitcoin never existed until we did that.
Then we cryptically announce it....
WE ARE ALL SATOSHI NAKAMOTO.
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:54:45
Coinbase is brain-dead simple and its $200/week credit card limit is probably more than plenty for most Uber customers. But their 4% cut on the customer's side of the transaction will be hard to swallow. Maybe they can cut a deal w/ Uber and lower the fees in exchange for mass adoption of their wallet. Just have Uber pay 1-2% on their end instead of the customer, still less than credit cards and Coinbase takes the fees instead of Visa. That's a shitload of revenue Coinbase didn't have before, win-win all around.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:28:57
What are you basing that precise prediction on? Just the GS estimate?
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:13:31
Musk is an engineer.  Whoever wrote the white paper has a strong background in crypto and academics. It's a journal article, written in precise academese, he just self published it online instead. 
I read a great interview a while back with one of the world leaders in that arena and he said there were only two people in the world that he knew of that were academic cryptography researchers with an interest in crypto anarchy, him and one other, and they both denied it. That meant there was a third, and since none of them knew who it was it was most likely someone young, who had a lot of energy and passion but hadn't yet made a name for himself and  wasnt interested in the limelight. So we'll probably never know. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:16:44
Don't sell.
I'd be curious how much new investors are putting in. I first invested about three weeks ago, and I put in.... significantly more than an order of magnitude more than you did. When the market was "in freefall" last week and it went under $3700 I sold -- I had bought at above $4000 so I was trying to stop loss.
That was the bottom and it rocketed back up above $4000, so I lost many hundreds of dollars on a panic sell at midnight.
That stings like a BITCH. I could afford to lose, that wasn't the issue, but the fact that I *blew it* that hard stings hard.
Don't sell.
Predictions are that it will be volatile, possibly tank down in Oct/Nov, and within a few years potentially be 5+ times what it is now.
If you are serious about investing, read these:
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:54:12
Who is making those predictions? People on reddit? I guarantee you the GS folks aren't sitting on reddit making random speculation.
That said there is another analyst who is predicting $7500 -- but he is small-fry compared to GS. So who knows.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:13:36
They work on the Ethereum blockchain. Isn't it over 1.5TB already in just a couple years? And exploding rapidly? I don't see it as a scalable solution. Everything will run on the Ethereum blockchain VM, but few will be able to *store* the blockchain outside of centralized expensive cloud providers.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:17:19
That just sounds like efficient processing. When mining is so difficult why wait until you have enough transactions on hand to start mining. Better to start mining immediately. Occasionally that means you may get a hit early on and have an empty block. Saying that leaves transaction fees on the table is true but it also guarantees that you get the block reward which is the bigger piece of the pie. Otherwise you are gambling on someone else publishing before you do and getting the reward instead. 
The rational thing to do is publish the block as soon as it is mined, regardless of how many tx are in it. 
Once block rewards are sufficiently low that would no longer be profitable so I would expect it to cease. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:23:54
I keep seeing BCC and BCH used seemingly interchangeably all over the place. It gets confusing.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:48:14
If the Dow drops 50% there will be panic, and $20k will be called a bubble. But $10k would still be double the Dow's "pre-bubble" value from 2008. So yeah they don't have to go back to "the original value" -- if that were true then why would anyone invest for the long term?
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:54:08
Well ok yeah I took that for granted, but a few CGP Grey videos or some shit like that would probably get someone through it. Maybe not your typical highschooler then, but someone dedicated who only has high school math and is willing to do a bit of research. :)
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:57:57
Anyone who has done any development on a system of more than moderate size knows things should be done in tiny increments with as much preservation of capability and uptime as possible.
The idea that people think they can just pull up stakes and shift everything without consideration for basics like backwards compatibility, and then still expect the system and currency to accumulate value is absurd.
People value what they can trust. When you fuck with their trust in the case of Bitcoin you fuck directly with their wealth, and they will not take that lightly.
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:08:37
This is EXACTLY what I was thinking. IMF already has a replacement for the USD waiting as the international reserve currency. No reason they can't make a new version that is crypto based and push it. And US would adopt the tech for their own bitdollar as a veneer for the masses while still being inflatable and outlaw bitcoin before allowing the dollar to die. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:32:01
Well let's be honest though, predictions have to change when the price fluctuates as much as it has. 
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:38:58
Cool thanks for the info. Didn't know about backtesting, will have to check it out.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:25:16
The White Paper Argument also lines up with the purist Constitutionalist argument often found in conspiracy theory circles as well. Not that believing in strict construction is in itself a bad thing (it's a perfectly valid competing viewpoint really) but that there is in some sense a major (and increasing) overlap between people who are zealous about the strict construction doctrine and people who believe in the crazier conspiracy theories.
Compare that to those who say the Constitution should be changed over time to meet new needs. The amendment process is there for a reason. 
However, applying the strict construction doctrine to the white paper is fallacious because it is an academic research document, not a constitution. That would be more like demanding the entire US government only operate based on some letters from George Washington instead of on the majority choosing its path forward through a crisis. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:36:55
This isn't some anarchist utopia, people won't always be sending bitcoins out into the Dark Web to total strangers, they'll be buying from Fred their local grocer or the coffee barista or whatever. We have centuries of contract law precedent and whatnot. Courts can deal with situations like that. It's not like we are going to switch over to bitcoin at 2:41PM on a Sunday and suddenly every company is going to be chomping at the bit to trick you out of your money.
Anything that happens will be a generational change, slowly, with a lot of adjustments in the legal and social frameworks in the process.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:43:46
Hope whatever you bought for $100 was worth at least $150 to compensate.
@_date: 2017-08-23 03:18:28
The funny part is I didn't see the Bloomberg piece until this morning after the deed was done and the price had shot back up.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:38:44
I have similar concerns. 
But you should also know that Russia is talking about possibly embracing it next year. And they are now looking at converting spare nuclear power to run bitcoin mines. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:56:02
What do you mean by "growing"?
Blockchain size? Transaction frequency? Adoption rate? Value?
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:01:49
It's a blogging platform anyone can write for and say they were published by Forbes. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:54:56
One coin, most rare of them all.
Theory: [laszlo]( is Satoshi. He needed a way to get bitcoin moving forward in the real world so he initiated the first real-world transaction for pizza, anchoring its value in real-world terms for the first time.
Then he disappeared and went back to the future he came from to save us all.
@_date: 2017-08-23 03:16:58
@_date: 2017-08-23 00:45:50
In what sense?
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:24:41
Like a art market. Never considered that, good idea. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:31:10
It was 3800 when I checked and there was a lot of sell pressure, so yeah it looked like it at that point.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:00:55
Unless there was a new approach that can radically drop processing power requirements....
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:13:38
@_date: 2017-08-17 16:41:47
Yeah it seems to be a new type of asset entirely that is sort-of like all the others but not quite.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:57:21
Except it also sounds like a chance to reboot to 2009, mine on spare laptops, rack up a million "bitcoin 2.0"s, and this time not waste them on pizza and instead cash out to an island in 5 years.
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:15:50
There's an asterisk next to IOTA as well but it is hardly in the same category. It's not that they dumped all the coins to avoid mining, it's that there is no mining by design because the POW is completely different. It doesn't even use a blockchain. Completely different architecture. 
Don't know about the others but I have read that complaint about ripple before. I just don't know anything about it technically. So I'm just going on "its a fraud" and that's it. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:26:37
Possibly. I've read other saying GS only has "a couple months experience with Bitcoin" but I find it laughable to think that one of the dominant financial institutions in history hasn't bothered to examine Bitcoin. JP Morgan is a backer of Ethereum for quite some time now (year or more?) and they don't just "dive in" on a whim. So my thinking is you damn well better believe the other banks have been studying this shit for a *long* time and have just opted to not bother with it before now. To think otherwise seems foolish.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:40:32
It was a joke about extremists. Linux is awesome.
@_date: 2017-08-28 04:59:26
Imagine if Coinbase cut a deal with Uber, eliminated it's credit card deposit fees for Uber customers in exchange for Uber paying 1-2% on the backend. Uber saves money from Visa fees, Coinbase gets tons of transaction fees they didn't get before, and Coinbase gets mass adoption of users into its ecosystem for investing and spending more coins.
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:00:38
The web was created by the Fed    
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:08:22
I used coinbase to jump in earlier today. Really simple. Also got set up on GDAX just in case. Only downside is the card limit and time to wait for wire transfers.
@_date: 2017-08-31 17:19:28
"Just send your bitcoins to this address and then we'll tell you why after we withdraw all the money"
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:18:53
haha holy shit i didn't even catch that
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:18:50
Thanks.  Bitcoin was originally designed with the expectation that most users would be miners right? So now we have centralization of mining power via cartels. How can the users fight back when the hash difficulty is so high that the capital outlay just to even start with a single mining rig is in the thousands at minimum?
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:39:20
That didn't answer my question at all. I'm asking why the concern over premining and lack of miners. Bitcoin enthusiasts calling out other coins for not being decentralized while complaining about centralization of its mining cartels is rather hilarious. 
A system like iota is fully distributed not just decentralized, once the network is bootstrapped and the coordinator is turned off. But it doesn't have miners and premined so it's "not decentralized" according to your logic? Seriously?
What is the actual problem with premining? I'm not saying you are completely wrong just that I don't know what the arguments actually are against it. And if the arguments are like the one you gave then they don't always hold up. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:20:56
Was looking for a serious answer. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:15:57
"made by some foreign spy from Japan who is so ashamed of his creation"
If only they had any clue how much that guy now has.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:49:07
And this morning 3800
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:56:58


Wrong thing to ask any single person. I am not an investment advisor, sorry. The more time you spend the more you will learn.
But check this: 
Basically: Watch out for ICO scams, prepare for the potential of a significant crash.
But then see this:
It's on a log scale. The point though is that even with the six bubbles and crashes previously the holders win.
@_date: 2017-08-17 03:23:10
But its easier to just ask. Besides then we get to see you get all salty!
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:35:30
That's my understanding so yeah. But only every two weeks. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:39:55
Where I work we all use smart cards with encryption certs. The number of people who forget their pins or passwords and need their info recovered from escrow is huge.
We can accelerate bitcoin adoption easily. And while we're at it solve e voting too. Just issue people smart cards with their keys, and keep them in escrow for when they forget. Now try selling that idea to the public. I'm waiting. 
That's what gets me about a lot of the blockchain proposals. Blockchain is great and can be transformative. But there are ludicrous ideas out there. I saw one that wants to put all your medical records on it, encrypted via pgp, and only the patient has access. Sounds great but what happens when they forget their password? Or lose their keys? Or come in unconscious? Sure would have been great if we could have known he was allergic to that medicine, if only we had a central database that stored all that info. And people will scream that the hospital or whatever is losing their info. It's ludicrous pump and dump crap. 
@_date: 2017-08-31 17:06:04
Is that the one that claims to be backed by a government, but won't reveal which government until it is over?
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:24:59
Def thanks for sharing man. Really sorry to hear that happened to you. :( I'd been meaning to take mine off the exchange for a few days but life kept happening and delaying, now I forced myself to get a wallet and start the process.
I actually have dual 2FA required to get in -- 2FA into the password manager, then another 2FA check to get into the exchange. And the exchange forced a (tougher?) 2FA change yesterday even though I already had it enabled. So that's good at least.
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:49:50
1. Take out large mining nodes.
2. Criminalize specialized hardware production.
Txs slow to a crawl at best.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:14:22
Then I declare it must go lower. *Waves magic wand.*
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:41:10
I wasn't clear. I am not in bcash. I'm just aware of the bcash drama and the strong arguments against it.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:36:54
He holds a bit over five percent of the supply. 
If he dumped them all the price would crash down, then recover. And that would be the end of even that "fear".
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:26:13
WEF survey predicts crypto in general will be 10% of global GDP by 2027. Global GDP will be $100 Trillion so then crypto overall will be $10 Trillion total.
Now do some guesswork on the % that will be Bitcoin. Assuming it survives.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:03:02
I see you haven't been keeping up with the blockchain business lately then. Some of the proposals are beyond absurd. "Every medical record will be stored in the blockchain" etc. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:25:36
Never underestimate the power of emotional retardation when you put your own money on the line and the market goes down.
The easiest way to drive yourself into a pit of insane despair is to go all-in while the market is stabilizing at an all-time-high. Almost guaranteed the only way it will go is *down* right now when the correction happens, so you are pushing your friend to put himself in a situation where he will get excited for his imminent lambo only to find his savings shot to hell when it comes down.
That's how friendships are destroyed. Don't do that.
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:35:21
Thing is, some of the investors don't really understand what they are investing in, they are just riding the hype train.
Some of us have studied the fundamentals and have a better grasp. I'm far from an expert -- I just made my first crypto purchase *today* but studied it intensely for a while now and know more about it than anyone I personally know. And the thing is, even if there is a 50% correction I still plan to buy over time, both bitcoin and other coins. (I *really* want in on IOTA right now)
Once you understand the fundamentals it becomes a lot easier to believe in the tech, which makes a crash a potentially perfect buying opportunity.
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:08:49
Ah well I didn't know.  Will probably make this mistake again, it gets confusing lol. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:41:50
Also maybe they can't ban the exchanges, but they can require isps to block the protocols and connections for decentralized exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:57:10
Max block weight? Not familiar with block weights. What are they?
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:47:32


You invested $430,000 without knowing what is coming?
There is another fork threatened, plus from what I've read Oct/Nov is pretty much always a bad period for crypto and stocks in general.
Also, each of the last bubbles was followed by a long slide down, sometimes as much as 60-90% loss in value, that stayed down for as much as a couple of years before blowing back up.
@_date: 2017-08-17 18:58:42


@_date: 2017-08-18 21:29:21
Tinfoil hat to stir the pot:  if someone (govt, bank, evil supervillain) wanted to kneecap bitcoin before it can become a threat, a really cheap way would be to give key miners a subsidy to switch. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:57:37
I'm new getting into this (though I've known about bitcoin almost since the start) but it seems that it was *because* of the fork that prices exploded. It looks like the system proved it could withstand a controversy, and the dev team is competent and can roll out a stable upgrade without disrupting transactions. That is a huge confidence boost for investment.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:43:23
Well that's useful. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:40:18
You literally didn't understand my point.
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:01:59
Plug-ins required third party software installs back then. Not everybody could run them. Extensions didn't exist. There was a massive debate about how the web should be completely vendor neutral and plug-ins violated that principle. So it wasn't viable. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:59:49
Satoshi was a time traveler who came back to save the future. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:49:46
That's not entirely true though. I was just reading yesterday about some alts (NEM may be one of them) that originally considered forking the code but then chose to scrap it for an all-new codebase.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:39:36
Bingo. Easy to hate on the government until you need it, and realize you use its services every day of your life.
Interesting also that libertarian ancaps can be hostile to unions, when that is just a group of free marketers getting together to exercise their market power over the price of labor. (and yes I know there are destructive unions just like any cartel, but the point still stands)
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:51:26
Of course, how the fuck do you think ads are paid for?
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:33:07
Why does global instability ever have any effect on gold value?
@_date: 2017-08-23 03:17:07
tis a somber moment
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:23:19
Welcome to the club. I'm much the same, knew it was interesting back in 2011 but didn't investigate it until this summer, now mind is blown. Threw some cash at it at its peak just in case, prepared to ride it down and DCA it and eat up the next bear market. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:43:08
Would be interesting to see if there are any studies of black market prices to find correspondence w/ bitcoin. Highly unlikely but one can hope.
@_date: 2017-08-19 03:53:37
Thanks for the clarification. I figured it was pretty much the same being a parliamentary system. It sounds very similar to the US actually. We have the anti-ML $10k thing too. Agreed that the likely first step for regulation would be to have banks start reporting all transactions over $X from a list of known exchanges.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:38:33


Having a vested interest can also induce bias. Just something to keep in mind.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:24:18
Oh god same here. Went to sleep and woke up at a loss. Argh. 
I wouldn't worry except it was my first significant investment. FOMO did it. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:52:55
I generally agree with the principle but its still a bumper-sticker philosophy for real life. If the only good people are the ones who don't run, then we are stuck with only shitty choices.
Your approach literally rewards the evil overlords you despise.
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:34:15
Um, ok dude. Guess we'll see when the shit starts to hit the fan. There's a reason Mueller picked his dream team consisting of the best international money laundering investigators around.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:05:22
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:48:10
I rather like IOTA in theory, but I'm not sure how big it would actually get. Why do you think it will be, and what do you mean by "BIG" exactly?
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:54:10
It's like the people who claim the price is rising because of big investors having confidence, are completely blind to the impact this will have on investor confidence. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:13:11
Goldman Sachs predicts a correction of 30% or more coming. They called the current rise within a few hundred dollars. So I'm wondering if this is happening now or not.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:08:13
When you can't make it in tech, and can't make it in real business, and can't hack it as a real journalist, you become a business tech journalist for Forbes. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:08:56
I get your point. You don't have an entry in a ledger claiming someone owes you money -- you have an entry in a ledger proving you own the money. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:26:49
Trying to read through the *chinglish* marketing speak on that site is painful. But it looks like they are trying to establish a single blockchain on which anyone can register and disseminate their own tokens through their own ICOs. All on the same blockchain. Did I read that right?
That's.... odd.
This bit from one of the "teas" they registered is fabulous:


@_date: 2017-11-29 04:19:39
"This fucking oxygen shit is retarded. It has no fundamental value! All people are doing when they breathe is converting it to energy. Since it has no value I can't wait for it all to disappear."
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:45:06
Bitcointalk has beat the everloving shit out of yobit over shady behavior, altered buy/sell orders at time of execution, lost funds, etc. Wow.
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:42:16
Winternitz one-time signatures are supposed to be quantum resistant.
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:13:27
Double-spending is talked about *at great length* in the Tangle whitepaper with some ridiculous amounts of math behind it.
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:59:26
Is there a good source that summarizes the changes in Bitcoin over the years? Is it just a matter of reading the BIPs? Or would I also have to read all the source code commits etc as well? Seems a bit overwhelming to do all that.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:59:01


There needs to be a distinction between *value* and *price* IMO. Bitcoin derives value from being a store of wealth but also being available to use as a currency. Someone mentioned a day or two back that the price has shot up 5x in the past six months but transaction counts have remained essentially unchanged. Whether using it as a currency or as a store of wealth both would involve transactions, yet the transaction count is stable. 
So the price is currently being driven by speculation and holding not usage. Which implies it will come back down after some exogenous shock. The question then is what will the new equilibrium price be, which I suspect will be above its previous ~$1k ceiling but less than the $5-7k range lately. But who knows. That is all predicated on the current price being the top of the bubble, which has been the prediction for whatever the current price is for months now. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:55:14
I thought for sure there would be a bounce back down like there was at $5k. What the holy fuck is happening, $500 up each time I blink lol.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:28:15
Citation needed.
@_date: 2017-11-30 04:54:19
I love this theory.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:26:05
Price can swing pretty wildly in the time it takes to transfer. Fair warning.
Also look into triangular arbitrage. You can set up a churning cycle like this. Haven't done it myself but have seen a few possible opportunities.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:48:19
Ok still thanks for the great discussion, you gave me several insights especially about the hashing of keys, I didn't even catch that part. Take care.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:43:40
That's assuming there is no PoW change, which would surely be changed as soon as the threat is real.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:14:41
Don't invest in what you don't understand, and don't invest more than you are willing to lose.
I've learned one lesson: as much as I wish I had gotten in sooner, investing in crypto is crazy volatile and when it is happening you don't know if it is going up down or sideways and it will make you sick. You only see patterns in hindsight. That's why you understand the fundamentals of it, to invest in the tech and the potential.
Lots of great videos online explain Bitcoin, if you need pointers or have questions just ask anyone around here.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:28:13
Looks like $3k and $5k were projected within a couple months on either side of the actual date they crossed the line, regardless of which model was chosen except for 2014 predicting $5k in 2019. It seems to be a more conservative outlier probably due to the bear market then.
Interesting, will have to dig into it some more. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:47:17
Ah ok that makes sense then. Neat!
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:01:28
What's the deal with cryptopia and yobit? Don't know anything about them. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:20:14
Yeah that's about where I'm at now too. Was researching blockchain tech six months ago and realized I needed to learn a lot more about Bitcoin to understand it, and holy shit the lightbulbs that flipped on in my head. Invested a bit, got sick w/ FOMO during the runup, but expecting a correction and looking for signals of strong long-term adoption. Like the Mexican CB bit, awesome news.
Most people have no idea what this tech will do to society.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:48:25
I agree with your general ideas, but keep in mind the previous digital-gold attempts failed (from my understanding anyway) because they couldn't solve the double spending problem. Bitcoin solved that with the blockchain, introducing atom scarcity into the world of bits. (and I don't think the majority of people truly comprehend how unbelievably powerful that really is, and in some ways detrimental to the "information should be free" future envisioned by the original philosophers of the internet)
Regarding schools, keep in mind that a lot of people who are attracted to Bitcoin come from the libertarian and even anarcho-capitalist mindset. Most of them subscribe to the Austrian school of economics rather than the Keynesian school. Austrians generally hate the Fed and inflationary money policy, seeing it as a weapon of oppression and a destructive force creating an artificial bubble for 100 years that will eventually destroy the entire world economy potentially taking it back centuries. (according to many of them, anyway)
The hardline an-caps believe Bitcoin will destroy fiat and in the process destroy *nations themselves* and then everyone can live in crypto-utopia where all transactions are anonymous and no force can be levied because no government can intercept and take your property without your consent, thus ending all war. &lt;-- they literally believe this (and it is internally logically consistent, but not necessarily realistic, especially not in our lifetimes)
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:23:16
I'd like to see some historic charts containing previous milestones: $1k, $5k, etc. Would like to compare projected vs actual.
I thought previous versions had those. Or did they always start at $10k?
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:51:00
The only value oxygen has is its ability to be converted into something else that has actual value -- energy to propel the body.
The only value bitcoin has is its ability to be converted into something else that has actual value -- fiat.
Yes it was a bit silly example but the point should still make sense.
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:41:44
IOTA *claims* it was designed to be quantum-resistant, but I obviously can't verify the truth. It uses something called Winternitz one-time signatures which are supposed to be unforgeable by quantum systems. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:54:28
I tried to make a max card purchase on Coinbase last night because it was growing $100 per breath practically. Said it went through but immediately sent an email saying it was rejected. 
Then it turned and went down nearly $1500. So hey, thanks for the reject Coinbase! 
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:04:12
World Economic Forum made a projection in 2015, based on surveying a large group of industry experts, that by 2025 that the total value of all blockchain tech would be 10% of global GDP, i.e. the value of all blockchain companies plus all value stored or transacted on a blockchain. Using their own projections of $100T GDP at that point that is $10T in company value (market cap) and stored currency/asset value.
So no fucking way Bitcoin will hit $75T.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:15:43
FYI coursera has a cryptocurrency course for free. Focuses on bitcoin internals but you don't have to do any assignments, just watch and learn. Starts off showing how to build a basic centralized cryptocurrency then builds up from there. From 2014 but the vast majority of it is surely still valid. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:58:53
That would be a catastrophic market wipeout at these price levels. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:14:07
Read the Tangle Whitepaper. A significant bulk of it is devoted to the math behind double spending attacks and defenses.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:15:45
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:18:45
Yes, repeatedly. It is a brilliant piece of work, and is very short and shockingly understandable at a far lower level than I expected it to be. Someone with a solid high school education and some basic concepts of cryptography could understand this thing. It's not rocket science.
Satoshi not only invented Bitcoin but in the process he solved two longstanding difficult problems -- double spending and the Byzantine Generals problem -- and he created the blockchain, a new type of cryptographic primitive that is fundamentally altering the nature of trust in the digital age.
What he did is simply revolutionary.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:15:28
Quick lets pass an amendment to ban nothing.
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:35:24
Futures let you effectively time travel to buy or sell future coins with current money.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:47:48
It's a rough order of magnitude, to within a constant value of 1.4 billion.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:21:18
DUH! I should have checked, my bad. Thanks!
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:24:17
Yeah I don't think you understand the concept behind IOTA. You keep saying it "doesn't have a blockchain" without understanding what the Tangle actually is.
It's a blockchain implemented as a directed acyclic graph instead of a linked list.
Therefore transactions can attach at arbitrary points instead of there being a bottleneck where they are required to attach only at the end of the list. This means it is theoretically infinitely scalable.
DAG-based chains were discussed quite a bit on the bitcointalk forums a few years ago.
Also the lead developer is BCNext who is an old-school cypherpunk and the first Proof of Stake developer.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:56:06
Interesting, thanks!
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:22:58
Collapse of the dollar would shut down the entire US economy. You would no longer have Internet access most likely so your bitcoins would be useless. Nowhere to spend them.
Besides the idea that the "world is coming together" is a fantasy. Where are you getting this naive idea from? Countries are doing what they've always done -- looking to shit on their neighbors and exploit their resources.
The world is less stable now than it was in the Cold War.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:12:32
The blockchain has the potential to radically transform how we trust each other in society, and by extension will help support open democratic society. Most people have no idea what is possible. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:56:58
This is awesome, thanks! Nice shirts too! :D
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:16:28
Cool. But I'm confused -- do you have previous snapshots? That's really all I'm asking for, snapshots that show dollar amounts below $10k. If they don't exist then I guess they can be created which would be interesting, using the same math against real-world data to see how accurate the model is. I forget the name but there is a term for that kind of simulation using historical market data.
I just assumed you had previous charts showing $1k $5k etc but if not then hey creating it would be cool and appreciated. That would lend more credibility to model if it can be shown that the projections were *roughly* right (i.e. within 6-12 months or something) since these are long-term projections.
Just my thoughts. Thanks! :)
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:40:51
Yeah I'm not concerned about the specific dates per se, but the relative ranges. So if a previous moon math chart showed it hitting $5k it would be useful to compare those dates to the actual date when it did hit, just to see if the velocity is faster or slower than predicted.
And FML if I'm saying this why the hell am I not buying in constantly? Been waiting for the dip again since $5k..... Shot up so damn fast I just figured it had to drop back again....
@_date: 2017-11-03 22:56:35
Pretty much nailed it. Just check his "interesting" username.
@_date: 2017-11-22 02:56:11
Right, so the idea that WS will short Bitcoin to drive its price down seems nonsensical. They have no control over the price like that.
@_date: 2017-11-14 00:44:15
Saw a video interview with a couple core devs a month or two back, one said six months the other got a bit uncomfortable and said he would say more like 18 months.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:47:17
That would only work if you could convince a majority of nodes to accept your chain as the legitimate one, which would be highly unlikely.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:33:38
Had a similar conversation with family at Thanksgiving. Actually nobody ever mentioned it until the very end when I happened to drop it into a conversation. Millenial relative thinks it is a scam. The doctor married to the lawyer said he talked to a guy investing in "something weird... bit-gold-coin or something?"
So it isn't at mainstream yet.
To be fair though a guy I bumped into a couple weeks ago is an avid crypto investor, and thinks "ICOs are mostly scams" is not a legitimate statement because "Bitcoin was an ICO"........ .... ... ... ...... &lt;-- my brain shorting out at that statement.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:40:18
It's definitely not common knowledge. r/btc is practically founded on that not being common knowledge. I've never heard of it and I've read a lot of his e-mails and forum posts. No worries everyone is busy but if you do have a source I appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:02:50
Just running a full node does nothing to strengthen the network if you aren't using it to execute transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:35:41
There is no debt inheritance in the US.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:30:44
Yeah that was the one I found a little while ago. Why do you think 2017 is the most important?
@_date: 2017-11-04 04:13:44
Jesus. Those swings are nothing. It's lost 80% of its value several times before. I could have bought at $3 or so back in 2010 and didn't. How's that for a kick in the gut now. Bought some a few months ago and its more than doubled since then. It will go back down, then later go back up, then back down, then back up....
If you understand the tech and the issues it becomes a much more solid asset to manage. Swings can still make you queasy but not violently ill.
If you don't understand the tech and issues then you don't know when to buy or sell because you don't understand the market. All you have to go on is price, no firm ground under your feet, and you will always be sick.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:20:27


I wasn't arguing that Bitcoin was vulnerable, just asking what would happen to the chain. Coins are stored in public key addresses. Those public key addresses as I understand it could be vulnerable to quantum forgery. My question may have been poorly worded but the original example I was responding to seemed to imply that it would only affect *new* coins going forward, as if the issue is only about the PoW or block hashing for integrity.
My point was that an attacker could forge transactions for existing coins owned by someone else, by breaking the keys.
But I'm tired and didn't sleep well last night so maybe I've got it wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:19:33
Disagree. Give me 15 minutes at a whiteboard and I can teach a high schooler the principles they need to know to read the paper.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:20:28
How large is it physically? The paper is like nine pages....
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:40:01
I freaked when it shot up to over $1k then laughed when it crashed back below $500 and felt smug. "Yep it must have been a scam, haha stupid bitcoiners."
I doubt I would have made it through that market honestly.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:16:30
Those are the [Winter Soldier trigger words](
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:31:15
On just one exchange? Seriously?
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:04:57
"death"? "dying"? What are you talking about?
Blockchains are blowing up, not dying. Lots of work and research in that space. Too much marketing hype for sure though.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:09:29
I just read about blockchain addresses being hashes of public keys instead of the public keys themselves which is new to me -- was that built into Bitcoin from the beginning?
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:17:03
A virtual toilet that you pay to flush your dollars. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 22:46:55


Because it is **illegal to refuse to accept them**. Period.
The dollar is bootstrapped into circulation by force, not consensus.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:32:43
No you're being naive if you think that is something that is actually happening. Really.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:35:27
I love that "back then" was just a couple months ago. Only in crypto.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:09:16
How in the world would that work?
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:43:06
But what about the hundreds of thousands (by then possibly millions) of transactions already in the blockchain?
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:16:31
My guess is this is to provide a URL for an official AWS hosted Ethereum blockchain-as-a-service product. Azure already has that service, available as a template container/host to deploy IIRC. To me this lines up with the previous statements about Amazon wrt crypto -- it isn't that they will accept crypto for payments, its that they are gearing up for a BaaS rollout. Or alternately to block scammers like said.
My opinion anyway.
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:35:20
Debts are **not** passed to heirs in the US. So there is nothing to "ban" because it doesn't exist.
Debts are paid from the *estate* which is a legal construct created upon death to hold all the deceased's assets. Anything left after debts are paid is what is inherited by the heirs.
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:28:51
People don't get it at all -- the Tangle is a graph-based blockchain without the "all transactions fight for a spot at the end" bottleneck.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:23:21
An attacker would require a majority of *mining* nodes which would be prohibitively expensive.
Having a majority of non-mining nodes would not provide an attacker any benefit, because the attacker needs to control the chain and the only way to do that is through controlling the mining nodes.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:10:11
Why do you think it is a scam? Ripple was around before modern cryptocurrencies existed. It built a network around 2006 or so then added a coin after Bitcoin took off. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:55:10
I did read it. What DLT consortiums are dying? What "Blockchain without bitcoin" uprising? 
Maybe I'm out of the loop but it seems you are talking about fork-specific issues while using overly-generic terminology.
@_date: 2017-11-30 04:52:16
A common statement that popped up in interviews with a few of the world's top crypto experts assumed it was someone who was
(a) extremely knowledgeable about computer science and economics  
(b) spent a lot of time discussing libertarian/an-cap stuff e.g. with cipherpunks etc  
(c) was probably young enough to devote a completely obsessive amount of time and effort to doing this
At the time it was generally considered that Hal Finney and (I think) Nick Szabo were the only two who matched that description.
So if it wasn't Hal Finney or a Hal/Nick combo then they figured it is likely someone in the vein of Vitalik Buterin. (not him literally, but someone like that -- mid-20s or so, but wants to remain anonymous like Nick Szabo who we know almost nothing about -- or is dead)
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:44:35
Page 2 of the whitepaper:


next by digitally signing a hash of the previous transaction and the public key of the next owner
and adding these to the end of the coin. 
The sender *must* know the public key because the public key *is the address*.
The sender will not know the *private* key.
What am I misunderstanding here?
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:20:03
Give it a try, it is much easier to read than you probably think.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:27:26
This is the issue. Need to have cash accounts set up already to buy/sell immediately, and be able to handle losses that may occur during the transfer period.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:50:15
I just asked a fucking question, not take a stance.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:29:56
Satoshi is dead. Either he was Hal Finney or he fell and hit his head on a drunken bender in 2014 mourning the bear market.
Or he traveled back to the future he saved.
Either one of those is equally likely.
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:20:08
I don't know all the details of the Tether issue, but from what I do know it seems like it could have the power to pop the bubble pretty severely. If people believe (true or not) that it is behind the massive blowup in price they will flee and tank it hard.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:37:20
Been wondering the same thing.
But that happened because of the Mt Gox crash shaking confidence. That was really the only major exchange right? Now there are like 20 exchanges. While a hack of one would be a blow I don't know that it would be as deep or long.
Then again if a large % of the current run is due to newbies piling on and they got skittish and bolted then maybe.
But then those who believe in the tech and potential would pile on buying cheap coins and help it bounce back.
Who knows?
@_date: 2017-11-01 22:04:19
Right that's what I meant, without needing a central manager.
Regarding the differences, in some sense I think it is an ideological blinder: fiat &amp; FRB = evil, bitcoin is our lord and savior, therefore bitcoin can never do anything evil like FRB.
Certainly nothing is stopping an exchange from having some kind of FRB system in place based on Bitcoin, and indeed I believe Bitfinex was recently accused of exactly that. But I think what the OP was referring to was that if everyone held coins in their own private wallets then there couldn't be any dilution of the coins. But then your point seems to be that FRB creates debt instruments not currency. Which is a good distinction. A lot of people (myself included) often forget to distinguish between FRB and printing more fiat. So I think the OP was possibly making that mistake as well, and trying to convey that Bitcoin itself cannot be artificially diluted through a policy of quantitative easing. Which is correct. But FRB can be implemented *on top of Bitcoin* which is a separate concern.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:12:02
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:18:36
Running a full node is a read-only operation. It has no effect on the blockchain. Using the node to validate transactions and participate in transactions helps give Bitcoin value. Unless you use the node in transactions it has no effect on the network. This is a common misunderstanding. This was explicitly stated to me by a core dev. According to him any statement about running a full node to benefit the network must also imply using the node in transactions or it reflects a fundamental misunderstanding of the system.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:03:51
Got the same Coinbase email last night. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:11:19
If you had went all-in when it was at $1k in 2013 you would have lost your fucking mind as it spent *two years* slowly sliding back down to $200 and people bailed left and right.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:30:26
Wait my understanding was that the address *is* the public key. That's straight from the whitepaper. So every public key in the system is already exposed on the chain.
@_date: 2017-11-03 03:52:21
It's not as simple as citing eminent domain though. The reason *why* eminent domain is actually legal (other than "use of force") has a bit more background.
When you buy your house and land you are actually buying it under terms called "fee simple". This means that you are buying the land under the agreement that the government has a *superior claim* to your land and can exercise that claim at a later date. Under fee simple, the government can attach many "encumbrances" to the title, including the payment of tax and eminent domain rights.
The other type of title is **allodial title**. It basically only exists as a title governments themselves can own. So governments own title in allodial and they then grant you a title under fee simple terms. But the government is the ultimate owner of all land within its borders. Nevada briefly allowed landowners to upgrade to a so-called "allodial" title and no longer pay property taxes, but I don't think it was true allodial i.e. the government still had superior claim.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:50:32
IOTA has tripled in price in like a week or so and keeps shooting up. Microsoft partnership just happened, tons more coming. Kicking myself for not buying more.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:38:42
Yes I'm sure it is the absolute worst one you have ever seen.
Besides it makes just as much sense as arguing about the intrinsic value of a bitcoin vs conversion to fiat. 
The value of anything is in what you *do* with it. Oxygen has no inherent value either.
@_date: 2017-11-19 16:56:59
Go to Afghanistan. There are some great people there, but there are also an overwhelming number of lazy motherfuckers who don't care about anything. Happens a lot in that part of the world unfortunately.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:54:15
Ooooh, shit okay that makes so much more sense now. I knew about coins being minted in the first block but didn't catch that they were called coinbases. TIL. Thank you!
So was there a bug in the system that caused them to not receive the full reward? I seem to recall reading some about that, maybe in some of the early comments/emails. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 03:15:48
Some people just have to be outraged when others don't think the same as them.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:49:41
They aren't dumb, they just don't understand how it works. Big difference. 
Try explaining how bitcoin works to anyone other than someone with sufficient technical background and you have to resort to analogies that get progressively more abstract and create misunderstandings.
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:04:26
I would advise diversifying a bit though, just to hedge against risk.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:46:22
What does that even mean? I'm fairly familiar with bitcoin but never heard of a coinbase as an entity in the bitcoin system. Mining is simply solving the hash puzzle at the current difficulty level. There are no "sources" to mine so how can you say there are "some coinbases" (??) and that they "weren't mined" (??) somehow "for their full amount"?
If I'm misunderstanding something about bitcoin please enlighten me. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:13:05
Stanford would hire him. Stanford cancer research is so hot right now.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:45:15


haha nice one
@_date: 2017-09-02 22:43:09
It is extremely inconsequential if you rephrase it:
Would you pay $1k to make $20k? What about $6k to make $100k?
@_date: 2017-09-08 19:32:31
It's like anything else -- it has value because it is rare and people value it. That's it.
Diamonds are almost as plentiful as seashells, but because the diamond monopoly De Beers keeps a tight control over the supply and only allows a small amount to be added each year, people go nuts over them because they are "rare."
Same with gold. People believe it has value because people believed it had value for thousands of years.
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:24:09
NEO has some odd stuff happening to it in general. There was discussion yesterday of what appears to be massive bid/ask manipulation keeping the price stable at $20 while allowing occasional blowups and corrections.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:13:05
Bots aren't intercepting posts before they are submitted. They use the reddit API to monitor new posts and take action on them after submission.
I'm assuming Automod works the same way since it would make sense to use the same API structure instead of having a separate bot coded with backend access that can intercept posts in realtime.
@_date: 2017-09-04 03:01:38
$225 to go to a club is a serious wallet disease. I mean damn.
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:52:28
Cryptocurrencies are a new asset class.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:51:02
No offense but you literally know nothing about that person. I get that you are terrified right now but you also have a great many years of life ahead of you and you will do just fine.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:21:53
Corporations do cross-currency sales like that but they use forex hedging to transfer risk of value drop onto a bank, and use option contracts to convert the currency at a rate of their choice.
However I don't see Joe Crypto doing forex hedging, so the risk for them is very real.
Around 10 years ago a bunch of people had gotten into mortgages in the US where they contracted to pay a Chinese bank in yuan. It was great early on when the dollar was favorable, but when the 2008 bubble burst they were suddenly drowning. They owed the same amount of yuan on paper each month but each yuan cost way more. Basically they took out a forex mortgage.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:37:52
I wouldn't put too much faith in not repeating mistakes. We also know why we are facing such massive destructive hurricanes right now, they were predicted for *decades*, yet we do next to nothing to prevent it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:30:31
Stupidity is not a valid defense for breaking the law. Even those who are succeed in an insanity defense are incarcerated in mental hospitals. The law will still seek social justice and isolate the guilty party to prevent further harm.
There is however the issue of whether or not a president can be indicted. It is entirely possible that a president is beyond indictment which would be in keeping with ancient Roman tradition which the Founders studied for inspiration. That's also why impeachment is available. Indictment *after* impeachment however may or may not be possible for any crimes committed while in office, but likely would be possible for any crimes committed before the office was assumed.
@_date: 2018-11-29 00:05:09
OK yeah I heard some about people tinkering with the system trying to exploit it. 
Love the -1 sat. Must have been rather touching actually. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:40:13
Since money is put in up-front I guess a good analogy would be a pre-paid VISA card.
Also I just realized, there should be no reason why VISA couldn't extend this to a credit-based model, right? Apart from a crypto-anarchist dreamland, Bitcoin will exist within the current and near-future legal system and social structure. So that opens up opportunities beyond the current vision.
If you want to conduct your transaction pseudonymously you can, using the prepaid option, and the broker will take their initiation or settlement fee (or charge per tx or whatever the parties agree on).
But if you are willing to submit to a credit check, then "opening a channel with VISA" could be equivalent to "opening a credit card" and then you can spend bitcoins you don't yet own and pay them back later.
I realize this is probably antithetical to the Bitcoin purist crowd, but the tech theoretically can support such a system, right? If so then it could facilitate even more widespread adoption -- instead of VISA being destroyed by Bitcoin they can just add it as a separate payment channel. PayPal could do the same.
But the beauty is that *anyone* can become the payment processor. So if a merchant wants to become the trusted local processor node for their small town they can, and don't have to rely only on VISA. So this opens up competition in the payment processor space.
Though there would likely be some centralization due to the network effect, and VISA/etc have that in the bag. Still it is *possible* with Bitcoin unlike the current system which has a few near-monopoly providers.
@_date: 2017-09-19 01:54:04
I might give it a try.
Also the precise pill combo has been quite extensively studied for cognitive benefits, and 100+200 has been found to be a remarkably effective dose for most people. Has a very powerful focus effect.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:17:46


Bitcoin maximalists claim it will do exactly that.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:36:03


WEF predicts $10 Trillion market for blockchain and cryptocurrencies in 10 years. (that includes total value of all cryptocurrencies, and presumably total value of everything stored in any way on a blockchain)
They predict taxes will be collected somewhere on a blockchain by 2025.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:59:29
Banks also won't let it rise. At least that is a theory, and thus a risk.
From my understanding XRP transaction fees are burned, not transferred to a validator node. So banks have an incentive to keep transaction fees as low as possible. If a transaction fee is 0.1 XRP and 1 XRP = $0.20 then an international transaction costs $0.02, but if 1 XRP = $200 like many want then an international transaction costs $20.00.
Also Ripple is about to face competition from Utility Settlement Coin, which is being developed by the "real" big banks like Barclay's and HBC as well as central banks.
*Note: I actually like Ripple, but have concerns about it's realistic potential, especially since banks can use the network without the token*
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:06:24
Meaning you used to be in bitcoin but no longer?
Or you aren't investing right now because it is at a high and seems to be starting a slow step slide down like before?
@_date: 2017-09-03 02:29:56
Oh sure there are tons of them. It just seemed they were all lumped under the same umbrella in those comments. But maybe I didn't read between the lines enough. Still learning. Thanks. 
@_date: 2017-09-17 03:09:28
Now this is a reasonable response.
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:55:47
Bonus points for honest answer. Gotta have something to cling to for hope in times of darkness right. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:25:39
Actually I stand corrected, I just watched the video (didn't have time last night, thought it was an interview or something) and that was scripted as shit. It was ridiculously obvious. Why anyone would think that was effective as an endorsement is beyond me.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:13:35


It takes a hell of a lot longer than a few minutes for a company to change its packaging ratio and distribute goods out to retail though, but you can lose 10% or more of your bitcoin value in a few minutes.
So those two scenarios aren't even properly comparable.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:48:25
That's remarkable.
@_date: 2017-09-30 20:34:50
Awesome I'll make time to read those. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-09-03 19:11:45
I've started to come to this line of thinking. I would *love* a 90% dip. I would eat the *shit* out of it as much as possible. Not mortgage-my-house level, but shovel-tons-more-in level.
Though that is assuming there aren't grave existential threats. But then, the drama has always existed, right? That's why people bailed each year.
@_date: 2017-09-04 18:10:45
Tetanus, sepsis, staph, necrotizing fasciitis (flesh-eating bacteria), MRSA.... The list goes on and on. Modern medicine makes treatment of hundreds of life-threatening illnesses nearly trivial, so we forget how horrible they can be.
Here's a ELI5 response from a year ago:


In an environment like that you just get a fever and pain, then organ failure, then death. But all anyone sees is fever and pain, which looks like the fever and pain from flu or anything else. (flu also kills 50,000 people in the US alone each year) So anytime you come down with a sickness in a remote area like that there would be fear that it would be the end. Plus even if it is "just a minor cut" the possibility of a suppressed immune system during that time could open the door to major illness or disease you might otherwise easily fight off.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:51:00


Sure they have controlled experiments, but there are still a *lot* of limitations.


Nope. How the hell would you establish a control group for an international trade policy, or a monetary policy change, or ... ?


@_date: 2018-03-12 03:01:55
You mad about seeing a bunch of stuff fox news doesn't cover?
@_date: 2017-09-24 17:49:59
I know it gets shit because the term is used in as a pejorative but its true, and I use the term fairly frequently and accurately IMO:  Bitcoin maximalists.
Bitcoin maximalists believe:
* Bitcoin will moon no matter what
* Bitcoin is a moneybadger that can never be stopped
* All counterarguments are FUD by people who are ignorant or evil
* You should take out high interest loans to invest in a speculative asset
* Bitcoin will replace all fiat
* Once fiat is replaced there will be no need for national borders or even the concept of a nation at all
* Everyone will live in an-cap utopia forever, sailing the seas on their sailboats and seeing themselves as revolutionary pirates
Believing anything less than the above brings them out. It's kind of funny.
The thing is I don't inherently disagree with some of the arguments, it is truly transformative and revolutionary, and may topple small-time currencies eventually, but won't overthrow nations.
Meanwhile a lot of us believe it is a really neat new asset class that will grow global wealth alongside existing assets (currency, stocks, etc) by fundamentally transforming industries the way HTTP and HTML did.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:56:11
We need numbers that go farther than that. Some of us missed the early boat and don't have a bitcoin but have way more than 0.02 worth and want to look even farther down our noses at those who only have 0.02... :)
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:22:47


Yes but the parent commenter is one of them, hence my point. :)


Right, but what is the true likelihood? This has been declared imminent for many *decades* now and hasn't happened. 
Though $20Tn is ridiculous debt.
@_date: 2018-03-12 03:03:43
Hahaha that's awesome. I can't imagine being so masochistic that someone would wait all week for something (i.e. truth) that you *know* is going to be painful and then cry all week to everyone who listens about how the bad man hurt your feefees.
What was that I heard about triggered cucks?
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:50:42
Been hearing good things about Gemini and now Robinhood so I might check them out. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:42:23
brb shorting ripple
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:24:08
As someone who wanted to buy at $25 but waited until now, it is pretty clear to me that even if we have a Russian bear winter for several years it will blow up again -- assuming it survives all the drama and regulation and whatnot of course.
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:45:45
The David Bowie interview clip about the Internet that someone posted earlier was on point. In the clip he sounds just like a crypto enthusiast and the interviewer is the legacy adherent.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:29:22
Fair points. One of the biggest opportunities will be for other countries to use it as an attack against the supremacy of USD. I thought China would be happy for that since they tried to push the yuan as a global reserve a few years ago but it fell flat. Now they are (supposedly) banning exchanges, but that is likely due to their inability to control internal activity. They value stability over everything, so bitcoin may be as much a threat to them.
Russia on the other hand has a leader who loves money and wants more of it, can largely direct entire sectors of the economy at a whim, wants to knock the US down a notch, and wants a way to get around sanctions. Surprise surprise Russia is all interested in BTC and ETH suddenly. It would be interesting to see it backfire and undermine the oligarchs. Bitcoin-powered Arab Spring in Russia so to speak. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:05:44
It would be hilarious if PBOC creates ChinaCoin only to find that people use it for atomic swaps with Bitcoin and capital evacuation ensues.
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:50:26
Crypto adoption doesn't require smart contracts. That just confuses the issue. The current legal system is perfectly capable of adapting to manage contracts in crypto. 
Did you know you can get mortgages in the US that are pegged against Chinese currency? It works out in your favor when the dollar is strong but as soon as it dips your mortgage spikes. People have lost everything because their mortgages suddenly doubled. 
@_date: 2017-09-24 17:59:25


You are picking out a small group of zealots and claiming they represent the whole group. Kind of like how people pick out neo nazis and claim they represent all conservatives and libertarians. It's bullshit either way.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:53:58
I love it when subtle differences in arguments are called out like this. Bravo.
@_date: 2017-09-08 19:34:41
You are right, I was off by a factor of ten. It was late and I was tired, oops.
I can see Bitcoin at $200k *possibly* but that is with a *lot* of assumptions baked in, including all of the (unknown) assumptions in the WEF model. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:11:46
If you want to use that argument then the honor should go to Wei Dai -- his *b-money* was designed in 1998 and was actually *cited* by Satoshi in the Bitcoin whitepaper. Not Szabo.
@_date: 2017-09-30 22:15:48


Yes, but that doesn't mean it *will* happen.
Those in this sub are the 0.0001% who understand the concepts at issue here.
The overwhelming majority of people will just go to the bank because its a bank and they will expect it to act like a bank and they will demand their loan and any denial will be met with either taking business elsewhere or accusations of racism/sexism/whatever. Banks want to make a profit so they will find a way to issue loans on paper using blockchain accounting, and maybe have it backed by some crypto currency.
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:45:33


@_date: 2017-09-14 02:50:06
The problem is that all crypto requires the holder to be a completely paranoid tech expert. (assuming none is held on exchanges) That describes about 0.001% of the population. Getting Bitcoin into true widespread adoption requires a system that is not just bulletproof but idiotproof -- Grandma went bankrupt because she was off by one digit in her 65 character key when she thought she was transferring her savings into a more secure wallet. Multiply that by millions of people.
A system has to be *trusted* and too many narrowly define trust in the crypto sense and not the true wider social sense. We have millions of years of evolution to establish trust in people and thousands of years to establish trust in institutions. Meanwhile we still have many people who are afraid to push a power button.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:21:08
Good points. I don't take memes too seriously though. :)
I'm still working on the Tangle whitepaper for IOTA. I mean damn its dense, but understandable if you just sit down and read it slowly. I'll check out the Lightning paper next.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:14:29
Bitcoin seems intentionally designed from the beginning for this type of survivability. It is not the fastest, or the most efficient. It isn't the "best" at anything other than being able to route around problems, and to do that it has to be in some cases barely acceptable in other areas. This was a very conscious design decision.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:03:59
Just gonna say, that is a slick ass presentation.
I mean obviously it is for execs, but it does a good job of conveying the very high level basics of the tech with a presentation that says "we are hi tech as fuck so give us your money."
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:48:43
What it really means is "We are all discussing it because we each think we might be the ones ultimately calling the shots." Russia/China will be the two big dogs and it would be like Germany/France in EU.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:13:42
"Any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice." -- Postlack's Law
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:18:01
You can DIY it with Google search trends.
The problem though is that it doesn't give absolute values, only relative. So whatever the highest traffic for that term ever was is considered 100% for that term and demand for that term over all other time periods is scaled relative to that.
So while a correlation may be drawn by watching the charts there isn't really a way to directly match them up in terms of numbers, since Google doesn't provide the actual numbers. (that I found anyway)
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:45:23
Bitcoin Cash also forces the blockchain to grow far larger than it currently is, converging the network toward centralization.
The health of Bitcoin is in its ability to be decentralized on low-end nodes. If you blow up the size of the blockchain and take that away then you are *also* fundamentally altering the nature of Bitcoin.
Both sides are making changes to the system, like it or not. 
The difference is the Bitcoin Core approach is to add a layer and *minimize* changes to the underlying Bitcoin network. In other words, *preserving the integrity of Bitcoin as designed*.
That's how it looks to me anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:19:26
This is the correct age for risk taking. Wait till you are over 40 though you might feel a bit different. :)
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:06:06


No they aren't. Those of us who have served downrange almost unanimously do so specifically because we believe people should have the freedom to express themselves. We also believe people should have the courage and integrity to back up their beliefs with actions. Not be forced to demonstrate loyalty to something they feel is corrupted.
If someone exercising their Constitutional right to make a political statement offends you then you should stop and think about what country you are in and why you choose to remain here.
The only person I see spitting on their sacrifice is you, the person demanding that fellow Americans not exercise the rights those soldiers gave their lives to protect.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:44:55
I hash the address and hash what I copied and pasted then visually compare the hashes..............
@_date: 2017-09-08 23:15:38
Well I over simplified. It's value comes from the fact that it is a currency that cannot be manipulated or inflated by any government. So it is safe from political influence. (At least more than fiat anyway)
Also it is pseudonymous and transfers are far faster than traditional bank transfers. And the ledger is fully public, so even though users aren't identified anyone can still validate that every transaction is legitimate. So no need for a trusted intermediary. You can do everything yourself and don't need to trust anyone in the process. You don't even need to trust the person you are transacting with or even know who you are dealing with, and can still trust that the system will work fairly. 
So I think that is where its true value is. The rare thing is just an extra. 
Yes it is bits, but not in the cloud as that term is normally used ie not in datacenter servers. It is on individual desktops and specialized hardware owned by anyone who wants to run it. 
Also even though it is bits doesn't mean it can be copied infinitely to make more. The rules of the ledger still apply, and all network participants have to agree to accept any changes. So one can't just invent  infinite money out of thin air with it. Which is another value -- satoshi made a system that takes advantage of all the benefits of being digital without sacrificing the integrity required in a currency system. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:18:39
You guys are erecting Trump-wall-sized strawmen here. 
One side is saying "hey some things do work better when managed as a single program but not everything, and sometimes politicians are dicks who divert money and that should be stopped."
You guys' responses are "hurr durr look at the pinko communist who wants everyone to die."
@_date: 2017-09-02 17:35:24


His actual comments in this post:
["Its an immortal god-currency that destroy every other currency in existence as well as every government whose existence depends on said underlying currencies."](
["Hopefully when Bitcoin brings an end to the nation-state there will be all sorts of benefits as people will have much more economic freedom---freedom that can't be taken away by the state no matter how many guns it has."](
He is an *extreme* maximalist.
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:33:39
If you lose your keychain you can call a locksmith.
Analogies break down. Relying on them can be dangerous.
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:16:33
You and should do some more research into Bitcoin and blockchain to better understand it.
No, all coins do not exist. Most coins do. New coins are mined at a rate of 12.5 coins per block currently. Blocks are mined on average every 10 minutes. The block reward halves every four years. The hard cap is 21 million bitcoins so the block reward will stop granting coins to miners around 2140.
How does blockchain play into it? Bitcoin invented the blockchain. (Well, Satoshi did, but he invented it to support Bitcoin)
Also China is apparently preparing to shut down all crypto exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:17:32
That's easily accounted for by saying he used last name/first name order for things. Very common actually.
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:58:56
Why 0.1?
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:30:34
This sub whiplashes between celebrating the fact that bitcoin is unregulated so they can profit and demanding bankers and whales and China be arrested for their actions in the same unregulated market. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:15:33
Actually it references the pricing of any and all assets on all blockchains: "Bitcoin and digital currencies...."
The point is that it is possible to assign a value to the technology. A value has already been assigned, by vote of 58% of the industry experts the WEF reached out to for that study. And it specifically mentions smart contracts, which Bitcoin doesn't have, as a driver of that value.
Since bitcoin is on a blockchain, and that is a valuation of all assets on all blockchains, the value of bitcoin by necessity must be less than the value of blockchain tech as given by WEF.
Hence "the technology is worth more than bitcoin will ever be" is a correct statement.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:59:01
Ha. You laugh but I just did a shitload of research on exactly that topic and holy shit the idea of software facilitating transitive trust is going to be massive. Social scientists are still debating how trust propagates in a social network and as far as I can tell haven't even considered the implications of software as the mediation method for a trust layer.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:07:26


mentioned third party control in Bitcoin as opposed to cash which has none. You are arguing Bitcoin vs banks in your response, not Bitcoin vs cash.
An argument can be made that there is a third party in relation to cash transfers, in the sense of inflationary pressure on the value imposed by the government, but there is no direct third-party intermediary in a cash transfer.
An argument can also be made about bank freezes on accounts which can dry up your cash flow, but if we are going to hypothesize scenarios then one can often find alternate methods of cash flow. People do it all the time with under the table jobs.
So in that sense cash is also:
* trustless, because you don't need to know who you are dealing with
* stateless, because it can be and is frequently used internationally (USD)
* routes around blockages like frozen accounts
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:05:40
I agree, it would be good to see a solution to this. But the fact that there isn't one offered yet and the only response is threats of legal action does not instill confidence in the existence of a solution.
Who knew the best way to kill Bitcoin was simply to fork it and start flooding the network with bogus legit transactions?
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:39:30
Yeah there's probably a lot of rapid dropoff when people see it trading sideways and not tripling in value every day like they were promised.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:04:39


If I'm not mistaken there is a shitload of hype for Lightning providing exactly this type of functionality, right?
Assuming that is the case, then you are saying it is possible that the same technology that will drive Bitcoin to the moon may open the door to a massive risk that can destroy Bitcoin. Do I understand that correctly?
Also, you are happy that Segwit activated, so presumably you are happy with the direction provided so far by Blockstream?
How do you address [Falkvinge's concerns about the appearance of hidden intellectual property encumbrances in Segwit and Lightning](
Don't you think IP drama will cause a shift in perception of Bitcoin as a "safe" store of value? Especially since much of its value is derived from it being a neutral system beholden to no one.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:11:27


Steve Ballmer wasn't hired off the street. 
He started at Microsoft in 1980 and is one of Bill Gates' closest friends. He led the team that built .NET.
But that doesn't detract from the statement. It can in fact show that even the experts get things wrong. 
That doesn't prove they are wrong about Bitcoin though, so just keep that in mind. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:17:39
It may well be extendable like that, I'm not a lawyer though. But I agree with the idea. :)
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:20:30
So in nature apex predators are dominant because of a conspiracy, not because they are the fittest?
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:33:17


This is something the G20 and similar organizations are often quite good at doing.


Like the kind of coordination that happened to recover from the 2008 collapse.
If the global fiat regime is threatened nations will rally to support it.
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:47:34
Not sure you can waive away fiduciary responsibility.
@_date: 2017-09-24 17:57:49


@_date: 2017-09-27 02:44:11


True. Now apply that to Bitcoin in the far future. There is a time when there is no inflation, and sudden fluctuations in Bitcoin value wreak havoc with economies. So a decision is made on a UASF that will introduce a small controlled expansion to the supply. But the rate of expansion may need to adjust even down to zero to accommodate sudden fluctuations in the economy, and such a decision shouldn't be left in the hands of a few devs, it should be made by a group of experts. Perhaps it would be called the Bitcoin Open Market Committee.........
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:00:44


Many here dispute this. The alternate view is that miners simply chase profits, so the *real* voters are the people who run full nodes. If enough people run full nodes the network will be large enough to attract the miners.
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:47:38
Tonight is the 2020 CNN Presidential Debate, in which no presidential candidate is allowed to participate because they are too biased. Our panel of unbiased CNN analysts will tell you which candidate is best for you.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:56:01
That's what makes me wonder if it is in for a long slow slide down after the S2X drama is over, like the last bubble slid down.
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:29:20
Those terms would have to be defined differently then. "Market cap" has a specific meaning and has come to be used in crypto even though it doesn't apply to currency trading in general.
What alternatives would you define?
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:50:50
US banks and Western central banks are working on their own crypto already. Utility Settlement Coin. It just doesn't make the same news.
 BRICS threatening to undermine the dollar steals the thunder from Bitcoin: "HEY, THAT'S OUR JOB!"
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:51:26
but muh lightning 
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:00:48
Get out of here with your threats of violence in the guise of "regulation", this is crypto-libertarian utopia. /s
@_date: 2017-09-28 01:43:03
Yeah that's a good point. This seems to be one attack I don't know how they would stop, other than an emergency POW change.
But that begs the question, what is to stop a government from just forking the code and broadcasting on the same net each time the POW changes? Constant attack.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:48:36
Ok good, that works around the technical limitation. But it also raises the technical barrier to participation as well, right? That will lower adoption. I see arguments that Bitcoin gets its value from hodlers and that it gets its usage from liquidity, but it can't both be true. If the barrier to buy and sell is higher then liquidity goes down.
So is Bitcoin valued because it is rare, or because it is easy to use? Because in the proposed scenario easy to use is no longer really a property it can be said to possess.
But if Bitcoin gets its value from hodlers because it is a rare store of value and not from ease of use, then why will Lightning increase value?
I'm actually really curious about the two views here. I can accept that it can possess some measure of both properties, but Bitcoin maximalists here seem to push *both* to the extreme, when it can't maximize both properties simultaneously. That means at least some maximalist predictions are doomed to never come true.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:59:59
He mentions block size / segwit / etc as references to the need to trust one set of developers over another.
The advocates of "trustless" Bitcoin here say we need to "trust" the Bitcoin Core devs, while advocates of "trustless" Bitcoin Cash say we need to "trust" their devs.
Crypto trust and social trust are often conflated in these arguments, and the distinction should be clarified in discussions to avoid confusion.
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:39:58
Signups != active users though. Just ask Pied Piper.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:39:27
That's pretty sweet. I've heard of Factom but not spent any time looking into it yet.
So do I understand correctly (in the slide where he discussed transmitting mortgages from one bank to another) that the Factom layer basically operates similar to a directory on a disk or a slotted directory on a db page file, i.e. it contains pointers to the underlying data in the "real" blockchain underneath it?
But later he says they only store hashes in the underlying blockchain, not the actual data. Which makes sense both from a legal compliance standpoint and a data storage limitation standpoint. But then how is the Factom Directory just a collection of pointers?
Also, how does all this relate to Factom the coin? Is there any reason to own the Factom coin as a unit of value? i.e. Why would it gain in value, since from the video here there seems to be no use case for the token at all.
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:38:02
It was the only truly engineered version after all.
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:08:20
My point is that there are underlying systemic issues that can be addressed in both that can help mitigate the damage. Acknowledge climate change as a fact, which leads to policies to help reduce emissions and also to building up defenses against such threats.
Same as acknowledging banks were largely responsible for the financial crisis, which then leads to policies to curtail their ability to gamble with our economic destiny in the future.
The problem is an entire segment of the US population believes both of those are lies foisted on them in a conspiracy to "destroy the country" and systematically vote for politicians who vow to not only ignore climate change but actively expel *more* carbon into the air and refuse to build up infrastructure as a defense (which would amount to an implied admission that the threat is real) and promote big bank interests at the expense of Average Joe and the overall US economy.
The same underlying human factors (greed, shortsightedness, pettiness, anti-intellectualism) drive both decisions.
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:08:58


Well that's credible.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:18:34
That's actually what I was thinking as well. But wasn't sure if it was incorrect.
@_date: 2017-09-02 03:55:06
The problem isn't as simple as "bitcoin will win or collapse."
Any of these are possible:
* Bitcoin bifurcates again and again, and one or more alts take its place
* Dollar/etc never collapse, Keynesians were right all along, no need for Bitcoin
* Keynesians were wrong, Dollar tanks, but drastic steps are taken and it is saved, no need for Bitcoin
* Feds find ways to regulate use and possession of Bitcoin, bitcoins live alongside dollar as secondary currency but never replace it
* Feds find ways to make use and possession illegal, with drug decriminalization there's now a lot of prison space available and a lot of corporate prisons looking for new profits
* Some nations experience financial instability, move to Bitcoin as reserve currency
* All nations move to Bitcoin as reserve currency
* All currencies collapse, only Bitcoin is left
* All currencies collapse, Bitcoin still caught up in bullshit and patent drama, bypassed by Litecoin/Monero/Dogecoin WOW 3.0.
And my favorite:
* A particular security enhancement is later revealed by a whistleblower to be precisely designed to have a backdoor by the NSA, just like they did with RSA encryption. Turns out they can track bitcoin owners after all, causing a major crisis in confidence and a panic selloff, since the  feature giving Bitcoin its value is now compromised.
So sure your proposed future is possible, but it requires *everything to work out perfectly and there are no failures of any kind.* That's still a *lot of risk* to assume when predicting the future. There are a *lot* of possible outcomes, only *one* of which results in your outcome.
@_date: 2017-09-03 02:28:19
Ah ok that makes a bit more sense then. 
Speaking of bots, I wonder how difficult it would really be to develop a bot to trade like that. I think the exchanges have APIs that can be plugged in to, so how hard would it be to have a bot buy or sell when certain criteria are met, taking into account exchange fees?
The trick of course would be in what criteria, probably based on tech analysis. Trades that only make a buck or two would be pointless for us to watch the charts constantly, but letting a bot run 24/7 doing it with a small slush fund in the exchange would be interesting. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:29:59
Yes I was around. :)


I think that's a bit of a stretch. My wife is responsible for supporting tens of thousands of people aged 60+ in our state (in a support program, not tech support) and the overwhelming majority of them have no idea how to use a computer. I'm not exaggerating. She is bombarded with calls from people who have never used a computer, or are afraid to, but are in a crisis (family member just died, etc) and all the information they need is now on one of dozens of agency websites and she has to determine what process they need to follow and who to call in each step to make it happen. She sees the "digital divide" every day.
Also, leaving aside those who worked in engineering/tech previously (like the WW2 vet I knew who designed the PAL compiler) for those who *can* figure it out most of that is due to the overwhelming infrastructure that is currently available. That took hundreds of billions of dollars of investment and it was done because millions of people demanded it and there was such a wide-open field of opportunity for disruption. I don't expect hundreds of billions of dollars of investment in Bitcoin infrastructure.
I agree that this is the nascent period for Bitcoin, and it has potential for the future. I remember Justin Hall and Dave Winer and the other first bloggers. I participated in open standards discussions for RSS in Rael Dornfest's group. I was heavily into the ideology and discussions during the birth of the Web, and clearly recall discussions about *saving the soul of free information*.
I've known about Bitcoin since 2010/2011 but didn't dive into really understanding it until recently. And I found that this is the first time since the mid/late 90s that I've seen the same kinds of discussion. Here we have people grappling for *the soul of finance* so to speak and it is frankly exhilarating to be able to take part in such a movement once again. I love it.
But I also look at it through the eyes of someone who is investing in it, and I see a lot of potential issues and risk. Moreso than "the Internet" in the late 90s. The Web/Internet was a *large collection of interoperable tech* while Bitcoin is *one component*. It was hard to kill "the Internet" precisely because it was so large and amorphous, so it was almost destined to always be able to route around obstructions and come out ahead. There was no *one weakness* for the whole Internet. (first DDoS was a wake up call though) Bitcoin is *just one thing* and therefore it can potentially have one weakness, or even a small set of weaknesses. Point is that there is an upper bound on the number of weaknesses that need to be found in Bitcoin to disrupt it, while on the Internet/Web as a whole there really was no upper bound because there were so many competing protocols and tech platforms coming out simultaneously.
I think it is fair to compare *cryptocurrency in general* to the birth of the Internet and Web, but not Bitcoin specifically. 
Bitcoin could follow the trajectory of Google, or Netscape. Or something in between. But Bitcoin maximalists put on blinders and only see one outcome and downplay all possible risks, which is irrational.


Sure and it sounds like great tech. My question is, when is it coming? If you say it was just waiting on segwit and now that segwit is here Lightning is imminent, you should watch this minute or so of interviews: 
Engineers don't want to oversell and underdeliver, so I take the more cautious estimate as more realistic, and that is assuming no schedule slips to the right. The fact that the dev team can't agree on a reasonable timetable is telling. But that is not something maximalists want to discuss because it interferes with *m00n* dreams.
Bitcoin has a ridiculous amount of potential. But to downplay the very serious risks that are out there (including bifurcation into two camps, necessitating trusting one or the other dev team both of which have evidence of compromised interests) seems to me to be foolhardy. Better to seriously analyze the risks so as not to be surprised. I'd rather go slowly and find where the mines are than run through the minefield blindfolded on faith.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:55:59
Bitcoin will "succeed" when it has widespread adoption.
That seems to be the consensus opinion I've read.
But now convince the world "you can trust it because it is trustless" and they will think you are nuts.
People voted for Trump because he sold them a bill of goods. Same with Clinton and every other politician. They aren't capable of understanding that trustless is better. They don't even know the difference between Facebook and Internet.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:02:01


1 year ago ETH was $6 and LTC was $3, so that's some definition of a depression.....
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:11:07
Ah oh yeah I misread, oops. :)
BCH = $550 while LTC = $73, how is BCH cheaper?
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:34:40
Some HODLers want to have their cake and eat it too. :)
How is their attitude any different from Dimon's? He wants to have full free reign to do whatever he wants while also having the backup of the state to bail him out.
And hey that describes every politician and plutocrat that Bitcoin idealists claim to want to fight against.
How many of the idealists would behave the same way in the same situation?
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:12:22
There is zero reason for any government to "adopt crypto" unless it and it alone can adjust the inflation rate at will. Without that it is ceding power. Anyone who thought they would embrace it is out of their mind.
(by "adopt" I mean legitimize as a partner with or replacement of their own currency, not legalize like Japan, or Russia seeing a useful tool for breaking sanctions)
@_date: 2017-09-23 02:38:05
Completely agree.
You might like to read this then: 
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:39:45
I don't recall any organization resigning from the W3C in protest. Certainly not of this caliber.
This will send shockwaves through the web intelligentsia.
But probably have no effect on browser makers.
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:03:52
So again it is a global conspiracy spanning at least a century, and only certain people are enlightened enough to see the truth and they are now the heroes struggling to set everyone else free. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:28:42
I was off by a factor of 10, it was late and I was tired. Real number would be $21 Trillion, not 210. Extreme upper bound would be about $200k.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:30:03
So what you're saying is that the more people spend btc the better the btc economy is? That implies holding it harms the btc economy. 
That's an argument I've seen repeated several times around here actually. 
But just replace btc with dollar and now you sound like Ben Bernanke....
@_date: 2017-09-30 00:01:02


@_date: 2017-09-20 20:55:38
The point isn't that "some aspects of life may be more difficult" but that depressions that affect *everyone* will be more severe and last longer.
@_date: 2017-09-01 01:26:38
I've been doing a lot of reading about the "war" between BTC and BCH, and when you separate out the potential conflicts of interest between Blockstream and Jihan (both being private companies attempting to exert control over Bitcoin) the two *philosophies* themselves come down to *exactly* what you said.
Bitcoin Core believes Bitcoin can't really scale up to every day use now and so it needs to expand to layer 2 and higher.
Bitcoin Cash says bullshit, "it says 'cash' in the whitepaper title" as I was reminded by someone a day or two ago. (But they also haven't answered my questions about big blocks resulting in centralization, either)
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:02:03
Thanks. The funny thing is I'm not a pure Bitcoin maximalist like some. I don't think Bitcoin is going to demolish fiat and destroy nation-states and bring about utopia with rivers of chocolate and rainbow unicorns.
But I do see an extremely promising technology (crypto in general) that can potentially bring about major changes in society, operating alongside existing economic frameworks, under serious threat from market actors who seek to smother it in the cradle. And that is bad.
Bitcoin will replace fiat the same way e-mail replaced the Post Office and FedEx. But thank god we have both options, not just the legacy ones. I want the same future for crypto.
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:59:01
Well this didn't age well at all. :)
It did bounce back up a notch from $3200 earlier though.
@_date: 2017-09-02 02:06:38
I thought this sub was all about the "store of wealth" philosophy not the "replacement for cash" philosophy. (Which is that other sub)
World Economic Forum predicts $10 Trillion market cap for crypto and blockchain tech combined in ten years. 
If that is believable then the question becomes what percentage of that is bitcoin. If we say 10% that's 10x growth over current levels. 
So ten years not two, by that model, but that's still insane growth. 
Assuming bitcoin survives of course. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:32:28
This should be its own post.
Best part so far is his description of how rock changed over 20 years from rebellion into a means of creating social groups:


In the context of the Internet he just described social media, memes, etc. Social media started out as dialup bulletin boards and IRC, then newsgroups, then forums, then blogs, then Myspace/Facebook/etc. They were first used by those who saw potential in the tech and wanted to buck the status quo and shake things up. Today they are used by everyone for every conceivable purpose.
I wonder if there is a way to "include the audience" in Bitcoin. Beyond the obvious buying and selling Bitcoin. Some way to promote usage of Bitcoin as a social phenomenon instead of a purely economic incentive. To brand it as a means of group cohesion.
It seems the explosion of cryptocurrencies in general may be facilitating that exact possible future, where some groups form around Bitcoin, some around Litecoin, some around Dogecoin, etc. Each with their own group personality.
Crypto fans are in that sense just like pop music fans. Some do it for the rebellion, but most will eventually do it for the social benefits.
*Edit* Nope there's an even better part:




He got it. The interviewer is arguing about the Internet as a technical delivery system, Bowie is arguing about it as a tool for social transformation.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:05:01
Ah ouch I didn't even think of that and it hit me as soon as I hit 2016 blocks in your second sentence. Shit. Agreed it would likely hardfork.
That raises the question of what happens if the miners shit their pants and dump with the China shutdown.
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:01:51
Latter scenario is far more probable. It is a new asset class, it will grow alongside existing assets, and overall wealth will increase across the entire economy as the value of crypto grows.
@_date: 2017-09-02 02:11:59
Interesting. I'm still trying to understand how you would compare the charts though. Are you saying if dogecoin exhibits bubble characteristics and pops that is an indicator of a coming pop in bitcoin?
Im waiting for the SEC and FBI on TV frog marching several ICO execs to pop the alt bubble and push things over the edge of a cliff. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:16:53
Well then I wouldn't classify you as "maximalist" then.
One frequent poster here is extremely proud of offering advice to max out credit cards for bitcoin. Several others agree routinely.
Your arguments are much more reasonable and defensible, and actually offer room for debate. Many others are simply "moneybadger can't be stopped" etc.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:52:34
My exchange not only had 2FA configured, but it prompted me to switch to an even stronger 2FA system it had set up after I made a purchase.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:58:37
I am not a hardcore bitcoin zealot, but *this* statement


**cannot be overstressed.**
Bitcoin proved that digital assets can have artificial scarcity applied. This brings market economics into the Internet era as a purely-digital affair.
Previously assets had to exist somehow. They could have digital representations (electronic receipts, ledger balances, etc), but since those representations could be copied the representations *themselves* could not be assets.
Now digital assets can be assets *on their own*.
That is HUGE.
This is bits-vs-atoms at the scale of Goldman Sachs.
This doesn't mean Bitcoin specifically will win, just that crypto/blockchain in general is going to be huge, but it has first mover advantage, is the most robust and proven over many attacks, so it probably will stick around.
@_date: 2017-09-02 03:57:06
Exactly. It's easy to rewind and fork the chain when its a few people playing around with it and no real value is lost. It's completely different when there are a few *million* people storing and transferring *real wealth* on it.
Bitcoin's *primary selling point* is that it is a *stable store of value*. If you fuck with that you are fucking with *people's financial lives* and that will *not* end well. Trust could evaporate literally overnight.
@_date: 2017-09-25 02:55:04
This is exactly what I came here to say. TBL also created HTTP.
TBL:Satoshi is a perfect comparison. Both created a revolutionary set of technology that solved several longstanding problems. TBL was the first truly scalable, simple, open, extensible marriage of hypertext and markup. He based HTML on SGML and added links. It seems simple in hindsight, almost obvious, just like Satoshi's work. It was brilliant, way ahead of its time, and a lot of people didn't get it, again just like Satoshi. They both gifted their creation to the world.
But to say TBL made it user friendly is way out of bounds. He was an engineer and a hacker (in the true sense) but not a marketer or UI person. I used his first text-based browser, it was a usable proof of concept for engineers but ridiculous to expect it to be useful for everyday users.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:37:09
I'll be honest and say I'm a bit surprised it bounced back up so quickly. Goes to show people were looking for deals last night.
If someone had the resources there was some killing to be made late last night with arbitrage between bitfinex and coinbase/gdax. About 8% over BTC, ETH, and LTC, take your pick. Buy at bitfinex then transfer and sell at coinbase. If coinbase's ETH or LTC had been at parity with bitfinex's price it would have been possible to cycle BTC at bitfinex to coinbase, sell it to fiat, buy LTC, send back to bitfinex, buy more BTC and repeat. $5k could have made about $350 per hour or so. Unfortunately all coinbase's values were much higher so it would be a one-time deal.
@_date: 2017-09-02 19:04:40
Hey I was literally just thinking the past couple days about building something like this. Good job!
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:23:43
Read this. It answers a lot of your questions.
TLDR: set up account with CoinBase (or other exchange of choice), buy BTC with credit card immediately ($200/week limit) or via bank transfer (wire or ACH debit). Coins are then held in your CoinBase account. You can transfer them to a local wallet for more security but CoinBase's security is reportedly rock solid and they have something like thousands of bitcoins in cold storage so they shouldn't go belly up. If you are in it for the long term though you should research local wallets, since bitcoins in your CoinBase account really belong to CoinBase and you just have an IOU from them.
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:21:23
Fuck YOU. I heard about it on reddit when it blew up from 3 cents to 30 cents. 
What the FFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:27:21
You have enough money to essentially live the rest of your life on about a $50-60k/year income with no work required. Give or take, that's a WAG but its probably in the ballpark.
My  recommendation: Find the best wealth manager you can afford, vet him/her extensively, trust your gut when interacting with them (i.e. if the hair on your neck stands up or your stomach gets queasy at their suggestions, consider it a warning to switch advisors) and work together on a serious plan for you and your family's future.
I would not tell children yet. You don't want any unnecessary drama. People get *weird* about money. Don't need them involving kids in the mix. Plus kids tend to talk without filters, so you also don't want the kids to become a "leak" of your info. Protect your family first.
Also check out for advice.
Congrats! I wish I had listened to the bug in my ear to invest back then -- we are a similar age and it would be nice! Way to go! :)
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:00:20
I'm not referring to the cause of 2008, I'm referring to the effect of hoarding cash. Your point was that there was no reason for banks not to lend. Yet Bitcoin maximalists predict that Bitcoin will cause massive disruption and upheaval in the market and cause many banks to fail. Well ok then, we had that scenario, and banks *hoarded every penny*. 
Imagine how long it would be before they started lending again if they used a currency that *gained value by holding it*.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:58:11
Microsoft is a publicly traded company. If Ballmer was really Bighead shareholders would have revolted.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:08:40
This unfortunately is true, and probably necessary as a bootstrap. Just like much of the modern ecommerce paradigm was innovated from scratch by the porn industry in the 90s. (and VHS in the 80s)
@_date: 2017-09-17 01:59:00
So again we have:
* A global conspiracy involving hundreds of thousands or millions of people for about a century (Keynes &amp; Fed)
* But its perpetrated by a bunch of morons who don't understand how money and math really work
Did I get that right?
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:49:50
He was attacking Bitcoin, but there is a Bitcoin index fund on NYSE. After declaring Bitcoin to be a fraud, his company then bought up tons of the index fund shares on NYSE. This wasn't action in an unregulated crypto exchange, it was action by a regulated person running a regulated company engaging in regulated trading of a regulated security on a regulated exchange.
If he said gold is a fraud, then bought up millions of dollars worth of gold-backed securities on a regulated exchange after tanking the price, then yes he should be scrutinized because either he intentionally lied to manipulate the market for profit, or he is incompetent and doesn't understand the market, or he is not in control of his own company. None of those are good.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:43:05
mentioned Factom, and you should also look at Ripple and IOTA.
Ripple is specifically targeted at eliminating the need for nostro accounts in international bank remittances. The Ripplenet project was around since 2006 well before blockchains existed, so the blockchain is just an extra component that saves even more money.
IOTA is specifically targeted at internet of things automated value transfer, and has partnerships with Volkswagen and Innogy as well as several other companies, likely including Bosch.
Also World Economic Forum polled industry experts 2 years ago and the consensus opinion is that 10% of global GDP will be stored on a blockchain ten years from now. That's $10 Trillion of value stored on blockchains in a decade.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:52:26
Lots of people have mental issues and disabilities. Requiring them to use such a system with mental and technical hurdles disenfranchises them, the opposite of the Bitcoin philosophy. It needs to be easier to use.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:02:47


... complained every voter. Ever.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:35:11
Why can't decentralized exchanges be protocol-blocked?
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:38:14


Adjusted because of loss of hashpower from closing miners?
Has it been confirmed they are shutting down miners?
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:28:11
Yeah I wrote a bot to fiddle with the API and it can suck down comments almost as fast as they are created. As long as you have enough processes running for a large sub you can catch most things pretty quickly. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:23:07
Infinite growth isn't possible. There will come a point where Bitcoin reaches a high then pulls back and never reaches it again. It's only a question of when that time will come. I doubt it is now, but it is still a gamble.
@_date: 2017-09-04 15:19:37
Doesn't imply age though. I read an interview with one of the leading crypto researchers (can't recall his name) and he said there were maybe two people in the world with the right combination of knowledge and skills to make Bitcoin, and they both denied being Satoshi. According to him that meant there must be a third, likely someone young with passion and time to devote.
Look at Vitalik. Very young but according to him he spent his teen years geeking out on crypto economics so he likely has lots of that knowledge too.
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:56:27
Interestingly, BCNext is Come_From_Beyond, the lead developer of IOTA.
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:18:01
You should write some posts about your experiences. We need more serious guidance and wisdom here.
Realistically though you got lucky, right? I mean you did a lot of serious research (I'm doing similar w/ IOTA actually) but you also happen to have invested a chunk at exactly the right time to catch the surge. Did you have any idea the surge was coming? I'm really curious if it was a coincidence or if you had some insight into it. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-09-29 01:33:42
I agree with you but I don't see how your point was related to my comment.
I made a similar comment the other day regarding the possibility of cryptocurrencies becoming a way for permanent underclasses to rally together to resist the system that fails them. I was told to take my "postmodern bullshit theories" elsewhere. Oh well.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:39:20
It's a saying that the economy is so vastly complex that only a few people can be considered true experts on it, because they have devoted their entire lives to studying it to the exclusion of most everything else. Thus they are also the most boring people in the world, which is why nobody has ever heard of them. (other than Bernanke/Yellen/next Fed chair)
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:59:25
Take a look at the other comment I just linked to in my edit. It literally proves the point.
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:41:50


Look at page 24.
Then look up WEF predictions of global GDP that same year.
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:11:47
Bbbbut I thought we were all rational actors in a free market???
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:48:34
Sounds like pure R&amp;D not scaleup.
@_date: 2017-09-28 04:05:20
1 dollar is divided into 100 pennies.
Bitcoin is the same, but 1 bitcoin is divided into 100 *million* "pennies" called *satoshis*.
Buy all you want, you can buy tons of them for $1. Each one is currently valued at $0.0000419890. :)
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:41:13
Ha. This is ironic. I was literally just making a point that many who push Bitcoin simultaneously (a) claim it will reduce wealth inequality and (b) look forward to shitlording power over everyone else.
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:14:14
Do you know what ["quants"]( are?
Paywall: [WSJ: The Quants Run Wall Street Now](
They are highly-trained computer scientists and mathematicians who focus on fintech. Fictional example is the movie *Margin Call* about the 2008 crisis. Zachary Quinto plays a literal rocket scientist who went to Wall Street for the payoff.
Bitcoin and cryptos are *exactly* what they trained for. And in many ways they are moving *rapidly* with some crypto tech. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:50:59
How will Bitcoin adapt? By developing around it?
Ok. It is now illegal to *develop* cryptocurrencies. Imprison or kill the developers. Track them down.
Or infiltrate them and inject backdoors. Like I said its been done before and will be done again.
There are a *lot* of ways to attack Bitcoin. I get the crypto-geek fascination with it, I really do. But the idea that governments are *completely incapable* of dealing with a threat like this is rather naive.
BTW a lot of crypto-geeks are hardcore libertarians and many I've encountered spout some pretty wild borderline-Alex Jones theories. Yet somehow "Bitcoin will erase borders" is a good thing and totally not a "tool of the (((globalists))) who want to erase borders and take us to one world currency."
The amount of paranoia we could whip up through FUD is unbelievable. Just look at all the bullshit people voted for in the last election.
Economics is great but it is still a set of math models. In the end people are never rational actors, so markets are never truly rational, so the models are by necessity always flawed. Just like your previous response that if people jump from crypto  to  they should immediately sell because they might be replaced by  -- no, that is how equations work in models, it isn't how real people function in a market, as we've seen time and time again.
Models are useful, but always wrong to some extent. The trick is knowing their limits.
@_date: 2017-10-07 18:13:36
The bcash difficulty being lowered is simply part of their difficulty adjustment algorithm, just like Bitcoin except theirs can adjust much faster. So in that case it is no different from Bitcoin adjusting to a loss of hashpower, other than the speed of the adjustment. Right? So it seems that is more a testament to the survivability of the bitcoin system in the face of loss of miner votes than a refutation of the concept of miner votes entirely. (this of course ignores the bitcoin/bcash divergence and the potentially bad decision to adjust the difficulty so quickly)
Agree that asic mining is a threat because it reinforces centralization. But in that case the network needs to consider a PoW change to eliminate the threat entirely. Other cryptos use different algos that don't benefit from asics so they are in some sense less centralized than bitcoin currently is.
One key thing that I see about bitcoin's slow difficulty adjustment period is that bitcoin isn't optimized for efficiency it's optimized for survivability. It wasn't designed to be a store of value it was designed to be a cash system. So if the value tanked due to loss of hashpower it would slowly adjust over time and the economy should have the opportunity to adjust with it. It would be like a recession or depression. But it would recover.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:11:16
Excellent thanks.
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:38:42
If the Austrians had the better theories then why haven't they become mainstream? 
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:49:51
[Former chief of staff of the Army agrees](
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:03:55
According to the WSJ article posted today that is probably what they are going to do. Build a Great Firewall for the "internet of money."
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:27:07
Even more, by encouraging more and more people to behave that way the market likely becomes less and less stable.
@_date: 2017-09-17 20:29:55
Ok explain then.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:42:39
This is a reasonable view. So many Bitcoin maximalists take the view that Bitcoin is a "money-badger" that will topple nations, but that is too simplistic.
I can however support the concept that a digital economy *in general* will greatly disrupt the legacy economy. This is just an extension of the bits-vs-atoms argument from the 90s and I think it still holds true. Not enough to "topple nations" but probably enough to significantly disrupt how they function economically.
I was going to comment that the IMF has already developed a neutral international standard settlement currency, it's been around for about 50 years waiting to replace the dollar. The idea being that it would be a more natural fit for the economic system. But then I realized that ignores the tech advances of blockchain/etc with immediate settlement. And that is where the real disruption is at.
So in a way the IMF has *sanctioned* the basic idea of Bitcoin/cryptocurrencies in that it was decades ahead in its planning for a future with a neutral non-local currency, but the legacy IMF approach would not be viable short of worldwide agreement (unlikely) -- instead it may happen bottom-up through disruption.
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:32:46
I think its the fact that they were buying up that bitcoin index fund on NYSE that would do it. If it was just buys on crypto exchanges then those are unregulated so that is the "free market" everyone demanded in action. Oh well them's the breaks.
But the fact that he is a regulated entity in a regulated industry, and his company bought regulated securities on a regulated exchange after he publicly said it was a fraud..... 
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:56:32
I'm guessing it looks like this?
If so it says AOCS not ADDS.
I'm no expert and don't know what you are holding but the ones in that picture seem to be for entertainment. **Do not trust me, verify for yourself.**
One idea: if that picture matches yours, now you can use that picture to show people what it is and get more detailed info. Hope that helps.
@_date: 2017-09-21 19:32:42
Good point.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:25:04
Please explain how the free market will incentivize individual companies to stop polluting the shared atmosphere when they don't even have to factor in the cost of the externalities they impose on the private companies and citizens around them. Nobody owns the sky.
PS I'm not that flexible, try again.
@_date: 2017-09-29 01:36:44
Lots of things are crimes that technically hurt no one. Theft, vandalism, arson, destruction of property, etc.
Under your distinction those should not be punished as crimes?
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:42:17
No obviously not, what the hell. Either its his company buying a known fraudulent security for clients, or his company is enabling his clients to buy a known fraudulent security instead of protecting them from fraud as it is obligated to do.
If Bitcoin is a fraud then the security is a fraud, and his company has a fiduciary duty to protect its clients. Can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:57:00
Bitcoin wasn't even released until 2009 and for quite a while after that the only wallet was the original Bitcoin node software I believe.
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:11:52
So what is the recent drama this week with coinbase that was mentioned? 
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:18:33
I started to respond that to be illegal it must occur in a regulated market.
But then I remembered JP Morgan bought from that Bitcoin index (NYXBT?) not Bitcoin itself, and its traded on the NYSE.
And oh yeah that is definitely a regulated market.
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:00:26
Thanks for posting. This guy is brilliant.
The point that a blockchain allows artificial scarcity to be added to an inherently copyable digital asset is a subtle point that I had lost sight of. That is extremely powerful, but also conflicts with the bits-vs-atoms debate. The Internet shows that bits are not constrained by the scarcity of atoms, yet blockchains will potentially allow corporations to impose artificial scarcity onto bits to create atoms-in-bits.
Something we all need to remain cognizant of when we tout the benefits. If industry could have used blockchain tech to facilitate DRM somehow we may never have seen the transformation of the music industry.
@_date: 2017-09-01 01:22:53
That's not the point. The point is the blast radius effect of an ICO implosion affecting crypto in general -- guilt by association. Those who are in for a quick buck will be scared off.
This interview with Austin Hill posted earlier nails the point IMO:
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:52:50
Agreed, in principle at least. If they are willing to lose money to tank Bitcoin to seize control through the fork though it might work out different.
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:08:11
Completely agree. Especially as we age. I suspect the overwhelming majority of those bragging about a brain wallet are young enough that they haven't yet reached the point where they realize their own inherent limitations.
I would rather realize my limitations and establish systems to work around them *before* forgetting my key words.
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:45:17
I agree with your basic premise but you are wrong about hoarding. Apple has $256 billion cash on hand right now. Last summer Microsoft had over $100 billion and Google had $75 billion. 
Also after 2008 bailouts the banks hoarded so much cash the public media and even white house were complaining about it. And there are indications of bank hoarding again. 
Something is broken in the economy. That doesn't however mean we need to throw out the entire economic model and start over like some want to. Basic regulation changes can go a long way but good luck getting that passed. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:00
HA! I know the feeling. :)
What do you mean "by using the hedge account" ? Haven't encountered that term before.
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:51:42


Where is this stated in the whitepaper? Satoshi specifically said the network will only function if everyone agrees that the longest chain is the correct chain, and chains are only built by miners via pow.
*Edit* I just read back through the whitepaper. Every single reference to a node is regarding mining, or non-mining read-only "validator" nodes that have no effect on the chain. There are also repeated references to CPU power being the voting mechanism -- since miners create the chain, and the longest chain is the consensus mechanism for the network, the miners have hashpower vote. By design, explicitly stated in the whitepaper as well as in follow-on e-mails directly from Satoshi. He explicitly states that the network must blindly accept the longest chain in order for the entire system to work. And the only "nodes" that have any effect on the chain are miners.
Jesus fuck people, this sub is supposed to be the sub with all the experts on Bitcoin. Why the fuck are so many people misunderstanding a whitepaper written in plain English that only requires basic knowledge of public key crypto?
And yes I'm pissed because I haven't read the whitepaper in depth in a few months, so now re-reading it all the yelling about "nodes are king" seems completely at odds with the way Bitcoin is designed. It's in black and white.
The motives of the S2X backers are certainly suspicious, but the fundamental argument that miners determine the network is explicit in the paper and the e-mails.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:14:17
Privatize the sky? Are you actually serious here?
@_date: 2017-09-23 17:47:33
Yeah. This reads like they are working to add blockchain tech as a platform available to developers to host in AWS. This seems to have nothing to do with "Amazon accepting bitcoins as payment."
Like Azure has already done with Ethereum -- you can already spin up a system in Azure that runs Ethereum and run smart contracts on it.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:19:57
So the intent then was for every non-mining node to be involved in transactions? That's what I assume and it makes sense conceptually.
If so, then why does this sub push for people to simply stand up a full node "to ensure the health of the network against S2X attacks" etc? That's where my gap is.
@_date: 2017-10-16 19:43:13


No. The other guy like two days ago when this conversation started called you that. That was my reference.


Wrong. You literally can't just start randomly committing to the baseline. Anyone can submit a pull request but the repository owners have to accept the request. They can refuse to accept all of your pull requests.


That's fine. Now you just need a protocol standard everyone agrees on. So that means you end up with a centralized standards committee. So you are just shifting the trust, not eliminating it.


I wasn't here when that was debated, but again the devs who run the repository are the ones given the trust by the community to build out the system. I'm assuming there is some system in place that led to them being in that position in the first place. If there wasn't then that is a failure of the Bitcoin community as a whole to fail to police itself. If there was a process in place then that process has worked. So I don't understand the problem there.


Dude that comment wasn't about you and me, it was about S2X vs Core.
@_date: 2017-10-01 03:03:01
They want a fractional reserve system.
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:29:33
Yes (1) is true but you're missing the point. People who talk about private blockchains in the context of a company often get it wrong because they aren't considering the correct use case.
(1) works as long as you trust the entity owning the database. Blockchains shine in boundary-spanning. Just like Bitcoin shines in transferring value across borders.
A private blockchain allows mutually-distrustful companies to engage in new business ventures. Validator nodes can be distributed across the two companies on say a 1:1 ratio where each company gets X validators on the network. Each company can verify the presence of 2X nodes on the network and each company knows they own X nodes so they know the other company is complying with the (real world) contract that established the network.
Companies can now transact with each other with full transparency of transactions within that space, no fraud, no abuse, and limiting the transparency to only those taking place on that one network.
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:59:01
Well this didn't age well at all. :)
It did bounce back up a notch from $3200 earlier though.
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:34:00
I've come to the conclusion that the blockchain will radically transform how we transmit trust in society. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:22:27
This is far from my first account. I've been on reddit since around 2010.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:54:48
There is no way it will reach $1m.
For that it would have a total currency value of **$210 Trillion**. Let that sink in.
By comparison, currently forex traders swap *$5 Trillion* in currency each day.
WEF estimates *total global GDP* in 2027 to be $100 Trillion, and for blockchain and cryptocurrencies *in general* to have a *total* value of $10 Trillion.
The idea of a $1m bitcoin is beyond absurd. Tens of thousands, sure I can accept that. Hundreds of thousands? ehhhhh...
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:56:47
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:33:02
Smart move. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:57:51
Ah ok I didn't have audio on at that time either so I just saw the full length, my bad.
In that segment he says Lightning is coming but doesn't want to commit to a date. Someone asks "one year?" and he finally says "ok six months." But the next guy says its more like 18 months. So it's all over the place in terms of timeline.
Am I misunderstanding that? I've seen a lot of proclamations here that Lightning was "just waiting for Segwit" implying its imminent yet here we have a 6-18 month timeline. Given what I know of tech projects and engineers not wanting to oversell and underdeliver I'm assuming the 18 is more realistic, and that is assuming no slips.
@_date: 2017-10-07 18:03:02
Yes I get that. What I don't get is how a full node has anything to do with consensus in the network. This sub keeps yelling that full nodes are king, but there is nothing inherent in the design of the network that gives any power to non-mining nodes.
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:28:34
And how exactly do you propose putting fiat on a blockchain?
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:30:23
I actually read the article and it looks like people are misunderstanding what she is saying. 
This is actually a **good sign**.
The IMF SDR is not a currency. It is a token representing the value of five specifically chosen currencies in specifically chosen ratios based on their economic power.
Basically SDR is the forex equivalent of the Consumer Price Index -- a single value based on the values of a "basket" of items.
So all she is saying is she can hypothetically see a point in the future where one or more cryptocurrencies are added to the basket used to calculate the value of one SDR. That's it.
And that would be a **Good Thing^(TM)** for Bitcoin! Because it would be a sign the IMF considers it **equivalent to national currencies**!
Also from Wiki: 


Top 3 wiki paragraphs:






@_date: 2017-09-14 04:17:31
It's either him or Nick Szabo. Or some unknown third party who never traveled in those very small circles before.
Satoshi stopped posting just before Finney died. OTOH Szabo and Satoshi make the same arguments. Maybe it was a collaboration.
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:17:18
Move your stuff to GDAX. It is owned by Coinbase and uses your Coinbase account. Transfers between the two are instant and free. Fees are *way* less on GDAX.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:55:25
How will Bitcoin ignore IP laws if the Core devs inject "features" that coincidentally they have patented? As soon as the network uses those features it falls under threat. Blockstream can sue manufacturers, make it so only they can provide mining hardware, clients, etc.
Also, the whole reason for level 2 tech is because level 1 is too slow for normal transactions. How can Bitcoin become the dominant currency displacing all others if it *can't* be used for buying coffee?


Completely disagree. Bitcoin can actually *gain* value from government endorsement. The 0.001% of crypto anarchists would scream but the tens of millions who would feel more comfortable adopting it would drive the price through the roof. Resisting government attacks is something that remains to be seen though.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:59:19
ACH takes 4-5 days.
Wire transfer is next day or even same day but costs about $10 on each end. 
I wired $2k into GDAX in one day for $20. Worth it.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:42:41
(i) I don't think I understand it better than the rest, just that some people make rather sweeping generalizations and seem to overhype Bitcoin because they believe in it, downplaying risk because it doesn't fit their belief system. Which I totally understand, BTW.
(ii) I don't think I'm caricaturing hodlers, unless you think the highly upvoted comments from many hodlers in this sub are also caricatures.
(1) True but they often cooperate on areas of mutual interest. If Bitcoin threatens *the USD* then of course others will pile on and support Bitcoin while others will rally to prop up USD. If Bitcoin threatens *fiat currency and the fate of the nation-state* then I expect nations would take a different view.
(2) Granted. This is a good point.
(3) Lobbyists don't always get their way, but this is a very good point actually.
(4) Why can't decentralized exchanges be blocked at the network level?
(5) I see your point, but then if it is more difficult to buy it is also more difficult to sell. I often read Bitcoin touted as the ultimate currency because of its liquidity and simultaneously see that it is the ultimate store of wealth because it will be so difficult to use. Huh?
(6) Sure they are and I see it all the time. But the ones that are most successful are so not because they are technically smart but because they know how to build smart teams and listen to them. Note that I'm talking about actual government bureaucrats and leaders here, not politicians who are often walking shitstains. 


Many people in the fed will have backgrounds in applied math. Here's two I found quickly who have backgrounds in operations research and are high enough to merit their own bio pages. Certainly they will have done PDEs.
And here's a 1997 paper I found in just a couple minutes from the fed published in an operations research journal. For the fed to have a paper published in such a journal requires that it have analysts who know about it and have the requisite background to qualify for publication, and that background includes the type of math you claim they don't have. 
You may say I am making assumptions that the leaders will listen to their analysts, and you are right, but you are also making assumptions that they won't.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:45:51
Conveniently they cleared the field.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:13:47
Ah I see. There was a misunderstanding then on my part originally. I read the first comment as "a goal" not "the goal."
It is **a** goal that is pushed by a rather extreme wing, but not **the** goal. There really isn't any one true goal.
Well, other than being a "peer to peer electronic cash system."
@_date: 2017-09-08 04:06:09
By my understanding the whole point of the POW is that it makes this attack essentially useless. A 51% attack requires someone to own 51% of the mining nodes, not one node that masquerades as 51%. The reason is because of the hash puzzle. The PoW difficulty is set so that on average a block is mined every ten minutes, but because the puzzle can only be solved by brute force the odds of any *particular* node mining a block is such that it is only expected to happen every year or two.
So even if you had that many proxies, if there was only one node behind them then that one node has to beat 51% of the other nodes on the network in the mining race. In other words, that one node must have more hashpower than 51% of the other nodes. That's not feasible. (cryptography deals in what is feasible, not what is provable)
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:47:21
Well HPV is contagious and causes cancer.
@_date: 2017-09-29 23:49:54
Because her boss founded the Congressional Blockchain Caucus and now runs the OMB.
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:11:05
What serious advice would you and pass on to newbies then? Seems like a good opportunity to share real wisdom. :)
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:45:19
Not childish at all. The *software* chooses the nonce by choosing the difficulty, defined (IIRC) as the number of leading zeroes the hash must have. The miner who brute force guesses the nonce "wins" and their block is accepted by the network as valid when they publish it. 
That block also contains the block reward, the system creates the 12.5BTC reward out of thin air and awards it to that miner for their effort. The first entry (again IIRC) is the block reward showing that the miner received those coins. That's how coins work in BTC, they are just a trail of digital signatures (ledger entries in blocks) showing changes in ownership (transactions) going back to the block reward that created them.
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:40:49
Please explain why nodes &gt; miners. I can't wrap my head around it. The whitepaper is talking about miners when it says nodes.
Nodes have no effect on the chain. They are read-only.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:27:27
VE MUST CRUSH IT.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:42:28
I like the MIT article but their fundamental misunderstandings of core parts of Bitcoin make me question what else they got wrong.
For example they say:
* prior blocks in the chain are "encrypted" (instead of hashing)
* "The new version of the ledger—called a block—includes the encrypted copy of the earlier ledger." (a block is a new version of the ledger?)
* "Anybody can use this encrypted data to generate a number that can be used to check the veracity of the block." (since the block is already hashed there is no need to generate it)
* "blocks are easy to check but extremely hard to copy"
I get that "encrypting" is easier for laymen to understand than hashing..... but this is MIT Technology Review here.
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:13:05
Tangle's whitepaper is pretty mind blowing. Written by the guy who invented Proof of Stake, and the lead developer was one of the earliest alt coin creators IIRC.
They are doing a TON of behind the scenes marketing with companies like Volkswagen.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:42:18


I'm pretty sure I have a pretty good idea. It is secure, pseudonymous, near-frictionless, fungible, and benefits from network effects.


Which thing specifically? NSA was caught redhanded backdooring with RSA. It only cost them $10 million.
BTW that list of scenarios I gave were not all negative for Bitcoin. My point is that there are any number of possibilities out there. While I agree with you that scenarios should be evaluated for risk, you seem dismissive of any scenarios that don't line up with your preconceived notion of Bitcoin-over-all and even cheer the crypto-anarchist ideal of smashing the state. That is *extremely* optimistic for even die-hard supporters.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:25:12
That guy took out a loan just before he died. He was terminal end-stage. The gamble seemed to be that if he took out the loan then the worst that would happen is the house is lost, the best is he leaves a much greater inheritance to his family. Presumably there was more than the house to inherit as well.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:05:01
Ah ouch I didn't even think of that and it hit me as soon as I hit 2016 blocks in your second sentence. Shit. Agreed it would likely hardfork.
That raises the question of what happens if the miners shit their pants and dump with the China shutdown.
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:32:58


Umm...... Are you suggesting databases have existed for 20 years? More like 40, and that's only considering relational databases.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:44:33
I've wondered about this. What is your plan for memory loss? Age, illness, accident, etc. How do you secure yourself and your family then?
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:03:01
True but if the market is truly free then prices should collapse quickly to meet the available supply of currency.
Puerto Rico is a situation where hodling cash was the smart play.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:38:47
GDAX. They are the same company, same login. GDAX fees are *tiny*.
CoinBase is the user friendly wallet, GDAX is the real exchange.
@_date: 2017-09-04 02:58:46
Ted Cruz 2020 stump speech: "See I *told you* Bitcoin was used by drug dealers and drug users! That's why *it must be banned!*"
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:16:33
You and should do some more research into Bitcoin and blockchain to better understand it.
No, all coins do not exist. Most coins do. New coins are mined at a rate of 12.5 coins per block currently. Blocks are mined on average every 10 minutes. The block reward halves every four years. The hard cap is 21 million bitcoins so the block reward will stop granting coins to miners around 2140.
How does blockchain play into it? Bitcoin invented the blockchain. (Well, Satoshi did, but he invented it to support Bitcoin)
Also China is apparently preparing to shut down all crypto exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:09:33
I suspect a LOT of people would pay attention.
The Bitcoin Cash crowd claims to support Satoshi's vision. If Satoshi (provably) reappeared and said "hey guys that's a bunch of bullshit cut it out" you think it wouldn't affect them?
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:17:26
Interesting article, but..... 
What the fuck kind of website was linked to here anyway?
This is what it looks like on desktop: 
I can't believe Google made a site that forces a desktop display to downsize to a mobile-sized viewport like that. It could at least detect desktop vs mobile and adjust or redirect accordingly. This is one of the worst UI decisions I've seen in years.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:03:55
It's not about stopping it when it happens, its about punishing those responsible as a deterrent against future behavior.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:51:28
Apparently he does that intentionally to draw out the strongest arguments and discussions.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:24:51
I'm not in any way advocating for allowing the banks to run amok. In fact I think they should be regulated much more than they are now. 
Unfortunately many in this sub do not agree. Or at least seem bipolar on the issue, saying on the one hand that we should have an-cap free-market utopia, but banks have too much power and should be reigned in by the government that would not exist in their an-cap utopia.
The crisis of 2008 could have been avoided through stronger regulation of the banking and mortgage industries as well as keeping politicians from twisting the system like they did in the late 90s by creating the incentives for easy mortgages that allowed the banks to go nuts. It was apparently just coincidental that Clinton pushed easier mortgages due to allegations of racism at the same time the banks invented credit default swaps. The banks initially pushed back claiming they couldn't meet the government's demands, then suddenly switched when they realized CDOs and CDS' could be used to profit from them while offloading risk to the government. I highly doubt the politicians understood what the banks were doing, and those who did were paid off.
Had the regulations been tighter and the government not manipulated the system the way it did there would have been no need to bail out the banks. The system works as designed, **if** it is regulated and monitored properly.
But allowing the banks to pay off lawmakers to bend the rules breaks the system. So fix the problem and prevent that from happening, don't throw the whole thing out.
It's like the reddit joke about burning down the house because of a spider or a roach. It's fucking stupid. *Stop the roaches from coming in*.
@_date: 2017-10-14 15:19:56
Yes, by HTTPS -- which is a kind of layer 2 tech.... ;)
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:20:04
Which app?
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:57:31
Quite a few of them very clearly do though.
Not only that but Satoshi himself was pretty much in this camp. He came from the cypherpunks who explicitly looked to end fiat and even end nations entirely.
It's no stretch to think that people who believe in the "Bitcoin ideology" from early days don't at least somewhat subscribe to this belief even if they don't beat the drums.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:01:06
Literally had this *exact* same question today, just hadn't posted it yet.
This is why cash will not go away.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:39:08
The concept of government makes sense. The execution is almost always severely flawed.
Think of it this way: everyone should pay for public services from their pocket. This will lead to a Byzantine network of public services each incompatible with the other, as the providers try to "lock in" customers to use only their network vs competitors' networks. (I use network in the general sense here, not in the computer sense)
That's a lot of waste. Markets seek efficiency. It should be more efficient for one entity to provide the services. Economies of scale etc etc. But that creates a monopoly. Then it becomes a question: which is better, a for-profit monopoly that you cannot exert any control over if it goes rogue, or a public monopoly that you can at least exert political control over through votes and such.
So the idea is that a bureaucracy makes the process of executing public functions more efficient.
The reality is that people in charge engage in personal economic rational self-interest and promote their needs and wants over the bigger picture, and distort the system as they seek power. That's politics in a nutshell. Iron law of oligarchy and all that.
So the *idea* makes sense on paper, but humans being humans we always fuck things up. Even in the "free market" of bitcoin people complain about whales controlling the price etc. So again those with power and money are exercising their control over others' personal economy. And there's no government involvement there.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:00:06
Well the point is that if the fine is proportional to the damage then we need to consider that some people are not "worth" as much as others. JP Morgan could do this to one person for $20 million or could do it to 20,000 people for $10,000 each and get the same effect. But the people "worth" less wouldn't be able to sue and get $4 billion.
But if the idea of getting away with murdering poor people just because one is rich offends you then you are admitting that there must be a moral aspect to justice that goes above and beyond intrinsic economic utility. Which is what punitive damages are -- a moral component added onto an economic punishment.
IMO anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:57:09
This is a misunderstanding. The coordinator node only exists to bootstrap the network until it is large enough to robustly withstand a 34% attack. Even Satoshi bootstrapped Bitcoin initially by running the mining nodes, so in the early days "Bitcoin is centralized" was true too.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:26:26
I didn't say government or government's -- I said governments plural.
I do happen to know quite a lot about how governments function both internally and internationally, and find that the overwhelming majority of people underestimate the true power of government authorities.
People who buy into the "Bitcoin Ideology" believe government is this violence-prone menace that constructs secret plots to kill thousands of people and destroy the lives of millions, while simultaneously believing it is a fragile collection of mostly incompetent boobs who will roll over as soon as they hear the word "HODL".
Sorry but that isn't how things really work.
@_date: 2017-10-21 01:51:47
They mean the arguments from the BCH side and the 2X side, that BCH is upholding Satoshi's vision of Bitcoin as digital cash, and that 2X is upholding Satoshi's vision of growing block sizes to scale up.
There is merit in both arguments, and there is also merit in the argument that Core is creating an alt by deviating away from the whitepaper.
But the layered architecture defined by core is superior, and is an evolutionary advance for Bitcoin. So whether Satoshi intended it or not, the governance process for Bitcoin has decided that the current set of devs are managing the codebase, and Satoshi isn't here to refute this direction, and the community seems to be agreeing with the core devs, so it doesn't really matter what Satoshi's original intentions were. The system has to adapt to new realities.
That said, I do find it interesting that so many who support Bitcoin say the whitepaper shouldn't be taken as gospel yet they call for strict constructionist views of the US Constitution...
@_date: 2017-09-04 03:04:20
Curious, why are you bullish on neo?
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:40:12
ding ding all aboard
@_date: 2017-09-01 19:36:59
These are all possible. The last bear market was about two years long however, but perhaps now Bitcoin has entered consciousness enough not to dip too far too fast. Those of us who want to buy are praying for a long hard Russian winter bear market though. :)
Why the point about Dogecoin? I'm not seeing the correlation.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:08:58
CoinBase is a user friendly way to do basic buys and sells.
GDAX is wholly owned by CoinBase. GDAX is the full-blown trading platform. You already have an account on GDAX, it's your CoinBase login. You can transfer funds between CoinBase and GDAX for free. Fees on GDAX are a tiny fraction of CoinBase.
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:08:57
If the goal is true global adoption then it should be compared against the true global median, no?
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:43:24
That's from George Carlin. One of the best standup routines ever.
@_date: 2017-10-06 22:06:26
What exchanges will give both coins?
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:16:25
That looks suspiciously like a military base...
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:11:38


What is that?
Also the blockchain is 140GB in size, did you make a typo? Because that is off by three orders of magnitude. That's a lot to ask anyone to download every few days. Unless you mean daily growth is 150MB?
@_date: 2017-09-30 03:02:31
No you are missing the point. Bitcoin's blockchain is great because it allows multiple individuals to transact without trusting each other.
Consortium blockchains will do the same for companies. Companies in a partnership can conduct inter-company transactions without having to trust one company to hold all the data and be able to tamper with it at will. Companies can reduce costs because they don't need to independently verify everything. And the blockchain data is still private and only visible to the companies participating.
It's a way to connect companies together, transparent value transfer superhighways between business partners.
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:39:04
M E T A
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:07:12
Yes but that process will take several months due to the slow difficulty adjustment period of Bitcoin, from what I understand.
During that period the network grinds to a halt. At least that's how it seems to me.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:26:58
Right, but 2016 blocks ~ 2 weeks in general.
My understanding is that the difficulty *will* adjust downward but again I've read several times that it can take about four *months* to get to a level where individual ASICs or even GPUs can get it kickstarted again. Not sure where that number came from though.
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:43:53
Through replay a valid transaction on one chain can be replayed on the other chain to create an invalid transaction on the second chain. 2X will broadcast its transactions on the same network so Bitcoin nodes can't tell the difference between Bitcoin transactions and 2X transactions.
That is how I understand it at least. By deliberately making the two choices above the 2X side is choosing specifically to undermine the Bitcoin network. It isn't offering an alternative, it is threatening destruction if 2X isn't adopted.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:17:59
Well he was terminal with two months to live, so.... true.
@_date: 2017-09-23 02:57:45
Or maybe at 25% the exchange rate.
Gov't uses force to extort miners. Interesting scenario.
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:58:41
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:19:17
"real quick" but links to 8 hour video....
@_date: 2017-10-03 01:01:46
Same thing happened in July right?
@_date: 2017-09-29 02:56:34
I'm no expert (I just started seriously researching it a few months ago) so don't give up. I recall hearing about Bitcoin exchanges but not sure if they existed before 2011. There were almost certainly other wallets between those times.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:23:42
No, that's a backronym that happens to work perfectly. It was an accidental typo.
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:58:49
Kyle Bass from the article.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:54:45
Except Bitcoin is also claimed to be the "perfect currency" by its ardent supporters, and that "good money will drive out bad" and replacing the dollar and all other currency.
So how can it both thrive from competition and be so good it kills all rivals?
And if it does kill all rivals, doesn't it follow from basic principles of monopolies and free markets that a single dominating force with no corruption will decay and become a weight on the market?
At what point does Bitcoin Break Bad?
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:49:54
No I didn't.






There are a great many people who advocate that Bitcoin will bring about this future. I've been told that explicitly by several in this sub alone. They literally look forward to a total collapse of all national borders and all fiat. The crypto-anarchists and cypherpunks (from which Satoshi came) quite explicitly advocate that total privatization of money will render all violence obsolete.
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:38:52


Which one of you an-cap motherfuckers wrote that statement for him? :) 
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:50:01
Wow that's some significant departures from the traditional blockchain tech stack. And it has a great brand name to be honest.
What are some good resources to learn more? I'm especially interested in their governance model and privacy enhancements. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:28:56
I don't see anything particularly damning in the BUIP stuff posted there. As an outsider it looks to me like they simply chose to use github to manage some of their process instead of wordpress. Big deal. Those docs read like they are asking the community to vote on whether or not the org should expend funds to attend a conference or whatever, which seems to be a pretty open and democratic system to me.
Where is the conspiracy there?
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:59:15
Bitcoin is specifically designed to be a decentralized survivable payment system. It is not designed to be fast and efficient -- those basically require centralization. Companies want fast and efficient so they prefer centralization.
The two design goals are diametrically opposed. You can't have a fast and secure and survivable network. Pick two.
Bitcoin picked secure and survivable.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:36:27
ELI5 support &amp; resistance? I've seen those terms used a lot but not clearly defined.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:23:57
Last major dip a few weeks ago I panic sold at the bottom, then bought again near the top. WTF.
This time I white-knuckled and didn't sell. I had committed after last time to hold through and accept a correction to $2K and be able to share it as a war story later. So I didn't sell and it bounced back. Yay. Next lesson is to buy the dip.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:47:21
That last paragraph should be said more often IMO. Instead of the simple statements to just run a full node. Because it explains precisely *why*. Thanks for that.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:28:00
Haha touche.
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:54:40
That's a horrible article and doesn't even come close to summarizing what she actually said.
[Here is a much better article](
TLDR She is actually saying Bitcoin and others may in the future have a place alongside the five national currencies used to derive the value of the SDR. This is a Good Thing.
@_date: 2017-09-20 21:36:30
True. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 04:18:52
Interesting. I was here for S2X and thought it was called off due to a last-minute loss of support from key exchanges/etc.
@_date: 2017-09-26 23:47:11
Maybe I misunderstand something, but it doesn't seem to support words more than four characters long.


@_date: 2017-09-04 02:56:05
Except for things like nasty deaths from preventable diseases. It's easy to romanticize when you don't live in a place where cutting your foot may be a life-changing or life-ending experience. :)
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:00:07
Well yeah that was a bit of an extreme. I'm usually on the "NSA can get nearly anything they want" camp, though I don't think they literally have "all your wallets and passwords" -- they can *get them* if they want though.
I will say that a lot of people put too much emphasis on technology. People have no idea how powerful things like social network analysis are for intelligence agencies, and how they use those to track and compromise people all the time. Just know who travels in what circles, know their browsing and travel habits, and you can find ways to apply pressure to get what you want.
These can all be applied to cryptocurrencies far more effectively than people realize.
@_date: 2017-09-17 02:00:26
If it can be specified in code it can be written in a contract. And then it inherits the full legal system infrastructure.
I don't see what the confusion is here.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:42:41
(i) I don't think I understand it better than the rest, just that some people make rather sweeping generalizations and seem to overhype Bitcoin because they believe in it, downplaying risk because it doesn't fit their belief system. Which I totally understand, BTW.
(ii) I don't think I'm caricaturing hodlers, unless you think the highly upvoted comments from many hodlers in this sub are also caricatures.
(1) True but they often cooperate on areas of mutual interest. If Bitcoin threatens *the USD* then of course others will pile on and support Bitcoin while others will rally to prop up USD. If Bitcoin threatens *fiat currency and the fate of the nation-state* then I expect nations would take a different view.
(2) Granted. This is a good point.
(3) Lobbyists don't always get their way, but this is a very good point actually.
(4) Why can't decentralized exchanges be blocked at the network level?
(5) I see your point, but then if it is more difficult to buy it is also more difficult to sell. I often read Bitcoin touted as the ultimate currency because of its liquidity and simultaneously see that it is the ultimate store of wealth because it will be so difficult to use. Huh?
(6) Sure they are and I see it all the time. But the ones that are most successful are so not because they are technically smart but because they know how to build smart teams and listen to them. Note that I'm talking about actual government bureaucrats and leaders here, not politicians who are often walking shitstains. 


Many people in the fed will have backgrounds in applied math. Here's two I found quickly who have backgrounds in operations research and are high enough to merit their own bio pages. Certainly they will have done PDEs.
And here's a 1997 paper I found in just a couple minutes from the fed published in an operations research journal. For the fed to have a paper published in such a journal requires that it have analysts who know about it and have the requisite background to qualify for publication, and that background includes the type of math you claim they don't have. 
You may say I am making assumptions that the leaders will listen to their analysts, and you are right, but you are also making assumptions that they won't.
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:13:11
This is the most accurate description I've ever seen. Bravo.
@_date: 2017-09-08 23:45:58
GS predicted the rise from a couple grand back so presumably they bought in. If it is them then they are cashing some in either to manipulate the market to gain credibility for predicting the fall, or because they have decided it isn't going up any further for now and cutting their risk exposure from a fall. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:08:14


And people told me I was crazy for saying there are people who truly believe this is "the goal" of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:15:27
You should be buying gas then at the low and selling it on the street for 10% less than the high.
There I just solved your retirement.
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:14:39
The variable transaction fee issue seems to be a serious roadblock for widespread Bitcoin adoption as a true routine currency. I think the Core developers see that (along with the mining roadblocks) and are trying to route around it by accepting Bitcoin as a slow-moving store of value and add fast processing layers on top of it. Satoshi was brilliant but he wasn't Hari Seldon.
Interestingly in IOTA all transactions are free. Might be in some other systems as well. And I found it interesting since he mentioned Ripple that IOTA is also often lumped in with Ripple as a "premined shitcoin" yet none of the developers held any coins back, so there is no future where the devs suddenly dump coins for profit. (there are whales, but Bitcoin has that same issue too)
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:53:25
That time has long passed for the overwhelming majority of the world. Median annual family income is around $10k.
If the goal is to gain global adoption then Bitcoin has "mooned" many times over.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:11:22
Allow them to conduct transparent transactions with business partners so all partners can verify the transactions without having to put full trust in any one of them.
Think of exactly the use case you see with Bitcoin and humans, and replace humans with companies in a partnership, like a supply chain or co-developers on a product.
@_date: 2017-09-21 15:56:10
What if Coinbase and other exchanges are actively manipulating the price of Bitcoin to keep it artificially inflated? They benefit from the massive influx of new users daily bringing capital and transaction fees.
There is a lot of talk here about *whales* but I never see any discussion of some of the largest whales around -- the exchanges that benefit the most from an artificial market.
@_date: 2017-10-12 01:16:04
This is why you deserve to make that million. :)
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:42:03
He said he was being sarcastic about encouraging it.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:21:49
Because those carry a logistical trail -- needs people and equipment to physically move it around. If Monero transactions are truly private then it would be much easier to use it than to deal with crossing borders with large amounts of gold or cash.
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:58:06
The highlighted section addresses double spending attacks, not a fork.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:12:48
Ah ok yeah in that case it is a great theory. My wife's reaction when I read it to her earlier was priceless. Let's just say she has a VERY low opinion of him. :)
On that note we should expand it. Trump is trying to get us all to a new economy to break down borders to minimize the chaos when everyone realizes Planet X is really coming for us. 
Thankfully the earth is flat so it will just skip by us with no issues. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:17:30


That's the hard part. The race is specifically designed so that the odds are low that any one specific machine can reliably find a block, but on average one machine globally finds one every ten minutes.
So it's like buying a lottery ticket that costs $1-3k for the machine and $thousands for the electricity, hoping for the $50k jackpot.
And since the puzzle gets tougher every two weeks, that top-end machine from last year is lagging behind this year, so upgrade or fall behind.
Mining Bitcoin is a capital investment lottery.
Now altcoins might be much better.
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:26:59
Oh GODDAMMIT.
I just got out of Bitgrail and now I'm on Coinbase. What the fuck.
Wait is this related to the BCH insider trading scandal from December? Or is it new?
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:48:37
But Satoshi *was* a time traveler.
He was the sole member of Liber8 to make it back to our time to give us what we needed to survive the coming government bailout by corporations and the creation of the Corporate Congress.
@_date: 2017-09-19 01:01:12
Tea is impractical for most of the times I use it and it is nice to be precise.
Plus its way cheaper. I don't know the exact prices for "good" green tea but a quick glance at Amazon shows somewhere around $10 for 50 bags. So if we take one bag to be one dose that is $0.20 per dose. Meanwhile I can get 120 100mg caffeine pills for $6 and 120 200mg l-theanine pills for $9 for a total of $15 for 120 doses or $0.125 per dose.
Not sure what other compounds in it are beneficial though. Change my view lol.
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:31:37


Does this mean a wealthy person can go to an area of extreme poverty in the poorest area of the world, kill several people, and only pay a small penalty because their "worth" (projected over their viable years remaining as workers) was so much less in dollar value in proportion to the perpetrator?
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:45:51
I actually saw at least one that advertised coins carried voting rights on company decisions and addresses would receive dividend payouts.
So yeah, its an unregulated security.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:41:31
This is just one view of the "is math invented or discovered" philosophical argument though. And that argument is at least centuries old.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:23:30
Bitcoin was originally intended as a peer to peer electronic cash system. Period. 
I think that due to real world issues and limitations (like blockchain scalability) it has to evolve beyond that. Hence things like lightning. But we need to be honest about that evolution and not claim that it isn't supposed to be cash. It absolutely WAS supposed to be cash. That's why the BCH side gave themselves that name. They believe that your view is a violation of the original founding principles. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:44:43
Or they would change the PoW like they threatened to cripple the hostile miners, and attempt to preserve the wealth of investors currently on the chain. That's what I think would happen anyway, no point in abandoning it when billions are invested in it.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:39:27
And yet that which fits best must necessarily be the one that is dominant, else that would leave a gap into which *another* could become dominant, implying it would be a better fit, no?
@_date: 2017-09-01 19:38:13
YAY! :D
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:36:22
One way to think of it is like hurricane models though. You combine multiple models and multiple sources to see an overall "zone of probability" trend. TA would just be one of the models. Shouldn't rely on any one source, just like intelligence analysis should always look for multi-source verification.
@_date: 2017-09-24 17:53:15
This is true. But recall there was also a massive dot-com bubble that burst and a great many people lost everything as a result. It was a bloodbath, many companies folded and many people were out of a job. It eventually recovered and boomed again but it took the social networking and cloud computing to kick it off. Had 2008 not happened the new tech boom would likely have started around then.
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:49:59
True, but consider that stealing a million dollars today is the best it will ever get since it depreciates, while stealing a million in bitcoin could be worth tens of millions.
Suddenly the risk calculus changes, for both victim and the willingness of the attacker.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:56:44
Yeah that was probably a bit much. Oh well.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:23:14
The founder of IOTA responds:


































Quoted from: 
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:18:59
Fair enough.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:48:36
Ok good, that works around the technical limitation. But it also raises the technical barrier to participation as well, right? That will lower adoption. I see arguments that Bitcoin gets its value from hodlers and that it gets its usage from liquidity, but it can't both be true. If the barrier to buy and sell is higher then liquidity goes down.
So is Bitcoin valued because it is rare, or because it is easy to use? Because in the proposed scenario easy to use is no longer really a property it can be said to possess.
But if Bitcoin gets its value from hodlers because it is a rare store of value and not from ease of use, then why will Lightning increase value?
I'm actually really curious about the two views here. I can accept that it can possess some measure of both properties, but Bitcoin maximalists here seem to push *both* to the extreme, when it can't maximize both properties simultaneously. That means at least some maximalist predictions are doomed to never come true.
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:37:08


But that's the argument (who you responded to) was making.... :)


Assuming you mean *two* weeks here. Also I've read that it can actually take months to adjust if the hashpower loss is more than very minor, though I can't recall the specific details.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:49:14
There's at least one whale I've seen claim that he and many other whales are each dumping hundreds of thousands in alt coins to buy up BTC before the forks, and plan to cash out back to alts and take short positions to profit from the fall after the forks.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:46:27
Are you seriously claiming 70 million people have been killed in those countries alone?
What date do you consider the start of fiat? 1970s for the dollar? 1600s for first paper currency in the west? 10AD for first paper currency in the world?
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:35:52


It sounds like you are saying there can be multiple Bitcoin networks operating at once. That implies multiple chains. My understanding is there is one single network using one single protocol. Am I misunderstanding something here?


Agreed -- without miner verification of transactions the entire system breaks down and transactions cannot be trusted, corrupting the chain.
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:50:20
Just in case it is a mistake, were you on GDAX? I ran into an issue where the font they used in the address field caused some letters (i and j for example) to appear in upper case instead. It drove me NUTS because I was convinced something foul was happening and checking the dev tools was a dead end. Zooming in made it obvious though.
I nearly nuked my house from orbit just to be sure, so that was a relief. Not sure if other exchanges have similar quirks.
@_date: 2017-10-11 16:51:41
Bingo. So many times I see people say regulation never works, then point specifically to *the removal of regulations* as the cause of so many problems. It's baffling honestly.
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:38:27
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:41:31
Ah ok I thought you meant 1:6 was not inconsequential, not 20:100.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:08:36


Yes but those arguments are all predicated on trusting one or the other dev team.
Bitcoin is trustless in the math/crypto sense, but not in the social sense.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:37:12


Presumably because bitmain lost their buyers and has to reduce prices? If so they would just cut supply anyway. Besides why wouldn't China ban them as well?
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:32:47


Ok. So if Bitcoin is preferable to fiat because it is decentralized, what happens when the majority of people store their wealth in one network? How vulnerable will people's wealth be to even minor issues in that network?
If decentralization is preferred, isn't it *healthier for everyone* if Bitcoin is *not* the sole dominant currency? (and I'm open to the idea of "all fiat replaced by cryptos" as a scenario)
Then if a problem happens in one network it doesn't destroy the wealth of *everyone*.
@_date: 2017-09-29 23:53:33
A trusted database requires you to trust the one entity controlling it.
A blockchain can span boundaries between organizations and keep them honest in dealing with each other.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:28:27
Just because you don't understand the fundamental issues faced in a particular industry doesn't mean it is snake oil. Blockchains are a powerful tool when used correctly. I recently read a journal article that designed a specific solution for P2P energy management using blockchains.
A database still requires trust, so it is no different conceptually than  the spreadsheet mentioned in the article.
@_date: 2017-09-17 05:37:43
Yeah I read that earlier and it is stupid. It eliminates the whole concept of micropayments.
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:41:09
No replay protection. So transactions can be conducted on the false S2X chain, and since the S2X machines will run on the same network as the honest Bitcoin nodes (and the S2X software is now specifically configured to hide from detection by honest nodes) transactions conducted on the false chain will be carried out on the honest chain because they will look like legitimate transactions to honest nodes.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:12:37
This has been a major talking point of the fringe political wings for decades now.
Entire shelves in bookstores used to be filled with these predictions.
Conservatives: The sky is about to fall, and it's all the Liberals' fault! Vote for me and we can MAGA!
Libertarians: The sky is about to fall, prepare yourselves for the coming an-cap utopia WEEEEEE!
Zerohedge/Infowars: They sky has already fallen but you can't see it because you are blinded by the interdimensional bloodsucking vampires REEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:49:19
Most developing nations are roughly equivalent with the US in the 1950s. They aren't starving in the mud. That's an extreme.
@_date: 2017-10-10 00:01:34
That doesn't at all conflict with what I was saying, it just says it in different words.
More explicitly, the miner can make any block he wants *up to the hardcoded blocksize limit imposed by the software* and if he attempts to exceed that blocksize limit *the other nodes' software will reject the block as invalid*.
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:07:27
Ok was wondering if you had mistakenly bought BCH instead. They are claiming it is "the real Bitcoin" etc.
@_date: 2017-09-04 15:06:40
Hey thanks for the detailed info. Gonna go read up on NEO now. :)
New ICO as in a new coin built on top of NEO, like ERC20?
How do you consider NEO better than Ethereum?
I still don't quite understand how GAS works in Ethereum/etc. Do you have a good link, or is it possible to sum it up in a sentence or two?
@_date: 2017-10-12 01:23:31


Citation needed...
Otherwise I can claim the same about any industry. Hey let's pick the auto industry, it's in the same shape as the S&amp;L, you heard it here first folks, all car manufacturers will go bankrupt by 2020. Better invest in horses and buggies now!
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:11:22
In other words you don't even have to worry about laundering money through elaborate schemes anymore.
Just buy some CryptoRubles, tumble them, then cash them out and pay Putin's ~~protection money~~ 13% tax and you are good.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:16:44
This is hilarious.
@_date: 2017-10-06 22:37:02
That's cool. I don't see the benefit to gamers though.
@_date: 2017-10-20 21:26:17
It's not about whether or not it is a sound technical move.
It's about *how* they are going about it. Circumventing the community-approved governance process. Operating on the same network and refusing to include replay protection. Hiding the fact they are 2X nodes operating on the same network, so their blocks can't be ignored. These things are *wrong* and will result in harm to innocent people.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:53:06
Oh wow that's actually really interesting. And it makes sense that they would offer a service like that.
My understanding is the system was designed so that each individual machine would only mine a block once every year or two on average, so I'm assuming with these mining companies owning thousands of ASICs they are getting hundreds of blocks a day. So then offering a service like that would make sense as they can reasonably guarantee your tx would be processed fairly quickly.
Does that sound about right?
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:06:01
Interesting thanks.
That raises the question about how future-proof it is. Will there be a need to expand the word list down the road and then four letters is no longer enough.
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:22:02
There is a difference between bitcoin transaction fees and exchange fees. Bitcoin fees are based on byte size of the transaction and have nothing to do with the amount. Exchanges typically charge a % based on amount. Not sure if the charge a fee to transfer to a local wallet though. 
You should research the exchange fees yourself so you get the right answer. We might get it wrong, maybe the fees changed lately, etc. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 00:01:56


You literally have no way of knowing that. Besides even if that were the case the truly intellectually honest thing to do isn't to compare your own thoroughly analyzed philosophy against primitive tribes thousands of years ago. Compare apples to apples. Philosophy to philosophy.


That's John Locke who was of course one of the inspirations behind the American system of government. 
The point is that under the Consent of the Governed doctrine, men willingly turn over some of the enforcement of their natural rights in exchange for a more efficient and overall more just system. 
That's the *idea* of government. The fact that it is often perverted by humans and that systems and organizations suffer from loss of direction and deviate from their true missions does not mean the whole system is inherently wrong, just that there are flaws that should be corrected. 


Except in a representative government you can vote to change the monopoly. Unless you want to argue that the politicians won't listen because they are too in bed with the special interests aka the private companies? 


That's  a fair point. So doesnt it imply that it is important for people to have a mechanism by which they can exert ultimate authority over those in charge and ensure the government toes the line? So many people complain that Congress has abdicated it's responsibilities and allowed the executive branch to become too powerful (a great argument) but then fall short of criticizing themselves and the rest of We The People for caring more about American Idol than our local city council or school board meetings. Just because people have abdicated their responsibilities in the present society doesn't make the underlying philosophy evil. It works if everyone does their part, otherwise it opens the door to despotism -- exactly as the founding fathers warned. 


No, what I was doing was assuming your argument for the sake of discussion and then demonstrating that it leads to essentially the same result you want to avoid. Maybe I should have worded it a bit better though. 
Interestingly I see libertarians often accuse government of being inherently predatory and take government automatically to its extreme end of total control, but don't acknowledge the extremes of their own position -- an an-cap system where those with market power exert that power to coerce others, violating individual sovereignty. They already do that in the market now, and if you pick up any marketing 101 text you see it is explicitly taught as the ultimate goal of business -- to capture a market and force it to send you money. Take away the monopoly on violence that government has and you will end up with companies that begin to use violence to exert their dominance over others as well. While we have plenty of examples of government abuse in our history we also have plenty of examples of companies committing abuses and even restoring to violence as well. 
My vote then is for the system where our votes act as the final check on those in power. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 03:37:31
Thanks. Completely agree with you. I've trusted my wife with my financial and physical life for pushing two decades now. And those are easy -- I find myself instead gradually realizing that emotional trust is cripplingly difficult to give sometimes, and even when you believe you have given it to her you may wake up one day and realize half the shit you do in life is just a coping mechanism because you never really *did* give that trust in the first place and you twist your life around just to avoid having to trust at that level. That's a fucking wakeup.
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:20:59
There is no reason a miner can't just keep adding more transactions to a block, up to the blocksize limit of course. But they are also in a race to win the block reward so there is an incentive to stop filling the current block once they win the race. So blocks will vary in size, not be filled up every time. At least that's how I understand it anyway.
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:59:12
The consumer can't apply cost pressure, because the consumer doesn't see the actual costs until after the fact.
Also states have locked their residents into a walled ecosystem of insurance companies so they are near-monopolies in most areas.
So yeah I agree with you there. But how can that be fixed?
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:46:08
I don't disagree with you, but good luck convincing those who have the wealth that they need to give up some of it.
I do find it interesting that, in a sense, the pro-libertarian mindset that drives Bitcoin also complains about inequitable distribution of wealth, which is essentially often a liberal/left position. Instead of advocating government intervention by force to redistribute wealth (the hard leftist position) the libertarian position seems to be to deconstruct the entire system to allow people to have the freedom to interact as they see fit -- and in effect end with the same kind of redistribution of wealth across the classes. 
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:37:48
People need to understand a distinction.
This isn't the browser manufacturers "adding Bitcoin to the browser."
They are "adding support for a W3C standard which will allow the user to select from one of several payment methods that choose to conform to the web payments standard."
I'm sure Bitcoin will be compatible (at least eventually) but I'm also sure PayPal will be immediately. They have the corporate economic interest in embedding in the browser and removing friction, even moreso than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:27:41
Yes but the consensus rule is what determines the chain that is accepted. The longest chain has the most hashpower behind it, and the system as designed must accept the longest chain. That is the consensus mechanism of Bitcoin.
Note I'm not arguing for S2X or BCH here, my argument is over the "nodes &gt; miners" argument I see frequently -- full nodes have no effect on ledger consensus, only mining nodes do because the winning miner is the one that creates the next block on the chain.
One CPU = one vote is the design of Bitcoin. Period.
I agree that the miner cartel is dangerous and it threatens Bitcoin's long-term health and possibly its survivability, but the fact remains that by design they have the power and thus they define the network. And since Bitcoin is defined by the blockchain, that means the miners define what Bitcoin *is*.
The original intent was for mining to be distributed, but because hash difficulty exploded due to ASICs it can't be anymore. This is a fundamental flaw in the system IMO and I don't know how it can be fixed.
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:18:17
He paid his lawyer 1.16 BTC retainer fee to process the divorce, and presumably has 10.7 BTC remaining to split 50/50.
@_date: 2017-10-15 04:34:58
Ok that makes a bit more sense then.
Your arguments seem to come from the position of someone who cares rather than a "paid shill" so I'll ask you this: Will you agree that the motives of the S2X backers seem highly suspicious in that they are refusing to add replay protection and are coding their nodes to actively disguise themselves as ["true" Bitcoin | legacy Bitcoin | core Bitcoin] nodes? (take your pick on wording, I don't care)
The fact that Core is the current majority chain indicates it should be considered the dominant network (and since we are talking about Satoshi's intent he even said as much) and thus any attempt to make a change should by definition be considered a fork. If 100% of the hashrate switches, ok fine, BTC dies with no more blocks added and S2X wins. But if it doesn't all switch (and it won't of course) then there is a hashrate split between the two chains, so doesn't it seem the good faith thing to do is to implement replay protection to avoid harming innocent people on the original chain? Why refuse to add replay protection, and further actively masquerade nodes on the original chain *knowing it will harm innocent people?*
These are not the actions of good faith actors in the system. They are the actions of those who want to undermine the system and attack it from within. That's exactly how it looks to me from the outside, not having any pre-existing attachment to either side. These actions appear *specifically designed* to harm innocent people, and that is an explicitly *evil* act under any system of morality.
So on that I side with who sees the S2X backers as the imminent threat, and Blockstream as a *potential* threat to be dealt with once the immediate chain survival threat is dealt with. 
The Blockstream threat is hypothetical, the S2X threat is *existential*.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:23:45
"I don't like where I was born therefore every place is a source of oppression."
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:59:52
I wonder how much of that is Java/etc thin wrappers with COBOL still running underneath.
I know of a *major* system (non-financial) that is like that. Completely shit the bed, emergency rewrite ordered, world was saved. But the dev team lead laughed one day and confided that the higher ups had pulled a snow job, and just wrapped the ugly COBOL with some Java and told everyone it was "rewritten" while the core continued to rot.
@_date: 2017-09-17 02:02:49
So if the Austrian model is a threat to central banks, and central banks are evil and willing to start wars to maintain their system, why haven't they just killed all the Austrian theorists?
@_date: 2017-09-03 02:22:59
You should still triple check just to be sure. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:48:54
Right so that was the December insider trading issue right? At least from what I can find online. Not a new one this week. I'm trying to find out what happened this week.
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:36:23
I just posted [this longer statement]( in the other post about her comments.
TLDR I read the story and looked up the SDR and most people misunderstood her comments entirely. She is actually saying Bitcoin and others may in the future have a place alongside the five national currencies used to derive the value of the SDR. **This is a Good Thing^(TM)**.
@_date: 2017-10-20 22:01:59
To add to what said, the issue isn't about the technology, it is about *how* they are going about pushing it.
They are intentionally circumventing the community-approved process for initiating changes like this. 
As I understand it they are supposed to make the proposal as a BIP, and the BIP will be evaluated by the *entire* dev community and voted on. If the devs agree with the BIP they change the code and release a new version. Miners who choose to accept the BIP download the new version, and the miners signal acceptance of the BIP by including a particular text string in their blocks. Once 95% of the miners signal acceptance the BIP is locked in and takes effect on the network. This is how Segwit happened in August.
What the 2X backers did, again as I understand it, was meet in secret, draft an agreement, get several companies to sign it, and then announce it was the "true" Bitcoin. They have announced they will operate on the same network as Bitcoin and not implement replay protection, which puts Bitcoin funds at risk. When the Bitcoin devs said they would block 2X nodes on the Bitcoin network the 2X devs responded by adding a stealth mode to the 2X nodes so they can hide on the Bitcoin network -- and again transmit their blocks on the Bitcoin network, potentially corrupting the Bitcoin chain with false transactions.
Those who back 2X say that Blockstream has performed a "coup" of the Bitcoin "ownership" (even though there is no such thing) and therefore they oppose it. But Blockstream only has a few devs (the best ones too apparently) and there are *many* people who have submitted code to improve Bitcoin. Blockstream was reportedly formed solely to give the core devs greater flexibility personally (i.e. steady funding/etc) and is run by Adam Back who is a cryptography expert who invented Hashcash which is the proof of work method used in Bitcoin) and is also an old-school cypherpunk -- the same community from which Satoshi came and from which Bitcoin was born. As far as I can tell Jihan and Ver are businessmen, not devs.
I had a lengthy back and forth conversation with a passionate 2X backer over the past week. In that exchange I repeatedly stressed that 2X is violating the community consensus rules. I also asked for specific evidence clearly showing that Blockstream has acted in bad faith. Instead I got called a hypocrite, with no evidence to support it. During the conversation it became clear that he did not even understand what a pull request was or how code is committed in git, so he did not actually understand how open source governance actually works. He seemed to be relying on the headlines and comments from the 2X backers instead.
If the Blockstream devs have corrupted the governance process then proof needs to be provided. Lacking that proof, 2X has chosen to operate outside that governance process, therefore they should just declare themselves to be a fork and be done. Bitcoin can be easily forked. It's an open source project, forking is trivial. It is what all who disagree with Bitcoin's direction have done before, dozens or hundreds of times.
The fact that 2X *refuses* to do so should be alarming.
**TLDR** (again as I see it) 2X has chosen to operate outside the community-approved governance process, and disguises their nodes to hide their operation on the Bitcoin network, thus potentially corrupting the Bitcoin chain. These are choices that directly threaten the wealth of innocent people. Their actions break faith with the community, and to take steps to actively harm users and jeopardize their wealth is reprehensible. They should be vilified.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:13:56
You literally just described Ripple. It is specifically designed to allow p2p international remittances without nostro accounts.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:22:55
Great point and completely agree. I was glossing over it a bit but its good to have that clarified up front. The network needs a balance to be successful.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:58:31
I was wondering that as well.
Also seems it may work to their advantage to be seen as stable unlike other cryptos. From my understanding the Chinese government favors stability over virtually everything else. If NEO is stable and not overly expensive then it is not a true threat. If no one is getting rich overnight then there is no capital flight as people try to cash out and move on to a better life elsewhere. Yet it also has a good narrative being cheap enough for many Chinese to afford it so they have a chance to improve their life, under controlled conditions.
Seems like a very favorable coin for the government then. 
If that's the case then it seems a solid strategy would be buy at $20 and sell during a blowup, rinse and repeat. Except for the chance that one time it really moons and you sold your ticket. :\
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:43:08
Bankers fall for this ONE WEIRD TRICK!
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:37:13
Yes that's exactly what she said the other day. I noticed that right away and commented on it since nobody else seemed to get the point. This is good positive recognition that crypto is entering the early adoption phase.
@_date: 2017-09-26 23:16:34
Ironically Bitcoin and other similar currencies could be a great option for a true underclass. There are groups in America that face systemic structural inequality, and adopting a crypto currency could be a viable way to strike back at "the system." But that would require Bitcoin prices to be stable and easy to use with minimal risk of theft, none of which is possible right now.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:34:20
Change it to "...real heroes own bitcoin" :)
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:43:24
Sure but people living in tyranny or buying gifts in their browser's secretgiftmode will not account for tens of millions of dollars in transactions. Let's be honest, it will be used by cartels and North Korea and others who want to bypass sanctions.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:55:49
When did you buy, and what was the per-bitcoin price when you bought?
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:47:29
If Russia makes it illegal to import Western crypto it will be like a Bizarro World version of 1995...
*Edit* For anyone who didn't get it, in the 1990s the US tried to prosecute Phil Zimmerman for creating PGP as an "exportable munition."
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:18:11
Well the thesis was on a specific theoretical application of blockchain tech, so bitcoin itself was only a few paragraphs to lay a foundation in the literature review chapter. But yeah it required me to dig into a lot of different stuff. Including learning that social scientists have about a dozen different mathematical descriptions for transitive trust in social networks in about the same amount of years and nobody has figured out a universal law of trust yet. Probably never will. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:02:28
"Satoshi" posted in early 2014 to say he was not Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto. Used Satoshi's e-mail address to register the account. That was a few months before Finney died.
Also, Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto lived a few houses down from Finney.
But it seems more likely that its Nick Szabo. There was an article I read recently that compared their arguments for why Bitcoin was important, and they both make essentially the same unique argument.
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:33:04
Well, not entirely though. Even a "private" blockchain allows transparency and trust across boundaries. Multiple parties can engage in transactions in a specialized closed economy without affecting the wider economy.
There is no reason for your local power company and mine to handle customers on the same blockchain since we are likely several states apart at least, or even in different countries. It's nonsensical.
In that sense also you could say that Lightning is in the same boat, a "permissioned blockchain/sidechain" but people here generally believe its a great idea. It's not that much different from a permissioned blockchain really.
People compare private blockchains to intranets but they should compare them to extranets -- they have value in crossing boundaries.
If you stay completely within the boundary of one entity then yes a database is far superior. But if you need to cross boundaries and want trust guarantees then blockchains are a good tool.
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:52:36
RemindMe! 5 days
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:02:24
That's weird because the running narrative I've seen is that Bitcoin up = alts down, and vice versa. When Bitcoin surges money moves from alts to it, then returns when it goes down.
And yet "Bitcoin going up lifts everything, and Bitcoin going down drags the whole market down."
Bitcoin can't simultaneously be responsible for lifting *and* tanking alts, so I don't get it.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:55:22
He may have misinterpreted something, or may have in fact bought BCH from an exchange since "Bitcoin.com" pumps it as *the Bitcoin* and just released an iOS wallet that makes it look that way as well.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:42:32
Exactly. In fact PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, etc all have *far more* incentive to be more aggressive about implementing plugins for this than Bitcoin.
Just look to Mozilla as an example -- there are requests for useful features that have been open for many years and the response essentially is "it's open source go code it yourself." Which isn't helpful to mass adoption.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:54:20
Well, goddamn good point.
@_date: 2017-10-06 22:12:09
Is it an ASIC specifically designed for Bitcoin? ASIC is a general term like GPU, but each is designed for a specific application. Gaming-related ASICs would likely not be designed to hash for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:41:51


That's why I put it in quotes. I'm not calling you that, that was the point. 
On the other points I think we will simply disagree. From my vantage point the system with the most development behind it is currently the dominant network. Any move that involves working from an alternate code repository is by definition a fork since it does not involve commits back to the original repository but to a copy of it made at some point in time. That's the definition of a fork. Since the S2X crowd are the ones doing that they are the ones forking. Period. So they need to be the ones to act in good faith. The fact that they won't is very telling to me. 
This isn't a dick measuring contest but they are painting it as such, when they are the ones forking the code.
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:27:10
From a misspelling in a forum post a few years ago.
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:14:27
What if it turns out Satoshi was a young cypherpunk (as either Szabo or Finney said previously they believed was the case) who was beginning the early stages of paranoid schizophrenia as well (manifests mostly in age 16-25), and dropped off the grid because the CIA statement blew his paranoia off the charts.
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:17:15
Says someone in a sub that every other day has posts like "remember if you are just starting in bitcoin you are an early adopter" .......
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:43:51
"computationally infeasible"
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:34:25
One of the major complaints against the big banks after they were bailed out is that they just sat on their cash and didn't circulate it. They wanted to ensure they had plenty of liquidity to weather the storms for several years, but the net result was it significantly slowed the overall economic recovery by as much as a decade.
So yes, in a deflationary system the people who hold become more wealthy.
But the vast majority of people will become worse off, and we are back to income inequality.
But because Bitcoin is accessible now, "anyone can get in" and so anyone has the chance to be one of the elite few in the coming years.
So.... are we in effect creating a bunch of memes about how Bitcoin is going to level the playing field in order to pat ourselves on the back for being so smart that we can get in on the ground floor -- unlike those *stupid idiots who just don't put in the effort* -- the same ones we will all supposedly laugh at while we drive lambos on the moon?
Because if so, then how are our future selves any different from the power brokers of today?
*Edit* Shit I scrolled [just a few comments down]( and found this:


If the system turns to shit, at least we'll come out on top.
@_date: 2017-09-20 21:44:08
I was thinking that too. But I also think it would be a change to the POW difficulty due to the loss of hashrate if miners are banned. 
But then people would buy up the ASICS on fire sale to use them for advantage as soon as the difficulty fell, driving the difficulty back up in two weeks. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:37:46
That's kind of hilarious.
It sounds like they decided they need a new PayPal that only deals in Rubles, and decided to add the word "crypto" to it to make it sound hip.
There's literally no need for this. Centralized systems are *far* more efficient and effective at this. Cryptocurrencies are designed to optimize for survivability not efficiency. When the state dictates the whole thing they might as well dictate that companies use RublePal and it would be way more cost effective for them to implement.
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:09:02


Ok, so Keynesian is the best fit then? It is the dominant model, so it "wins" by that account.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:53:00
HA! I know the feeling. :)
What do you mean "by using the hedge account" ? Haven't encountered that term before.
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:46:47
Nice Full Metal Jacket reference! I would not have thought of that.
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:36:15
What Satoshi means there is that the dishonest nodes would have to "outrun" the honest nodes in the proof of work guessing game. If there are enough honest nodes on the network that would be computationally infeasible, because the likelihood (at this point) of any one node guessing correctly is about once every year or two, while with the large number of nodes all simultaneously guessing the rate is about every ten minutes network wide.
So there would have to be enough dishonest nodes to "out-compute" the remaining nodes' hashpower.
The key is the dishonest nodes have to win the race every time within ten minutes or less. Hence the need to go "faster" than the rest of the network -- because the dishonest nodes must answer the PoW puzzle first and distribute their blocks. (And if multiple nodes answer the puzzle and begin disseminating their version of the chain, receiving nodes who received the second chain first will begin working on it but will discard the second chain once they eventually receive the first chain with the earlier PoW timestamp.)
The odds of a minority of dishonest nodes being able to outrun the rest of the network, many times in succession, with less than ten minutes to guess each puzzle, is infinitely small.
And if a majority of nodes are dishonest yes they can "win" but other players will detect it and abandon the system resulting in a crash in value. So the attackers spent all that money to dominate the network and "win" only to be left with a worthless coin.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:31:34
Interesting, never heard of the FIBER network before.
New transactions *are* broadcast by all nodes though, that's how they propagate, right? Only the miners add them into blocks -- nodes are just relays.
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:40:36
Because that entire discussion is about NXT. To me its interesting to see that the people working on IOTA were old-school Bitcoiners who moved in a different direction.
It's a sign that IOTA has some serious development behind it. A lot of "shitcoins" are pump and dump schemes. A lot of people also thought NXT had real potential and was an interesting experiment. Around 2014 is when they started working on IOTA and the DAG architecture as an alternative to blockchain.
I'm disappointed in the devs' public arguments with outsiders lately, it makes them look immature, but the math is solid and their projects with industry are about to go production ready. I just wish they would focus on one thing instead of trying to solve every problem simultaneously with ternary. Should focus on minimum viable product first.
@_date: 2017-10-02 03:37:53
I'm confused. First you say you want them to create a strictly deflationary currency, then you point out how it is destructive to the economy.
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:32:06
Exactly. I think people are confusing the word "nodes" in the paper. The paper refers to miners as nodes because the original intent was to have as many people mining as possible. ASICs distorted that system beyond its design to the point it could be considered centralized and thus broken.
But fundamentally, when the whitepaper refers to nodes validating the chain, it is referring to one of two things:
* miners validating the incoming single block is valid and appending it to their existing chain; or,
* miners validating the incoming longer chain is valid and accepting it.
Validation by full nodes only matters for the person running the node, so they can independently verify transactions before handing over the goods they are selling or whatever. That's it. Non-mining nodes have no effect on network consensus, they are read-only.
The problem is this is the (correct IMO) argument used by the BCH and S2X crowd, but the backers of those chains are in bad faith with the system as a whole and so people throw the (correct) argument out claiming it is false. The argument is correct, and many on the BCH side accept that argument as correct and use it to argue against BTC. Meanwhile the BCH and S2X crowd are heavily manipulated (from what I can tell) by the Jihan/Ver folks behind the scenes. 
So the people on the BCH side are making correct arguments, but their backers have nefarious ends.
At least that's what I see.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:05:42


Ok, but if every miner supports the invalid protocol then the network grinds to a halt with no new blocks mined.
It seems to be *at best* a symbiotic relationship, not a situation where nodes are *more powerful* than miners or vice versa. But instead a situation where the network can't exist without the miners, and the miners make no profit without a large network of nodes *used by people in transactions*. 
If people just put nodes up but don't use them in transactions then there is effectively no real benefit to the "validation" -- in that case you are just running a "validator" that has zero effect on the network at all, right?
@_date: 2017-10-06 21:53:08
Yes exactly. He was discussing double-spending. It was a major focus of his work because **he was the first one to solve the double-spending problem**. So his paper needs to be read with that in mind.
@_date: 2017-10-04 03:32:24
You are replacing an intermediary trusted agent with software. In both cases you are extending transitive trust to the other entity: "I trust interacting with you because [bank trusts you | you run the same software]."
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:04:24
Bullshit. It's a great article.
Besides its a reprint of this article:
Good on nasdaq for providing legit good info on this problem.
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:48:11
Insurance works by literally spreading risk as widely as possible. The only way for insurance to work in our economy with healthcare costs skyrocketing is to have everyone pay in. That or have single payer, which is also everyone paying in. The alternative is people going bankrupt because they get sick. The poor and middle class are then hurt the *most* because they can't afford care.
If you have an alternative to the insurance market, or healthcare, hey I'm all ears.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:09:04
This is the first response I've seen that understood the distinction in trust in these arguments.
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:21:36
Yeah that arrow is messed up. It would be better and more accurate to have it strictly showing advancement from left to right: Google, Amazon, Twitter, Uber, Watson, Bitcoin.
(last two in a tossup IMO)
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:25:51
Things like that have happened in NYSE and others as well, and nobody ran screaming that the sky was falling. They just halted trading, fixed the bug, unwound the trades, and resumed.
Now probably a large part of the calm in those situations is because those exchanges are heavily regulated, vs the current situation with crypto exchanges. So *some* griping should be expected and accepted since crypto doesn't have the same regulatory guarantees of investor safety, meaning a flash crash could in fact have caused serious harm if not dealt with immediately. (but then the exchange would likely have lost virtually all customers immediately, so they have a market incentive to be good players and step up and fix it anyway)
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:52:26
That's a great point too -- early days it was about community not profit.
I'm sure there are a great many tech advances *because of* the corporate takeover, but also a loss of true feeling of community.
Usenet sometimes felt like a real place with real people.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:26:05
Out of curiosity, where are you that will take Bitcoin but not USD? Not that I expect USD to magically be automatically accepted everywhere, but in my experience many are willing to accept it.
@_date: 2017-10-10 03:43:05
No, I quite literally said


The part about the race was only regarding why blocks may not be *full*, not about how large they can actually become. As I understood it that is what was happening to bcash -- they were rushing blocks out the door as block time fell.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:47:55
Yes but if you are monumentally stupid and can't distinguish right from wrong you can be found simply incompetent to stand trial. In a lot of cases (most?) if you are found incompetent to stand trial you can be held in prison until you are "returned to competence." Colorado actually will hold incompetent defendants for the *max* they can be sentenced to, so for example the Batman movie shooter if he had been found incompetent would be held in prison for 12 life sentences until he could be returned to competence to stand trial.
So either way you don't often walk free. Unless I'm missing something.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:48:01
IOTA. Factom. Monero.
IOTA in particular has a *lot* going on behind the scenes, and is building a seriously impressive talent pool. Recent additions include former CIO of UBS Oliver Bussman, and Per Lind who has a ridiculous network of fintech contacts globally. No-fee transactions. And several projects nearing production-ready status early next year. And a data marketplace coming this month.
@_date: 2017-10-17 22:37:39


Um, ok. All I said was how it looks to an objective outsider.


Seriously? You literally just said I can't.


*That's exactly what I did.* ಠ_ಠ


Wait what? I am *not* ok with both sides doing what the S2X side is doing. What the S2X side is doing is *explicitly going against the community adopted practices for managing Bitcoin*.
Show me where the S2X side proposed a BIP and had a public debate? I can't find anything. Segwit was BIP 148 and fell under BIP 9 which established a governance protocol for backwards compatible forks via block signaling. Where is the S2X signaling happening? Are there blocks being mined with S2X markers in them? Are they working in accordance with a BIP? If so, which BIP? If not, then they are *explicitly going against the community adopted practices for managing Bitcoin*.
Now, if you can show me a BIP that went through the right process, and can *clearly show* that Core/Blockstream/whatever manipulated the process unfairly, then I'll take that more seriously.


That's unfortunate, because the discussion has given me a lot of insight into the rational arguments *for* S2X. But I find them to be built on a shaky foundation. If you can show me a BIP that was killed by Core for shady reasons then I'll give your argument more weight. But if you can't, then maybe *you* should consider why you are so strongly supporting something that was developed outside the open community process. 
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:54:20
Well, yes actually that's correct. They brute force guess it.
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:32:46
The two of you are talking past each other without realizing it I think. 
You are right about how transactions work but you are also missing a piece of the puzzle.
After the fork the two chains can potentially be intermingled. Transactions made on one chain can be replayed on the other chain. Because S2X refuses to implement replay protection. Wallets will support one chain or another. So a buyer may send you coins on one chain but you are awaiting payment on the other chain. 
What I think is getting at is that you shouldn't accept the payment until you see it in *your* node and are satisfied it has been long enough to avoid a double spending attack.
I don't think that solves the intermingled chain-replay issue though. That's a serious problem.
@_date: 2017-10-11 17:02:16
So you preferred to plan your future based on illusion and lies instead of the truth?
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:20:47
There may be better calculators out there but this will give you an idea.
Yes Bitcoin solo mining is all-or-nothing -- you solve the puzzle within ten minutes and get all 12.5BTC, or you don't and get nothing. Odds of mining a block are about once every year or two by design. Joining a pool gets you a % payout based on your participation level.
Alts may be more profitable, check the calculator(s).
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:57:51
Ah ok I didn't have audio on at that time either so I just saw the full length, my bad.
In that segment he says Lightning is coming but doesn't want to commit to a date. Someone asks "one year?" and he finally says "ok six months." But the next guy says its more like 18 months. So it's all over the place in terms of timeline.
Am I misunderstanding that? I've seen a lot of proclamations here that Lightning was "just waiting for Segwit" implying its imminent yet here we have a 6-18 month timeline. Given what I know of tech projects and engineers not wanting to oversell and underdeliver I'm assuming the 18 is more realistic, and that is assuming no slips.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:16:00
I've said it before and will say it again. If G20/IMF/etc decide that Bitcoin is a serious threat to fiat currency stability they can *easily* outlaw possession and use. Doing that will be *trivial*. Enforcing it will be harder, but since cryptocurrencies are "only used for drugs and terrorism" as the FUD goes it will be easy to justify crackdowns. If you want to push Bitcoin onto TOR go right ahead, but you just removed 80% of your buyers because (a) its too technical and (b) "it is used by drug dealers and terrorists."
Also, and this isn't necessarily directed at you, but the same people who claim the US is capable of all kinds of crazy world-changing conspiracies to prop up the petrodollar somehow think it will be completely toothless if it is seriously threatened. Just have FVEYES coordinate on fucking up the system over a 5-year period and watch what happens. Pull Stuxnet on the miners. Fuck shit up. It's not only possible, we've done it before, so we'll do it on Tuesday, and it'll only cost you $20 billion.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:12:08
You may not realize that there was also a rival service called MSN from Microsoft. It functioned almost exactly like AOL.
What a *lot* of people don't realize is that Microsoft explicitly tried to position MSN in such a way that *people would not realize there was an Internet at all*. They pushed MSN onto the desktop of the OS to make it the default gateway, and even marketed it as the Microsoft Internet specifically to obfuscate it to people.
What people see today in the struggles for the soul of Bitcoin, many of us went through 20 years ago in the struggles for the soul of the Web. There were many times we almost lost the fight, specifically due to Microsoft and other major companies trying to wall off the Internet and force people into their gated communities.
It's ok to have some centralized services alongside decentralized ones, but people should *always* be made to understand that they have *options*. Anything less is an intentional effort to undermine their free will and block the free flow of information.
Remember, one of the fundamental philosophies driving the creation of both the Web and Bitcoin is that *information wants to be free*. Walling people in and blocking their ability to discover alternatives is an assault on autonomy. But its also marketing 101, and marketers bring the profits for the major corporations. Hence the eternal struggle. Bitcoin is just the latest round of the fight.
We should all also take a cue from the W3C, the bastion of openness and freedom and consensus that guided the creation of all web standards from around 1992 onward. We should view Bitcoin the same way, and understand that there is a revolt happening within the W3C now because it is overruling its participants and forcibly passing DRM "standards" giving blank checks to corporations to wall off even text-based web pages behind DRM encryption. The W3C has been corrupted and the EFF has resigned. 
Those who believe in a utopian future for Bitcoin often fail to acknowledge the very real risks. Bitcoin may well fall due to corruption from within -- potentially on both sides (if one believes Falkvinge) -- so we may be seeing the early rounds of it happening now.
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:39:13
Peter Thiel also said a few years ago:


@_date: 2017-10-06 21:49:47
Please explain how full nodes provide network security. I don't recall anything about that in the whitepaper, only miners providing consensus through proof of work. 
Satoshi himself said via e-mail that the longest chain IS the consensus mechanism. Period.


one.** Nodes that were present may remember that one branch was there first and 
got replaced by another, but there would be no way for them to convince those 
who were not present of this. We can't have subfactions of nodes that cling to 
one branch that they think was first, others that saw another branch first, and 
others that joined later and never saw what happened. **The CPU power 
proof-of-work vote must have the final say. The only way for everyone to stay 
on the same page is to believe that the longest chain is always the valid one, 
no matter what.**
@_date: 2017-09-20 21:45:33
Yes world economic forum. I'm on mobile but you can Google their prediction white papers.
Here it is. 
Its on page 24. They polled industry experts for this report. Expectation is 10% of global gdp will be stored in a blockchain by 2027. At that point gdp is estimated to be $100 trillion. I had to find that second number from another WEF site to get the 10% value. 
Here is one from 2017. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:58:50
The idea of a currency that exists only on the internet being of any assistance to people on the ground in an area that will have no power for weeks and has lost 1,599 of its 1,600 cell towers is kind of absurd.
But a crowdfunded campaign to support a charity? Maybe yeah.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:36:00
Agreed. People who think government will just be blind to crypto and suddenly fall apart are extremely naive. Anyone who understands the basic deliberate and contingency planning process used by the Pentagon understands how government actually plans for things. The DoD has been integrating climate change into its planning for many years now. Social media is considered. Any destabilizing or potentially destabilizing force is planned for. Anything that comes up in the news that may present a threat in the future gets a basic plan put on the shelf to be pulled down later in the event of an emergency and fleshed out quickly. Bet you money crypto would wind up being one of the factors looked at by planners one day, when crypto starts to *actually* become important in the grand scheme.
International politics is often about the leeching of power from one entrenched entity to another (i.e. nations to ISIS, then back to the nations as ISIS collapses). Crypto will be seen as a leeching of power, a financial "insurgency" so to speak, and will be accounted for by planners around the world as a destabilizing force. They will seek to either embrace it or co-opt it (to gain national advantage over others) or destroy it. (they will succeed in destroying some, but not all, and regulating some, but not all)
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:58:02
Because cryptography is fucking hard to understand and fraught with minefields for anyone who isn't seriously technically knowledgeable. Even for experts there are still minefields to watch for.
Expecting any random person to be able to use it when they can't understand where files are at in their computer is a *huuuge* stretch.
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:01:27
Ah ok gotcha, thanks.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:16:32
This is good info, thanks. I'll take a look into it. So you only hold Dash, not even any BTC?
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:48:00
Yes but my point is that *we aren't there yet* and when the slightest misstep can cause you to lose all your wealth there's no way it can get true mass adoption. It will take either extremely robust security in easy-to-use apps, or widespread knowledge of crypto fundamentals and risk management. Like most cypherpunks Satoshi probably preferred the latter option as a better route for long-term stability.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:55:29
Lightning is a layer above Bitcoin that allows two parties to transact back and forth off-chain, and then settle account on-chain at a later time.
Similar to how you go to a store, conduct transactions in cash, and at the end of the day they take the cash to the bank.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:43:04
Go watch the first 2-3 weeks of videos for the Cryptocurrency course on Coursera. Thoroughly explains from step 1 with plenty of diagrams. At a technical level. So as long as you have a basic grasp of public key crypto and digital signatures you should be good.
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:37:14
You are at the perfect age to take real risks because you have your whole life to make up for mistakes. And $200 is nothing, in just a few years you will realize that. I say go for it.
Be aware it can slowly slide down over the next several years. It could lose half its value or more. So in the worst case you lose $100 or so. But it could go up 2x-10x in value, so in the best case you make $200-$2000. I'm pulling these numbers out of thin air but you get the point. Risk/reward is worth it IMO, and worst case is you learn something about investing and crypto and new tech and have a beer story to tell one day about how you "lost it all in bitcoin" -- or how you bought the bar with it. :)
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:14:33
Agreed. I find it highly unlikely they would take a loss like that, but either way pow change seems to be the answer and it would render their ASIC farms useless. Core has already threatened that over the S2X replay issue.
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:25:13
Yes I'm well aware of that. I was referring to the math behind the Tangle itself, not their proprietary hash function. Like I said, I wish they would focus on one killer app instead of trying to be everything at once.
Also they have completely refuted that article and released e-mails showing they communicated with the MIT team and their statements were ignored, with MIT making public claims that had already been addressed directly to them via e-mail. But it still opens them to attack and I think it is a bad play on their part. But maybe I'm wrong on that.
And funny enough Vitalik was bashing them for rolling their own crypto and then just a few weeks later Ethereum announces its own home-rolled crypto. Funny how that worked.
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:40:55


Yes, that is what I was told by the core dev, that there is an implicit "and also use it for transactions" anytime it is mentioned. That, or the people making the statement fundamentally misunderstand how nodes work and *think* they do have real power over miners, which is a statement I've seen made several times around here. That is incorrect and even a first read of the whitepaper will reveal it is incorrect, exactly as you thought. 
But it is also incorrect to say "miners &gt; nodes" too, they are more symbiotic. I don't have time to dig into the source code but supposedly it becomes far clearer when you analyze the code and see how it works. The way it was explained to me is that mining is "layer 1" of Bitcoin but the protocol is "layer 0" and controls the rules for validation etc. That also explains why Lightning is called a "layer 2" tech.


.... I guess? ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:03:01
This is the real advice. People need to build relationships based on trust. 
Look for a life mate like you invest in Bitcoin, based on fundamental analysis (trustworthiness over the long haul/etc) not technical analysis (damn she looks hot tonight/etc).
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:18:12
Nice plug.
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:25:58
It's really sad you think this way. Also sad that there are so many women out there who live up to those stereotypes. But that doesn't mean *all* are. 
Some of us are extremely lucky, and others will be extremely lucky as well.
@_date: 2017-10-17 22:46:18
Non-disclosure simply means they won't make the sale price *public* AFAIK. States will certainly report to the IRS. 
@_date: 2017-10-15 04:14:08


At first glance this (and the previous quote) seem to imply that these farms would be hidden behind "proxies" consisting of one or two nodes. So the bitcoin network would only see the one or two nodes, not the entire server farm. As I understand it right now in a mining farm every node is directly plugged into the network. So here he doesn't seem to be advocating for large numbers of nodes controlled by a few miners.
However, this quote is pretty damn explicit:


I had not seen his bitcointalk posts, only his e-mails. This is interesting.
@_date: 2017-10-02 03:39:18
The gold standard resulted in more frequent, longer, and much more damaging economic depressions. Apart from the 2008 crisis the overall effect since coming off the gold standard has been cycles of expansion and contraction, not total collapse like we had repeatedly with the gold standard.
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:14:51
The way the hash puzzle is set up the odds of any one machine solving the puzzle within the ten minute time limit is about once every year or two. So be prepared for a potentially long wait if mining on your own.
@_date: 2017-10-21 00:16:31
"little fish" spending $25k per paycheck...
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:08:01
Yes and so did I. The term "private" is used to mean any blockchain that is not completely public. It's also called "permissioned" and that's exactly what I'm describing -- a blockchain shared between a few companies in a partnership agreement and only those authorized by the contract (real-world, not "smart") can hook into it.
From the IEEE article:


This is *exactly* the type of setup where all participants who do business with DTCC could benefit from a blockchain. They all get verifiable transaction transparency.


Basically they will use the blockchain to cut implementation costs, i.e. remove humans from the process of validating credit default swaps before executing them. The intent is to make DTCC a simple platform for CDS' and offload writing the contracts to the companies and validation of the contracts to the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:37:36
My understanding is that the PoW difficulty can adjust downward as well as upward to keep the system on 2048 blocks every two weeks. Isn't that correct? If the system hemmorhaged hashrate it should lower the difficulty, but only in two week steps, so it would take time to recover. Not sure how far it would correct downward at a time.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:41:23
I would bet money that the Chinese gov't is aware of who is using those services and tolerates it for some reason. The idea that the NSA can spy on everyone as a boogeyman, yet China which is also a near-equal cyber threat cannot, is absurd. If NSA can run most Tor exit nodes and suck up data for analysis China can do things like it too.
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:29:59
Yes I was around. :)


I think that's a bit of a stretch. My wife is responsible for supporting tens of thousands of people aged 60+ in our state (in a support program, not tech support) and the overwhelming majority of them have no idea how to use a computer. I'm not exaggerating. She is bombarded with calls from people who have never used a computer, or are afraid to, but are in a crisis (family member just died, etc) and all the information they need is now on one of dozens of agency websites and she has to determine what process they need to follow and who to call in each step to make it happen. She sees the "digital divide" every day.
Also, leaving aside those who worked in engineering/tech previously (like the WW2 vet I knew who designed the PAL compiler) for those who *can* figure it out most of that is due to the overwhelming infrastructure that is currently available. That took hundreds of billions of dollars of investment and it was done because millions of people demanded it and there was such a wide-open field of opportunity for disruption. I don't expect hundreds of billions of dollars of investment in Bitcoin infrastructure.
I agree that this is the nascent period for Bitcoin, and it has potential for the future. I remember Justin Hall and Dave Winer and the other first bloggers. I participated in open standards discussions for RSS in Rael Dornfest's group. I was heavily into the ideology and discussions during the birth of the Web, and clearly recall discussions about *saving the soul of free information*.
I've known about Bitcoin since 2010/2011 but didn't dive into really understanding it until recently. And I found that this is the first time since the mid/late 90s that I've seen the same kinds of discussion. Here we have people grappling for *the soul of finance* so to speak and it is frankly exhilarating to be able to take part in such a movement once again. I love it.
But I also look at it through the eyes of someone who is investing in it, and I see a lot of potential issues and risk. Moreso than "the Internet" in the late 90s. The Web/Internet was a *large collection of interoperable tech* while Bitcoin is *one component*. It was hard to kill "the Internet" precisely because it was so large and amorphous, so it was almost destined to always be able to route around obstructions and come out ahead. There was no *one weakness* for the whole Internet. (first DDoS was a wake up call though) Bitcoin is *just one thing* and therefore it can potentially have one weakness, or even a small set of weaknesses. Point is that there is an upper bound on the number of weaknesses that need to be found in Bitcoin to disrupt it, while on the Internet/Web as a whole there really was no upper bound because there were so many competing protocols and tech platforms coming out simultaneously.
I think it is fair to compare *cryptocurrency in general* to the birth of the Internet and Web, but not Bitcoin specifically. 
Bitcoin could follow the trajectory of Google, or Netscape. Or something in between. But Bitcoin maximalists put on blinders and only see one outcome and downplay all possible risks, which is irrational.


Sure and it sounds like great tech. My question is, when is it coming? If you say it was just waiting on segwit and now that segwit is here Lightning is imminent, you should watch this minute or so of interviews: 
Engineers don't want to oversell and underdeliver, so I take the more cautious estimate as more realistic, and that is assuming no schedule slips to the right. The fact that the dev team can't agree on a reasonable timetable is telling. But that is not something maximalists want to discuss because it interferes with *m00n* dreams.
Bitcoin has a ridiculous amount of potential. But to downplay the very serious risks that are out there (including bifurcation into two camps, necessitating trusting one or the other dev team both of which have evidence of compromised interests) seems to me to be foolhardy. Better to seriously analyze the risks so as not to be surprised. I'd rather go slowly and find where the mines are than run through the minefield blindfolded on faith.
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:55:30
It's not an either-or. But if I had to pick just one thing then I would say it's computer science. 
But it relies heavily on cryptography, and couldn't function without it.


Bitcoin sought to solve two fundamental problems:
* Double-spending problem
* [Byzantine Generals problem](
Both were long-standing [computational problems]( solved by Bitcoin. In particular, the Byzantine Generals problem is specific to distributed computing and has to do with developing a mechanism of achieving distributed consensus. Bitcoin invented the blockchain as that consensus mechanism. The blockchain is secured by cryptography, which is backed by mathematical proofs of correctness. (well, mathematical proofs of computational infeasibility, anyway)
Also FYI, computer science is a direct outgrowth of math. But you almost certainly won't find cryptography taught in a math department or "science" (in general) department, it will virtually always be in a computer science department. (And computer science isn't about computers, it's about computation: "Computer science is about computers like astronomy is about telescopes")
@_date: 2017-09-01 01:32:27
Is that full nodes? Do they have a concept of light nodes that don't download the whole blockchain?
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:58:05
Maybe, maybe not. They should, but mistakes happen. I would be very very wary of buying a used car that carfax shows was in the states affected and then transferred out of state around this time, especially if quickly sold from one to another after that. That's how they launder them through the system.
All in all we've had great success with carfax though. Well worth the $50 or whatever it was to do unlimited lookups and get a good 2 year old low-mileage car with one owner.
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:23:18
If the gov't forces exchanges to sign up with ISPs for supercookies then the ISP will be giving a definite identifier of you in your traffic to the exchange. The exchange can then correlate that identifier with every wallet address you send money to. With enough transactions from enough people over time they can begin to guess which addresses are yours and which aren't. Just an idea.
@_date: 2017-10-14 19:51:05
Analogy: 
Imagine storing your coins in a house. The house has a key. You can store your coins in your friend's house, and your friend can open the door for you and let you in to pick up your coins, but your friend owns the keys to his house, not you. He can decide not to let you in. He can also claim that he never agreed to let you store your coins there, that in fact you gave those coins to him, so you lost them. And you can't get them back because you don't have the key to his house. Conversely, if you store your coins in your own house then you own the key and can let yourself in and out anytime you want.
More accurate explanation:
Do you understand the basics of public key cryptography? i.e. the link between public and private keys?
What people call "addresses" in Bitcoin are really just public keys. There is no concept of *you* owning anything on the blockchain -- only that some amount of bitcoins are assigned to each particular public key (address). The person who holds the private key for a given public key can access those coins. The only way coins can be sent from an address is to sign the transaction with that address' private key. This is what proves ownership -- the person who owns the private key corresponding to the public key where the coins are stored is thus the only one authorized to transfer them. (This is also what happens when coins are "hacked" -- someone got access to your private keys and transferred the coins from your public key addresses to their own.)
So leaving the coins on an exchange is leaving them attached to public keys whose corresponding private keys are known only to that exchange. So you technically don't own anything, since you have no way of transferring your coins anywhere without the exchange approving it. If the coins are in your own wallet you own them and can do what you want.
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:19:35
Yeah there's been some written about this in the past month when TX fees were so high. Apparently most wallets don't let you at a fee and they overestimate. So part of the problem was the system was flooded with txs that had high fees because the wallets were progressively increasing fees to ensure they got through. It was reportedly an automated feedback loop. Fees went higher because we raised fees because fees went higher because.......
@_date: 2017-10-04 03:44:20
Oddly enough, I am the one he replied to and I have been divorced, from an extremely selfish nasty bitter vindictive woman. And I don't say that lightly -- she is on at least her fifth husband now and the first three each nearly committed suicide because of her lying, cheating, and emotional manipulation. (I was her first husband)
The fourth one actually went through with it. She was blasting out crybaby eyes on Facebook from her boyfriend's house when her husband was pulled off life support.
And because he was in the military she got $500k insurance payout from it a few weeks later, and immediately blasted on Facebook *This is the best year of my life!!!*
And yet my wife is the single most giving, loving, supportive person I have ever known. She would literally give up everything she has to take care of me without hesitation. I've seen the sacrifices she has made for me and for my (now grown) daughter. She's earned more trust than I could ever give her.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:37:00
The practice of planting landmines in open source software is acting in bad faith in the open source community. It's saying "here's our source, its open so you can trust it, except you can't trust it because we planted bombs that only we can set off." That's the actions of a *proprietary* coder not an open source one. That's analogous to Microsoft's old "embrace and extend" approach where they would "adopt" an open standard but add proprietary features that only worked with their systems. It's also like companies pushing an open standard and then after wide adoption revealing secret patents that affect the software, so now they can go after companies that embedded the software deep into their systems and make millions holding them hostage.


\ golden rule in cryptography is to never write your own crypto functions. The ones that are industry standard now went through *years* of vetting and attacks by the global crypto research community before being accepted as sound. IOTA created their own curl. And really they've done the same with their new "kurl" function which is still just taking an existing and implementing it in ternary. Who knows what vulnerabilities they may have included in the function, intentionally or not?
@_date: 2017-09-08 23:37:46
Infinite growth is impossible. There will come a point where bitcoin reaches its all time high then comes down and never returns.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:43:10
Not every coin is necessarily a shitcoin though. LTC is a pretty stable "bitcoin silver", Monero has unique properties, IOTA has strong tech in a wide open niche, etc.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:00:00
There is absolutely nothing wrong with the way you are thinking. You have your head screwed on right. It's a risk/reward calculation and you are going about it the right way. Nobody can tell you what to do, you have to do what is right for you.
Golden rule  Never invest what you can't afford to lose.
Golden rule  Never invest in something you don't understand.
I'm lightly invested in bitcoin and the swings make me sick, but 99% because I could have gotten in at $25 each and didn't, and laughed when it went to $1k then slid back down since it was "risky as fuck". It then went into a bear market for about 2+ years during which I could have bought in for $200. My brain was screaming at me to pay attention to it and I ignored it. And I regret every bit of it now. But having bought in now, I also understand that hindsight is 20/20 -- when you are *in the middle of it* the swings can drive you crazy, if you spend too much time focusing on it. And since you never know if it is really going up or down, it's easy to say in hindsight "I should have bought at $X" but I could say the same *right now* and had the chance to buy when it dropped to $3k a couple weeks ago and didn't, because it wasn't clear if it was going to bounce back up or if that was the start of the long slide down. So yeah, you never know.
Best bet, if you do go into crypto, is to store it and forget about it for a while. If it goes down you only lost a bit on paper, no losses until you cash out. But if it blows up again you would know because you would start hearing about it on the news again.
Invest in what you know, invest in what you are comfortable with. If you understand crypto and are comfortable with it then go for it. If not feel free to do something else until you become more comfortable with it.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:48:12
Yes but that's not the argument -- the argument is that without miners the chain grinds to a halt and there is no more transaction activity on the network, while nodes validating does nothing to affect the chain itself. Nodes validating is an internal activity.
I gave a separate response that fleshes out the issue more and hopefully explains it to the OP.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:47:31
Satoshi hasn't been heard from since 2014. In fact he last posted shortly before Hal Finney died, and nothing since.
Satoshi was extremely motivated to release Bitcoin and fought like hell to get it going, then handed it over to someone he trusted. It sounds like someone with a terminal illness fighting to get their life's work out into the public before its too late.
Many coins believed to belong to him haven't been touched since 2010.
@_date: 2017-09-21 00:44:24


Lending nearly ground to a halt in the US after the crisis in 2008. It was all over the news. Banks hoarded the bailout cash that was intended to jump-start the economy and even the Bush administration pushed them to restart lending and they only barely budged.


@_date: 2017-09-24 17:43:23


AR. They are planning for future features and giving app devs plenty of CPU to play with and see what they can build on top of it.
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:11:59


Well that's definitely not a red flag.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:39:39


Sure, now convince all the hiring managers out there to go back to requiring only a high school education for entry level positions. I won't hold my breath. And the idea of "bringing back manufacturing jobs" is a pipe dream, since most jobs were lost due to automation and those jobs are never coming back.
So that is a non-answer. And BTW I'm not against student loans either, but I am against *predatory* loans the way the industry is currently structured, where there are incentives to screw students over and keep them in debt for decades.




Do you have a time you would like to return to? Because "laws and regulations" have been affecting the market for a century now. The federal government has been regulating the insurance market since at least the 1930s. So if you pick *any* period between then and now you aren't calling for a deregulated market you are simply disagreeing on *how much* regulation should be required.


Oh come on now, you are smarter than that. Stop playing the "Socialist" strawman. A progressive tax system is not "full Socialist."


I would love to know WHEN that was.


My ex's family is that way. Trust me, you have no idea what I do and don't know. And you have to be aware that your personal anecdotes may well be distorting your thinking into conflating that to everyone. I specifically said those who are lazy should be penalized, while those who are not should be given the chance to improve their lives.
Also, if you feel they shouldn't get that assistance, why do you profit from it?
@_date: 2017-10-17 00:17:58
From what I understand there are over 400 developers who have committed code to bitcoin. It's not just core. But core has the top several devs with the most experience. So it makes sense that the ones with the most experience have the keys to the repository. 
Yes you can fork the Bitcoin repo in github. It's like one click of a button. Then you have a copy of the repo at that point in time. Then YOU own that copy and can control what pull requests you accept. 
But you can't fork the code, make changes to yours, and expect it to magically update the main repo. That'snothowanyofthisworks.jpg
Also that wasn't a duck, I literally said I wasn't here when that was debated, so I don't know. That was straightforward. 
For the UASF, from my understanding it is *user-activated* which means the miners had to *opt in*. They had to signal acceptance in their blocks and once 95% signaled it the lockin occurred. (I was here when that happened, but not for the two years or whatever of debate)
Compare that to what we have seen from the S2X side, which actively markets their variant as an upgrade to bitcoin in an attempt to disguise it. They are conducting a hard fork outside the community approved development process and show no concern for the damage they are causing. It is reckless. 
I get that many on the S2X side disagree with the philosophy that core and the rest of the devs have. That's fine. Disagree. Work within the process to change it. If you can't get them to change, that's fine, you can go off and make your own variant that does what you want. There's nothing wrong with that. 
What S2X is proposing is the same as if, instead of declaring independence, Catalan instead says "we are the true Spain, what you in the rest of the world call Spain are imposters" and went around flying the Spanish flag, sitting in the Spanish desk at the UN, etc. 
Just declare independence bro. You can't say you can't work within the system when the system is specifically designed to allow you to secede any time you want. But if you start taking up arms and attacking the country you seceded from your gonna piss everybody off. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:07:58
I don't think you understand the true power of governments when they choose to really put their effort into something.
UN declares Bitcoin a threat to the global financial system. G20 + IMF impose harsh sanctions upon any nation found harboring miners or exchanges. Protocol blocks mandated on ISPs. Patriot Act-style legislation passed to track down owners. Bitcoin possession and use treated like drug crimes.
Hell if it comes down to it, Bitcoin use and possession punishable by imprisonment. Bitcoin development punishable by death.
If nations get serious, shit gets real. What you see as "jokes" right now is a bunch of countries that haven't collectively chosen to grow some balls. If the petrodollar is threatened by Bitcoin shit can start to happen. 
The scenarios above are unlikely but not impossible. But anyone who believes the government engages in secret conspiracies at Bohemian Grove to invade other countries just to prop up the petrodollar, better assume that same government is capable of the same level of conspiracy and violence against Bitcoin if it decides to do it.
@_date: 2017-09-07 00:34:32
Oh! my mistake. :)
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:00:21
Ah I see. I meant *unfortunately* in the sense of its impact on public perception. Not that I endorse any of those activities, some are certainly far more harmful than others, but it was probably necessary to bootstrap the networks in each of those cases. Somebody had to start using technology X in order to get technology X off the ground, and often it is these groups that embrace new tech first. Then it spreads out to the wider society from there.
@_date: 2017-09-19 18:17:58
Keep in mind that guy has a strong incentive to make his claims, because he lost a lot of money betting against Chinese currency and wants to save face and possibly be able to recoup profits if he can convince enough people it is in grave danger.
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:39:25
Great! Then we will all acquire the currency and never spend it because we are guaranteed to make money as long as we hold it. Economic halt guaranteed!
@_date: 2017-10-12 01:55:12


This is exactly what Trump is trying to cause by relaxing the individual mandate requirements of the ACA. He will implode the ACA and scream that it is all Obama's fault, instead of taking basic steps to shore it up and spread the risk.
If the market collapses it will happen in large part due to his actions. (on top of hurricanes/fires/etc)
@_date: 2017-10-16 23:53:33
They haven't held them. That site shows how many they received overall I believe. But it also gives their final balance as 7.5BTC. 
They had 23 until May. Wikileaks paid somebody $30k for something. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:52:40
Sure, and a big part of the reason the poor often are locked into poverty is because they only have access to substandard services. So they pay more in the long run than someone with access to better services, meaning they can never escape the cycle of poverty. So their kids are born into poverty, and they create more kids who remain in poverty. And since poverty breeds crime and social deviance in general, this is perpetuating a problem that can't be solved by building more prisons.
You say that young people shouldn't be forced to buy insurance they don't want. Ok, but the problem is that simply by living we are all in a lottery where the "winner" goes bankrupt due to a sudden illness, or an accident caused by someone else, etc.
Giving everyone a guaranteed minimum safety net helps eliminate the stress of "winning" that lottery and allows people to actually work on improving their lives, which results in a net gain for GDP because they are more economically productive.
Note that I'm not saying people should be rewarded for being lazy -- people should have a safety net, not a prop. But they also need opportunities and education and jobs, and with the education system requiring mortgage-level investment for entry-level jobs that don't pay enough to repay the loans and secure healthcare, the entire society is skewing out of whack. (And I think we will see an implosion of the education loan industry first -- it has destroyed the purchasing power of an entire generation, so car purchases and now home purchases are threatened as a result.)
And with the increasing automation of society that is coming there will be even fewer jobs available, resulting in mass unemployment. Without adjustments to the social system to adapt to the new realities there will likely be explosions in crime and other social deviance. 
And all those people vote, based on emotions and empty stomachs, not logic and ideals.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:57:16
But the underlying human factors are virtually identical. That's the point.
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:09:50
People are making fun of you, but I remember saying the same kinds of things in the 90s and early 2000s. Streaming music, streaming video, 3d printing, social media, smartphones, nanotech.
Always an observer though. Didn't invest. Dammit.
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:39:02


It takes a significant capital investment to mine bitcoin now. I don't see how they can be replaced quickly enough.
@_date: 2017-10-07 17:20:19


Fair point. My argument comes from the side. But that said I notice on a reread that the Satoshi paper seemingly explicitly endorses the S2X miners-are-voters argument.
I'm of the opinion that *both sides* of the debate may well have bad intentions. The Jihan/Ver side seems shifty as shit, but Falkvinge has come out with a very strong argument that Blockstream's behavior looks *exactly* like a company that is trying to embed proprietary patented tech into an open system. He saw that same behavior many times over the past 20-30 years and sees it in Blockstream now. And so far I've seen no answers to his specific criticism.
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:12:10
On a scale of the Dude to the Moon, just how fucking high are you right now?
The whitepaper is pretty straightforward. Satoshi was brilliant in building on several other ideas, but the foundation was already laid it just took someone to spend time trying different things to put the pieces together in the right order. He didn't really *invent* much in the way of new ideas. This wasn't a Manhattan Project, it was the project of a graduate student or PhD student who became obsessed with the cypherpunk culture and ideology and spent many increasingly paranoid caffeinated nights working on some tough problems.
@_date: 2017-10-12 01:19:56


That's not true at all. Economic cycles have existed forever, and bank panics have occurred for at least 400 years now.


You can argue that central banking *exacerbates* booms and busts, but can't claim it *started* them.
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:35:35
If they invested $2k in 2013 they could have today:
* $90k if they invested in June 2013
* $9k if they invested in Dec 2013
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:13:30
The IRS has announced they are doing this, contracting with a company that *claims* it has identified 25% of account holders.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:14:30
Asking if it will dip again is like asking when you will fart again. Nobody really knows. Technically it is dipping right now from its all time high of $5800 but nobody knows if it will go back up over $5800 or not. I think it almost certainly will go back up, lots of hype because of the fork and people thinking they will get free money airdropped from the fork. After the fork I expect some of the frenzy to die down. But that's just me, I'm no expert by any stretch. I just read what others say.
For cash to bitcoin you could use localbitcoins and buy directly from someone in person, not sure what the going rate is but last I checked in my area it was like a 25% markup which was ridiculous. Instead you could put it on a credit or prepaid debit card and buy from Coinbase with the card, they have like a $200-250 weekly limit on card buys. Or do an ACH bank transfer, but that can take a week. I've used my debit card at Coinbase before.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:28:55
I didn't either, until I saw the Bitcoin Magazine mentioned in the last sentence. So I googled the title and it popped right up. If it hadn't mentioned that I wouldn't have known, and wouldn't have read it in the byline certainly.
Kind of odd that nasdaq copypasted an article like that. But still good to get the word out.
And it taught me about the BTG fork -- it's only been mentioned a few times around here and it wasn't clear what it was or when it was happening, S2X gets all the attention.
Incidentally I've read at least one self-proclaimed whale attributes all of the recent price rise directly to BTG and S2X, claiming he personally has dumped hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of other coins to buy more BTC to get the free airdrops and knows many other whales who have done so as well, and expects the price to go back down after the fork(s). So at least that is one voice putting the current price as an artificial bubble caused by the forks.
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:21:44
Well I guess when your wife sacrifices to be with you and sticks with you through every life-changing problem you've ever encountered you tend to believe she really means it.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:33:36
Wait a minute. I'm agreeing with your general argument, but earlier you said you had determined that 1600 was a total fabrication. Now you say you only found issue with one and it isn't even confirmed. 
With all your very precise argumentation so far I find it odd that you adamantly inflated one possible into all 1600....
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:59:14
I heard about Bitcoin off and on back to 2010/2011 but never got into it. This summer I decided to do a research thesis on blockchain tech so I needed to learn about it, and of course the best way to learn about it is to learn where it came from. So I spent a couple months reading a shitload of academic papers and articles, starting with the Bitcoin paper. Also lots of videos online, discussion groups in various places. And Coursera has a good course on cryptocurrencies and a good one on cryptography as well. The crypto course has you write a very simple cryptocurrency in the first assignment I believe, but the course doesn't really give you enough to go on to take their template Java code and extend it to make the coin. But if you are sharp with Java you can probably figure it out. I skipped it.
And of course reading shitloads here and elsewhere.
I got into buying it because of FOMO when it went from $2500 to $3500 in a couple weeks. At that point I was sold on blockchain and bitcoin tech anyway so it was easy to justify.
Favorite early site:   This guy has very solid investing advice IMO and he diversifies across numerous alts as well.
  &lt;-- IMPORTANT
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:35:27
By that analysis the price should crash back down to around $1-2k, depending on assuming the bubble started last fall (slow climb) or spring (accelerated).
Do you see it the same way? Or am I off the mark?
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:16:18
It's not BS at all. And I have read the whitepaper, many times actually. It's just a philosophical disagreement over the "right" direction for Bitcoin.
As I understand it the BCH chain is already larger than the Bitcoin chain. WTF how is that scalable at all. Meanwhile segwit is apparently resulting in very fast transactions with very low fees.
Why do you prefer Dash? I honestly don't know anything about it yet, and am curious. Many seem to like it a lot.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:22:52


Can't grow more bitcoins. :)
@_date: 2017-10-12 01:15:04
[Pomegranate alcoholic drinks](
[Green chicks for you](
@_date: 2017-10-14 15:25:18
Wooo IOTA! :D
But it has a lot of problems too. The devs need to get their act together and stop having childish online fights, and focus on shipping a minimum viable product instead of a perpetual beta while they work on a ternary moon shot.


Agreed. There is so much money invested in Bitcoin now that it will be difficult to drop back down to very low levels. And there will be continuing pressure for growth just based on bull psychology if nothing else.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:56:41
Props for being up front about having to trust Szabo. We all need to be honest about these things because we can't all know everything. Too many people on both sides convert statements from their trusted proxy and then repeat them as gospel from the sky with commands to burn the heretics. 
I think there are well intentioned people on both sides, and manipulators and shills on both sides as well. But so far like you I see bad faith from the S2X leadership and it seems the imminent threat. 
Longer term, are you aware Falkvinge says Blockstream is behaving like a company seeking to encumber open standards with secret patents? He is a big blocker so he is biased, and they deny it, but it's a strong argument addressing their own behavior.
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:35:33
The CR won't be mined, it will simply be issued by the state. It's crypto in name only.
@_date: 2017-10-24 04:24:21
Ah ok, I get the double spend attack just didn't recognize it in the term "arbitrary transaction reversals". You should write for  government lol.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:30:32


Ah ok yeah that I get. It seemed like you meant something else at first.


How can that happen?
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:34:02
RemindMe! 12 hours
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:17:59
cryptoruble is paypal with a buzzword name. That's it.
cryptoruble != all private blockchains.
"Anything other than bitcoin" != private blockchain.
You are conflating things that do not belong together.
@_date: 2017-10-24 04:04:04
If the upper bound is fixed then there is a hard cap on the interest that can be earned. So its a no go for the kind of economic growth we've enjoyed for decades now. You can argue that it may be *better* but that would be arguing against trillions of dollars in economic power that a large chunk of the world population are accustomed to benefiting from.
@_date: 2017-09-20 04:33:55
The poor in totalitarian countries need to eat and every penny they put into any crypto is one less they can put toward bread and one more they may never see again due to gov't crackdowns.
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:27:26
Then why is this sub panicking about the S2X nodes and replay attacks? If the blocks will be ignored then there is no replay attack possible. And yet it is considered a serious threat.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:50:25
Have you tried Coinbase, Bitfinex, etc? Also what about the other idea, have someone else buy it for you and transfer it to your own local wallet and you hand them the cash.
@_date: 2017-10-22 18:51:15
Ah ok I see -- I was trying to provide more insight into what I thought their underlying argument was because I literally had the exact same question and argument until yesterday when it was finally answered for me.
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:28:11
Gotcha thanks.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:46:33
I had this exact question many times and it wasn't until yesterday that it was cleared up for me, by Luke Dash the core dev no less.
Basically every time you see this recommendation you should add "... and use the node to conduct your daily transactions" otherwise as you said it is simply a read-only zombie doing nothing much.
Miners and nodes have a symbiotic relationship: the chain doesn't exist without miners so without them the network grinds to a halt, but without the nodes there is nobody performing transactions so the value tanks and the miners go bankrupt.
It's not "nodes &gt; miners" like some say, it's "nodes AND miners TOGETHER make the network" instead.
The problem right now is that the network is heavily centralized with miners, so if people run full nodes AND USE THEM FOR THEIR TRANSACTIONS they are helping to balance control of the network.
At least that's how I understand it.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:05:34
Keep in mind it is very possible the price is artificially inflated right now. There is a major hype bubble going on. Rational expectation calls for a downward price correction, possibly a major one. Some of the bubble was fueled by people buying BTC to in turn buy into ICOs which are now coming under stricter scrutiny and possible regulation. Some of it was fueled by hype about the forks (Bitcoin Cash and S2X, the latter which may not happen after all) since owning coins before the fork basically airdrops free coins when the fork happens. So there is a rush to buy before each fork. The general consensus is that it should lead to a fall in price after each fork. But after Bitcoin Cash forked in August the price kept rising, possibly because Segwit was implemented without breaking the network (showing strength of the network) and partly because it didn't collapse due to a hashpower revolt that was predicted by the BCash side (but didn't really occur). Plus people were prepping for the bigger S2X fork and subsequent airdop of coins. So there's speculation that the price is repeatedly propped up artificially. Of course, if S2X does not in fact happen and then Lightning is released it could cause prices to go higher, since it would be a double-shot of confidence in the system's resilience and scalability.
So TLDR who the fuck knows what will happen to the price?  ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-10-16 19:31:15
Except when the economy in which you live is 99.99% run on fiat. Like every country currently is. You can't eat bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:35:06
Please show me such a thread where he said that. I read his publicly available emails and didn't see that but maybe I missed it. I'd really like to see that. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:38:33
Awesome glad to hear it. Several others here have vouched for you guys.
I don't live near you, just passing along general info since I was burned on a flooded car years ago. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:51:51
Wrong mentality. Gain and lose in the short term.
No worries though, I stress about it too. If it goes down I'm sick that I lost money, if it goes up I'm sick that I didn't buy more. Oh well.
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:31:19
Wow a reasonable answer that understands the issues.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:19:37
Oh yeah I don't know about that, might be an issue. You can give it a shot though. Not sure about the prepaid card thing either. Could always ask mom/dad/whoever to buy it and you hand them the cash. Just be sure to transfer it immediately to your own wallet. Look into paper wallets for longterm storage. I haven't used a paper wallet yet but my coin is definitely not on the exchange anymore. Too risky. Coinbase is tied up in the S2X fork drama, so there could be a problem if you leave the coin on the exchange. Plus anytime you leave the coin on an exchange you are taking the chance that they won't go under. They are a rock-solid company by reputation, but still.
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:29:48
You seem to forget the case where the woman hid the fact she won a $1 million lottery then filed for divorce. When the judge found out he awarded 100% of the winnings to the husband.
And if the judge thinks you are lying he will just find you in contempt of court and put you in jail until you cough it up.
So yeah, good luck with that.
@_date: 2017-10-16 19:44:45
I don't disagree with you, but then maybe Satoshi shouldn't have called it cash. That would have avoided a shitload of drama we see now.
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:39:18
Agreed, it is broken. The wealthy should pay a % to subsidize the cost for the poor and middle class. That is the social safety net in action.
Instead, over the last 40 years the tax rates for the wealthiest has fallen dramatically and wealth inequality has skyrocketed. The ones benefiting from all the growth in GDP is the top few % of the country. Meanwhile wages have stagnated, the Millenial generation is being fucked, and the gap between not just middle class and wealthy but between poor/working class and lowest tier of the middle class is widening faster and faster. That means many of the poor *can't get out of their situation*.
You say the poor want the same treatment as the rich. I say they want *basic preventive care* so they can actually be healthier and more productive and provide for their families. You are pulling up the "lazy poor" argument which doesn't hold up to scrutiny. (Certainly there *are* lazy people, in all brackets, and they should be penalized, but that doesn't generalize to "all" of the poor. Those who *want* to work and succeed should have the opportunity.)
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:16:41
He's assuming about 10x growth, so if you want $500 he implies investing $20-80 to get there. Not everyone agrees with that growth, but then a lot of people thought it couldn't get to its current position either.
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:34:23
Good point.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:07:27
Bitcoin was illegal in Russia until recently.




@_date: 2017-07-29 16:57:53
I've learned a hell of a lot about bitcoin recently and am very aware of the trustlessness of the system. Including reading many papers including Satoshi's and digging into the architecture of the system. So while I'm no expert I do think I understand it better than the average beginner. But I was not aware of the extent of the computation power of the network. I had a suspicion it was that large but that's all. That's why I did say "even if not" and addressed many other attack vectors as well.
My point really is that it comes down to an issue of political will. If countries have the political will they will just outlaw Bitcoin and seize the nodes. Yes I'm aware it can't be "stopped" just like the Pirate Bay isn't "stopped" but at the same time it is increasingly marginalized. And marginalization would reduce the number of users which impacts the economic network effect of the system (in keeping with Metcalfe's law).
So a concerted attack doesn't have to be purely computational -- it would likely be multi-fronted, i.e. legal, political, PR, financial, etc. Think sanctions punishing Bitcoin users, marginalizing them from the economy, legal and other ramifications against those who violate the sanctions, etc.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:34:00
Right, but my point is that by FUDing it helps keep it out of widespread adoption, which prevents the value from going higher. If it is "delegitimized" in the minds of most people then they won't put any faith and value in it, regardless of how technically sound it is.
I'm certain there are people who would still use it, but wouldn't you agree something like that would severely dampen its valuation?
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:01:52
Admittedly I don't really know anything about the exchanges yet.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:13:08
Why would it be futile? Applying the vast computational power of the NSA to a 51% attack could (maybe...) be feasible. But even if not, the reason Bitcoin has any value at all is solely because of people's faith in the system. It's not infeasible that a Western power could seek to FUD the Bitcoin system through an ongoing multiprong campaign: push media stories and legislation implying that only criminals use bitcoin; as an advanced persistent threat (like the NSA/GCQ) hack nodes to steal PKs to stage a theft; publicize hacks anonymously to ensure the public knows nodes are vulnerable; pay off other countries to do the same, etc. Basically attack people's *faith* instead of the cryptography or the system itself. Companies and governments do that all the time through PR.
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:47:51
Ok seriously now, what is a *realistic* upper estimate of bitcoin value in three years? I'm guessing maybe *double* what it is now? Which is still an incredible ROI but nowhere near the ridiculous estimates being put out.
I just read an article from a few months ago that Russia is considering legitimizing bitcoin in 2018, removing criminal penalties for using it. So I would assume that would drive the value up a bit. And if a gov't actually gets on board behind it then the value could shoot up.
But $300k makes no sense.
@_date: 2017-07-29 16:59:24
What is that based on?
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:03:12
Yeah I don't think zero or near-zero is feasible, and even if it were that would be a massive buying opportunity with essentially no risk which would drive the price immediately back up.
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:04:20
I'm actually interested in how gov't regulation and mining could affect the price. On the one hand it would legitimize it and drive the value up, on the other hand it could put a cap on growth. But either way "only" 10x growth is still 10x growth.
@_date: 2017-07-28 17:10:03
This is also all assuming some government doesn't step in and attempt to try to regulate bitcoin in some manner.
I know the idea is that new bitcoins will run out in 2140 and ultimately be deflationary as people forget their keys / die / etc.
But there is nothing really preventing a group of nations (e.g. G20) from getting together, coercing the community to allow them to "mint" more coins on an as-needed basis just like the Fed does now.
I don't see that happening anytime soon. But there will probably be at least some increasing discussion in the coming years of doing something like that.
If anyone thinks it can never happen, they said that with the gold standard too.
@_date: 2017-07-28 18:16:41
I think that's a fair assessment. I'm not an economist by any stretch but have definitely been thinking along the same lines.
China and Russia could come together and push for the BTC to become the oil currency / global reserve in order to undermine the USD. That would be huge.
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:01:09
I am very aware of the pirate bay. But how many people *actually* use it? Out of billions of people on the planet? The idea of bitcoin is to become a standard currency or even a viable reserve currency for global commerce. That would require mass acceptance.
I'm not saying it can't happen, and I think it would be cool if it did. 
If there's something specific I'm missing please fill me in, I'd love to know where my gaps are.
@_date: 2017-07-29 15:34:20
Well like I said elsewhere, governments conducting a FUD attack to undermine faith in it as a system of currency.
@_date: 2017-07-29 16:51:43
Well that's interesting. All I was able to find was that it was outlawed to crack down on money laundering. Thanks for clarifying.
@_date: 2017-07-28 17:16:51
But if that were the case then "real" institutional investors would have already figured that out, and the price would already be driven up close to that. Because they would realize the current price is a steal, buy it up, and drive the price up in the process.
The fact that the price hovers around the $2-4k range says that is the (current) equilibrium price point set by the serious investors. I doubt the real investors are on reddit, so we are just random speculators really. That's the danger I'm seeing, especially with the fork coming. I just learned about the fork a few days ago and I've already seen claims ranging from a crash to zero up to McAfee's $300k.
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:07:21
No, because then the difficulty would adjust downward. There would be turbulence since it would take a while but eventually it should settle down.
If they control the miners, either directly (seizing assets) or indirectly (miners can only sell BTC to the gov't at half price) they then control the hashpower. 
And they can dump coins anytime to tank the market.