@_author: doctorfoo
@_date: 2014-07-24 17:09:40
Genjix - everybody's forgotten about Bitcoinica, right? lol.
Stop being an angry cunt, getting into arguments, and just keep fighting. You do good work. Isn't Mike working on some decentralised dev funding system? (Lighthouse?) I don't know if that works or not, but it's something you guys could work on. I'd love to help fund more projects such as yours, I backed Dark Wallet... Even fund a full time dev devoted to anonymity or some such. I never joined the foundation, but if some kind of equivilant existed that backed community voted goals from recurring donations...
Continueing to insult people just makes you look like an idiot. To the typical person, Mike Hearn and others appear as perfectly reasonable guys.
You might want to be more subtle about your aims (it's "fungibility", not "anonymity", dammit), you won't be helping the revolution much when you're in a US detention camp. Which seems sadly inevitable to me, along with that Cody guy.
If Bitcoin is marketed with anarchist trappings, it will be dead in the water over night and not used at all by the common person. You might not fear to use it, but the common person (who could benefit from an alternative to the banking system) WILL fear to. Step one, crypto currency for the masses. Step two: Hey, check out this "Dark Wallet" software, it's more secure and private!
This is all advice, not orders.
Thanks for selling me my first bitcoins on Britcoin. You're fucking awesome mate. But a bit of a nutter, continually poking the big ol' grizzly bear when you could just sneak around it.
@_date: 2014-11-26 12:03:11
This is why we need more merchants coming on board, and increased price stability. With those two things, there would be no need to leave the bitcoin ecosystem, and the image could be true.
On the receiver side, if you are willing to only buy from select stores, it can be true already.
On the sender side, you either need to have been holding a stash of BTC or be getting paid in or gifted Bitcoin for it to be true. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 16:00:21
I think I agree with you, but there's really no need to be so rude about it or pull "privilege" all over the shop. Replace "common person" in my comment with "common first world person, who pays his taxes and feels obliged to abide by the law".
@_date: 2014-06-24 10:28:53
Yes, it's hoarding. (But not pumping and dumping.) There's no problem with this. Some people actually call it "saving".
@_date: 2015-05-08 11:32:13
Also, from the p2pfoundation link you posted as some kind of evidence:
"It's completely decentralized, with no central server or trusted parties"
Satoshi's statement is that there is no central server or trusted parties, and this holds true more or less irrespective of the amount of actual nodes.
"Appropriate limits" doesn't really appear "essential" to the system as described by Satoshi in the link you provide.
Perhaps I'm cherry picking to fit my vision - but so are you.
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:56:37
Where's your patch to increase to only 2 MB then? I don't see it.
Rather, the truth is you believe in waiting to see what happens with a transaction marketplace. Which is an entirely different goal and ideology than simply believing 2000% increase is too much.
Be honest about your motives.
You're also cherry picking about what Bitcoin was "envisioned" as.
@_date: 2015-05-08 11:22:37
You're pretty patronising towards non devs. The fixed supply / known inflation is and always has been key to Bitcoin.
You know full well a PR campaign from Gavin advertising increased inflation would go down *terribly* and ruin his image. (If you don't know that, then you are completely out of touch with the actual *users*.)
Limits on transactions has never been key to Bitcoin, and arguably the opposite is the case, an alternative money was promised and everything that entails (huge global usage).
Decentralisation *may* be key to Bitcoin. But don't pretend it's anything other than a painful balancing act. And try to get in the head of a current user, please: The *real* fact is we are getting near to the 1 MB limit. The hand wavy scary non-fact is that decentralisation is being reduced. (There may be less nodes, but that is irrelevant unless you know precisely how many nodes are required to guarantee decentralisation and even whether double the nodes means double the decentralisation. As of yet, no jack booted thugs are kicking down data centre doors, and your cries of "muh decentralisation" seem little more than FUD).
The evidence of our eyes says there is one real problem, and one highly political scare mongering thing that may or may not be a problem, and if it even is, then it has never been precisely defined and presented to the users in the same way that restrictions on the number of transactions are a very obvious and clearly understandable threat to Bitcoin's future growth.
(I await your post on bitcointalk with actual data regarding levels of Bitcoin nodes that will exist at different block sizes, and some kind of explanations on how "small" numbers of full nodes is somehow worse than most people not running their own mail servers.)
@_date: 2012-08-31 23:01:29
@_date: 2015-02-01 17:45:45
Too powerful a weapon.