@_author: doctorow
@_date: 2012-12-03 11:48:16
First of all, thank you for your generosity. It's great to hear you'd like to support my work financially!
A couple points of clarity:
1. I don't accept donations at all. My publisher makes huge investments in my books and I don't want to screw them out of their share. To give you a sense of what I get from my publisher, here's a short, incomplete list:
- a big advance that lets me work long hours on the book without having to work a day job
- substantial editorial services, including the skilled advice of my editor, Patrick Nielsen Hayden (whose day rate is way out of my ability to pay for on my own), as well as the copyeditor, proofreader, typesetter, cover artist, ebook formats specialist, and marketing copywriter and designers
- marketing and publicity, including an all-expenses-paid, 18-city, 6-week tour; national advertising, management of several press interviews, and booking in and managing dozens of school presentation
There's no good way at present for me to accept direct donations and remit to my publisher for them, since the sums involved from donations would easily be eclipsed by the accountancy costs at both my publisher's side and mine (It's stupid to accept $20 from you if it costs us $30 to process it).
2. I *do* direct-sell my audiobook, by arrangement with Random House Audio. I remit a wholesale payment for them for each book. I do this even though it doesn't make much money, because the industry doesn't really have *any* retail channel where you can just exchange a credit-card for a DRM-free, EULA-free audiobook MP3 or Ogg. I refuse to sell with DRM, which lets me out of Audible/iTunes, who have mandatory DRM and account for 90% of the market. 
I have no objection to accepting BitCoin for this service, but:
* The WordPress ecommerce plugin I use, e-Shop, doesn't presently support BitCoin, so I'd have to pay my WordPress admin to find another one, install it and test it. Based on the e-Shop experience, I ballpark this at $400 or so
* I would also have to spend at least an hour's worth of time with my accountants making sure that the way I show income from a BitCoin account was legally sufficient, and wouldn't get me in trouble with HMRC (I live in the UK and am very careful to ensure that my taxes are in order, because I've seen firsthand what happens when "artists" decide they don't need to run their businesses in compliance with tax law). Call that $200.
So that's $600 (plus my own time, which is zero-sum -- the time I spend managing this is time I won't spend writing my current project, which is a novella about the characters from Little Brother). That's about the total annual profit from the audiobook business, give or take. OTOH, I will continue to earn some BitCoin revenue in the years that follow. Let's say we'll amortize the expense over three years.
So that means that I'll have to see a rise of 30% over my current sales every year for the next three years in order to just break even on adding BitCoin payment processing. I don't find this a likely outcome (we've got a whopping three comments in this thread, and one is from a troll who hates my guts), but I could be convinced.
OTOH, if you want to really make this a reality, you could make BitCoin integration in existing ecommerce plugins simpler. Rather than lobbying me to accept BitCoin donations, you could look at the top ten WordPress ecommerce plugins and submit code to support BC, or donate money to them to fund BitCoin integration.
If e-Shop supported BitCoin out of the box, it would just be a tick-box for me to add it. I'd still have to talk to my accountants, but that's less than half the overall expense associated with adding support for B/C.