@_author: doctor_hathaway
@_date: 2014-12-16 10:06:30
Luke-jr's attitude towards "spam" is amusing and somewhat hypocritical, given that he placed prayers (i.e., "spam") in block headers mined by his pool.
Reference: 
(I'm an ex-Gentoo user, who left the Gentoo community and ultimately Linux entirely {to FreeBSD} to avoid clueless arrogance of this nature.  I deal with more than enough clueless arrogance at work, thank you very much)
@_date: 2015-05-23 11:52:58
tl;dr: Chinese company cheats foreign "partner".  Lesson learned: don't do business with a China-based entity without getting your lawyers involved early and often.
I've been dealing with two particular large Chinese contract manufacturers for the better part of a decade.  Oh, the stories I could tell if I weren't under NDA ...
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:21:23
I'm afraid that's not anywhere close to true, sorry.
The majority of the attendees at the semi-annual creditors' meeting are Japanese citizens, living in Japan.  We certainly were not paid off before Gox declared bankruptcy.
If you meant "pay off all of their dangerously-connected Japanese customers that have the means to physically harm Karpeles", then you may be correct.  I have often wondered why Karpeles is seemingly unafraid of reprisal.
@_date: 2015-01-02 04:47:45
I strongly suspect that Karpeles was taken into custody right before Tokyo shut down for the new year holiday to prevent him from fleeing prosecution.
He is an extremely high flight risk (per  he has done it once before), and the MPD doesn't take sincere promises that a person-of-interest will behave.  Especially when the PoI is a foreigner with a criminal record.
Karpeles hasn't posted on reddit for the past eight days, which coincides with the start of the holidays.  He appears to have a compulsive need to defend himself (or at least say "I can't comment on matters under investigation") on when he is mentioned, yet he has been silent for the duration.
Why do I think this?  I've lived in Tokyo for over a decade, I helped my wife study for her juris doctorate, and I've heard stories about how the MPD/PAO work.
When my wife read an excerpt of the Yomiuri Shimbun article, she said that the wording indicated that a) the MPD knows who they want to charge with this crime and b) that PoI is either in custody now or will be very soon.
This analysis could be wrong, though.  The MPD could have been kind and allowed Karpeles to leave the country for the holidays even being a PoI in an ongoing investigation.  Stranger things have happened.
(edit: s/Asahi/Yomiuri/)
@_date: 2015-05-01 00:07:30
I honestly think that this data point doesn't get enough attention.
Karpeles was convicted of fraud in France and sentenced to a medium stretch in prison.  He was convicted in absentia and has not returned to France since the conviction (and, hence, has not served his sentence).
How in the world is there any question that Karpeles was (at the very most generous) engaging in extra-legal behavior running MtGox?  Whether he intended harm isn't the question, as the road to hell is paved with good intentions.  Leopards do not change their spots, especially when said leopard has been assessed by various peers as borderline autistic.
What matters is the outcome: a convicted felon magically made a lot of money (Bitcoin and otherwise) disappear ... and not only is still walking around free, but has been white-knighted regarding aspects of his behavior during the US SR investigation.
Amazing.  Simply amazing.