@_author: dodgetheground
@_date: 2019-03-11 20:56:14
Yeah I tried explaining it and it was just a bunch of question marks.  They can’t argue with the results though.  
I could have made more than I did, but I had a goal in mind and once we hit the threshold to make our down payment we took our money and had no regrets.  Nobody’s ever went broke taking a profit.
At any rate, congratulations to you and your family.  I’m really happy for you. 
@_date: 2019-03-11 20:25:28
I also used mine for a down payment on my wife and I’s first home. It saved us 5 years or more of saving or a lousy mortgage with little down.  Thanks BTC &amp; friends for making that happen for us.  What a weird ride. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:52:23
Dismissal, analogy, speculation, cherry picking, bootlicking, and fear.  
@_date: 2017-05-09 23:54:31
The sun actually does have slight perturbation of its position due to gravitational interactions with its planets.  This is partially how we have been able to discover extrasolar planetary bodies.  
I know I've seen bitcoin's valuation and uptake get perturbed by state actions and mass media spotlights.  Let's not fall into the trap of assuming the cow is an ideal sphere for calculating our metabolism here.  
@_date: 2017-07-11 07:21:11
I'll admit, I had a lengthy reply focused on political bologna typed up and realized, from a technical side, that you are right.  
ASICs introduce a huge difficulty wall for potential malicious attackers, even those with sophisticated equipment (state actors).  For a trustless financial system, security is paramount.  For this reason, as I mentioned, I still prefer BTC.  
It is not the resistance to ASICs in LTC that is to be celebrated but rather the attempt to encourage decentralization. I don't feel like LTC quite got it right though.  It's like they tried to treat the symptoms instead of the disease.  
All things being equal, I feel like having 1000 ASICs in 500 different locations is better for overall network security than 2000 ASICs in 2 locations.  Achieving that by essentially forcing GPU mining seems, well, forced.  There's got to be a better solution to encourage decentralization.  
@_date: 2017-07-11 04:23:08
I agree, it does seem undervalued.  
To its favor:
*It has largely the same underlying technology as BTC.  
*It has a maximum issuance of 4x as many coins as BTC.  
*It has a different hashing algorithm that attempts to fight centralization.  
*It has segregated witness activated which might spur some interesting developments in the future that could apply to the larger BTC environment if we also activate.
*It has a long history of relatively stable valuation.
To its disfavor:
*Smaller market adoption and "brand recognition" in terms of services accepting it as a payment vehicle vs BTC.  
*Known developer, I am personally unsure if that places the token at risk of extortion or corruption in the future.
My personal take:
I feel safer with money in BTC (for the moment) but I think it'd be foolish to completely dismiss the competing offerings.  If LTC can successfully pivot to a micro-transaction friendly vehicle while BTC languishes in politics the conversation might change.  Competition and innovation challenges us all to create a better digital economy, no matter what the token is.  We are in uncharted financial waters here at the turning of an age from the industrial economy to information economy.  It's truly anybody's game right now.
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:22:17
What happens to your coins if Coinbase goes belly up without notice and their website disappears overnight?
Store your coins in a wallet you control. Create your paper recovery key on aluminum plates and store them somewhere safe.  Live happy.
@_date: 2017-06-21 16:04:04
A total and rapid systemic collapse of incumbent financial infrastructure would be devastating.  There'd be a panicked glut of people rushing into crypto and a brief period where fabulous profits would be made assuming the network doesn't choke on all the traffic.  
That may be well and good for short term profits but the internet doesn't run on optimistic speculation.  If the overall infrastructure underpinning the internet becomes unreliable because people's wages are worthless all bets are off.  In that case we would have some bigger problems. The kinds of problems that exist between hand and mouth and have numerous simple and violent solutions that the average joe doesn't have to think too hard to implement. 
A slow but inevitable walk to the moon is much more preferable than riding the waves of a wild explosion.  