@_author: dodificationer
@_date: 2013-03-07 04:32:58
Thanks for this, great service!
@_date: 2013-03-24 23:42:18
I'm hoping for exactly this.  
The psychological barrier of $75 is not to big, so hopefully with the influx of new people, it should stabilise around there. 
I don't think $80 is too far out of the picture, but if we do get there, it will probably be late in the week, and it will fall again by Monday.
A new stable level would be great though.
@_date: 2013-03-08 03:12:56
Doesn't the value also come from what people are willing to sell them for?  
The way I see it is that everyone buying in now is buying for medium to long term investment, because they can see how volatile the market is (relative to their experience with bitcoin). They are going to want to sell for $45-$50, because they have seen the price hold around that range, hence those wanting to buy (there will always be new investors, especially as the popularity grows) will have to adjust to the asking price.
TL;DR - Current 'bubble' investors wouldn't want to lose out too much, so they will continue to hold during another 'crash', as the price has been seen to rebound very quickly.
Just my thoughts, I'm by no means a financial expert.
@_date: 2013-03-13 22:22:52
I think that it will end up rising, maybe not up to $100, but certainly past the $50 spike we saw a few weeks ago.  
With all the recent media hype, more people who don't know a lot about the technology behind bitcoin will be wanting to invest, which should lead to a rise in prices.
However, because of the recent fork and resulting downward spike, anyone looking at the history of the market may be scared away by the 'volatile' prices.  
My theory is that this is a good thing, as people are going to be seeing how quickly the market can rebound (2 days later and we're back up to ~$47), so the people wanting to buy in will be thinking of it as a long term investment.  
This (in theory) *should* stabilise the prices, hopefully leading towards another quick upward trend.  
TL;DR - There will probably be a downward correction in the future, but only when long term investors start to sell, which would only be after another significant rise in prices. 