@_author: doesnt_play_vidya
@_date: 2016-01-29 09:05:40
I've read it. It's vague and arguably misleading. The only reason for this proclamation is to promote their control over the protocol. Of course they'd want soft forks, a hard fork right now would mean a consensus outside of theirs and loss of control. A hard fork is also entirely necessary in the future.
Everything that comes from them, from pretty much every channel, is self serving. I would love to get back behind supporting them but in a time of outcry, they showed who they are.
@_date: 2016-01-29 09:20:05
We've maxed out the blockchain and the community has become nearly divided in the process. Who gives a shit about what I want but personally it would be for core to accept doing an increase to 2mb, for the community's sake at this point, and to basically tell Greg to stop being so damn condescending to everyone for a while. He's stressed, I get it. It's part of the issue causing more harm than good.
Yesterday, Voorhees makes a post people respond well to and tried to bridge some gaps. Greg stomps in with his single-minded resolve and shuts everyone down.
I have a fundamental problem with a group of people not listening to their constituents. It's a reason I originally became involved with bitcoin nearly three years ago.
The problem is partially PR but seems mostly agenda/organizational.
Yes, I know Theymos is his own person but he's also self-serving and basically controls the discussion channels.
@_date: 2016-01-29 10:21:50
Hint: It has to do with sidechains. All focus should be on making bitcoin's ledger stronger, larger capacity, safer, etc.
Bitcoin was supposed to be a digital payment system, online gold, electronic cash. It's the vision we all signed up for, and has been functioning as, since it's inception. Now it is supposed to be a balance sheet between counter parties and they want to start the miners fee market already.
The shift is huge. It benefits one thing in particular.... The timeline and necessity of sidechains..
@_date: 2016-01-29 09:30:15
I want the smart people developing bitcoin to continue doing so since I believe their ultimate agenda is to make it succeed. I am not even anti-core or pro-hard fork. I'm anti-whatever core's decision making structure is, how they address others, and - I know Greg loves this one - the obvious conflicted interest 6 core devs created.
I'm pro-community. The community deserves better than verbal belittling and complete disregard. My loss of trust in all of this is fundamentally the same reason I don't trust the government. A group of "smart" people think they know what's best and create conflicts of interest in their favor.
What's kinda ironic is that I've seen this happen a bunch of items before. Developers resent it but they need thought leaders and CEO-type business people because of an internal desire to create the software or product they think is best or most efficient. Those startups fail because they develop the *wrong* thing and/or are unable to market it and build a community.
Core is missing a boss.
@_date: 2017-11-20 18:19:10
I basically have no doubt we'll hit $10k by Christmas. I hope it didn't jinx it.
@_date: 2015-04-26 09:28:59
Yeah it was started by people with massive followers online, it was silly to watch ice water poured on people, and the cause was for charity.
This bitcoin challenge doesn't compare on ANY level. As a wise man once said, "you guys hope too much and think too little."
@_date: 2015-04-26 09:31:48
Please tell me you're a kid with a great imagination, not a single male in his 20s to 40s?
@_date: 2015-04-26 09:26:02
This is the best reply possible.