@_author: dogatemycomputer
@_date: 2018-09-25 01:46:33
I'm not here to criticize Bitfill because any such company is better than none but many of these refills are also available on gyft.com. Advertising you can only refill your DD card on Bitfill is a bit misleading.
@_date: 2018-08-23 20:24:45
The SEC is misreading the law and more than one member, including the Chair, of the SEC agrees. If the basis of the SEC rule change is if the underlying asset can be manipulated then many existing ETFs are in violation of the law and the SEC could technically be sued/liable for economic failures such the housing collapse. The correct reading of the law should be based on the ETFs ability to be manipulated and not the underlying asset. The fact the chair believes the SEC ruling is not based in law means the SEC will probably not defend the rule change in court.
The SEC has 120 days to review an appeal. After that it will go to court and likely the rule change will be made via the courts because the alternatively would open a wide range of other ETFs to legal challenges.
TL;DR.. Law says the SEC can only decide if the ETF shares can be unduely manipulated. SEC is basing their decision on the ability to manipulate Bitcoin (underlying asset) and not the ETF itself. The courts will fix this.
  
@_date: 2018-07-04 23:02:11
I am going to weight in here..   Yeah..   Bitcoin has been amazing for us.  It took a while for word of mouth but we no longer accept debit/credit card payments.   Our company now accepts only crypto and ACH (for recurring customers).    It's not a solution for everyone but if you deal with alot of international customers or chargebacks then crypto is an amazing way to combat fraud, combat currency controls, reduce payment fees and improve sales. 
I should also note we do not use Bitpay or any of those other services for incoming payments.   We use Bitcoin exactly as it was intended.  We actually receive the Bitcoin into our wallet.  The funds are used to pay staff and vendors.  The rest is held as an investment.   
@_date: 2018-07-04 23:11:42
If he accepted cash then would you assume the same thing?   I mean.. seriously..   why would you say something like this?  
Our governments have spent their entire existence brain washing people into believing their dollars/cash are worth holding.  This kind of ignorance is exactly why Bitcoin has become so popular because those intelligent enough to understand how it works and why it's valuable also recognize why paper currency is so problematic.   
I should also add one final note.   Blockchain / Bitcoin is a public database.   For good, or bad, this also means the US Internal Revenue Service, Canada Department of REvenue, China government, India government, etc.. etc.. are all capable of both auditing and tracking Bitcoin payments when converted to something other than crypto.   For this reason alone using Bitcoin as a way to launder money is not exactly a good idea because the moment you convert it to fiat currency the entire payment trail can be traced.    