@_author: dogdule
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:05:35
But what happens when the goals of the project vary? For some people's goals the limit is helpful, for others it is unhelpful.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:40:05


Great point, which I think deserves a submission of its own. I could run a full node on my system, but I don't, simply because Electrum is so much faster and lower resources (including disk space) and instantly syncing and better UI. Much like Tor exit nodes, it's only those highly motivated to support the project who will run full nodes.
A veil has been lifted, and we now see the realistic number of full nodes in a world where people have a large choice of client. The vast majority are choosing ease of use and low system requirements.
Decreases in node count up until today are just not that relevant to the block size debate.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:21:18
Drop in nodes is explainable by precisely ONE thing, which ivory tower, tech deep, developers appear to have little knowledge of:
Ease of use.
Users are running less full nodes simply because they don't have to. Wallets like Electrum and Mycelium are far lighter on system resources, and quicker to get started with. The same would be true if the block size was cut to 100KB. I could run a full node on my current system, but screw that. Even 5% of system CPU going to some background process is unwanted on my day-to-day machine. The same for even a paltry 5 GB of blockchain data which I could be using for cat pictures. Running the full client of a brand new copypaste altcoin is still irritating compared to using Electrum.
Businesses are also running less full nodes because THEY. DON'T. HAVE. TO. Which is quicker: figuring out how to install and configure a bitcoind, or just calling some blockchain.info javascript API or whatever? The latter, by a mile, for the majority of developers. Perhaps not for you, but most just want to make some cool app and aren't viewing everything through some ultra-decentralisation ideology.
The drop in nodes has nothing to do with block size: The full client has never been a lightweight piece of software, and the majority of people only used it because there was simply no alternative.
If you want to actually understand Bitcoin's decentralisation of nodes, you might try making some kind of comparisons with the Tor network and number of relays or exit nodes and its usage. (Twice as old as Bitcoin, widely used, ~6000 relays which can be run by pretty much anyone, ~1000 exit nodes which actually paint you as a target for law enforcement bother.)
@_date: 2015-06-01 12:42:49
This indicates that he considers a certain % of current transactions to be spam, and that they should be reduced.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:52:34
Data. Graphs. This guy is the hero we need.
Come on rusty, code it up. It's not what I want, but it seems like a short term compromise I can't imagine many anti-20MB people finding too much fault with.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:17:23
Why don't you propose 2 MB blocks? Presumably it would shut everyone up until all your Lightning networks are ready.