@_author: dogemichael
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:17:12
Well, I've been talking about Bitcoin since November, but everyone's been pretty distant. Meanwhile, I've actually had a few friends buy DogeCoin off me, and I got one into mining.
For Christmas, I gave one brother 1 Bitcent and another about the same value of DogeCoin. I haven't heard a word about the Bitcoin, but my brother with the DogeCoin had fun with the twitter tip bot and wanted to understand how the blockchain works.
It's got some serious pull. At the very least, I think we can use Doge as a powerful learning tool for cryptocurrencies in general.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:49:02
I keep telling myself to sell before the 10-day, but for the last two I've just been too lazy. So I didn't sell at all and lost those opportunities.
You should never *ever* sell when it's currently low, because then it'll go back up and you're screwed. 
Meanwhile, the market is on a weeks-long downtrend. It would have been paradoxical, but a better way of investing in Bitcoin would have been to not invest at all until the lows on the 6th or the weird crash last night. Otherwise, just take your money out on a high and then wait several weeks for it to reach $500. After the end of the dip, it'll start going up, and eventually gain traction and end up at $2000 or something else ridiculous.
If it crashes entirely, well, you were never really 'in' the market, and you wouldn't lose anything.
@_date: 2014-01-12 09:57:09
But how is that generated? Is the secret key SHA-256 hashed and then RIPEMD-160 hashed and then encoded with a coin-specific algorithm to define the namespace? You can reverse the address back into that RIPEMD-160 hash.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:38:41
They fall every ten days! You need to do one of two things:
1) Invest. Don't even look at it unless you see an obvious down-trend over the course of many days.
2) Watch for clear patterns. If Bitcoin falls every ten days, sell on day 9 even though the price looks very stable. Then boom, you can buy it back in a day when it drops $100.
Another good idea is to never go all-in. Then you can put the rest into some rediculous orders, like at $500/BTC. That would have gone through last night, if you had it set.
These currencies are pretty strongly inflationary right now. They don't make good long-term investments unless they entire market increases. So you can either just hold on to them through hell or high water until you finally see a return, or you can play things very smartly and split up your funds so you've got the power to buy low and sell high.
@_date: 2014-01-12 10:29:21
From what I've read, you could use the same seed to generate addresses for both Bitcoin and DogeCoin, but you'd need software on the client side to convert from one address to the other. There would be no way to know if a particular address was a catch-all, and otherwise you'd risk sending Bitcoins to an inaccessible address derived from a DogeCoin address or vice versa.
So, in short, no.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:41:58
Kittehcoin is new but is still rather valuable. It'll dip a bit more before going through that 10x maturation spike. It seems like a pretty good investment right now.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:08:14
This has always bothered me. Any time I mentioned Bitcoin to people, they say, "Oh, it's $800 each now! I could never afford it!" which makes no logical sense. You can buy $50-worth of Bitcoin, or Litecoin, or DogeCoin, or... Rubles, if you wanted to. The value is the same.
But there we are: You need strong public adoption for network laws to take effect, but the vast population suffers from extreme unit bias and will shy away from Bitcoin.
There are things you can do, I guess: Never refer to 'Bitcoin' again when talking to friends about unit prices. Talk about "milliBitcoin". Put all numbers in milliBitcoin and it'll look much better to them.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:01:56
It does raise interesting questions, though. What use is any of this if we aren't using it? How can we use it without businesses accepting it? Why would businesses accept it if the average person (or 90% of the market, really) isn't using it?
What this boils down to is that this entire concept rests solely on the shoulders of the uneducated everyman. We've built in protections, like the checksums on the addresses, but the program code and peer-to-peer model is the weakest part about this.
So what if Bitcoin has one more ten-times jump, and now everyone is using it, and the current biggest pool ends up with twice the hashing power? What happens when scammers start getting people to use compromised wallet programs? What happens if the devs (the two DogeCoin devs, the Bitcoin Foundation, or any governing body) can change something important and get the majority to switch to what amounts to a different currency?
If DogeCoin falls because of that, I don't see how Bitcoin would fare much better. At best, maybe DogeCoin would act as a sort of buffer and ruin the concept of public cryptocurrency, saving all you investors and early adopters to keep it at the current prices and use it on little sites that pop up here and there accepting the coins.