@_author: dogecoinlover4
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:42:25
the website also uses a 4number pincode which only you would know. and no hacker can withdraw without your 4number pincode. so yeah that's 2FA alright!
@_date: 2016-03-12 03:59:43
it is not my website and i do not own it. if i did own the site, i guarantee you there would be no spelling error because, i am way smarter than you and definitely way smarter than you think. Stop calling me a scam artist or whatever. Not trying to scam anyone, just trying to help by sharing the site i found and its been paying me well. if you want i can send evidence to your email or whatever. don't be foolish now my friend. I am guessing you're an adult. Act like one, don't be a full blown retard. Once again, i do not own the site. If i did, i won't be here talking to you about the site. If i did, i would be spending my time on big scale advertisements on other websites. If i did, i won't spending my time trying to make you --a full blown retard with no respect for a fellow human who is just trying help-- understand. Get off your insecurities already. Shhh! you only sound dumber when you call this a scam and when you still think i own the site. Fix your mindset and your whole retarded orientation before judging someone else. You certainly got issues buddy. Fix yourself first! don't be dumb! 
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:16:55
Try googling the reviews about the site. It is clean. No scam here. i am just like every normal person out here. Just trying to help people. i was skeptical when i found it too. i found it a month ago and invested very little because i didn't trust them. i was thinking they were going to close their website after two days but they have actually been around for 4months now. and i have never had any trouble withdrawing. You should try. i am sure you will end up thanking me.
@_date: 2016-03-11 13:26:19
you should that i'm the admin of this page and i have tried earning money from there myself. working out pretty well for me. i haven't had any issues with them. 
@_date: 2016-03-11 13:11:36
why do you think it's a scam? you haven't tried it. i would post a picture showing my evidence if i could. 
@_date: 2016-03-12 03:35:57
now i am certain you a very much dumb. simple instruction you can't follow. who raised you a retard? you should put yourself to good use. i am very much hurt by your level of ignorance. all i ever want is to help people. 
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:52:51
and why would you think i am trying to fool anyone? You see, insecurity undermines success. This is just an example of how insecurity takes control. i have a stake in the site as well, not trying to sell you some B.S. I am all for the site being legit and even before i invested, i did my research. Do research before being too quick to judge. You're smarter than that. don't be ignorant my friend. At least try before you condemn it. Done talking to you now. a word is enough for the wise. i feel like i am talking to someone way less smarter than me. I wouldn't like to keep saying the same thing to you. It's very hard to make a less smarter person understand anything. But i am sure you're smarter than this. So activate your smartness and do your research before condemning.  :)