@_author: dogeydoge123
@_date: 2015-05-18 12:32:23
OKCoin already has that...and they have it in CNY
guess it's a trend for more superwallets... bitcoin price to the moon!
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:12:16
seems to be working fine here...
@_date: 2015-09-24 09:51:01
itBit probably spent 70% of that on lawyer fees...
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:27:47
One thing OP forgot to mention is that when there are withdrawals, there are also deposits. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 09:19:07
"Peter Thiel: I have to always confess I'm a little bit bearish on Bitcoin in its entirety. I'm biased because when I started Paypal, we set out to create a world currency. We failed. When you fail to do something, you often end up thinking nobody else can do that. So I have a somewhat negative bias on Bitcoin. Let me say my one reason for my negativity - a substantive reason to be negative and give you one piece of advice. The substantive reason to be negative is if you look at the price of bitcoins, the value of bitcoins, it sort of has gone up, it went up a lot, went down a lot in the last year and if you look at the number of media stories about Bitcoin, the chart looks identical. It went up a lot, it's come down a lot. And when you have two charts that look the same, it leads naturally to the question: Is Bitcoin simply a media phenomenon, or is it something real. So that's the general skepticism.
Now if you really want to do something in the Bitcoin space, you want to start a company using Bitcoin technology, I would say a critical question I would have as an investor, is why would I invest in your company rather than Bitcoin itself. Since if the Bitcoin ecosystem will do well, it's much safer, there's more liquidity, and probably also a very high return just to buy bitcoins rather than invest in the equity of a Bitcoin company. This is a question, and I think it's true of all the companies where the value of the company is linked to the value of bitcoins. And that's why most bitcoin entrepreneurs have a very hard time answering that.
So I think the natural vertical to focus on is the vertical where the question can be answered differently. It's those Bitcoin companies where the value does not have anything to do with the value of Bitcoin themselves. Bitcoin companies maybe using the protocol to sort of authenticate a contract or something like that which is not about the value of bitcoins, but more of the technology that Bitcoin has developed itself. But in many cases, I think you're better off investing in bitcoin than Bitcoin companies. So you always have to have a good answer to that question.”