@_author: doglovver
@_date: 2018-09-01 01:10:21
His writing on the history of private money in America is really interesting and totally worth the time to read it. It explains a lot of assumptions we have been told in school in a way that makes a lot of sense, and he also goes into the problems introduced by private money that crypto has largely solved (namely, trust and redemption of the notes).
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:30:09
I love the image that everyone is "someone" except the "slug" in marketing!
@_date: 2017-08-14 05:28:29
It's surprisingly simple, but it can be a little time consuming. Just getting into it, I'd say go simple simple simple. Coinbase is easy and popular. Make an account at coinbase and follow their instructions. They'll ask for pictures of your ID and stuff. There is nothing nefarious in that, they need this so they don't get charged with money laundering. Just follow the instructions. 
Then you'll need to link your bank account to coinbase. Again, follow the instructions. It will take a couple days. If I remember right, they'll make 2 deposits in your account of less than a dollar each. Keep checking on your account online and after a few days you'll see a "pending" transaction of two random deposits. You have to be quick because after a week or so, those deposits will be cancelled--you'll never actually receive the money. Once that happens, you go on your coinbase account and tell them what those amounts are. This let's them know they've got the right bank account and you actually own the account.
Then when you're ready to buy Bitcoin, you go on coinbase and select that you want to wire money from your bank account to coinbase. The reason you do this is that buying with your credit card is really expensive.
A few days later, the money will arrive from your bank account in your coinbase account. Now you're ready to buy a Bitcoin. The way I did it was I sent like, $1000 to coinbase and set up a schedule to buy. I set it up so that I bought $100 worth of Bitcoin every Monday morning for 10 weeks. The reason I did that was I know I'm never going to get the best possible price for Bitcoin. But I also don't want to get the worst possible price. If you buy a small amount across a range of time, you'll get an average "pretty good" price as the value ticks up and down. They call this "dollar-cost averaging". This takes the emotion out of trading and helps us to be more disciplined investors.
@_date: 2017-09-24 03:23:02
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:15:55
Yeah but, holy moly is that thing ugly!