@_author: doiexist
@_date: 2011-07-18 19:15:12
The real problem here is that if you do any sort of reasonable projection on this device, you will probably spend 250btc to get a device that never produces more than 200.
My calculations show that with 12 day periods, starting mining on August 16th or so, you'll earn asymptotically towards 200btc and that's about all.
The problem is assuming 12 day periods would be silly. There are always some 10 day periods when the price bubbles.
This product has terrible value compared to just "buying btc" but since they are charging btc, one should just keep their bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-07-20 17:45:40
I was a bit late to the asicminer thread. And looks I'm late to this one but asic miner, at current BTC prices is a good way to turn 250BTC into 200. 
If you assume 12 day difficulty adjustments (with no 8-10 periods at all, they make it much worse) you'd end up barely eeking out 200BTC. 
This device will only produce more BTC (total ever) than just buying them if BTC starts rapidly loosing popularity.
The ASIC miner might be a cheeper way to get into mining at the moment, but purchasing one of these is simply irrational compared to buying BTC.
If someone disagrees with my math, please point it out to me. If I'm wrong I'd really like to know. (Wouldn't be my first time, see my comment history, I am wrong often).
 I hope to get something up showing my actual math on this soon.
@_date: 2011-04-16 02:00:28
~~No. No. No. No.~~
For most people pooled mining has a higher expected value or higher long term payout.
Pooled mining makes sense when you account for changing difficulty. If you mine with a CPU or slow video card you should join a pool.
Because the difficulty rises about 2% per day, the correct model is a Poisson process where the rate is exponential decaying. You want to get paid as often as possible while the difficulty is increasing. 
If the difficulty were to stop increasing then it doesn't make any sense to be in a pool.
Lastly, the pools are all charing less than 3% and several are 1% or less.
[I'm wrong here as shadow dust pointed out. My apologies] 
The expected values are indeed the same. But for most people solo mining has a ~95% of never generating anything and pooled mining is virtually guaranteed to give you the EV - 0-3% depending on the pool. 
@_date: 2011-03-22 01:03:01
Do you have any sources on this? I'd love to read more about evidence of this phenomenon. 
It makes intuitive sense that we like dollar parity but after doing a lot of math the amount of economic activity that I think should logically be conducted in bitcoins (this is opinion at this point, but I'm assuming very low adhesion numbers like .1% of people doing what's logical) would require bitcoins to be worth between $10 and $50.
I'm very curious how strong this parity barrier could be.
@_date: 2011-04-18 05:27:53
You are correct. Thank you. 
But there is a free pool:  -- the only keep the fees.
For me personally, I've mined 16 blocks and made .78BTC on fees so it would be (.78 / 800) = .0975% lower in the pool vs solo and that's just insignificant.
I'm still solo mining but I'll probably switch at some point.
@_date: 2011-07-20 17:29:30
Ok, RationalArgumentMan. I'm only replying because of your name.
Come on, be rational. 
It's not rational to expect mainstream media to be accurate. It's not part of what keeps them alive.
It's not rational to expect mainstream media to endorse Bitcoins in anyway. They are as likely to endorse Bitcoins as they are Wikileaks. The only thing big media can rationally be expected to support are stories that reinforce their power position and bottom line. Everything else is fodder.
It's not rational to expect an audience with TV level engagement to understand the difference between Bitcoins and a Ponzi scheme.
Change your name to EmotialArgumentMan - Then I'm with you 100%. Because I feel extremely similar. I'd take it a step further and say I hate mainstream media and blame them for much of the way the world is fucked up.
But the one thing I don't claim is that the media is anything other than a "short term, highly self interested, rational organization."
Just look at Murdoch. Cold. Calculating. Without Morals. Empire built on Evil. Crumbling in his Last hour. Hardly irrational.
;tldr - OP is EmotionalArgumentMan in disguise!
@_date: 2011-03-28 03:56:50
Thanks! Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I read reddit every day but don't always log in.
I'm guessing you're in finance.  My background is physics and comp sci so I probably model this a bit like an ass ... but my intuition is to model them like gold. I don't think they actually make a very good currency.
I think they have a very practical use for storing value into the future. They're superior to gold because they have lower transaction costs, rent and are safer and harder to steal. They're inferior because they have a shorter history and could go poof.
From what I can tell the value of gold has nothing to do with it's intrinsic value for industry or cosmetic properties, it's based on it's utility as a very safe wealth store.
Do you have an opinion on the best way to model the value of gold? There are a lot of kooks and theories about it but what method/model are big firms like Goldman Sachs using? 
I'm not at all confident bitcoins wont have their value spiral into nothing but at the moment libertarians love them and while there is a lot of speculation happening, I do think they have a decent chance of maintaining long term value.
So no simulation or anything that fancy. I just want to calculate the utility of bitcoins compared to other wealth stores and calculate what the possible values would likely to be after short term speculators loose interest.
If you have any good reasons why this might be a stupid approach I'd love to hear them! Thanks.