@_author: dojaitea
@_date: 2014-02-13 01:49:03
The simple workaround was posted in one of the early rebuttals by the core developers. Can't remember which article.
@_date: 2014-03-08 13:13:38
How full is your harddisk? You have about so much chance that you can find it back. 8 hours is not that much, even when installing programs. (If you restored your files you're more screwed).
A terabyte harddisk with a full windows installation is about 60GB/1000TB for me. That's more than 90% chance you can recover this.
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:41:13
It's a tree that starts with a lot of branches at the bottom. Every 15 cm two branches grow together. If there is an odd number of branches remaining one branch splits and then regrows. At the end of this very small tree, which generally stays below 3m a single delicious block-fruit grows. 
Somehow there is a thin wirelike tentacle growing to the previous tree that was planted. There seems to be some sort of parasitic influence on the previous tree. Only the strongest tree wins, the others wither and rot.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:37:26
which repo? I'll try to check. 
(Maybe tomorrow, laptop is dying)
@_date: 2014-03-11 23:32:40
Soo out comes the stalking, social engineering and pipe wrench.
Not that I'm a violent person!
@_date: 2014-03-14 11:25:36
Yes it's safe. The generator uses OpenSSL to generate secure random keys.
Lines: 1961-1963 in oclengine.c
* pbatchinc = EC_POINT_new(pgroup);
* poffset = EC_POINT_new(pgroup);
* pseek = EC_POINT_new(pgroup);
And 75-90 in vanitygen.c
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:34:35
The BitCoin protocol is solid. The BitCoin core is solid. Just the representation, how you see the BitCoins is affected. And human wallets correct the representation automatically (by accident). This is what made this bug low priority. 
However, when you start handling money automatically and in large amounts you better be absolutely sure that you implement everything fully and correctly. This means that each bug should be handled before you introduce features. A lot of website did not do that, because it was "good enough" and now is the time to change this. 
This also means since BitCoin isn't a game anymore, every exchange must act professionally. And this is exactly why MtGox has growing pains, it was made as a game. It should have been (re-)made as a company without the old code. For BitCoin-qt and others this means that since it is now a (temporary) problem it should be fixed well and not by "accident". The BitCoin foundation is also trying to fix this so that future companies don't have to think about the problem anymore, "you should have done it yourselves, but now we will do it for everybody". 
@_date: 2014-02-12 09:53:00
Indeed but 1.1, 1.3, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and 1.8 are worse than the current problem.
1.2 and 1.4 are privacy related where there are existing solutions outside BitCoin. 
1.9 is a long term problem with automatic balancing: electricity price and the halvening. There may be an inbalance when only transaction fees are rewarded to miners and these are too low.
The current problem is a combination of 1.3 (A sybil attack) and "don't be stupid, read everything twice, don't play with money". It could have been avoided by Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:28:42
Do you mean local or outsourced?
It should be safe considering only random choices are tried. Normally the Vanity Gen should use a cryptographical generator.
The outsourcing protocol is a bit more complicated but it places the burden of entropy on you (which is expected).
The protocol is designed to create keys in such a way that the generator doesn't have the private key. This is done by creating two private keys: one by you which should be cryptographically secure with full entropy. And one generated by the generator. The combination will keep the entropy and have a vanity address. The generator key is even published and thus loses all entropy.
Since the outsourcing protocol is safe, this also can be run locally.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:50:33
A bug in the implementation of the merkle tree? They observed that only power of two merkle trees work. Or they didn't dare to implement the hashing of the concatenation of two times the same hash and turned it off.
This implies a custom block generation algorithm. The most pools wouldn't do this, since they can make more money until they hit 1MB/all transactions in the mempool.
@_date: 2014-02-13 12:47:53
While now the company holds the money. This means it automatically becomes a money transmitter and must comply with the same laws as banks. The gray zone used by bitcoin exchanges will not apply (I think).
The fact that the volatility is buffered by the company in exchange of a fee means that in extreme mood swings the company may not have enough BTC or EUR available. BitCoin crashes: not enough BTC, EUR crashes: not enough EUR.
This reduces the volatility but doesn't remove any risk. It also opens the end-user up to fraud (hence the laws): you don't control the funds yourself.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:53:53
The best explanation I've seen so far was here:
More technical
A transaction is some data that transfers the right to spend a number (of BTC) to somebody else. Before I could spend them, now you can spend them. To make everything secure without central authority (dollars) or physical substance (gold), two numbers are generated for each transaction: a signature and a hash. The signature tells everybody that everything is done by Me and nothing has been changed. The hash tells somebody where to find the transaction. 
But: the hash can be changed without changing anything in the transaction: the sender, receiver and money are all fixed, the signature is also the same. And now we can't rely on the transaction id (hash) until it has been processed, and we need to look for the same transaction in ALL the hashes!
What was Mt. Gox fault?: you can calculate the transaction id(hash) immediately and /nobody/ will ever think of changing it(why would they, it would do the same thing anyway) thus we can use this hash to monitor if the withdrawals are processed. And if a transaction can't be found after 2-5 days we try again. 
What can crackers do?: We store some funds on Mt. Gox. We do a withdrawal. We find the transaction and change it. We submit the changed transaction faster than Mt. Gox. The new transaction sometimes wins and we have our money. We wait 2 days and complain to Mt Gox that our money hasn't arrived. They search with the old id and see that the original transaction wasn't processed (they think you weren't paid yet). They pay you again with different money. Yay!!
What should Mt. Gox do:
* Simple workaround: First move the money to a special address, a newly created withdrawal address and then move the money to you. If the address is empty you have your money, else send it again. Cost: more transaction fees(x2).
* Harder: keep better track of the funds. If you know the hash can be changed by somebody else, DON'T use it. Process all transactions correctly and search them for pending transactions. This avoids extra costs but is harder and takes more processing power.
* Hardest: create your own hash and store that one also. 
This approach takes less CPU but is harder to engineer correctly. More bugs and Mt.Gox is a bit bug prone.
* Their solution: Blame BitCoin itself, try to force the solution in BitCoin itself. Pro: Nobody else should have the same problem again. If they use the capabilities correctly. Contra: BitCoin works fine without the new code, a person will never have this problem (they will first check their balance and transaction history) and a program can and should(?) calculate this on it's own.
@_date: 2014-02-02 20:32:10
In my humble position, I think this is a scam. At the very least it is unworkable.
The wifi protocol uses by definition two way communication. It provides not only datagrams, powermanagement and encryption. 
The transmission power is limited for a computer to 100mW in the EU. This almost gets you to the other side of a small house. You can't provide two way communication this way. (A satellite telephone has a transmission power of 156mW with a speed of 10Kib/s and about 50000 users, this won't scale)
Next up is interference: Wifi is omni-directional. And has a limited number of bands(13 of them) In a crowded environment about half can be used without performance costs. Two directional communication will not work unless you aim an antenna (automatically!). So you will need new hardware, this won't be a problem because:
They suggest a one-direction protocol. Wifi is not compatible with this. We could use new hardware with a new protocol on the same frequency spectrum. Wifi uses a publicly available band. This band is protected under international treaties. No US based company will get the permission to launch satellites that exceed the transmission power. 
Next problem, practical: The timeline.
Prototyping between June and September. The Murphy is strong in this one.
Manufactoring between April and June? How much delay did the Bitcoin ASIC get? This was on earth, with tested technology. In a low risk, low cost environment.
If we look at comparable companies: Iridium took 12 years and then went broke.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:51:27
Small stupid comment:
I really would have loved a dodecaeder coin.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:06:53
@_date: 2013-12-29 18:32:17
An ounce of gold is heavier because there is a difference between mass and weight. The density of gold is greater thus it has less volume and less weight by the law of archimedes.
@_date: 2013-12-13 08:42:39
No matches for 
* all linear jumps dX and dY between -4...4
* different jumps for even/odd, mod 3 = 0,1,2
* ignoring whitespace
* bouncing of wall, wrapping around wall, wrapping and next line.
