@_author: dollinkc
@_date: 2016-09-17 15:11:37
Thanks for that info! I've updated my post with the correct bounty :)
1) The purpose of this series of questions is to iron out my understanding of Smart contracts. Let's say my contract is based on the weather - I'll automatically pay you $5 if it rains tmrw. How do I "code" this into my blockchain without a ledger of integrity relating to the weather? How will I create said ledger then? OkieDoge mentioned that ledgers may not all be public. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of blockchain then? 
4) the question is: does every blockchain come with "bitcoinish" things inherently? whose value depend by (as stated in your answer for 6) demand and supply?
5) thanks for the link! I'm super excited to try it out some time :D 
6) hence the value of the bitcoin/altcurrency is based on what the public thinks of it and what the public can get in return? Let's put a context to it: say I create a currency using your link and try to convince people that it's worth 100BTC? Is this theoretically possible? 
Thanks for the long list of different uses! To clarify my understanding of blockchains, how will name registration work? What is the incentive for the miner to help you put your info into the existing block? If you can outline this process for me I think it'll be super helpful! :)
Thank you so much &lt;3
@_date: 2016-09-17 15:03:14
Hey thanks for your reply! blockchain.info is so interesting as it has the screen that shows the real-time transactions that are happening around the world! I'm quite puzzled as to why my bitcoin faucet transactions aren't recorded on it tho..
I've updated the current block reward in my post! Thanks for the information :) 
One thing that puzzles me is the inherent limit of bitcoin. Why was it specifically programmed such that only 21m coins can be mined? Isn't it limiting its potential then? I understand that it can be split into Satochis but still.. the more the merrier no? Wouldn't miners not be willing to mine at the end and this whole realm may come crashing down? 
If the blockchains are not public then how can we verify the integrity of it? Isn't integrity the USP of this whole realm? 
What's this financial analyst's plan? It seems quite interesting and I'm keen to know more! You seem to be an expert in this! :)
Sorry for the many questions- I may be too inquisitive for my own good but I'm really intrigued by what blockchain can offer to us in the future and I'm trying to learn more! 
Thanks in advance!
@_date: 2016-09-17 14:57:25
Thanks for your reply! I'll take a look at the website and I'm sure I'll understand the bit coin realm more! Ultimately, my aim of these questions is to have a better understanding of the blockchain and the further applications of it :) 
@_date: 2016-09-17 15:12:49
Thanks for your reply!!
I've edited the post to reflect the correct usage of terms. Let me know if you still find anything inappropriate! 
Thanks for the suggestions I'll defo give the books a shot! :) 
@_date: 2016-09-17 15:13:50
sorry what are devs? 
@_date: 2016-09-17 15:16:09
nono based on my understanding there are further applications of blockchains which are not currency based.
btw I think this website is quite helpful too! For easier comparison between the different currencies :)
 