@_author: dolphinastronaut
@_date: 2012-06-13 00:18:42
Bitcoin is supposed to be fully decentralized, and mining pools create too much centralization. It means that one person has a lot of control over the network, and Bitcoin is designed to let nobody have any control over it. If one of the mining pools had 50% of the network's total mining power, the operator would have too much control over the network and the blockchain. 
@_date: 2012-11-10 04:26:56
I pledge to buy reddit gold if reddit accepts bitcoin for it, and I plan to keep buying it every month unless reddit stops accepting it! 
@_date: 2012-03-25 22:49:29
They're gone forever. There's no way for anyone but the owner of the coins to know that any coins are truly lost forever. If I have 200 Bitcoins in a wallet and I just leave them there for a few years, there's no way to know whether they're lost or if I'm just hoarding them. 
As more Bitcoins are lost over the years, the value of Bitcoin will rise. If you lose some Bitcoins, consider it a donation to all other bitcoin users in the form of greater value for their coins. That's really the most optimistic way to look at it. 
So, to directly answer your question: yes, coins will be lost. Maybe a lot. The bitcoin economy could end up losing far more than just 1% someday. It hurts the person who loses the coins, and helps everyone else. When coins are lost, they are not reentered into the bitcoin economy because there is no way to know that coins are lost. And lost coins help make BTC rise in value. 
Ninja edit: speling and some clarification
@_date: 2012-08-13 19:26:00
Just 100. It takes only a couple of seconds to generate 100 addresses and it can generate more on-the-fly whenever it needs to. 
@_date: 2012-06-16 00:47:14
0.01 Bitcoins is called a "bitcent", 0.001 bitcoins is called "1 Millibitcoin" and 0.000001 bitcoins is called "1 microbitcoin", so the smallest size of bitcoin (0.00000001 BTC) would be called "**1 millibitcent**". 
But that's a bit of a mouthful, so another name for it is "1 Satoshi", named after the creator of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto. 
@_date: 2012-09-03 01:56:28
Wrote it once, then spent almost 10 minutes going back and changing little parts over and over until it came out completely different. 
My one-sentence description of Bitcoin: **Bitcoin is an online currency that can be sent and received by anyone in the world, relying on computers to control the transfer and creation of money without human intervention, which results in low costs, no government corruption, and super-fast transfer.**
A bit clunky, but it works. That should be a good starting point for explaining it. My sentence mentions that Bitcoin has no government or corporate control, but the lack of third-party control should not be a central point (in my opinion). The most important thing about Bitcoin is that it is money that can be sent to or from anyone on earth at any time at almost no cost at super-fast speeds. The fact that it is free from organized control is important, but it's not going to get many people to jump in. Most people will be swayed by the ease of use and fast transfer speeds and low cost that they aren't used to with non-cash transactions. 
Another short description of Bitcoin that might help: **It's traded just like cash, but it's on the Internet!**
@_date: 2012-11-20 02:42:47
Same thing happened to me! I was browsing some eepsites--don't remember what, just browsing for the first time in months to see what was new--and someone mentioned bitcoin, and I googled it and... well, the same thing happened to me that happens to everyone else. Shock, amazement, wonder, interest, excitement, etc. 
Unfortunately it was already a bit expensive. May 2011-ish. Wish I'd heard of it sooner. *sigh.*
@_date: 2012-10-06 02:36:33
In the future, [preev.com]( is a fantastic tool for this kind of stuff. 
It's worth $268.80 at the moment. 
@_date: 2012-12-03 20:44:59
Very liberal semi-socialist here. I voted for President Obama last month. I use bitcoin because it frees me from having to use credit cards, debit cards and Paypal, because those don't work nearly as well for Internet transactions as Bitcoin does. It lets me having to deal with big banks, which is great because *all* of my past experiences with banks have been difficult--in my experience, they're just rude companies that don't care about people who aren't their investors and who aren't filthy-rich. I'm also a big fan of open-source software. I'm typing this on Ubuntu Linux in Firefox, and the only proprietary software I ever use is the software on my mining rig (Windows and proprietary AMD drivers--in my experience, it's much easier to set up a mining rig on Windows than on Linux because AMD's drivers for Windows work better because they have far more Windows customers than Linux customers). I never would have even thought about trying Bitcoin if it weren't open-source. 
I believe that if the entire world stopped using government-controlled currency, the world would be a better place, because our money would never become less valuable. My dollars become less valuable when the Federal Reserve prints more of them. This simply doesn't happen with Bitcoin. Is that Libertarianism? A bit. I can't deny that I take a Libertarian viewpoint when it comes to how money should be printed (in that we shouldn't print more of it). Governments need money in order to exist, but if we all used bitcoins, we could use property taxes (paid in dollars or bitcoins). It looks like there's a lot of arguing in this thread on whether or not it would be possible to tax income if we all used Bitcoin, but if it were possible, the government could use that as well. Whether it is possible or not, avoiding income taxes is still illegal and could still be illegal in the future, and punishable by long prison sentences to scare people from avoiding income taxes by hiding them in multiple bitcoin addresses. Would that work for everyone? No. Would it work for most people? Yeah, probably. 
I'm very left-of-center, but primarily for non-economic reasons. While my family was more financially successful during President Obama's first term than under President Bush's two terms (which was part of the reason I voted for Obama rather than Romney), my main reasons for my vote were social issues, like same-sex marriage, women's rights (*coughLilyLedbettercough*), abortion rights, etc. These are issues that aren't related to Bitcoin, and I feel more strongly about these issues than I do about inflation and the Federal Reserve. 
I also don't like Ron Paul. At all. I undoubtedly wouldn't have voted for him if he had won the Republican primaries. I really wanted to be able to like him because he seemed like a huge change from most politicians, but he wanted to end the deficit by closing the Dept of Education and ending social aid programs, which is basically the opposite of what I want. It usually looks like and bitcointalk.org are just Ron Paul circlejerks (even the Silk Road forums talk about him) and I try to stay out of that discussion. I like a lot of what he says, but not for the same reason that he says it. Example: he and I both want to pull our military out of other countries, which I agree with, but he wants to do it because he thinks that the US shouldn't be involved in *anything involving any other country ever* (which is why he didn't support federal aid to Haiti after their earthquake), and I want to do it because I think we shouldn't be dropping bombs on children in Afghanistan. 
So, yeah, that's my political beliefs. Far left. I like bitcoin because I hate credit cards and banks, and I'm no fan of the Fed either. 
**TL;DR: I'm very left-of-center because of non-bitcoin-related issues like same-sex marriage and abortion, not inflation and Ayn Rand/Ron Paul-ish stuff. I hate credit card companies and banks and Paypal, and *Bitcoin simply works better than those services for online transactions*. I also use it because I love open-source software.**
@_date: 2012-03-23 19:41:38
Your wallet is not tied to your computer. Your bitcoins are tied to your wallet. Your wallet is just a file on your computer, just like a Microsoft Word document or a jpeg picture. It's called "wallet.dat", and it's just a file sitting on your computer (in different places depending on your operating system; on Linux it's in /home/username/.bitcoin, I forget where it is on Windows and Mac, but Google can help you with that). You can copy it from your computer and back it up on a flash drive or a CD, or encrypt it and email it to yourself. If your computer is fried and you have a backup of your wallet, then your coins are perfectly safe. You should always have a backup of your wallet somewhere. Also, remember to create a new backup of your wallet file after every 100 transactions. 
@_date: 2012-01-24 21:11:13
I mostly agree with you on this. 
However, the "Armies of worm riddled broadband-connected Windows boxes" part isn't accurate. The idea is that we would have to pay 0.01 BTC (USD$0.06 at today's price), or something in that ballpark, to send an email. That way, if Alice wants to send an email to Bob, it'll cost her almost nothing, but if the "Wonderful Financial Advisor to Great Prince of Nigeria" wants to send spam to 5,000 people, it'll cost him 50 BTC (USD$318). If a virus on thousands of Windows boxes wanted to send spam, they'd still have to pay the 0.01 BTC for each message to get marked as "not spam". In that respect, a system like this would actually work really well. It still wouldn't work because few people use Bitcoin, but it would be a good defense against spam botnets. 
You probably should have put an X next to "Lack of centrally controlling authority for email". If there were a centrally controlling authority for email, a system like this would be easy to implement. 
Also, there are already lots of good spam filters that work about as well as this system would (if it were implemented successfully, with everyone in the world using BTC and participating). In the last few years, I've only gotten about 10 spam emails to my Gmail account. There isn't really a great need for something like this anymore. 
**TL;DR: Yeah, you're basically right. I just wanted to correct you on one small thing. But your main point is still completely correct.**
@_date: 2012-08-10 13:50:12
If you're looking for another pool, [P2Pool]( is definitely worth considering. It actually works a lot like Bitcoin. It's a decentralized peer-to-peer pool, which means that unlike other pools, no one takes a cut of the profit, and it has a guaranteed 100% uptime. We're chuggin' along at 450 GH/s now! 
@_date: 2012-08-10 13:38:05
Lets imagine that the blockchain is a giant building and it's filled with millions and millions of little safes. We'll assume for this scenario that we'll only use metal coins and no paper bills to make the analogy simpler. Each safe has a little door to enter it and the door has a little keyhole. Only a person with the key can open the door. Each safe also has a little slot at the top so anyone can put money in it. If I want to send you some money, you tell me which safe is yours, and I go to the building, go to one of my safes, take out the key for it, and remove the right amount of coins. Then I take those coins and go to your safe and put those coins in the slot in the top. 
When you first start up the Bitcoin client, it immediately generates a whole bunch of addresses. In the above analogy, those addresses are like safes. Anyone can send money to a Bitcoin address, just like how anyone can put money in the slot in the safe. However, the owner of the address is the only person who has a key for the address. Those keys are used to let you take money out of an address and send it to another address (or take it out of a safe and put it in another safe). 
To answer your questions, Bitcoins aren't really stored *as* a key. They're stored *in* an address and can be sent using the key that you need to send them. Those keys are automatically generated when your client generates an address. 
When you "win" a bitcoin block, you earn 50 bitcoins and you help make the bitcoin network a bit stronger, but that's all that happens. You don't get these keys from mining a block; generating keys is free and takes less than a second. 
@_date: 2012-02-19 19:30:14
Says [here]( that "A copy of the private key is held by at least Satoshi, Gavin, and theymos." 
So there is actually only one alert key, and those three people hold it. I should have been clearer. Sorry 'bout that. 
@_date: 2012-10-03 15:20:36
It's great seeing how different people react when they're presented with the idea of Bitcoin. Some think it's a great idea, some think it might be a scam, some think it's a waste of time, some think it's a fantastic investment of my time and money. 
But they always have the same reaction when they see the rig. It's just a bunch of motherboards sprawled around the floor in the corner with graphics cards sticking out of them, with a bunch of PSUs reaching out over their computers like spiders, and a hard drive resting against each PSU. For some reason relatives always expect the rig to be a bit smaller than it is. 
@_date: 2012-01-10 21:55:33
That's certainly a problem, but it puts more power into the hands of the customer (which I think is a huge part of what Bitcoin can and should do, and probably one of the reasons Satoshi created it). With Bitcoin, the user has lots of control that they don't have with banks and credit cards, which will make Bitcoin very popular. 
I still think automatic payments feature would be good for Bitcoin overall. Requiring that the user approve each automatic transaction by hand would make it less appealing to porn sites (and similar pay-each-month services). I still know lots of people with AOL email addresses that they haven't used in a decade because it costs them only a few $ per month and they don't know how to deactivate it. If they were paying with automatic payments in Bitcoin, they would have stopped paying years ago. 
It wouldn't have *much* appeal for porn sites, but it has a lot of appeal for consumers. And porn companies tend to be the first ones to try new and interesting ways to get more money (because there are so many of them and they're run by people who, let's face it, are a little bit... unorthodox). As with every other new technology, a few porn companies will try it, and then more of them will try it, and then other non-porn companies will try it, and then everyone will try it. 
***TL;DR*** Yeah, you're pretty much right. Porn sites won't really like it. But there are so many porn sites, one of them's bound to try it, and then Bitcoin will have a good shot at catching on. 
@_date: 2012-11-20 14:40:40
It's a good idea to keep mining because it helps keep the network and the protocol secure. Every extra gigahash added to the network makes your transactions--and the transactions of everyone else--a little bit more secure. The more secure Bitcoin is, the greater the value of your bitcoins will be. 
More importantly, it's important to keep in mind that as long as there are people using Bitcoin, there will always be money in mining thanks to transaction fees. The reward will drop lower and lower over time (it won't drop to zero until the year 2140, but it'll drop very far down by 2030-ish). But by then miners will make money off of the transaction fees. 
If you have free or fixed-rate electricity, there's absolutely no reason to stop mining unless the noise is too much or if it gets to hot (with the colder months coming for most of us, this shouldn't be an issue until the summer). 
If mining will cost you more money than you make, you should turn off your mining rigs and throw those GPUs on Bitmit so that I can scoop them up for a deal. Otherwise, there's not much of a reason to turn off your miners. They help keep the network secure, and you'll continue making a few coins from the 25BTC reward and the transaction fees, which should start getting bigger as Bitcoin adoption grows. 
**TL;DR: IF YOUR ELECTRICITY IS FREE/FIXED-RATE, KEEP MINING. IF NOT, OPEN UP A BITMIT STORE FOR YOUR GPUS AND MAKE A LITTLE BIT MORE BTC FROM THEM.** 
@_date: 2012-10-02 21:40:36
My college is very nearby and dorming is expensive (it's partially state-funded, so tuition is cheap but living on-campus is very expensive) so I'm living at home with my parents and commuting to college by train, at least for now. 
However, I'm still probably moving to ASICs very soon. I preordered a BFL Jalapeno (4.5Gh/s) several months ago, and I'm considering purchasing a BFL Single SC (60Gh/s) as well. It's not so much a question of electricity as much as it is mere convenience. There's a lot of work involved in making sure that every single GPU is running to its fullest potential. The whole rig is homemade and it's quite fickle. It rarely runs for a whole week without *something* not working. It's always something fixable, but it still means that I have to shut down a computer (which means I take at least a third of the whole rig down) and then fiddle with connections and retry until it works. It's sucking a couple of hours out of each week and it's really not fun, and any problems have to be fixed immediately (time *is* money!). 
So yes, considering that I'm about to receive a little box with more hashing power in it than the rest of my entire rig, I'll probably be selling a bunch of cards quite soon. There are plenty of students at my university who dorm there who are building their own computers, so I'm sure there will be at least a little bit of demand for gently-used graphics cards. Or I might put them on Bitmit or eBay or something. 
@_date: 2012-10-04 04:03:24
They're not actually on the floor; they're on little plastic stands that look like little tables that I got at Ikea, so they're about six inches above the floor. 
I felt like it was a bad idea to leave piles of expensive electronics on the floor, so I moved them up six inches and I felt better. I said that they were on the floor because it's not like they're actually on a desk or shelf. 
@_date: 2012-07-04 23:42:47
Let's get down to business, to defeat the lies. This person is stupid, don't you think, you guys? 
Wall of text coming up here. You could play racquetball against this thing. 


Yep. And you're also covered for up to $0 that isn't held in a bank. Bitcoin shouldn't be likened to a bank. It should be considered nearly identical to cash, except in that it's an Internet-based form of it. Real-world cash is not insured anywhere in the world by any government or authority. Bitcoin isn't either. 
Besides, it's more secure than a bank. Keep 90% of your coins in a paper wallet or brainwallet, and it's impossible for anyone to touch it. When you put money in a bank, there's a risk that the bank will fold because they need to invest it to make money, and the FDIC eliminates that risk for the banks' customers. With Bitcoin, there is no risk of losing your money. No one is investing your money. With dollars, it makes little sense to keep it anywhere but a bank. With Bitcoin, you can be your own bank. Invest it, don't invest it, invest just a little bit. It's all up to you. You can take on as much risk as you want. Or none at all. 


HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! That's why we're definitely *not* in a recession or anything. Because Wall St is just so *brilliant* at developing regulations for itself and enforcing them properly. 


You're stupid for giving untrustworthy employees access to your company's Bitcoin, you're stupid for keeping them in an online bank or exchange (there's no reason to keep anything in an exchange unless you actually want to make a transaction with them right now, and there's definitely no reason to use an online bank for bitcoin. Remember MyBitcoin?), you're stupid for keeping your bitcoins on a computer that can be hacked so easily. 


That’s not to say that there won’t be some enforcement — some day. But until then, don’t keep any more money in a Bitcoin wallet **on a computer that others have access to, or an online bank or exchange, or an unsecure computer** than you can afford to lose. FTFY. 


What am I? 
I'm just a little Bitcoin user. I don't have much power or control over anything. I don't have a whole lot of money. But there are tons of me. Thousands. Tens, or even hundreds of thousands. Are they not backers? 
Why do people so often choose large organizations and corporations over a group of people united by a common dream? 


So then **why would they do that?**
Luckily for us Bitcoiners, our backers are other Bitcoiners. As long as other people use bitcoins, my bitcoins are safe. 


Really? A 3-year-old Internet-based cryptocurrency (the very first of its kind), rapidly gaining popularity in short bursts, while new currency is released faster than it ever will again, is volatile right now? Are you supposed to be surprised about this? 


So? Who cares? I *want* the value to go change for now. So does everyone else with even any interest in bitcoin. A few months ago, my mom wanted to buy $100 of bitcoins, and I suggested that she wait until the price falls. What's the point of buying BTC at $5 when you can buy at $2 instead in a few weeks (she ended up buying when it hit about $2.50!). Having a currency that rises in value over time is a bad thing now? Wat? 
In June 2011, one article on Gawker made the price rise from only a few dollars to $30 in one day. It's been a very long time since the price changed more than 50 cents in one day. It's already becoming more stable, and it will continue to forever. 


Bitcoin is only 3 years old. Hardly an "established currency" you speak of. 
Ooh! I found some hypocracy in one sentence! 


Correct! That's one of Bitcoin's best advantages over other payment methods. 


You *just said* that's it's untraceable! How would investigators trace something that's *untraceable*! I mean, come on! *You just said it!* 


Yeah. I didn't find out about Bitcoin until after it was worth more than a dollar. I think it's unfair too. So we should all just not use it and pretend it doesn't exist. 


Yes. Yes it is. 


Yes, quite. The system where teachers work harder than anyone on Wall St and make less than a single one of them. What a great system! 


Much like stock in Apple or Google or Microsoft. I wish I'd found out about them when they were first available. I'd be a millionaire several times over by now. But I didn't. Doesn't make them unfair. The people who bought Apple stock at its IPO made a very wise decision, and now they have lots of money. Besides, you really think buying bitcoin right now is a bad investment? It's not going to stay at $6 for long. I know this because all the people who have said "The price of a bitcoin is not going to get any higher than this" have *always* been wrong so far. 


As *more people dedicate more power to the network**, the algorithms get more and more difficult to crank, and Bitcoins get harder and harder to produce. FTFY. It has nothing to do with time. The difficulty level has risen and fallen over time, making it harder and easier to produce depending on said level. The author simply didn't research how Bitcoin works under-the-hood. 


And Bitcoins also create **a very small amount of** wealth for hackers who control big botnets and are able to hijack the computing power of thousands of computers **that aren't secured by their users because their users are stupid enough to download and install viruses** and force them to mine coins. FTFY
Botnets don't really rake in a whole lot of bitcoins because they usually can't be used for GPU mining. Most of these botnets are stuck with CPU mining, which isn't any good. And why someone would use a computer that doesn't 
This is my favourite one... 


Yeah, I understand the point (not a very valid point, but a still point nonetheless). I'm just here to criticize her example. I mean, seriously? That was the best example you could come up with? Justin Bieber? *Sigh.* Never thought I'd ever mention him on this subreddit. 


No. No there aren't. Save for the alternative blockchains (Litecoin, Ixcoin, I0coin, Devcoin, etc), there isn't anything that provides such a seamless way to transfer value from one person to another. I can send Bitcoins from my house in the US to my friend in New Zealand. It only takes about 3 seconds for the friend to receive it, only about 10 minutes for the friend to be able to spend it, and it costs me essentially nothing. I can send Bitcoins on weekends and holidays and all throughout May. 
I've been rereading this article and adding as much criticism as I can, but I'm just losing interest at this point. I think we can all just agree that the author of this article just doesn't know what she's talking about when it comes to both Bitcoin and economics. The only way she could have made more of a fool of herself is if she said "There will only be 21 million BTC?! But then what will we do if more than 21 million people want to use them? Then they can only have a few pennies! Oh noes! What's that? No, I don't know what 'nearly infinitely divisible' means!" If I were writing a more official critique to the author, I'd finish it up a bit more. 
Ugh. This dolphinastronaut's gotta go back to swimming on the moon. I can feel my IQ dropping as I read this article. 
**TL;DR: The person who posted this article to is actually the author of the article, who wrote it hoping to convince everyone to sell their bitcoins so she could get her hands on as many as possible and become rich! I bet you thought you'd get away with this, OP! But you were wrong! WRONG, YOU WEAK-MINDED FOOL! YOU'LL NEVER GET YOUR HANDS ON OUR COINZ! MUA-HA-HA-HA!** 
@_date: 2012-08-28 16:42:17
When you send the bitcoins, instead of typing "1" or "4" in the place where it asks how many bitcoins you're sending, instead you just type in "0.4". 
The smallest amount of bitcoins you can send someone is 0.00000001 bitcoins. 
@_date: 2012-01-10 23:05:07
It's an American fiction drama TV show on CBS about the wife of a politician who cheats on her. They're going to run a highly-dramatized episode about Bitcoin, where one of the characters is a lawyer who represents the creator of Bitcoin, and the creator wants to keep his identity a secret, but has to appear in court for something. There's another character who wants to know who the creator is, and the lawyer has to fight against the law for his client or something like that. We won't really know until it comes out, but that's what the description looks like. (Some of that might be wrong. I'm just regurgitating what I read somewhere else about it.) 
It's not very realistic, considering that (as far as we know) Satoshi never gave his real identity to *anyone*, including a lawyer, so none of this could have ever happened. 
I've never seen much of The Good Wife, so that's all I know. Maybe someone else here who watches it more can help you out. Or you could try Wikipedia. 
@_date: 2012-08-11 13:46:41
Thanks. Fixed it. That's quite a big mistake. 
@_date: 2012-01-25 21:08:49
Not a stupid question. When I first started using Bitcoin I wondered the same thing. 
The simplest choice is to only use Bitcoin on one computer. Send the coins on the work computer to the home computer, or vice versa. Problem solved. 
But if you really want/need to use Bitcoin on two separate computers, you could just have two separate wallet.dat files on two separate computers (which it seems is what you're doing now), or you could send all the Bitcoins on the work computer to the home computer, and then copy/paste that wallet.dat file onto the work computer. 
If you do this, make sure that: 
* You aren't running Bitcoin on both computers at the same time. Really bad stuff can happen if you do this. 
* You update the wallet file on both computers after every 100 receiving addresses are generated. The wallet.dat file has 100 addresses pre-generated so that a) it doesn't take long for you to make a new address because it's already been generated, and b) you can make backups without having to make a new backup after every receiving address is generated. 
I'd suggest that you move the coins to one wallet file, encrypt it, and then keep the wallet file in a cloud-based synchronization system, like Dropbox. That way, both computers have the most recent backup of the wallet file and you won't have to back it up again after 100 transactions. ***Make sure you encrypt it if you do this!** Any file you put in the cloud can be read by the company that manages the cloud service, unless it's encrypted. Or they could get hacked.* Actually, you should really have the wallet.dat file encrypted anyway. 
Just remember that Bitcoin wasn't designed to do this. It hasn't been tested throughly. In theory, it should work just fine, but in practice you could end up hitting some problems that most people haven't seen before. It should work, but the code wasn't designed to do this. 
**TL;DR: Just use one computer, or use two, but either resynchronize the wallet.dat files with each other after every 100 transactions, or keep them in Dropbox or a similar service. Also, don't leave both computers running Bitcoin at the same time, and remember to encrypt the wallet.dat.**
@_date: 2012-10-06 03:08:05
Nope, not mine. But it's a fantastic site. Always up-to-date, very simple to use, updates the price every few seconds automatically. 
@_date: 2012-06-27 23:08:23
Except it accepts bitcoin, which makes it way better. 
@_date: 2012-08-10 21:01:38
Well, it's not completely traceable. We can easily trace bitcoin transactions from one address to another, but we can't easily connect an address to the person who owns it. Unless we know who owns a specific Bitcoin address, we can't tell much else about it. We also can't figure out exactly what they spent it on. Because Silk Road does a lot to "tumble" the coins (or mix them around so it's almost impossible to figure out who bought what), we can't just find out who's buying what on Silk Road. 
It's certainly not "completely anonymous". It's "pseudonymous". If you go to the proper lengths (which aren't much, like using Tor and running coins through a tumbler), you can be anonymous. 
@_date: 2012-08-02 23:44:22
No. 
Browsing a website in a web browser like Firefox or Chrome won't let the website control another program like Bitcoin. Even the cloud version of Microsoft Office and the desktop version of Microsoft Office can't communicate with each other through a web browser. 
The only way that a hacker could steal your bitcoins is by having access to your unencrypted wallet.dat file. Since a website doesn't have access to anything on your hard drive without your explicit permission, it's not possible to steal a user's bitcoins by loading a website. 
@_date: 2012-09-03 20:51:28
It's true that many people don't have a connection to the Internet, but the number of people connected to the Internet is growing rapidly every day. Bitcoin certainly makes the digital divide even bigger, but it might actually help spread Internet connectivity by being one more thing on the Internet that everyone uses. 
The legality of Bitcoin is messy, but at least at the moment it doesn't break any laws in most places. 
@_date: 2012-10-09 13:29:06
Backing up every 50 transactions is definitely not necessary, but it's a good idea to stay safe. As long as you get every 100, you're definitely safe. Because most transactions don't involve the creation of a new address, it's not *necessary* to back up that often, but it's a good idea. 
I just stick with every 50 transactions because it's a nice even number and the main page of the client tells me the number of transactions I've made, so whenever it's a number that's divisible by 50, I back it up. If I went with every 100 transactions I'd have a very small chance of having an issue, plus doing every 50 transactions gives me some leeway so that if I'm busy I can do it some other time without worrying about losing coins. 
OP, as long as you back up after every 100 transactions, you're safe. Backing up more often is better, but as long as you back up every 100 transactions, there's no chance of losing your bitcoins. 
@_date: 2012-11-04 04:21:54
I'm not sure about any others, but I've been using AirVPN for about five months with no problems. I've paid in BTC every time. I've never tried from Dubai, but it's always worked for me in the US. They don't track any of your browsing data. 
My favorite thing about them is that they even have different proxy server locations around the world, so I can switch from being in the US to being in the UK or Germany or Sweden at the touch of a button! It worked great when I wanted to watch the Olympics Opening Ceremonies a few months ago on the BBC's iPlayer from my house in the US! 
I've never had to deal with serious Internet censorship at my house like people in Dubai, but it's great because I don't like the idea of my ISP watching me, and it's great for when I'm on-the-go at an Internet cafe or a hotel and they try to block me from The Pirate Bay. I would assume that the pornography restrictions in Dubai will be stopped the same way that torrent site restrictions in coffee shops are stopped for me whenever I use AirVPN. 
So take a look at them before making a final decision. However, I've never tried any of the others, so I can't really offer a good comparison for you. 
Full disclaimer in case someone thinks I work for them or something: I don't work for AirVPN and I don't know anyone who does. My only connection to them is that I'm a very happy and satisfied customer. 
@_date: 2012-06-24 20:28:51


Not quite. A Turing machine is a machine that can take in information and manipulate it according to a specific set of rules. The device you're reading this on (which is probably a computer or a smartphone) is a Turing machine. 
If a machine (or some software that lets you run most software on top of it, like the Script system in Bitcoin) can manipulate data the same way that a Turing machine can, then it is said to be Turing Complete. The device you're reading this on is Turing Complete. 
Satoshi designed Script specifically not to have Turing Completedness, so that it can't be used to take over the machines running other Bitcoin nodes. Script can perform basic processes, but it isn't Turing complete because it being so could hurt the network. Bitcoin can not be a Turing machine because it is not a physical machine; it is just software. 
TL;DR: Bitcoin lacks Turing Completeness to secure the other nodes on the network. It is not a Turing machine because a Turing machine has to be a physical object. 
@_date: 2012-09-20 19:53:06
People who use Internet Explorer are usually either required to use it by their employer (who wouldn't keep their personal bitcoins on their employer's computer), or people who simply aren't good with computers (who probably aren't experimenting with Bitcoin). If you're using Internet Explorer on your personal computer, you really really really need to switch to Firefox or Chrome or Safari or Opera or *anything else*. 
I'm not familiar with the specifics regarding the recently-discovered Internet Explorer bug, but this bug is only a danger to Bitcoin if it allows an attacker to have read access to any file on the user's hard drive. If that's the case, then an attacker would have access to all of the user's bitcoins because they'd have access to their wallet.dat file. If the bug doesn't allow access to wallet.dat, then an attacker wouldn't be able to steal a user's bitcoins. 
If you keep a lot of your finances in bitcoins, it's best to keep as much as possible in cold storage. It's easy to do this. Create a new wallet.dat, send bitcoins to it, and then move the wallet.dat file to a couple of flash drives (or encrypt it and send it to your email/dropbox/wuala/any other cloud-based storage), and delete it from your computer. It's safest if you do this on a freshly-installed computer rather than a Windows box that you've had for 10 years. 
Most people using Bitcoin should keep as much of their bitcoins in cold storage. I have a lot of bitcoins, but I only have immediate access to about 10 because that's all that I keep on my computer. If I need to spend more, I have to send some from my cold storage to my computer. 
That way, we can keep bitcoins in safe, secure storage where they can't be stolen. 
@_date: 2012-03-30 18:36:07


@_date: 2012-10-02 21:29:25
The electricity at our house is extremely cheap, so instead we agreed that I can mine for free and in return I have to act as their USD-BTC exchange and I have to exchange at current MTGOX rate at no commission. Which is fine with me considering I'm making such a nice profit with the mining. They've gotten into trading every once in a while and they've made a little bit of money from the investments, so they save money by trading with no commission. They essentially pay that commission by letting me continue mining. I don't pay any extra bitcoins to pay for the electricity. 
They fully understand that I'm pushing their electric bill up, but that I'm making some money at it while teaching myself more about computers. And it's really not pushing the bill up that much. Power in this area is cheap, so it doesn't affect them very much. 
@_date: 2012-12-14 23:54:01
I'm not a Christian, but this actually makes *perfect* sense. People don't choose a religion only because it's good for the world. They have a religion--or lack thereof--because it helps *them* as an individual. 
Bitcoin's the same thing. I use Bitcoin because it's an easier way to send money to people around the world than credit cards and Paypal. That's the only reason. Not necessarily because I think it will make the world better (I do, but that's not the main reason). I just think it's easier for *me* to use Bitcoin instead of other alternatives. 
@_date: 2012-01-09 23:53:34
So why not add a feature to the client to run automated payments? You could tell the client "On the 1st of every month, send 1.5 BTC to [example address]". It would be done by the client, not the network. 
Then on the 1st day of each month, Bitcoin renews your subscription to the website. It could be automatic, or maybe the client would first give you a warning message when it starts up, saying "You have to send 1.5 BTC to [example address and/or its label] and the user would then click "Send". 
I'm not sure if this is infeasible for some reason. I don't know much about the code in the client itself, so I could be completely wrong. It's possible there would be security concerns as well (whenever you add a feature, you add more potential vulnerabilities). 
**TL;DR:** Put automatic payments in the client. Problem solved. 
@_date: 2012-08-04 01:46:11
This is a really good point. I'm sure that when I send someone with an  address an email from my  address, it probably doesn't actually leave Google's servers and go through the Internet. This is the same thing, but with Bitcoins instead of emails. No reason that a transaction within a website should be broadcasted into the blockchain. 
Why someone would trust a website with their Bitcoins, I simply don't understand. Did we learn nothing from MyBitcoin? Apparently. 
@_date: 2012-01-02 22:56:13
There are a couple of things you could do to get around this problem, and there are a few things that the community is doing to fix it as well: 
First, you could just put the block chain on a normal hard drive and not use a USB flash drive. This would be the best option, but it costs you hard drive space and bandwidth, and it's annoying and a bit slow. However, it allows for maximum security if you encrypt the wallet, as well as maximum privacy (and with some help from Tor, maximum anonymity, if that's your thing). 
However, I think the basic idea that you're describing has (basically) already been implemented in the form of online wallets. There are services like InstaWallet and the now-defunct MyBitcoin that let you keep your Bitcoins in a wallet on their server. You can access the coins from any Internet-connected computer with a web browser. There are a drawbacks: the coins could potentially be stolen if someone hacks into the website's wallet (that is what happened to MyBitcoin), and you also get less privacy because the online wallet service's operators know your IP address and how many coins you have. 
However, there are two things that the community is working on that might be closer to what you're describing. First, there are reports that the developers are planning a version of the client that would act as a "thin client", where you wouldn't have to download the entire block chain. Instead, you would just hold your wallet.dat file. (You might also have to hold a little bit of the block chain as well, but not enough to matter.) [This]( (see number 4 in the article) has a bit more information on it. Someone else here mentioned Electrum, but I had never heard of it until just now so I don't know if that's what you're looking for. 
There's one other thing that will happen. Keep in mind that most of the block chain looks like "Person A mined a coin, then person A sent it to person B, and person B sent it to person C, and person C sent it to person D, and person D sent it to person E" and so on. At some point, the block chain that each client holds on their computer will be changed to be "person A mined a coin, but now person E has it", which means that a ton of space can be saved on each user's computer. 
**TL;DR:** what you're describing doesn't exist yet (or at least it isn't part of the official Bitcoin client), but yes, it's in the works. It'll be integrated into the official client in some form soon. Unfortunately, it won't be here for at least a few months. However, if you want this right now (and you're ok with sacrificing privacy and anonymity), you can use an online wallet (and take the small risk that their use entails). 
@_date: 2012-02-19 18:06:27
When the feature was implimented in 0.3.10, three people were given keys. Satoshi has one, but he hasn't been active in over a year, so he probably won't use it. The other two alert keyholders are Gavin Andreson (the current leader of the Bitcoin project) and theymos, the operator and creator of the Bitcoin Block Explorer and OP of this post. 
@_date: 2012-07-06 03:02:03
Regarding Adam Cohen's critique of Bitcoin: This man knows nothing about Bitcoin. At all. You might remember reading this paragraph in his article: 


Every single one of those situations *can't possibly happen*. They're literally not possible. 


Yeah, ok. But Bitcoin is software. Software and hardware aren't the same thing. Yes, there might be a software glitch (that the thousands of programmers, many of whom are security experts, who have reviewed the code haven't found) that takes down the network or steals everyone's Bitcoins, but that wouldn't be caused by hardware. Anyone who understands Bitcoin, or computer programming or engineering, would know this. Cohen clearly doesn't. 


Regular nodes have essentially no power over confirming transactions. Miners do. If a miner doesn't include every transaction since the last block was generated in the block that they generate, then they don't get to keep the block reward and the transaction fees that they deserve. The rest of the network just agrees that that miner doesn't get the coins. No miner would ever delay transactions, because it would cost them money. Lots of money. Like, an entire block. Which is about $330 right now. Why would someone say no to $330 for no reason? And if they *did* decide to leave out a transaction, then the transactions left out would just be confirmed by the next miner. It's unlikely that the same miner will find two blocks in a row, and almost impossible to win three in a row. 


You don't store your bitcoins anywhere. A common misconception of the bitcoin protocol is that bitcoins are stored on your computer. They're not. They're all stored in the blockchain, and can never leave it. All you have on your computer (aside from a copy of the blockchain) is your wallet.dat, which has the private keys you need in order to prove to the network that your bitcoins are really yours. My personal wallet.dat, which has been used for almost 500 transactions for over a year among over 150 addresses, is just bumping up against 4 megabytes. I will never *not* have enough memory on my computer to hold it. Besides, we've seen people who keep their bitcoins in the cloud. MyBitcoin ran off with all the bitcoins (or maybe they genuinely lost them all. Who knows?), and lost a huge amount of the entire Bitcoin economy, and all it did was leave a small dent in the price for a few weeks. Regardless, why one would leave their wallet.dat in the cloud, unencrypted, with no backups, is completely beyond me. No one should ever leave their bitcoins tied to addresses with their private keys held in a computer that anyone else could ever have access to, including (if not especially) Amazon Web Services. Cloud computing is useful, until they're able to steal all your money. 
**So yeah, I just criticized the crap out of *just one paragraph* in his critique of Bitcoin. That was *only one paragraph*. Don't worry about what this man says. He doesn't understand Bitcoin at all. He doesn't appear to have a very firm grip on Economics either.**
Granted, I don't have a very firm grip on Economics as well, but I don't claim to. If you want a better critique of Cohen's grasp of Economics in his essay, [this person]( on wrote a pretty good criticism of what he said about Bitcoin's so-called inevitable failure as a currency. 
You should ignore his remarks about Bitcoin being a scam, and Cohen agrees with me on this. As Cohen says in [this follow-up article]( (emphasis and ellipsis mine): 


That same follow-up article admits that much of his critique was fundamentally incorrect. In closing, consider that everything he said was wrong. 
Criticizing people is fun. I should do this more often. 
**TL;DR: COHEN DON'T KNOW NUTTIN' 'BOUT DA COINZZZ!**
@_date: 2012-10-02 13:54:37
Similar story: My dad used to be the guy who knew everything about computers. Wrote code in BASIC and Fortran. Constantly writing new macros for MS Office to help colleagues. Now he's a bit behind the times. Feels uncomfortable using any computer I own because they're all running Linux or BSD and he's still comfortable with Windows. His main form of online communication is email and he refuses to try Twitter or Facebook. He drops his laptop every few months. Just not really keeping up with the times (although I've managed to convince him that Bitcoin is a good idea and got him to invest a little bit of USD in it! And that was back when 1BTC=2USD, so his investment has multiplied by six, so he's now a pretty big fan of Bitcoin!). 
Doesn't take away from the fact that he's still an extremely smart guy who knows plenty about computers. He's just not extremely aware of much from the last five years. 
Anyway, a little over a year ago (when I was a senior in high school), I started my own mining rig. Built it up to a little over 3 Gh/s by December 2011. 
I'm now at a technical university studying computer science, and I haven't met anyone who uses Bitcoin (although I've mentioned it and gotten a few responses of "Oh, I've heard of that before. Isn't it that crazy Internet-money that's supposed to be super-secure and really safe or something?" which means Bitcoin seems to be getting better press than I thought). Feels good man. Never met anyone in HS who'd heard of it either, as far as I know. 
Still churning out 3Gh/s on my homemade supercomputer sprawled across the floor of my parents' basement. Makes for a good conversation-starter when relatives visit. 
@_date: 2012-01-06 21:54:04
There's a service that offers tourism in North Korea that can be paid for in BTC. I think that's probably the weirdest thing I've seen for sale with BTC. 
@_date: 2012-10-10 14:30:30
The first people exchanging it for other previously-established currencies were primarily people trading it on the forums and IRC. 
People indeed *have* created identical currencies. Because the Bitcoin client is open-source, all you have to do is change a couple of lines of code to create your own separate blockchain, and then *BAM!* You've got yourself a new currency! 
The problem with these new Bitcoin-based currencies is that they don't really offer any advantages over Bitcoin. There's little reason to choose any other "alternative blockchain" currencies because they're the same thing as Bitcoin, except less widely-used, less valuable, and less secure (because they have fewer miners and less mining power). 
They usually offer *some* difference from Bitcoin. Several of them have more rapidly-confirmed transactions. Litecoin, for example, confirms transactions about 4 times more quickly than Bitcoin. Bitcoin has an average of 10 minutes between each block mined (each mined block results in another confirmation for every transaction) in order to reduce traffic between clients. Other alt-chains like Ixcoin and I0coin have even faster confirmations. 
However, if I switch to Litecoin, then I can't transact with other Bitcoin users; I can only transact with other Litecoin users, and there are far more Bitcoin users than Litecoin users. Bitcoin is becoming more successful as a cryptocurrency simply because it's already a very successful cryptocurrency, unlike Ixcoin and Litecoin. 
Alt-chains don't really pose any threat to Bitcoin. If they did, Bitcoin wouldn't exist anymore or it wouldn't have any value anymore because anyone could create their own blockchain. 
There is, however, one exception: an alt-chain that has some real potential: Namecoin. It's really the only alt-chain that isn't meant primarily to be used to send money. It's based on Bitcoin, and it's a decentralized DNS server. Namecoin is to traditional DNS servers what Bitcoin is to Visa and the US Federal Reserve (or any other money-printing or transaction-authorizing organization). Although it hasn't caught on much in popularity (because it's quite young, and not easy-to-use yet), it works extremely well and is very secure. 
There are no alt-chains that pose any threat to Bitcoin, and there is almost no way that an alt-chain could be created that would be better than Bitcoin enough for people to switch to it. Aside from Namecoin (which serves a very different purpose than Bitcoin), there are no alt-chains that are successful. 
@_date: 2012-03-27 22:23:55
As someone who purchased BitPak and used it, I can confirm that BitPak is awful. Took forever to download the block chain (far longer than it should have, and I don't know why), and then the Bitcoin that I sent to the device didn't show up and I had to jailbreak it and find the wallet file on the device to rescue the lost coin. It's the kind of app that makes one wish Apple let users get refunds on deleted apps. Luckily it was only a few dollars, but it's still a few dollars I'll never get back. 
Also, I'm sure they meant it as a joke, but the developer name "Ominous Megacorp" didn't really make the pill any easier to swallow. 
@_date: 2012-08-06 04:09:26
Lemme take a stab at some of these. 
Your money is essentially held in the Blockchain, which is a giant file sitting on the computer of everyone who uses Bitcoin. Your bitcoins are held in your bitcoin address in the Blockchain and they can't be transferred to another Bitcoin address unless you have the private key that proves that you own those bitcoins. That's what's in your wallet.dat file. Your bitcoins aren't in your computer. They're in the Blockchain. You use your wallet.dat to transfer ownership of your bitcoins to another address. Without your wallet.dat, you've lost all those private keys, and those bitcoins are gone forever. 
Is it possible to use the same wallet on multiple computers? Ehh... sorta. Bitcoin is still "Beta" software. In theory, there shouldn't be a problem with using multiple computers. In practice, anything could go wrong. The software wasn't designed to let you use multiple computers. I would certainly suggest that you not use both of those computers with Bitcoin running on them at the same time, because that's just asking for things to go wrong. Maybe in the near future you'll be able to use the same wallet on both computers, but for now it's probably best to not do it. Another problem with that: it opens you up to double the security vulnerabilities you would find if you were using only one computer. 
I'm not good at explaining economics, but I'll give the third question a shot. It should be kept in mind that, like Bitcoin, gold doesn't have intrinsic value. It only has value because everyone else agrees that it has value. Bitcoin works the same way. If it were more do-able, we could all give up our own national currencies and all switch to dealing in gold, but a single grain of gold has so much value that it's just not feasible. Bitcoin, however, is divisible to eight decimal places and can be sent from any place on earth with Internet access to any other place on earth. I think that's a decent enough explanation. Best I could do, anyway. 
Yes, the growing size of the Blockchain will become a problem for your current laptop in the future. But by the time it becomes a problem, you'll have a new laptop. Bitcoin will most likely be able to run efficiently on any computer. As Bitcoin expands and needs more hard drive space and more processing power, everyone will have computers with more hard drive space and more processing power. 
@_date: 2012-10-09 12:53:36
The Bitcoin client pre-generates 100 extra addresses, so you only need to backup your wallet.dat after every 100 new addresses. 
Although it's better practice to backup more often than that, just in case. I back up after every 50 transactions, just to stay safe, but it's absolutely required that you back up after every 100 new addresses. 
The number of transactions made to an address don't matter. Bitcoin will automatically find all the transactions that have been sent to any previously-generated addresses by searching for them in the blockchain if you move your wallet.dat to a new computer. If you back up a wallet.dat with only one address and you send a million transactions to that address, you technically don't even need to back it up (because the transaction history is saved in the blockchain). But it's still safe to back up as often as possible. 
@_date: 2012-02-08 00:13:05
By "non-computer user", OP means a person who doesn't know much about computers. And by "computer", OP means the machine that most not-technically-inclined people think of as a "computer". The word "computer" can be used very broadly, but most people don't think of the processor that controls their car's anti-lock brake system as a computer (even though it technically is one). 
Also, somewhat unrelated: 


Actually, there are more handmade products made today than there ever have been in history. Including, coincidentally, almost all computers. 
@_date: 2012-01-03 22:48:05
Awesome! Thanks! Glad I could help! 
@_date: 2012-01-09 23:35:42


It already happened. There were a few people who were trying to sell child porn on Silk Road (in case you don't know, that's the Tor-based online illegal drug marketplace that trades in BTC). 
Silk Road decided to crack down on CP and it's now banned from the marketplace, but I'm sure others are going to set up Silk Road-like sites for exchanging CP with BTC. Eventually regular porn sites will give it a try. 
I completely agree with everything else you said. We do need a really easy-to-use client for "send 7 BTC to [address]" and other very simple operations. 
@_date: 2012-08-11 13:47:41
Thanks. Fixed that! 
@_date: 2012-10-09 14:21:48
Most transactions don't matter. Occasionally a transaction will send bitcoins to another address that belongs to you, and it has to generate a new address. But that's only when you *send* bitcoins. 
If all you do is *receive* bitcoins, then you're absolutely correct. You can receive a million transactions to an address and the history is automatically saved in the blockchain. But for *sending* transactions, the client sometimes moves bitcoins to a pre-generated address. 
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:29:40
I'm not an expert cryptographer, but I believe you're not mistaken. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 05:25:19
Moving into the future, Bitcoin will almost undoubtedly switch to ECDSA512, which would replace ECDSA in the current implementation of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-10-29 07:22:51
It doesn't have one. It's like a graphics card. It communicates with the actual computer (and the actual computer's operating system--in this case, Windows) through USB, the same way that a normal graphics card would communicate to the actual computer and its software/OS through PCI/PCIe. But the device itself doesn't really have any software (I'm not very familiar with the internals, so there might be a little bit of software inside the box, but it's not like it has an entire operating system in there). 
But it's like any generic ATI/AMD or nVidia graphics card. There's no OS. It's just plain ol' hardware. 
The software that's running on the main computer is Windows, which uses a command-line interface that looks like DOS to show information about the mining, like the speed and the pool it's connected to. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 16:58:14
The point of the article was that the Fed decided to add $16T just because some greedy rich old men wanted more money for themselves. With Bitcoin, the number of bitcoins grows at the same predictable rate for many years, and then it stays the same number forever and can't be changed, no matter how many greedy old men yell at it to make more. If there were 2.1*10^40 bitcoins it wouldn't be any different. The fact isn't that there are a lot, it's that the number can't be changed. 
@_date: 2012-06-22 13:25:52
[Link]( for the curious. 
@_date: 2012-02-20 03:26:42
As a professional computer animator, I can confirm that this is completely untrue. The whole CGI industry runs entirely on GPUs. Especially raytracing, which basically doesn't work at all on CPUs. Some raytracing software literally doesn't even work at all on CPUs (or at least isn't designed to work). Everything--all the special effects, all the animations, all the graphics--is done on GPUs, not CPUs. 
TL;DR You're wrong. 
@_date: 2012-07-26 05:33:49
The difficulty level readjusts after every 2016 blocks (approx. 2 weeks). If the mining is going slowly, then the difficulty level will be automatically lowered such that there are 2016 blocks generated (or mined) every two weeks (or about one block every 10 minutes). 
It's frustrating when it takes this long for a block to get mined, but the network automatically adjusts for it. 
If this is just an anomaly, then it's just an anomaly. There are blocks that take a while to mine that occur several times a day, but then we have other blocks that take less than two minutes, so it always works out. You just happened to be trying to send some coins at a time when it where there were several blocks in a row that took a while to mine. 
@_date: 2012-03-31 18:26:34
Version 0.6.0 has a few important improvement over version 0.5. Some of the main improvements are that Version 0.6 
* lets you make QR codes out of your Bitcoin addresses, which makes in-person transactions easier and faster. 
* won't take a bajillion years to sync with the network when you use the program for the first time. 
* will let you back up your wallet file easily through an option in the menu. 
* has a "sign message" option, which allows you to easily and quickly prove that you a bitcoin address is really yours. 
* has a whole bunch of important security improvements. 
It also implements network support for multisignature transactions. In a few months, you'll be able to make more secure transactions called multisignature transactions. If you use multisig, you can keep your coins on two devices, and the coins won't be sent to anyone else unless you confirm the transaction on more than one device, so if someone hacks one device, they can't steal your coins unless they hack the second device. However, it won't work at all unless a majority of the network supports it, so version 0.6 *supports* it, but doesn't let you actually *use* it. 
Yes, you have to download something. Visit [bitcoin.org](bitcoin.org) and download the client (in that little white box that says "Download" at the top). 
Make sure you backup your wallet.dat, just in case something goes wrong when you upgrade, or else you'll lose all your coins. 
@_date: 2012-01-24 20:25:45
That's way more organized than mine! I just have them sitting on the floor behind my main desktop tower (I bought better shelves to hold them, but they haven't arrived yet). Right now it just looks like a pile of wires and circuits and graphics cards laying around. 
But they work just as well as the seller said they do. Adjust some of the settings with MSI Afterburner, and you'll be getting just over 1.2 GH/s! 
@_date: 2012-10-04 12:22:41
Pretty good analysis, but you're not right about the first paragraph. 


Not true. In the year 2140 (probably in January, plus or minus one month), we *will* reach a point at which all Bitcoins have been mined. We will have 21 million bitcoins and there will never be any more bitcoins mined, ever. 
@_date: 2012-01-24 04:40:42
Did you buy the rig from [this guy]( The specs and price you're describing match the ones listed here perfectly. 
I bought two of them for $1,000, paid in Bitcoins (164.50 BTC). Set them up and started mining at just over 2.4 GH/s. I spent a little over half of all my Bitcoins on it, and it was completely worth it. In fact, it was probably one of the best purchases I've made in my life. I could probably resell each individual part and make a pretty nice profit for myself (though I'd rather just keep mining with them for now). My only regret about the entire purchase is that I should have bought a third rig. Other than that, they're perfect. 
I managed to get each rig to mine at about 1.215 GH/s, so each 5830 is mining at just a little over 300 MH/s (usually 303-ish). You should definitely be stoked. 
I don't know why they were being sold for such a low price. $500 for something like those is pretty incredible! 
@_date: 2012-03-28 22:39:54
Assuming you're using version 0.5 or later, if there are little spinning arrows in the lower-right corner, then it's just catching up. Once it has a bright green checkmark, then it's done. If the transactions are still unconfirmed when there's a checkmark, then you've lost the coins. 
It's extremely unlikely that you've lost anything. Just wait for the checkmark to appear. You can also mouse over the spinning arrows to see how many blocks still need to be downloaded. 
@_date: 2012-10-06 04:52:55
I'm willing to bet it's less than a year before someone creates an open-source Bitcoin-based decentralized stock exchange. It will be to GLBSE what Bitcoin is to the Dollar/Fed and what Namecoin is to traditional DNS. An alternative that can't be used to take advantage of others. 
I've figured people wouldn't trust Nefario very long and find a need to create a decentralized alternative within about five years, but I'm lowering that estimate to only one year now, considering that GLBSE is gone now. 
Never found it to be that useful anyway. I think I made maybe half a bitcoin from my investments there anyway. Nothing that could really make my wallet.dat very fat. And the site was a bit slow and tricky-to-use. If I had more experience with programming and more free time I'd jump on creating something like this in a heartbeat. 
@_date: 2012-10-03 15:22:29
Ha! Well, they've been well-maintained, and they haven't really been plugged in and unplugged more than a couple of times each, so the connectors should be good. The fans are kept in good, clean condition, so they're not too bad either. 
They've been running almost nonstop for a little over a year. The only thing that has any chance of breaking in a GPU is usually the fan, and the fans have been well cared for. 
Not extremely gently-used, but I've seen worse. But I'll still be honest about their former life before selling them so buyers know what they're getting into. 
@_date: 2012-01-09 23:45:32
Any gift card from any major credit card company works just as well. Back about 5 years ago when I was still underage, I had to set up a PayPal account to use eBay (long before Bitcoin existed), and they needed me to verify my age with a credit card. I couldn't use my parents' credit cards because those were already bound to their own PayPal accounts, so I bought a $25 Visa gift card and told PayPal it was mine (which it was), and they thought I was over 18. 
Porn sites use the same kind of verification. It's not difficult for an average 14-year-old to walk down to the supermarket and pick up a gift card. 
Legally, a 14-year-old really isn't supposed to do this. But credit card identification is really the only way that a porn site can verify age (excluding the "Click 'Enter' if you are 18" welcome screen that most of them use"). 
While legally your point still stands, in practice it's just not quite right. Any tech-savvy 14-year-old can buy from a porn site with USD with very minor inconvenience. 
@_date: 2012-01-28 00:50:00
My 0.02 Bitcoins: 
The only alternative blockchains that will ever have any importance whatsoever will be the ones that have uses that doesn't. Right now, Namecoin is the only one that does this (unregulated, uncensorable DNS). I think we'll start seeing more of these similar cryptocurrencies that are based on Bitcoin but that do something that doesn't involve transferring money. 
The ones that want to be used as real currencies won't get anywhere. None of them have yet. The ones that fix flaws in Bitcoin are simply fixing extremely minor flaws that really don't get in anyone's way. For example, several alt-chains are set up to generated blocks much faster than Bitcoin, so that transactions can be confirmed faster. But Bitcoin's confirmations only take about 10 minutes, and I don't care if I have to wait 10 minutes before I can spend my money, and I'm sure most Bitcoin users don't either. 
SolidCoin is dead. It was dead on arrival because it's proprietary and 51% of the coins are owned by the inventor and there's a heavy tax on every transaction. Bitcoin was invented just so we could get away from having other people control all our money. 
I think the other monetary-use alt-chains (like LTC) might be around for a bit longer. While I don't like or use them and I think they'll fail, at least they have an excuse to exist, unlike SolidCoin. They're open-source (which should be a no-brainer for a system that handles money), and no one person has all the power. They'll still probably never be worth as much as BTC, and they'll probably be worth next to nothing. 
Don't buy any of them. If you want to invest in cryptocurrencies, your best bet is Bitcoin. 
***TL;DR: The only ones that will ever be successful in the real world will be the ones that are meant to do something completely different from Bitcoin. Also, SolidCoin should just die.***
@_date: 2012-10-29 18:26:47
They need to be connected to a computer at all times. You can't mine bitcoins without being connected to the Bitcoin network (which basically means that you need an Internet connection, and therefore you need a computer). 
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:21:51


It'll probably be ECDSA512, but yes, it'll basically be like switching to a second version of ECDSA. 
@_date: 2012-04-20 20:28:40
I've been mining with [Slush's pool]( for nearly a year, with essentially no downtime (maybe a few hours total). The pool supports merged mining with Namecoin. Really well-run and very professional. 
Ninja edit: Apparently P2Pool also supports merged mining, though I've never tried it myself. It just says so on the bitcoin wiki. P2Pool is without question the best mining pool for its anti-DDoS capabilities and 100% uptime and 100%+ payout. So I'd actually suggest that, if you're willing to try P2Pool. But if not, Slush is still great. 
@_date: 2012-07-23 23:16:06


Wire transfers are expensive and take time and can't be used for micropayments or payments that need to be sent *right now*. Checks only work for people with checking accounts and can only be sent long distances through snail mail, which is slow, and checks can bounce. Prepaid cards (at least where I live) cost upwards of $3 just at their base price, and they take 2-5 out of it every month after a year just to steal some money because the companies who make it are run entirely by greedy assholes. Credit cards can't be accepted by regular people (you can pay me in Bitcoin any time, but I need to buy a Square dongle to take credit cards), and they have a heavy added cost. PayPal regularly locks people out of their accounts (and for some added fun, Google search "PayPal broken violin"). Google Checkout is basically the same as PayPal without having a bank account (there's nothing really bad about Google Checkout; it simply carries with it all the problems that credit cards, prepaid cards, et al. have). Western Union is the same as wire transfers: slow and expensive. Cash can't be sent long distances at all; it has to be given from the buyer to the merchant by hand, without ever using a middleman, like the Post Office (which works with checks). 
Bitcoin can be sent long distances, takes about five seconds to get from buyer to seller (regardless of distance), can be spent within a few minutes, can't be taken away like PayPal and prepaid cards, can be sent by anyone and to anyone, and can be received by anyone (unlike credit cards, prepaid cards, checks), can be used for micropayments (unlike almost all of them, except cash). Of course, they're missing all the economic advantages it brings, because all of those previously mentioned alternatives to Bitcoin are stuck with a currency that can be inflated at any time for any or no reason by the Fed (or by anyone who can bribe the Fed). 


Couldn't the same be said for... dollars? There's little downside to leaving USD for BTC, which means that we should all be wary of Dollars, right? 


Have you considered that they could just set prices in USD and charge whatever the USD/BTC rate dictates? 


Oh, okay. A system that hands out $16,000,000,000,000 to the too-big-to-fail banks to give their executives extra bonuses while ignoring the people who are actually struggling is perfectly fair. But a system that hands out money to everyone equally based on processing power (something in which anyone can invest as much as they want) is unfair. Ok, gotcha. That makes... no sense at all. 
Oh, and yes, it *is* unfair that Bitcoin's early adopters can rich, the same way that it's unfair that early adopters of Apple stock got rich. If I'd purchased only one share of Apple stock at its IPO and I sold it today, I'd be a millionaire several times over. *But that's unfair, right?*
@_date: 2012-04-12 00:32:49
Not dumb questions at all. 
1.) There will only be currency pumped into the system for a short time. Right now, 50 bitcoins are released every 10 minutes. Around December 2012, it will decrease to 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes, and the reward will continue to cut in half every few years. In 2140, there will be 21 million bitcoins, and there will never be any more than 21 million (at this moment, there are 8,765,000 bitcoins in existence). So currency is not "constantly being pumped into the system" because it will stop very soon. 
2.) Just like most other currencies, they are valuable because other people agree that they are valuable. I accept bitcoins because I know that I can spend them tomorrow, just like dollars. Bitcoins, like dollars, are not backed by anything else, so they have no intrinsic value. They only have value because other people agree they have value. 
3.) There's not much you can buy with them right now. If you're looking for places to buy things with bitcoins, try visiting at [the Bitcoin.org Trade page]( There aren't really any major companies (that I know of) that accept them, which is the main drawback of using them. However, they are still the fastest and most secure way to spend money on the Internet, and bitcoins are a pretty good investment. 
@_date: 2012-09-03 19:32:57
It should also point out that bitcoins can only be sent to anyone in the world who has a computer with an Internet connection and who uses Bitcoin, but that would be too long, and it's pretty obvious that they need to use a computer and Bitcoin to receive bitcoins. 
@_date: 2012-04-07 04:34:11
There are two important types of processors: CPUs and GPUs. 
CPUs are good at switching between different types of calculations pretty fast, and are also good at performing those calculations fast. 
GPUs are bad at switching between different types of calculations, but they are extraordinarily fast at performing those calculations. 
This is why we use GPUs for rendering video games and other high-power graphics processing. A GPU does the same calculation over and over. It has to figure out what colour a certain pixel is, and then do the same thing for the pixel next to it, and then the same thing for the pixel next to that one, and so on. The calculation doesn't change, and it has to be done very fast. 
We use CPUs for regular things, like browsing the web. When you browse the web, you do all sorts of different things. You move the mouse, you click on links, you look at pictures, you watch videos, you type emails. GPUs are bad at this because they don't switch from one calculation to another very fast, while CPUs do. 
So why should you care? What does this have to do with bitcoin mining and supercomputers? 
Well, most supercomputers use CPUs. Very few (and none that I know of) use GPUs. And for good reason. GPUs aren't really necessary for most calculations that people use supercomputers for. If you're using a supercomputer to research cancer or investigate terrorism, you'll probably want to stick to CPUs for that kind of thing. Most of the people who use these supercomputers are trying to run a program that they also use on a regular computer. They're just using the supercomputer because they need to handle a lot more information and they need to process it really fast. 
In order to seriously mine any Bitcoins, you need to use GPUs. Bitcoin mining, like graphics rendering, requires *lots* of calculations performed over and over and over, and doesn't require switching from one type of calculation to another. If someone built a supercomputer with GPUs instead of CPUs, then they could mine a lot of Bitcoins, but building such a computer would be *extremely* expensive. 
Renting a supercomputer to mine bitcoins would not work. You wouldn't mine enough bitcoins to offset the cost of renting the supercomputer. If someone *did* figure out a way to rent supercomputers to mine bitcoins, it would have caught on by now. 
**TL;DR: The "just rent a supercomputer and you'll be rolling in bitcoins" argument simply doesn't hold up. Bitcoin doesn't work that way. It needs GPUs to do any serious mining, and they don't make supercomputers with GPUs.** 
@_date: 2012-10-05 16:21:45
Well, I was on the fence about buying more BFL equipment for my rig and weighing my options about it. But not anymore! 
@_date: 2012-08-21 18:21:02
If every person on Earth used Bitcoin, we would have 215,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 addresses for each person. Collision is unlikely. [Source.]( 
So addresses basically aren't a problem. 
@_date: 2012-10-02 13:48:54
World's first ~~P2P~~ N2N decentralized currency? 
@_date: 2012-08-10 05:08:41
I'll take a stab at them. 
1. Bitcoin transactions don't go through servers. Each person running the Bitcoin program (or "client") is called a "node". Each node connects to several other nodes. When you send a transaction, you send it to all the nodes you're connected to, and then those nodes scan the transaction information to see that you already have that many bitcoins and that the transaction contains your authentic signature. Once they've checked these things, they send that transaction to every other node, and each node independently scans each transaction and sends it to every other node, and so on. We know that there's no way to fake a transaction because if you change any of the code to give yourself an advantage over other users, your client won't be compatible with the other nodes. 
2. Bitcoins aren't held in your wallet. Each node has a giant file on its hard drive called "The Blockchain". I'm simplifying here a bit. The blockchain is where your money is. You have a file on your computer called "wallet.dat", which stores some special keys. Those keys are what let you send bitcoins from your wallet to someone else's. If you only have one bitcoin and you try to send two, the other nodes will see this when they scan the transaction and will turn it down. They won't send it to other nodes and the transaction simply won't go through. 
Hope that helps a bit. 
@_date: 2012-02-20 18:35:42
The best solution I can think of (and I'm not sure it'll work perfectly) is moving the money from Tradehill to Dwolla to Mt Gox. But I'm not sure that'll work. 
@_date: 2012-04-07 14:21:40
Sorry, I should have been more specific about the ATI and Nvidia thing. There *are* supercomputers with GPUs, but they use Nvidia GPUs, which are terrible for mining. Nearly all mining is done on ATI graphics cards because they are much faster at it. 
There are no supercomputers for rent made out of ATI graphics cards. 
@_date: 2012-05-24 01:50:45
I really don't see much of a reason to use anything else. The other desktop clients (Electrum, Armory, etc) are also good, but I don't want to bother learning how to use them, and I have little need for the extra features that they provide. I just want to buy and sell things with Bitcoin, and the Satoshi client does that as well as any other client. It's about as secure as it gets, completely open-source, and very easy to use. It also lets me be a part of the network and help make Bitcoin stronger, so that other peers can download the blockchain faster. 
It might not be the best client for everyone, but it's still a very good client for everyone, and I think it's the best client for me. 
@_date: 2012-12-14 23:48:21
This, a thousand times. Bitcoin's users aren't all mega-libertarians. I use Bitcoin because it's a better alternative to credit cards and PayPal, not because I hate my government and its money. I just think Bitcoin is an easier way to spend money on the Internet. 
Stop complaining about the government and libertarianism. Bitcoin is an awesome technology for *everyone*, and making jabs at Bernanke doesn't encourage people to try it. Saying "this is what Bitcoin does and why it's better than Paypal/credit cards" will encourage people to try it. 
@_date: 2012-03-23 20:01:45
* You would convert "real" money into Bitcoin because it lets you spend your money freely over the Internet, which can't be done easily with traditional currencies like USD or Euros. 
* Mining has two important purposes. Mining bitcoins makes your computer perform complex calculations. These calculations are primarily used for confirming and verifying Bitcoin transactions, which makes sure users can't double-spend their coins. It also introduces new money into circulation. Without mining, Bitcoin would allow double-spending, which would make it completely useless because anyone could create as many coins as they want whenever they want. 
* For Bitcoin to cross over into the mainstream, people need to begin accepting it. If everyone else used Bitcoin, you would too. The main reason most people don't use Bitcoin is because so few people use it today. It's a "chicken-or-egg" problem. The more people there are using Bitcoin, the more people will begin using Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-08-10 13:43:09
Looks like you're not the only one who thought of this. According to [this]( P2Pool just went from about 300 GH/s to over 450 GH/s in only a few hours! 
@_date: 2012-11-11 19:57:28
Actually, that probably wouldn't prove anything. If the encrypted wallet was encrypted with the official Bitcoin client, then the only encrypted data is the private keys. The public keys, the address book, and the user's spending history are still visible to anyone with access to the encrypted wallet.dat file (unless the entire wallet.dat was encrypted with TrueCrypt or something like that). 
@_date: 2012-07-20 18:28:36
In the Bitcoin client's settings, you can switch units from BTC to mBTC (millibitcoins) or uBTC (microbitcoins). If we all had to switch to mBTC or uBTC, we could all just change our settings (or change the next version of the client to use mBTC or uBTC by default). 
So instead of spending 0.000001 BTC, you'd spend 1 uBTC. It's still the same exact thing, but we change the number and the units equally and keep the exact same value. Just like if the value of the US Dollar went up high and we all used pennies instead of dollars. 100 pennies would still be a dollar, but we would just use pennies instead merely for their convenience. 
@_date: 2012-10-02 04:03:17
They said the same thing about the Internet as well. In fact, "experts" have always been against anything that presents more change than they're used to day-to-day. 
@_date: 2011-12-29 04:26:24
Bitpak is the only one I know of, and I don't really like it much. I sent myself 1 BTC (Yeah, I know should have just sent myself 1 Satoshi). I used iExplorer (awesome Win/Mac program for navigating through the iOS filesystem) to find the wallet.dat file on the device and get it onto my computer. 
When I put the wallet.dat file into Bitcoin on my regular computer, it showed me the two receiving addresses that Bitpak had generated, but it had not received those coins. I reopened Bitcoin with my regular wallet.dat and it showed that it had clearly sent 1 BTC to the address that Bitpak had generated. 
I don't think that there is any malicious intent on the developers' part. The Bitpak-generated wallet.dat didn't show that it had sent the bitcoin anywhere. So, while I don't know what happened to the bitcoin, I don't think it was stolen (or at least, I have no reason to believe it or evidence to support such a belief). However, I don't know where it went or what happened to it. I guess it's lost forever... *sigh*
So I wouldn't consider Bitpak to be reliable, at least not yet. Hopefully the developers will continue. It has a nice interface and works okay. The main problem is that it simply doesn't do what it says on the tin, and that's a problem. 
Edit: ***After running Bitcoin with -rescan, I found the bitcoin that I thought was lost.*** So now I know for a fact that Bitpak's developers definitely had no malicious intent. However, considering all the trouble I had to go to, I simply can't suggest Bitpak as a reliable wallet manager for iOS. Hopefully someone will fix this someday. 
@_date: 2011-12-07 14:38:24


Basically anything faster than dial-up would be decent. The faster the better, but it quickly reaches a point where faster Internet speed doesn't help. 


You really only need enough space to hold the operating system. The mining software only takes up a few megabytes on your hard drive. 


Don't spend too much on this either. Average processors can handle it just fine. 


Most that come with your average computer should be able to handle it just fine. 


Also not that important. Just like with the hard drive, you need enough RAM to keep the operating system running. The mining software really doesn't use much RAM. 


You absolutely *need* to get a good graphics card. The graphics card is the part that actually does the mining (which is why you don't need much else). You can save a bundle on your mining rig by getting a really small and cheap hard drive and processor and low RAM, but you *need* a good graphics card. A decent graphics card might get you anywhere between 1 BTC every two weeks to a couple BTC every week. 
As for other traditional PC-type components, you don't really need a whole lot else. Once you get the miner running, the computer doesn't even need a monitor. 
To give you an idea of one of my miners: 
* Win7 64-bit and GUI-miner
* 10GB HDD from an old computer I got in 1998
* A below-average processor. I don't remember how fast (not at home right now, so I can't check), but definitely below-average. 
* Average FSB. Don't remember for this one, but not a very good one. 
* 512MB RAM. 
The mining on that machine is done by two ATI 6950s. They're really the only expensive parts of the computer. I'm pulling in just over 2BTC a week with that configuration. 
Edit: made the specs of my example miner a bullet list because I forgot that pressing "enter" one time on reddit doesn't do anything. 
@_date: 2013-02-07 19:25:31
Most of it is right. A few small issues: 
You got some stuff regarding addresses wrong. First, you called them "accounts" but, we actually call them addresses. In Bitcoin terminology, the word "account" is actually used for another feature. It's disabled by default and allows a user to "group" a bunch of addresses together, so that you can keep one wallet for multiple people and only mix bitcoins from specific addresses. This feature is only available when running Bitcoin from the command line, and usually only used by people managing a *lot* of bitcoins (probably for a company or large organization) so it's not a feature you'll probably ever use. Still, it's best to use the word "address" unless you're actually using the accounts feature, just to avoid confusion. 
You can also have as many addresses as you want. It costs you a very small amount of computer power to generate one (most computers can generate a new address in well under a second) and it doesn't affect the network when you create a new address, so you're allowed to make as many as you want! This is one of the main reasons that Bitcoin is anonymous *when you make the effort* to use it anonymously. Because you can make as many addresses as you want, it's harder to prove that one belongs to a certain person unless they make it clear that it's theirs. 
The ledger (which we call the Blockchain, but "ledger" is a good word for it) isn't a wiki. It's similar to one, but not quite. With a wiki, anyone can add or delete or edit information within it. With the Bitcoin Blockchain, users can only add to it. Information can't be "edited" the way that it can be on Wikipedia or other wikis. If I create an article on Wikipedia called "edwinhere is a doofus", someone can remove it, but with Bitcoin, if I send someone money, it's there forever. It can never be removed. 
The stuff on mining is mostly correct. Every time a miner "wins a block", that miner takes all of the transactions since the last block was generated (or, since the last miner won a block) and saves them into the Blockchain (the ledger). In doing that, they also put a Bitcoin address into that block, and all of the other Bitcoin clients around the world check to make sure that all of the recent transactions are included in that block, and then they now know that that miner is the winner of the block and that they now have 25 bitcoins. That miner can now spend those bitcoins (after 120 confirmations, just to be safe). 
Also, 1 bitcoin is 100 million satoshi, not 10 million. 
Other than that, you've basically got it perfect! 
@_date: 2013-02-06 14:36:58
I like Apple too, but WebKit really isn't theirs. WebKit was a fork of the already open-source KHTML and KJS, an HTML layout engine and JavaScript engine developed by the KDE developers. Apple made big improvements to KHTML in preparation to use it in a then-upcoming browser (now Safari), but Apple kept uploading their contributions to the code in big chunks all at once, and with very little documentation, which left a bitter relationship between the KDE developers and Apple. Eventually Apple gave up on the relationship and just forked the project entirely, releasing WebKit (which was almost the same thing as KHTML) under a new name with a new logo, and they made it look like they had done all the work. They were required by law to release it as open-source because it was already based on open-source code (in KHTML). WebKit was not much of an improvement over KHTML and KJS. 
Apple has helped out on many other open-source projects, and even started some of their own (like Grand Central Dispatch), but WebKit just isn't theirs. They didn't start it, and it's entirely their fault for not including enough documentation with their contribs that they had a difficult relationship with KDE that ended with the KHTML-WebKit divorce. 
They're still pretty good with open-source, but let's not pretend that WebKit was a charitable act on Apple's part to the open-source community. It's already being used by competitors like Google (in Chrome and Android), BlackBerry, and the late Palm (in webOS). If they could have un-open-sourced when they started developing it, they probably would have, because it even helps their competitors at least as much as it helps them. They'd have a huge advantage over their competitors if Google et al had to develop their own HTML layout engines and JavaScript engines. 
@_date: 2013-01-30 14:26:12
I remember being taught that it looks kinda like Pac-Man, and Pac-Man wants to eat the bigger number. Always worked for me. 
@_date: 2013-02-05 00:07:33
This! OP, it's best to leave the word "encryption" out of any description of Bitcoin. Use the word "cryptography" or any related word (like "cryptographic") instead. Bitcoin has no encryption but lots of cryptography. 
So, when describing a transaction, it's mention that it uses *cryptographic* signatures to confirm the identity of the spender, rather than *encrypted* signatures, because Bitcoin doesn't use encryption. Cryptography and encryption are *related*, but not the same. 
@_date: 2013-01-30 14:02:38
That's a very unbiased and well-written review of Bitcoin, but, I just *have* to ask: Does anybody here know where people are buying condoms with bitcoins? 
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:06:23
Another PSA: If you're mining, you should be mining on P2Pool. There are no fees kept for the operator because it's completely decentralized, and it keeps the mining operation decentralized just like bitcoin, so that the pool can't be taken over by anyone with malicious intent. 
Plus, sometimes people donate to P2Pool miners to encourage its use, which makes it the only pool to give its miners &gt;100% of the winnings. 
Support decentralization of Bitcoin mining! Join P2Pool! 
@_date: 2013-01-07 21:19:12


I could write better marketing literature in my sleep than Bitcurex. I don't know anything about the Bitcurex card, but "Imagine all these chick on the vacation that you will have to explain to" just *screams* "unprofessional". I think I'll just wait for Bitinstant's card. 
@_date: 2013-02-03 19:15:45
Did you read the article? PayPal is charging people *four times* what they're supposed to charge them. They are most certainly *not* credible. 
I don't agree with their policies, but it's not their policies that matter; it's their actions that matter. Their actions are eating up all the credibility they had left. 
If Bitcoin automatically charged you four times what you told it to transfer, you wouldn't call it credible. The same goes for any other payment processor. 
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:01:15
Bitcoin mining pools allow miners without much mining power to receive bitcoins in small amounts more frequently, instead of waiting a really long time. If mining has to be done solo, then it'll usually take months to find an actual block. If it's done in a pool, then you'll get a very small amount of bitcoins, but you'll get them every time that the pool wins a block. This also means that you'll find out quickly if you've set up your mining rig wrong. If you go for a few hours and you haven't received anything from your pool, then something's wrong. If you're mining solo and you go an entire month without winning anything, that's normal, so there's no way to know whether you've just been unlucky, or your rig isn't running right. 
Also, there's a difference between regular pools and P2Pool. P2Pool is the name of one specific pool that's peer-to-peer (much like bitcoin itself) and completely decentralized. Most regular pools charge a small fee (they keep like 1-2% of the block, or something like that), and P2Pool doesn't keep any part of the winnings because there's no owner, which means that each miner earns the most that they possibly can. 
@_date: 2013-02-15 04:30:35
all the countries in the world, except the **more than 50 countries** that can't transact legally with the US because of sanctions by the US and other governments. 
PayPal payments will also remain blocked to users in the **over 50 countries** where PayPal voluntarily blocks users. 
Bitcoin transactions, of course, will forever remain open to anyone connected to the Internet. That's kinda amazing. Almost beautiful. 
@_date: 2013-03-08 18:07:50
84 million, actually. But yes. 
The different hashing algorithm is used to make it harder to mine on a GPU and forces miners to use a CPU instead. 
@_date: 2013-01-14 01:52:11
I love how the donation page has a picture of a co-founder of Paypal in the "Donate with Google Checkout" box instead of in the "Donate with Paypal" box.
Kind of a pointless quibble, but... I mean...
It just looks like they were all a bit sleepy when the designed the website and nobody noticed it.
At least they didn't put the Paypal guy's picture in the "Donate with Bitcoin" box.
@_date: 2013-01-20 04:17:08
Ah shit. Sorry 'bout that, I didn't see that one. 
@_date: 2013-01-19 18:09:00
Some details: My mom (who does the NYT Crossword Puzzle a few times each week) told me that the puzzle on Thursday the 17th featured "Bitcoins, eg" as a clue. She says the answer was "ecash". I filled out that one clue for this picture, but she filled out the entire puzzle and found that "ecash" was the correct answer. 
When it comes to anything in technology, I don't consider it "mainstream" until my mom has heard of it and recognizes it, so I thought it was pretty cool that someone without much tech experience like her recognized the word "Bitcoins"! Plus, I don't really see any mention of Bitcoin anywhere except the forums and and a few other Bitcoin-related places online, so it was great to see that it's made a few inroads in the mainstream! 
I didn't see any mention of this crossword puzzle anywhere on so I figured I'd post it here in case anyone's interested. 
TL;DR: Bitcoins in the NYT crossword puzzle last Thursday. 