@_author: domainace
@_date: 2017-05-01 11:57:10
To paraphrase Psybawr here, I'd rather have vision than IT skills. All this stuff that seems so obvious in hindsight wasn't all that obvious at the time.
I was told about the potential for domain names as investments back in the early-mid 90's. I didn't act on it, and the couple of names I did register weren't real winners from an investment standpoint. I wasn't alone. I am sure thousands of people had the idea of domain names as a source of riches. Many, many thousands of people. And yet, maybe just dozens of those people acted on that information in any big way. Domains were $35 a year to renew, so getting 1000 domains with potential value was a 35K per year commitment. This was akin to buying magic beans for most people at the time. They were laughed at - literally. Of course, those dozens of people are all sitting comfy these days, and maybe a few 100 thousand people try to turn a profit buying domains today.
The funniest thing is, some of the guys who have made the biggest fortunes in domain names didn't get in until after the dotcom crash - when the chance to cash in on domains was already considered to be long taken. Some guys who have done very well have just gotten in the past few years, when the domain trade is said to be dying even. I jumped in very late, and was turning enough profit to make it worthwhile. But whenever I sell a domain, I am having a hard time finding one to replace it at a reasonable price. So many people are trying to do the same now.
Still, even when people say it's too late, there's often plenty of time for people who are smart, calculated and who can control their emotions. There are people making great money in domains now - and I just have to admit they are smarter, more capable and more aggressive than me.
Cryptocurrencies remind of domains, but they will be immensely more important and profitable. Not for everybody, though. Every boom throughout history has produced a dozen losers for every millionaire. There will be plenty of disasters along the way, and the trick will be to avoid them as best as possible. I certainly hope I can. The rewards for not screwing up will be significant.
Like domain names, there will always be people saying "I wish I got in back when the getting was easy." And even as they pine for the opportunities they missed, they will be missing the great opportunities right in front of their faces as they speak.
People in general are prone to regret. This is especially so in speculation. As much as I enjoy it, I feel the stress everyday. No matter how well I play a particular movement, I will regret selling to soon, buying too late, or not buying and selling enough. It's really a destructive emotion. You can be making 2 or 3 times your investment back, and want to die because you could have made 6 times back if you had waited.
It's a constant battle, but I tell myself all that matters is that I am making money. Thinking about the ones that got away will cause me to make mistakes.
I agree that we are in very early days yet. I didn't even look at bitcoin until Mt. Gox hit the news. I was curious about this "dangerous" bitcoin thing. But when I read the reports, I saw that bitcoin wasn't the problem - Mt. Gox was. Bitcoin, contrarily, was brilliant. So I thought it might be a good idea to buy a couple bitcoins while they were down, as a long term speculation. A little later, I saw I could take some profit. I was having some doubts about bitcoin viability, so decided to cash in a bit. While I was at it, I learned about Ether, which seemed like it had potential as well. So I spent about $100 buying 30 of those - just to cover my bases. I also bought some Darkcoin with my change.
A little later, I learn that Dash, the former Darkcoin is selling for $70. I realize I can't access my Darkcoin anymore. I can't find my private key for them either. Thankfully, I still had my Ether. I learned also that Bitcoin was having growing pains, and may have a hard fork. So I started looking elsewhere just to preserve my modest funds until Bitcoin worked things out. Now I'm all in. I know that a shitcoin can be the new bitcoin. I just don't know which one.
If I am lucky enough to make it through this gauntlet and come out on top, I am sure most people will think it was a foregone conclusion, because I was in early.