@_author: domoaregatomrroboto
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:43:48


Better clarify this, you don't want newcomers to think that there are actual people mining the bitcoins :) . I think what you meant is that in China, there are huge mining farms who operate mining (ASIC) machines which are then maintained by people who are being paid way less than what they should have. I don't think a human being can manually solve a bitcoin block in their lifetime. :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:59:21
Bitcoin and other altcoins as a currency is just the beginning, As Andreas Antonopoulos said, "You do not invest in bitcoin(cryptocurrencies) for the money. You invest in it for the technology". I would suggest going to his youtube channel "aantonop". He's one of the most eloquent speakers in the crptocurrency/blockchain world today, and can explain it in basic terms. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:47:41


As with most instruments and tools we have today. They were initially made to do good things or to make life easier for man. It's just that man has great capacity for evil, that he uses those items to do evil things. But it shouldn't affect the way we view the instrument. 


This, I think is one of the curses brought about by the same thing that makes blockchain interesting - at least in terms of bitcoin. The fact it is decentralized, means that to reverse a drug dealing transaction, the entire network must have concensus to do so. However, doing that removes the trust in the system because you're rewriting the public ledger, which should be absolute once a transaction is written on it. Funnily enough, if it wasn't for the use of bitcoin in the darknet, it wouldn't have gained the value it has today.  
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:26:20


As you should be, especially since the technology is still in its infancy stage. 
I can only speak with regards to bitcoin since that is what I have at least a little bit of knowledge about. When you buy a bitcoin, you immediately become part of the bitcoin network. That is a global network that basically acts as a public ledger. So you can see on the network how much bitcoins are on a specific wallet and you can see what activities went in/out of that wallet (The network doesn't know that you own the wallet, only you do - they can only see the activity and the amount)No one can transfer bitcoins out of your wallet unless they have your private keys. This is where security comes in, It is inadvisable to use a wallet that's online or from one of the exchanges or even a mobile wallet - safer than online/exchange wallets but still dangerous, since it can be hacked. I would suggest using either a paper wallet or a hardware wallet (Trezor or Ledger are the most recommended).
Also, I don't think that Cryptocurrencies will make traditional banks obsolete, I do think however that it will change how banks operate. Just like how the telecom companies were disrupted by the internet, but now those same telecom companies are internet providers. Bitcoin is a disruptive technology, and when a disruptive technology comes along with a clear and valuable purpose. You usually see opposition at first before wide adoption. 
I'm not sure if I explained it well, but heck, it's 12am and I've been awake since 3am yesterday. 