@_author: domodojomojo
@_date: 2016-08-17 01:34:25




@_date: 2017-12-01 13:47:10
We need ointment! STAT!
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:53:37
This is like all short questions is not easily answered. First decide where you stand on the enthusiast-speculator spectum. Enthusiast generally want to be a part of the movement and often have faith in the sociological aspects of that movement. Think iPhone users waiting in line the week before a new launch. Their value loss threshold is usually pretty high since the monetary consideration of the investment is almost entirely secondary. This may sound like I'm bashing but quite the contrary. I consider myself, at least partially an enthusiast. Every successful social experiment in history has required enthusiasts, often incurring significant losses, in its infancy in order to gain critical mass. Their participation drive the movement forward. A pure enthusiast would probably say "Who cares what the price is. The fact that people are buying and selling is what matters right now. That they have an interest is the key"
Speculators on the other hand want to make money. Their assessment of an investment is in terms of a risk/reward trade-off. The most notable aspect of cryptocurency is that it is self regulated. The plus side of this is that it is free from "legalized" meddling of geopolitical politics so the price will always be derived strictly from supply and demand forces. The downside is that this means there will also never be a price floor or ceiling. In a few weeks the price could be 2 cents or 40k (granted either of these outcomes are nearly impossible because of corrective market forces but nothing fundamentally prevents them from occurring and are not historically unprecidented. See "tulip bulbs"). This, for me personally, puts bitcoin in the high risk category. 
But the main reason I put it in high risk is that curency's demand is fundamentally derived from faith in its security and utility. While In my opinion bitcoin has proven it's security over and over again it is still lagging with regard to utility which is the ability to be traded for goods or services. When I can go buy gas and groceries then later pay my rent and electric with bitcoin then the risk associated with demand well drop substantially. So for now the demand is held up almost entirely by those wanting to get into bitcoin or expand their position. The supply is from those trying to decrease their position or miners themselves. It can be subject to hoarding or flooding or other forms of manipulation.
Buying and selling in high risk isn't necessarily a bad thing. Someone that can assess credibility of news sources and anticipate the ramifications regarding group psychology can make boat loads of money with the right decision making and well timed calls. Those that can't but believe they can will sometimes lose everything. So the rule of thumb for responsible investing should be "don't put in what you don't want to lose".
Ultimately it goes back to what your goal is and where you are between the two. 
I need to put this disclaimer in here that I am not a financial advisor or analyst in any way shape or form. The above is opinion only and should not be considered advice. I am in fact an owner of some amount of bitcoin and that fact should be taken into account when considering my opinions.
TL;DR: If you're an enthusiast buy whenever you feel comfortable with whatever commitment you're willing to make. If you're a speculator then what does you're info at hand tell you? Don't bet what you can't lose.
@_date: 2018-06-14 22:21:35
I think that the underlying problem here is emotional investment.  
When almost everyone was following the rule “only gamble what you don’t mind losing” the stakes were low and the mood jocular.  Questions were answered and memes were coined because the early adopters were jazzed about the tech and potential. Most importantly people were willing to admit when they were wrong because the emotional cost was low.
The mania of 2017 changed so much of that. As the value skyrocketed many people, a good chunk of which had never even heard nor understood crypto, were buying more than they could comfortably afford. They were being rewarded with daily sometimes hourly gains that they could never realize any other way.  
Now, while most people think they would walk away from a slot if they hit a jackpot in reality the majority of us will play just a little bit more.  It’s straight up Pavlovian conditioned behavior and damn near nothing feels as good as making a bunch of money for doing nothing. Vegas doesn’t work if this didn’t hold true.
So when the party ended and the price came down the individuals began to define their bitcoin identity by their entry point and position. It wasn’t a game anymore. It was an investment in their future which is an emotional one. Individuals will defend their position with ferocity because they need to be right for them to feel safe.  
Dissenting opinions don’t enlighten people in that mind set. A dissenting opinion, even a well intended one, worries them that they might be wrong, that they made a mistake, that they have no control of the future, and that they may not be able to recapture what is lost.
“There’s no ‘I’ in ‘denial’.”
@_date: 2015-07-16 18:05:08
This is the downside of an unregulated currency system. Good with the bad.
@_date: 2018-11-21 04:30:43
During the mania of last year I told my friends that there were only two reasons you should ever get into crypto. Reason 1: you believe that it will supplant the very notion of fiat and become the new standard measure of value. Reason 2: you think you can sell them to the greater fools that believe in reason 1 for more than what you paid for them.
For the record, I’m a greater fool that believes in reason 1.
@_date: 2018-07-19 17:27:41
Not yelling. Just making bold statements.
@_date: 2017-09-30 18:29:35
Let's be realistic here. Those are at best the wrappers for the cheeseburgers.
@_date: 2019-09-29 19:59:58
“I for one prefer my monetary system to be based on the group think actions of sociopaths who lie to those they swear to serve.”
@_date: 2019-05-17 13:43:43
I guarantee that this man has done more for bitcoin and cryptocurrency than any of you hodr zombies. The end goal is medium of exchange, not profit. This early transaction for a real world item helped to publicly establish a real price point that brought trust to the system. It wasn’t a speculative transaction, fiat for crypto. It was bitcoin working as it was intended to work. So for all you guys bashing this man while waiting for your all time high cash out point, fuck off back to car max to pick out your lambo.