@_author: donbindner
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:13:44
With transaction fees currently over $12, I think you need a bigger investment than $200 or $500 for purchases to make sense.  People can call names and deride BCH, but something's got to give here and fees on the alt-chain are under a penny.
@_date: 2016-09-12 14:35:50
I started to sign up with them today.  But I stopped at the "link your bank account" step.  They only link to about 12 different banks, and their linking mechanism is for you to give Glidera the username and password for your online banking account with your bank.
That's embarrassing.  There's a reason that every other entity links your account by having you verify sample deposits.
You seriously want to trust Glidera to handle your money?  I wish I'd known how incompetent they were before I uploaded a picture of my ID.  I'd be just as happy if they didn't have any of my information.
Seriously?!  Asking for your login and password is the kind of thing a stupid college kid would do, not someone who "gets security."
@_date: 2016-09-12 16:00:21
I will never consider them.  Step  of the signup procedure was to hand over the username and password of my online banking account at a financial institution.
That is so utterly down the road of "doesn't understand security" that I contacted customer service and asked for my account data to be deleted before it gets archived in a backup that I also don't trust them to secure properly.
@_date: 2016-09-12 16:15:39
I agree.  Step  of the signup procedure is to hand over the username and password to the online banking account at a financial institution.
No one that incompetent should be handling your money.
I'm disappointed by the number of wallets that incorporate Glidera, because it suggests a kind of respectability that clearly isn't there.
@_date: 2016-09-12 19:32:56
I'm distrustful of Glidera anyway.  Step  of their signup process (if your bank is on their list) is for you to enter the username and password of your online banking account.
No one who really valued your security would ask you to compromise an account at another institution, even temporarily.  In fact, if you are willing to compromise someone else, that should be a litmus test for, "You're not really ready to do Bitcoin."
Under those circumstances, Glidera shouldn't want you.  After all, if you'll compromise Bank of America willingly, why wouldn't you compromise Glidera?