@_author: donbrazil
@_date: 2017-11-10 07:35:53
It would be as if a totally unique paper money printed for use between only two parties equal to an amount of digital gold that was put up in advance. 
Still trustless and they can trade that unique currency back and forth endlessly without fees. But that is not how most value exchanges work in real life. It may work well in specific use cases but is not the panacea it's made out to be. 
The upfront cost of funding the channel and with high fees for opening and closing this is actually a worse situation for most real world value exchanges.
This is why people feel it will lead to a hub-and-spoke model rather than a truly decentralized peer-to-peer system.
@_date: 2017-11-10 07:38:03
censor mods must be out celebrating.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:04:37
Indoctrination then?
Read the "must read" post, it's a compelling and consistent narrative. It aligns with my initial thoughts on the scaling debate (2nd layer needed eventually, etc.)  and the romantic notion of "open source devs" against centralizing miners.
But I've looked more deeply and have come to another conclusion. The same centralization that is feared in regards to miners and exchange CEOs is just as dangerous in a development team.
I'm recognizing this appeal to "the smartest guys in the room" similar to other collisions of technology with economics: Long Term Capital Management and Enron also had the "best" coder mathematicians "quants" and look how spectacularly they failed.
Bitcoin is both a software and an economic program. I think these "Core" devs understand the software and perhaps honestly want to make it great. But they've stalled, resisted and pushed off scaling and allowed bitcoin use value to degrade while contemplating their "idealized vision" of a someday solution.
Meanwhile bitcoin is no longer useful as a means of exchange on the level that it has been since inception and has been the source of it's value, and by fixating on small blocks they appear to intend to continue this degradation until some future solution with an unknowable effect on centralization, incentives, security and legal vulnerabilities, etc.
I now see these arguments around "moral hazard" of hard fork and "backroom takeover" as reaching-for reasons from an outlook that wants to constrain bitcoin and invents menacing intentions for everyone who wants bitcoin to continue to grow and advance on it's own design merits.
Also based on personal experience as a software engineer I'm starting to recognize some of the worst tendencies of our ilk in the core devs statements and responses. All the hubris, all the condescension, all the rigid idealized stances.
I now suspect something along these lines: The current configuration of core devs maneuvered to inherit control of a work of genius combining software &amp; economics. They understand mainly the software side. They would not have invented such a system for the very reasons they object to now (doesn't scale infinitely, doesn't match VISA for capacity). They're attempting to dictate an idealized software solution to eclipse what exists on an entire ecosystem which is being strangled in it's cradle by rising fees and uncertain confirmation times.
This motivation of the core devs to push bitcoin into a less useful "settlement layer" too early is a big problem that they need to reflect on.
As a normal user and holder of bitcoin I support block size increase and the decentralization of development as well as mining, wallets, exchanges, merchants, etc.