@_author: dongerdave
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:40:12
I wouldn't reject discussion of it on a bitcoin forum though.
I've yet to actually state whether I like or dislike BIP101.
I'm also interested in the mission and I'm deeply interested in keeping an honest and open discussion for that. Calling BIP101 an altcoin doesn't help.
Banning discussion of intrinsicly bitcoin related subjects, such as encouraging migration to a related concept, does not help.
If there were such a non-proof-of-work but bitcoin-related concept, I wouldn't want to personally name it bitcoin, but I wouldn't want to say "so we shouldn't discuss it or encourage moving to it here".
I'm mostly arguing against your statement that this discussion is spam because it's not about the current exact definition of bitcoin, but rather about something related to it which could be a potential future for it.
@_date: 2015-12-28 05:50:42
Bitcoin is the longest proof-of-work chain from Satoshi's genesis block via bitcoin mining. Bitcoin mining is any operation that builds on the genesis block chain with the intent of including bitcoin transactions.
An altcoin is one that does not originate from Satoshi's genesis block or, if it does, is kept in existence via pinning or other trickery.
There's also no doubt that there could be some hardforks in bitcoin's (e.g. fix the timewarp issue) future which I doubt you would have such issue with.
I don't see how voting for changing the consensus protocol, while still maintaining the goal of lengthening the longest genesis blockchain with further bitcoin transactions, can possibly be considered an altcoin by any reasonable definition.
@_date: 2015-12-28 04:36:01
Note that the [core roadmap]( includes MULTIPLE SOFTFORKS.
That's a future change to bitcoin. Adding a new OP\_ is a change to bitcoin.
What the fuck is this FUD?
I absolutely wasn't saying further subdivision was increasing the number of coins, but it's almost the same change. It's a change of requiring all clients to say something is valid (more coins vs more bits used for the floating point decimal). Code-wise, there's hardly any difference. Economically, ideologically, I know they're somewhat different, but they both require the same sort of change.
Your definition of altcoin doesn't make any sense to me.
@_date: 2015-12-27 20:52:55
You realize there has been frequent discussion of changing bitcoin core to subdivide into smaller units than satoshis if needed, right?
That discussion is saying "We'll change BTC core in the future".
Can we just hurry up and ban all discussion of bitcoin since it might change in the future (and, in fact, will).
There's also discussion of changing BTC to use the LN, which is similarly a future change.
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:03:57
You've totally derailed the conversation from the original point.
But yeah, if something doesn't include securing transactions via proof-of-work, it'd be so wildly different than what bitcoin is now or what Satoshi described that I don't think it would be honest to co-opt the same name for it.
If there was a clear migration path from the existing bitcoins to this new presumably store-of-value which served the same purpose, maybe? That's the sort of thing that depends on a lot of details we don't have.
But BIP101 is nothing like that. It's not complicated. It's just a single understandable change in consensus rules at its core. It's not changing any of the fundamentals. It's not counter to what satoshi described (and satoshi never described a small blocksize limit in his paper or original implementation).
What you just commented is meaninglessly off in left field for this discussion.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:09:38
Let me give you an analogy that shows how businesses do that every day: translating their sites / apps. I don't know what languages GrubHub is in, but they probably *do not* have a version available in Klingon for that small fanatical crowd that insists on trying to do everything in Klingon. They probably don't have a Norwegian version for those people who moved to America but prefer their native tongue.
That is quite similar; there's a tiny market segment which is not worth the resources to please.
I personally plan to use GrubHub more for their needling this terrible currency.
@_date: 2016-03-08 03:50:59
They're no longer lower than ACH fees (~.02c for hundreds of dollars). Most banks just eat ACH fees, making them have no fee at all.
They're not lower than debit cards in european countries / the netherlands, which have zero fees.
They're not lower than google wallet, which has zero fees.