@_author: dongrickles
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:01:34
basic supply and demand.  The value of bitcoin is skyrocketing based on mostly demand alone.  if a shit ton of people try to offload their bitcoins at once then supply increases as demand decreases, so the best chance an individual has at selling their bitcoin is to undercut other sellers.  This starts somewhat of a chain reaction depending on the level of supply/demand offset and the price of bitcoin diminishes. 
Since there is no real tangible backing of bitcoin's value (it isn't backed by assets of a company, business plan, natural resources or minerals, etc.) so there is no real way to predict it's "real" value.
Look at it this way.  The demand for Bitcoin will keep increasing because people *believe* the demand will keep increasing, therefore the price will continue to increase.  A bitcoin can be worth $10 just as easily as it can be worth $0.10, $10,000 or $100,000.  The actual block chains of data haven't changed.  However, cost of other goods and services remain somewhat static.  People tend to think of "a lot of money" as being the salary they make in 1 year. There is evidence that people on game shows (like "Who Wants to be a Millionaire") will let their money ride until it reaches a point at which the prize is about equal to their yearly salary.  That is when people tend to cash out since they see that as "a lot of money" and the risk of losing it becomes harder to justify.  
I'm not a bitcoin expert and I'm not a professional economist, but I predict that Bitcoin's value will plateau at the point when a large enough number of bitcoin wallets reaches or slightly exceeds the yearly salary of the owners of the wallets.  Given the recent hype and media coverage of the increase in bitcoin's value, demand is likely going to continue so people may let it ride a little while longer.  If people let the value of their wallet exceed their yearly salary for a period of time and if my logic behind my prediction is correct then it would not be unreasonable to assume there will be a larger crash when the media hype dies down.  The supply/demand will slowly (in relative bitcoin market terms, so a few days maybe?) start to offset. When people notice it then there will be a bigger crash as people realize that the dollar value of their wallets is high enough where they are no longer comfortable with the risk.  If they can pay off their debt or buy a car or even a house (tangible value items, including debts) then why *not* sell?  After all, we measure the value of Bitcoin in US dollars, so clearly that is the ultimate goal of acquiring Bitcoin. 
Edit:  Bitcoin exchange companies (and only exchange companies, due to the otherwise "anonymous" nature of Bitcoin) can easily perform an analysis of the average wallet size.  Some (or maybe all) of these exchange companies need access to the bank accounts of the wallet owners, depending on the data they are able to collect of these owners, they may be also able to determine the salaries or average annual income of their customers. Otherwise, they can go by known market statistics of the average bitcoin buyer. Thus, they would have the best advantage in determining the most likely point at which people will likely start selling their bitcoins.  Since bitcoin doesn't have the same regulations as the stock market you can bet that insider trading will run rampant - meaning that the people in the know who work for these exchanges can and will sell/buy their own bitcoins based on information that is not available to the public.  These exchanges enforce delays in which people are able to sell off their bitcoins.  What do you think will happen in a massive crash when a ton of bitcoin owners want to cash out for US dollars?  These exchanges will not be able to afford the payouts since they use US dollars to operate. The delays will allow the exchanges to do whatever they want at your expense.  It will be Mt. Gox 2014 all over again.  People who have made a decent profit should get out sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2017-12-14 13:56:38
Well, clearly you could be making money in the short term.  Personally, I have a hard time buying something that essentially boils down to an incarnation of demand for U.S. dollars.  
I'll explain this in another way:  We measure the value of dollars in dollars. The actual value of the dollar will fluctuate based on many economic factors but I'm mainly referring to the simple point that right now, $1 = $1.  We only assign Bitcoins value because we know 1 Bitcoin is equal to $16,000-$17,000.  What if Bitcoins were only measured in Bitcoins?  What if there was no way to translate Bitcoins to dollars?  How would you value a bitcoin?  What would it be worth?  Think about that a minute, I'll wait.
Ok, so does a bitcoin represent part ownership of a profitable company? Does it represent ownership of an amount of a material substance of value, like gold or oil?  No.  It represents ownership of a verification of a completed financial transaction using that currency.  When will that actually be relevant?  Let's say I sell you a car for $5,000.  We have a 3rd party involved to act as a witness and verify that your $5,000 is real and that I received the money.  There is no verification you got the car.  The 3rd party person/witness is given, say, $20 for his participation. This $20 doesn't come from you or me, it comes from the World Bank who prints that extra $20 for this very purpose.  
When you think about it, what purpose did that 3rd party really serve?  The transaction is complete.  If I never delivered the car, they don't care.  It wouldn't matter if they did because we are both anonymous.  If I did deliver it and you were happy with your purchase, what value would even a receipt hold?  The only thing that came of this process is that the value of that $5000 diminished slightly because now there is an extra $20 out there floating around.  Therefore, only person that comes out ahead is the 3rd party and the rest of the economy suffers.
I'll get back on track - basically, we identify and measure the value of Bitcoin with dollars. Bitcoin is supposed to be its own currency, yet without another currency there is no value reference for the value of Bitcoin since it has no inherent value itself. Only the demand for Bitcoin is what is driving up the value. You can buy bitcoin and make a profit by reselling it for dollars. That is its value.  If that is everyone's plan then there is no logical way this market won't see a massive crash.  Seems like a bad idea to buy into something you know is destined to *very* rapidly lose value at any given moment.
 Look up the "Dutch Tulip Bulb Market Bubble" for a great example of what is happening right now.
To answer your question (if you are even stil reading this), sure, buy bitcoin. Be prepared to lose it all but maybe bitcoin will keep increasing in value. Be smart and sell sooner rather than later.  It might keep going up in value and you might kick yourself for selling "too soon" but you can't think like that.  After all, the only thing you bought with your money is the gamble that demand for something of undefinable value will keep increasing. It is a cycle of buying into increasing demand for people buying into demand itself.  So good luck with that. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:30:58
I really want this to become a long term reddit thing, like the "it went *okay*" comment and the "broken arms guy". 