@_author: donotregister
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:31:49
There is already good discussion in the comments of the article you linked. 
But yes, I'd love to step outside. 
"The article is a counterpoint to claims that we can scale to extremely high on-chain throughputs WITHOUT making any changes to the existing technology."
"&gt; And each time an SPV client connects and asks to find any transactions for its wallet in the past day, four full nodes must read and filter 500GB of data each.
No one is implying that we can scale to a billion users without any changes to the codebase as it exists today. "Existing technology" also includes things we absolutely know how to do but aren't in the codebase today.
Future technology includes things like Lightning that are unproven and may massively fail to deliver on the claims of many of its supporters. Betting today's scaling problems on unproven future technologies just because today's codebase can't scale to billions unchanged is foolish."
"That article was looking at 1 billion users overnight using outdated tech. In some ways this article was just as skewed as the LN article that assumed a random rather than a scale-free topology.
"A straw man is a common form of argument and is an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent's argument, while refuting an argument that was not advanced by that opponent."
Technically, this article is 100% correct. But politically, this is the worst kind of straw man, and I expect better of Jameson."
"The full node would (and does) read from disk for each SPV request. Of course it would be possible to rewrite how the full node handles this logic by doing caching or by "lazy loading" and deferring responding to SPV clients until it can batch a lot of requests for the same blocks together. This would likely give some decent efficiency gains.
I'm not assuming 1 billion transactions tomorrow, which is why I provided calculations for CONOP everywhere from 1 tx/s to 10,000 tx/s. The reason I brought up the VISA and billion user numbers is as a direct response to claims that have been made recently."
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:04:38
"Businesses that receive frequent payments will probably still want to run their own nodes for more independent security and quicker verification." 
Seems to me that between the miners and businesses running full nodes, we wouldn't likely have any issues scaling.
Where is the issue?
