@_author: donovanbtc
@_date: 2013-10-10 20:15:20
The bank isn't going to close your account. Over 1/4 of a million people already send money directly to and from their account to Coinbase and the banks don't seem to care.
@_date: 2013-10-13 02:47:40
This is a huge inconvenience for me. I have been regularly buying bitcoins from Coinbase and have never had a problem. I would always receive the BTC instantly and my checking account would be debited within two or three days. But now that they are asking for a backup credit card, I cannot use their instant buy feature. They do not accept debit cards and I have never used a credit card. I didn't think credit cards were still a big thing, myself and everyone I know uses debit cards. Cards that make you go into debt are a thing from the '80s and '90s right? Yet here is coinbase requiring an old fashion credit card and rejecting all my debit cards. Now I cannot fully verify my account and am unable to buy BTC instantly.
The only reason I used coinbase was the convenience of being able to buy BTC instantly. If I have to wait a few days to get my coins, then I might as well go through CampBX and save 50% on commission fees. I no longer have any reason to use coinbase.
@_date: 2013-10-13 02:43:38
This is a huge inconvenience for me. I have been regularly buying bitcoins from Coinbase and have never had a problem. I would always receive the BTC instantly and my checking account would be debited within two or three days. But now that they are asking for a backup credit card, I cannot use their instant buy feature. They do not accept debit cards and I have never used a credit card. I didn't think credit cards were still a big thing, myself and everyone I know uses debit cards. Cards that make you go into debt are a thing from the '80s and '90s right? Yet here is coinbase requiring an old fashion credit card and rejecting all my debit cards. Now I cannot fully verify my account and am unable to buy BTC instantly.
The only reason I used coinbase was the convenience of being able to buy BTC instantly. If I have to wait a few days to get my coins, then I might as well go through CampBX and save 50% on commission fees. I no longer have any reason to use coinbase.
@_date: 2013-10-01 01:00:29
Non-instant transactions on coinbase take about 3-4 business days.