@_author: dontbanmebro9
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:47:12
Because you're gambling.  It going up doesn't make you right.  It makes you a lucky gambler.  Get out while you can. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:54:47
The dollar is a fiat currency with a stable value based on confidence.  Sure they dollar could crash tomorrow, really unlikely though.  Bitcoin on the other hand will never be a real currency because it's not stable. Why is it not stable? Because everyone is speculating on it's value and being told not to even spend their coins because it might fuck up the scam for other people.   I was pretty interested in learning more about bitcoin until I came to this sub and learned more about it, it's just a pump and dump scam.  Maybe it wasn't intended to be but that is what it has become. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:19:58
People are going to lose even more faith in cryptocurrencies when they lose on their gambles.  When you need to buy something with a cryptocurrency you convert those "coins" into dollars or other currencies.  You TRUST that those dollars are going to be worth as much in purchasing power today as they were a year ago or a year from now.  Inflation is a problem but it's not as unpredictable as something like bitcoin.  If I loan you a bit coin today and want it paid back next week, what are you going to be giving me?  Twice what I loaned you? Half as much?  Or will you say "pay me back in it's value based on THE DOLLAR" because that dollar is a stable store of value.  You can criticize the federal reserve, money printing, inflation until your head turns blue but that won't change the fact that yourself and everyone else trusts it's stability a billion times more than the dollar.  If I loan my friend 100$ today, I know that a week or a year from now that 100$ is going to be worth almost exactly the same amount.  If you make that same loan in bitcoin, you're taking a gamble UNLESS you convert that payment into another stable currency first.. The volatility of bitcoin means it will never be a true currency because people are just using it as a speculative asset.  Bitcoin has zero use as a store of value unless you're willing to gamble.  
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:45:58
Nearly everyone talking about bitcoin is talking about how great of a speculative asset it is.  "Omg it keeps going up! I'll never sell cause it's gonna keep going up"... RED FLAGS PEOPLE.  What happens when there's a major move down, you finally realize you gotta get out fast and theres no buyers at anywhere close to what you bought them for or could have made a day before?  Everywhere I look I see no one using Bitcoin as a currency (unless its for blackmail, drugs, scams, etc..) and EVERYONE using it as a get rich quick vehicle, speculative asset, etc..   4000$ per coin is high as fuck.  Get greedy and maybe it'll be even higher at 10,000$ or maybe it's going to 100$ over night....  
TLDR: Why not just goto a fucking casino??? 
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:35:01
My bad.  The way I see it is bit coin is going to get heavy, people will start "investing" in Ethereum or one of the other hundreds of cryptocurrencies, eventually Ethereum gets heavy, people pump up yet another crypto... endless speculation and profit taking / losses based on hype.  There's no doubt you can make money here but essentially it's just a pyramid scheme, you can't make money unless someone else invests even more money on an endless cycle.  If trying to predict which ponzi scheme is going to be the most profitable day to day I guess have at it but one wrong gamble or wait a day too long and you'll lose. Nothing is driving any of these currencies right now other than irrational exuberance. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:51:17
There are plenty of factors at play here totally unrelated to the dollar.  Prices going up due to emerging economies competing for limited resources, housing bubble bursting, recession, etc..  But as for essential goods and services have remained *relatively* stable despite all of these things.  Especially compared to cryptocurrencies.  If you think the vast majority of people have lost faith in the dollar or the fed, go out on the street and ask some random people what they think of these issues.  They're going to say "huh? federal reserve wtf is that? bitcoin? I think I've heard of bitcoin..." 
I agree we have problems with the economy but gambling your money away on bitcoin because people in your echochamber are obsessed with crushing the central bankers or because you want to make a quick but on the bitcoin craze... not going to solve our problems. In fact, if bitcoin replaced the dollar then the whole system crashes and we're totally fucked.  
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:30:56
Okay... and how much of that is going to be in BitCoin?  Other AltCoins have already improved on the BitCoin concept.  The only reason speculation is so heavy on BitCoin is that it was the first.  There's also a good chance governments &amp; central banks will crush these "currencies" and drive their value to near zero at any given point and time.  BitCoin might be worth 4200$ today, by tomorrow maybe its worth 200$ and Ethereum or one of the hundreds of other AltCoins will be pumped.. then dumped.. for something that is even faster, more hyped, more speculated on...  BitCoin is worth something because the people buying it are hoping it will be worth even more tomorrow.  Maybe they're right, maybe they're wrong.  There's nothing special about BitCoin.  It will be replaced by something better soon and if you don't speculate on which thing will replace the other thing endlessly you're just gonna lose money.  AKA, you're gambling. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:48:34
I hope you have time to reverse this and turn his smile into a frown for tomorrow's image. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:05:30
Laugh now, cry later.  You're counting your chips way too early. You are all gambling, plain and simple. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:51:48
Dude...  Are you guys listening to yourselves?  Don't spend the money you made speculating because it's gonna hurt OTHER speculators.... THINK ABOUT THAT.  That's PONZI SCHEME TERRITORY. You're treating bitcoin like a scam speculation vehicle and are nervous about other people cashing out before YOU get your chance to get rich quick..   This isn't about creating a new, central bank-free CURRENCY any more.  THIS IS JUST A FUCKING SCAM. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:04:31
Bitcoin to 100billion each!!! Because no other cryptocurrencies exist that will flourish soon and drive the value of bitcoin down... Then those altcoins won't get pumped and dumped... oh wait! ... This is all a ponzi scheme about to collapse, my bad. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:18:54
You're investing in the ability to invest in a piece of information that people believe is worth something because they believe someone else will believe it will be worth even more later on...   Bitcoin is limited on how many of these imaginary numbers can exist yet the amount of AltCoins is infinite...  If you think the amount of money in circulation is too high to be a reliable store of value, wait a couple years and see how many other AltCoins will be improving on BitCoin's concept and competing for other speculators.  Better choose the right imaginary number producing AltCoin carefully and sell it at the exact right time for REAL currency or you'll be left with nothing. 