@_author: dont_believe_shills
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:22:59


Actually it is. A Bitcoin wallet is equivalent to a cash wallet.


'Off-chain' means centralized. What you are saying is that Bitcoin can become like Paypal in order to compete with Paypal. Which is stupid, since I can just use Paypal right now - I don't need a carbon copy of it. Plus the existing Paypal is recognized, unlike whatever centralized entity is gathering together and dealing with all your 'off-chain' transactions.


This response shows you know little or nothing about the issue. The main concern is not hard drive space to store the blockchain, but internet bandwidth - particularly the amount of bandwidth that must be squeezed through the international sea cables, of which there are only a handful. If Bitcoin grows in adoption - say becomes the size of VISA, not only will you need extremely fast internet connections that can simulatanously upload and download several gigabytes a second each way (and be able to pay for it - remember, nodes run for free!), but you will also need to expand the capacity of the international sea cables enormously - and that would require tens of billions of dollars of national/international investment.


Wrong. Bitcoin is pseudonymous, it is not anonymous. Get educated.


When you exchange the Bitcoins for actual material wealth, you will be caught. You will receive a polite letter in the mail from the taxation office asking you to explain why there's a Lamborghini registered in your name and parked in your front yard when you only work a $500/week job. If you don't actually use your Bitcoins to acquire material wealth throughout your life (or beyond it), then the Bitcoins are worthless - you can't exchange them for anything of value.
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:26:32


What is its purpose then?
EDIT: BTW I forgot to include in my original critique that the cost per transaction is actually around ~$35 rather than $0.05 - since the miners cut dilutes the number of Bitcoins, therefore diluting the value of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-09-01 09:01:54


BTW, with the price now down over 60% since 9 months ago, I suggest you purchase a [Bitcoin E.X.I.T. kit](
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:30:59
You're speechless because you have no good counter-arguments
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:41:01
The last refuge of a person who has lost an argument: Ad hominem attacks.
Here's some more 0wnage you can shove down that gaping asshole of yours:
The developers of Bitcoin are aware of the fact that Bitcoin has severe limitations that cannot be fixed.
One of these limitations is the fact that blocks can only carry a certain number of transactions before becoming too large and bloating the blockchain.
If for example, the Bitcoin network were to match just the number of transactions Visa processes, then each block would be at least half a gigabyte in size, and each node would have to upload as least 5GB (potentially much more) every ten minutes. 
Multiply that amount by thousands or tens of thousands of nodes for each major country or continent, and you may begin to see the problem that a handful of submarine fibre-optic cables connecting countries to the rest of the world might have in carrying that bandwidth between countries.
The developers, you may have heard yourself from others here, have known about this issue for years. Almost since Bitcoin's beginning.
And yet they have no solution. Not even a proposed or potential solution.
Why? Because there is no solution folks. Only attempts to delay the inevitable.
The 'floating transaction fees' idea, now just given the green light, is one such attempt.
You can go one of two ways: Either leave transaction fees as they are, and the blockchain inevitably starts to bloat until the 1MB block size limit is hit and raised (think of this artificial size limit akin to a national 'debt ceiling'), or increase transaction fees to discourage the number of transactions occurring.
The developers have chosen the second.
And it's only going to get worse if transaction numbers increase. Ironically, this is on top of the stealth tax paid to miners, who are currently debasing Bitcoin at a rate of $25 per second. Who pays for it? Why, you of course, the HODLer - who else? So in reality, Bitcoin transaction fees are very great indeed!
One last thing: There is talk here of 'off-chain transactions', 'payment channels', and other such gobbledygook designed to obscure the true meaning - which can be simply stated as reliance on centralized entities. 
In other words, just like fiat, but worse! That's what the original conception of Bitcoin has devolved into. Once you pay your transaction fee, exchange fees, escrow fees, Bitpay fees, 'ATM' fees, and whatever else there is - you may end up realizing that you would have been *better off* using Paypal with its simple and more reliable ~3% fee. Or Google Wallet with no fee, and is simple as sending an email.


We have already established (as per above) that the former is not only becoming cost prohibitive but is also being done away with in favor of greater centralization, and few people have a need for the latter.


I'm glad you asked.
I start by using a figure found in the Bitcoin wiki which you can lookup for yourself: A 1MB block can hold 2400 transactions.
This may or may not be generous, but lets be conservative and take it as granted.
Now according to the [Visa website]( they 'handle an *average* of 150 million transactions every day'.
That equates to 1736.11 transactions per second.
A block is created every 10 minutes. So, 1736.11 x 60 seconds x 10 minutes = 1,041,666.66 transactions per block to match Visa.
Using the aforementioned 1MB = 2400 transactions figure, 1,041,666.66 divided by 2400 = 434.03MB per block.
Now for the last part, regarding Nodes uploading at least 5GB. I did a search here for posts from people running nodes. What I found is that currently they are uploading 10 times as much as they download. So I simply calculate 500MB x 10 = 5GB. I have also seen a possible example of up to ~75x as much uploaded, but I have been as conservative as possible and have used the 10x figure.
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:08:57
You are being disingenuous if you do not include the consequences of using exchanges, because exchanges are in most cases the only feasible way of getting Bitcoins.
Bitcoin ATMs are even worse than exchanges, because they charge bigger fees and require biometric scanning to verify identity in some cases.
Face-to-face transactions can be risky if you don't do it correctly, and you can usually only exchange small amounts. It is also an inconvenience both in terms of traveling around and time. Bitcoins are usually also overpriced through this method of obtaining them (i.e. Localbitcoins).
Getting Bitcoins through mining is no longer feasible, and hasn't been since 2011 - you have to sell out large amounts to pre-order mining equipment months in advance, and in most cases it turns out to be a losing bet anyway.