@_author: dontworrybehappy32
@_date: 2018-09-30 02:59:47
Just what is "these types of arguments"?
The Supreme Court is the one who said the income tax is an excise. We're just following their lead.
I suggest you read more and type less. Unless you like giving away everything you earn from January until April every year.
@_date: 2018-09-27 11:51:17
You have nothing to worry about if you can get on this list; [
The income tax is an excise. If you don't know what that means then prepare to pay out, one way or another.
@_date: 2018-09-30 02:58:26
Doesn't work at scale?!?!?   Did you see how many names were on that list?!?!? And it grows longer each year.
The law is the law and the IRS follows the law.    You don't know the law, and the IRS will gladly accept your ignorant and voluntary donation.
@_date: 2018-09-29 20:50:54
I will never pay income taxes on my bitcoins or any non-federally-connected appreciation!!!
This is because I got educated and got my name on this list; [
Edit \*  Never say never. Maybe someday I will receive income from fed-guv and it will be paid in bitcoin. Then I will pay the tax since I'll actually have a lawful liability for it.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:32:09
The IRS is one of the largest (and most incompetent) of the agencies that there is. What do you think they do all year?? WHen you review that list with a critical eye, you will see any refunds in the $100,000 range. There's even a refund of millions, given back to a stock broker. 4m if i remember correctly.
THousands upon thousands of filings by newly-tax-educated Americans are fully documented at [losthorizons.com]( Every single case involves a rigorous IRS inspection of the filing. Both an automated inspection of the filing, and an inspection by a human.  After the rigorous inspection, many filers are contacted to ensure that their filing is not frivolous. In the end the IRS returns all withheld money, often with a polite closing notice.
It's all documented, repeatedly, thousands upon thousands of times, at the website I linked to. It's been ongoing for 1.5 decades.
Now here's one way that this all gets really interesting. The US govt actually went to court to try to have Cracking the Code (the book) banned in America. Fed-guv said the book was promoting an abusive tax shelter. Fed-guv lost that case and is also now losing its gravy train because not a single item in the book could be fould to be inaccurate. That whole story is documented at the website I link to along with other efforts by corrupt elements of fed-guv from keeping average Americans from learning the law for themselves and seeing through the corruption that's been in place since at least 1954 if not a bit earlier when the US Code was revised.
It turns out reading the US Code is much easier on a computer then in a book, anyway. Check it out;
26 USC S*ec. 6402. - Authority to make credits or refunds*
*(a)* *General rule*
*In  the case of any overpayment, the Secretary, within the applicable  period of limitations, may credit the amount of such overpayment,  including any interest allowed thereon, against any liability in respect  of an internal revenue tax on the part of the person who made the  overpayment and shall, subject to subsections I, (d), and (e)* *refund any balance to such person.*
26 USC  Sec. *6401- Amounts treated as overpayments*
*(b)* *Excessive credits*
*(1)* *In general*
*If  the amount allowable as credits under subpart C of part IV of  subchapter A of chapter 1 (relating to refundable credits) exceeds the  tax imposed by subtitle A (reduced by the credits allowable under  subparts A, B, D, and G of such part IV), the amount of such excess  shall be considered an overpayment.*
*(c)* *Rule where no tax liability*
*An  amount paid as tax shall not be considered not to constitute an  overpayment solely by reason of the fact that there was no tax liability  in respect of which such amount was paid.*
(The “*subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1”* reference in (b)(1) is to:
*Sec. 31 -Tax withheld on wages*
*(a) Wage withholding for income tax purposes*
*(1)* *In general*
*The  amount withheld as tax under chapter 24 shall be allowed to the  recipient of the income as a credit against the tax imposed by this  subtitle.*)
Get educated bro!!!
@_date: 2018-09-30 00:13:55
The tax applies to any profitable use of federal privilege, of which being paid for exercising the functions of a federal public office is merely one.
Prior to the 1940's only 4-9% of Americans paid the income tax. After that the number has slowly crept up to where it is today.
Why so few paid then, and why so many pay it now is a fascinating and dark aspect of American history.
It's all documented at the site I linked to where you can see thousands of tax returns, all inspected by the IRS, and a full refund of everything withheld given to the filer.
@_date: 2018-09-30 00:07:35
The burden of knowledge?
 The burden of the truth?
The income tax is an excise. Unfortunately, most Americans have no idea what that means.
Your rhetoric is weak. Learn the law and get your name on that list or remain a cowardly servile slave.
@_date: 2018-09-28 17:03:41
You already know the answer.    You can continue to help the community by reporting any further results. You've already done a huge service by reporting their demand for 0.2btc.
@_date: 2018-09-24 13:15:02
@_date: 2018-09-28 21:45:47
Using Electrum you can set up a watch-only wallet.     This means you can observe your balance and addresses, but the private keys are not present so the funds cannot be spent... only watched.
@_date: 2018-09-29 13:11:13
Not a single one is in prison. Go ahead and review this list; [
Is a single name from the Victory list found on the [justice.gov]( list?
Anyone who is liable for the tax is required to pay it. The question you need to ask is what exactly makes one liable for the income tax in America. The answer, in simple terms, is earnings money from Fed-guv. Private-sector pay is not taxed by law in America. the corollary then is, how is it that private-sector workers are taxed on their pay. The answer to that has to do with information returns, and the legal principle that allegations of the receipt of federal earnings is accepted as true unless rebutted. If you want a discussion of specific sections of code, review my post history.
Don't believe me???  Find a single name that is on both lists.  Explain the thousands of tax returns on the first list I shared, wherein all federal monies are declared as income and no private-sector monies are, and then the IRS reviews the filing and gives a full 100% refund of everything withheld.
It turns out the US government/gov't employees aren't exactly honest. Especially when it comes to money.
Welcome to the Internet Reformation. It turns out the internet is enabling us to expose all kinds of shady behavior by those in power.
@_date: 2018-09-30 02:55:39
How do you explain the Victory list thats growing longer and longer year by year??  How do you explain that each one of those filings goes thru a rigorous "Return Integrity Program" and then the IRS issues a 100% complete refund of everything withheld? How do you explain these filings;   Look at the examples there and tell me the IRS disregards the law.
  ***Knowledge is Power***
Why isn't a single name on the Victory list found on this list;     
You don't need to be scared. We already won the battle for you.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:20:45
Don't stop learning!!   You're so close to understanding!!!! Reddit!!!!
Don't forget the thousands upon thousands of returns on that  first list I linked to.
Finally, check out a few of these videos. Real Americans have some encouraging words for you as you finally take the red pill and wake up to the FASCINATING TRUTH ABOUT THE INCOME TAX, that sadly was hidden from the average American until 2003; 
God bless the internet.
@_date: 2018-09-30 11:57:54
There are other websites, radio personalities, and hundreds of youtube videos, including interviews. You can find them for yourself.
I will provide you with this; 
and the full documentation of the corrupt ordeal the Hendricksons went thru to break open the exact nature of the tax. Certain elements of fed-guv do not want their gravy train to end. This is arguably the most important essay on the site;  It details the whole ordeal Pete faced.   Critical thinking question: if the fed-guv couldn't suppress the book, and then sent the author to jail (not for tax evasion) then why is the IRS continuing to inspect the returns with the Return Integrity Program and then issuing 100% refunds???
Weep for the corrupt state of your government and the cowards who stand down in the face of it.
ANyway, I thank you for sparring with me. There is nothing I love more than putting these links in front of Americans eyes to wake them up and show them the IRS is just a paper-tiger behind a curtain.
As to your free-market hating comment about ***gasp*** selling a book... pretty much every chapter of it is available for free on the website. But you gotta be a diligent reader to find it. I suspect you prefer to just troll and argue, rather than actually read anything put in front of you. That's ok. There's other who will read this who don't blindly worship their masters, but instead wish to become master, once again, to their public servants.
@_date: 2018-09-28 04:53:11
" I feel like the community can use the up/down vote system of reddit and  highlight important issues or downvote unnecessary shit posts. "
  Have yourself a downvote.
@_date: 2018-09-25 15:25:02
I strongly suggest you learn how these people got onto this list; [
Bitcoin is discussed within that site but you gotta dig for it.
@_date: 2018-08-22 13:30:47
Drew at Archer Tax Services need to catch up with the times instead of being a rent-seeker. His post completely fails to point out that the income tax is an excise. His "advice" only applies to those who earn their money from Fed-guv, whether that money is paid in dollars, bitcoins, or another equivalent. His advice only serves to mislead the majority of Americans who work in the private sector and do not have federal income.
Drew needs to see the thousands of examples of proof shown on this list; [
He would also benefit from reviewing the case studies of duplicitous IRS behavior documented here; [
@_date: 2018-08-08 01:19:43
The income tax is an excise. If there isn't an exercise of federally-connected privilege from which profitable gains are derived then, in the absence of an erroneous and un-rebutted information return, you would not be liable for the income tax.
If none of that makes sense then I suggest you review my comment history. You will eventually arrive at the exact answer you need, if you really want it.
@_date: 2018-08-19 02:15:54
Interesting strategy. What about §4975(c)(1)(e)?
*(c) Prohibited transaction*
*(1) General rule--   For purposes of this section, the term "prohibited transaction” means any direct or indirect—*
*(E) -- act by a disqualified person who is a fiduciary whereby he deals with the income or assets of a plan in his own interest or for his own account;*
Setting up the checkbook LLC gets around this? or is a "checkbook llc" specifically exempted somewhere??
@_date: 2018-08-09 03:37:44
You would be making a grave mistake by conflating the term taxpayer and the word American. If you dont know what I mean then I can demonstrate it for you.
Why do we not find a single name from this list; r/ on this list; [ ?
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:01:57
lol. riiiiiiight.    None of those US Treasury checks and tax returns are real, huh?? The settled jurisprudence of the Supreme Court is that the income tax is something other than an excise.... hmmmm?? Those letters from the IRS and the documented responses and results are just a bizarre internet mirage and don't exist in the physical world huh???
You are posting ignorance-perpetuating misinformation. You dismiss a website that explains the law and the history of the law in detail. I suggest you read/listen more and post/talk less.
Now listen up. Tell Drew, who you are apparently advertising for, that he needs to review those links I shared along with all others on the site map at the website; and of course to spend $28 on the premier legal treatise about the income tax and its American history. This is the best career move he could make at this time.
If Drew is more of a follow-the-leader type then tell him to read the reviews by other attorneys. He may not be an "early adopter" of the most up to date information in his professional field, but.... better late than never.
@_date: 2018-08-21 13:19:50
Let's also not turn it into a "spread the myths and ignorance" circle jerk either.
Unless your bitcoin gains came from a federally connected activity or source, there isn't a liability for the tax. Anyone who actually receives their money, whether dollar or bitcoin, from fed-guv should pay the income tax they lawfully owe and should not defraud the IRS/American people. Conversely, Americans who get their money, whether dollars or bitcoins, from private-sector sources should not be hoodwinked into paying an excise tax they're not actually liable for.
You think the income tax falls on "all that comes in, public or private" rather than "gains, profits, and income from fed-guv, whether from wages, rents, dividends etc etc.".  This simply isn't true nor what the law allows.
See example after example after example of private sector tax returns that show exactly what I've stated, there's thousands of em, all reviewed and approved by the IRS; [
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:33:20
That's an unfortunate story. As you saw on that list of thousands of IRS-approved tax returns and checks from the US Treasury, most of them issued immediately without any fuss what-so-ever. 
It's too bad your friend hadn't learned the information necessary to get on that list. He could'a saved himself years and his marriage. 
You don't need to fear the boogeyman nor do you need to give up 4 months of your time every year. You just need to learn what the law actually says and stop letting fear control you. Get educated and get your name on that list. It's not hard. It only takes a willingness to learn and not let fear interfere.
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:44:20
Go on...
@_date: 2018-08-08 05:34:20
I was confused earlier. I thought I was commenting to a US citizen, hence the US-centric comment.
I still wish you success!!
@_date: 2018-08-20 21:06:27
This is an excellent info-graphic for people who in one way or another get their gains, profits, and income from the federal government; for doing some type of work for it or investing in it, or somehow benefiting from an activity or relationship with fed-guv etc. Whether paid in USD or in bitcoins, if you availed yourself of the privilege of somehow working for and getting paid by fed-guv, then you are taxed on that federally-connected activity by the income tax. The amounts of federal gains determines the rate of tax one pays on their federal income.
This info-graphic could also be useful to US people who don't earn/receive their money from fed-guv, but who also haven't yet gotten their name on this list yet; [
The info-graphic keeps stating, "if you" "if you".  This info-graphic would be most correct if it read, "if you are performing a federally-connected activity or are performing the functions of your public office and you..." Tragically, in it's current state it best serves to perpetuate ignorance and the pre-internet status quo of the federal excise tax structure in the US.
If your gains or earnings are not from fed-guv then, I suggest, it would behoove you to learn how to rebut an incorrect information return(w-2,1099) you received in the private-sector. Until you can do that, an erroneous information return stands as correct and the IRS is empowered to act upon it as such.
Get educated on this important topic. Get your name on that list above. Learn how to read info-graphics such as this one; It's not entirely incorrect, it is highly misleading because "you", by law, means "you who are realizing profits from a federally-privileged activity, whatever it is".
@_date: 2018-08-10 15:45:28
BTC may be less inflationary than world currencies already!
Check out the methodology of the Chapwood Index; [
According to them inflation might be \~10.5% in the US.
@_date: 2018-08-21 13:11:59
Can you explain to me how these people on this very long list haven't paid the income tax for over 15 years without any reprisal; [
Yet these people are being punished by the IRS; [
Why isn't a single name from the first list on the second list???   Surely if you know the relevant law than you can explain how tens of thousands of Americans get a refund of 100% of what was withheld from them, with IRS approval! Just a week ago, a couple from Texas filed a joint return. They're both geologists. They got a refund check for $97,000 and paid ZERO income tax.   How?!? What do they know?!?!?
@_date: 2018-08-08 00:46:59
Respectfully, you are misinformed. See my post history and read the book written by Pete Hendrickson. There's no shortage of trolls on the web who don't want you to know what Pete has revealed, so be sure to check out the bulletin board.
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:41:33
See my comment history. Or don't.
@_date: 2018-08-21 12:55:46
You did not misunderstand and I am not implying... I am stating what I know the law to say.
Income and capital gains are defined as gains, profits, and income from fed-guv. Private earnings are not taxed by law. They can be taxed due to erroneous information returns being left unrebutted, or even worse, ignorantly agreed with.
I've already put the red pill into your hand. I strongly suggest you review the list I linked to and learn how to read the law for yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-17 19:34:57
It's a lot to learn, and most of us have many things to be unlearned at the same time.
The value of having this knowledge can not be over-stated, in my opinion.
In the end I hope you will have learned not just how to understand US tax law, but how to find "the law" on any topic you choose to pursue.
I read somewhere that most CEOs today have a law degree. It is my opinion that to understand the law, one just needs to be a good reader.
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:17:13
you should read my post history. you're giving out misinformed advice.
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:31:19
I can appreciate your skepticism. Notice that if you click any given name on that list, you will see a check from the US Treasury and usually an income tax form that shows numbers reflecting what I've been stating...
The income tax, being a Constitutional indirect excise, lawfully falls on monies from federally-connected activities. Those monies are whats to be reported on w-2s and 1099's. Those monies are to be listed on a 1040 and are lawfully taxed. All those tax returns on that list, which the IRS processed and approved, reflect exactly this understanding. All those tax returns declare any federal monies such as interest from a national bank, military pension, etc... theres plenty of examples of people who earn both private sector and federally connected money. What is removed from those forms, is private sector earnings. In addition, any w-2 or 1099 that erroneouly lists private-sector monies are rebutted using a form that states the amount of federal earnings [often $0.00] actually received. The title of that IRS form, made for this very purpose or disagreeing with an erroneous w-2 is, Form 4852 "Substitute for w-2 wage statement".
When private-sector pay is erroneously reported on forms for reporting payment of federal monies, that error needs to be corrected otherwise those documents are accepted as true and the IRS will act upon them as if federal monies were actually paid. That list is just a very long list of people who have learned how to rebut erroneous documents put forward by private sector companies that don't know the law. The IRS knows the law and so it processes informed tax returns, as it must.
To read and learn THE LAW behind all this, read the essays on that website and also, yes definitely, buy the book. You can then post your own proof on that list like those thousands of Americans have done. You could get a check from the IRS for everything withheld from you. You can realize the liberating relief, and also power, that comes with knowing how to handle your public servants working at the revenue agency. You can be an American!
I could type more and more and more and we could go deep. But it's all typed up already. Take more than a superficial look. Or don't. :)
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:08:19
that's so unfortunate. you could've gotten your name on this list, [  and kept all your bitcoins, and then donated whatever amount you wanted to whoever you want to.
Check out the $97,000 check that just got posted today!!!  I bet those Americans are buying bitcoin with that $97,000 they got back when the IRS agreed they had zero tax liability despite earnings oodles of money in the private-sector.
@_date: 2018-08-24 21:58:40
1. you need to worry if an information return (w-2, 1099) is filed by coinbase. This is because allegations are accepted as true unless rebutted. Tragically, most Americans have no idea what the excise tax laws say and so, out of fear and ignorance, they agree with erroneous information returns.
The "taxable event" is earning money from Fed-guv. This is what the income tax is, a tax on federal income, whether paid out in dollars, bitcoins, sea shells, etc etc. Any report about private-sector earnings is by definition misreported. However the IRS won't tell you that you are about to make a severe and costly mistake by agreeing that your private-sector pay is pay from fed-guv. They will gladly accept your "voluntary" contribution.
Can't parse what I've typed?? See this list and "reddit"; [ What you will see there is thousands of tax returns, and US Treasury checks, by people who have learned how to rebut erroneous information returns. Every one of those tax returns reports all federal income, and does not report any private sector monies they've earned, instead the filer rebuts the erroneous w-2/1099 that misreports private-sector pay on a form for reporting federally derived gains, profits, and income. As you can see the IRS inspects and approves every one of those returns, as they must. Sometimes after a very thorough inspection too.
The only comment I've seen here that is even close to correct is from diamondcuts17765. The rest are parroting ignorant misunderstandings. Or at least the things they say only actually apply to someone who earns money from fed-guv. To my knowledge coinbase is not paying out federal dividends and bitcoins are not federal property to be invested in. There is no exercise of federally-connected privilege when your bitcoins go up in value, whether they're held by you or coinbase.
See my comment history for more info.
@_date: 2018-08-24 21:28:33
What about cadmium, tellurium, copper, indium, gallium, &amp; selenium?
"Photovoltaic modules are made from a witch’s brew of toxic chemicals. Arsenic, cadmium telluride, hexafluoroethane, lead, and  polyvinyl fluoride are just some of the chemicals used to manufacture  various types of solar cells. "
You are correct that silica is common on earth. Unfortunately solar panels take more energy and resources to manufacture than a simple sand castle does.
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:03:53
You have some good questions. If you judge that website based on its content rather than its looks you will see that it is a heaping pile of legal gems and gold that contains all the answers you could wish for regarding income taxation. Here's an excellent example; 
I'm not against taxes. I love the income tax. It's perfectly Constitutional, and largely benign.
 
Unfortunately, the income tax is largely misunderstood by the US people and systematically misapplied by the tax revenue agencies. The peoples ignorance of the law combined with governments appetites for tax monies created an unholy alliance between legalese and hoodwinking and fear. Pre-internet, the scheme worked wonderfully and monies "voluntarily" flowed into fed-guvs coffers from the income tax.
 With the help of computers and word search, the legalese was finally broke open in 2003. The fog, smoke, mirrors, and trickery used against the American people since the 1940s has been revealed for what it is. Paper-tigers, coercion, legalese, and trickery.
That list I linked to is a list of thousands of Americans who learned exactly what the law says and is no longer echoing the myths about how the IRS is to be feared. Instead theyre upholding the law and keeping 100% of everything they earn in the private sector and paying the lawful tax on any federal income they receive.
This is really just one more example of how the internet is changing our society. But just because wikileaks hasn't picked up on it yet doesn't mean it isn't true.
It's also doesn't mean it's "fringe". It means it's "vanguard". The rest of the herd will get to keep all their money some day too. For now it's the "early adopters". Why isn't everyone aware of this is like asking "Why doesn't everyone own bitcoin yet?" :)
@_date: 2018-08-08 02:09:58
If you want to understand privacy concerns and tax implications of using cryptocurrencies I suggest you peruse my past comments; I discuss money laundering under the patriot act and also income taxation.
I wish you the best in your business ventures!!
@_date: 2018-08-10 12:53:57
Beware of interpretations of law from someone who is " a financial markets expert. A regular trader of cryptocurrencies and hold some investments in Bitcoin, Stellar, IOTA and OST. "
Redpill:review my comment history and be sure to check out the bulletin board.
Bluepill:Move onto the next post.
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:38:39
Plot Twist!! aye\_ma is Satoshi Nakamoto!!!  " Never bought into it, and don't plan on it ". This is exactly what Satoshi would say...
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:13:22
This is partially correct but mostly incorrect. See my post history and "reddit". Bitcoins aren't taxed, neither are ordinary gains.   The income tax is a tax on FEDERAL INCOME, which may come in the form of bitcoin.   The income tax is not a federal tax on private-sector earnings and gains.
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:44:17
If you are referring to section 5331then I believe the answer to your question is... No. I do not need to report bitcoin transaction which if expressed in US Dollar terms would be over $10,000 because I am not engaged in a "performance of the functions of a public office."
If you are referring to section 5332/5316 then I don't know as I haven't read that section of law completely yet.
You can, and should IMO, read the Statute and also the relevant sections of Code and also the corresponding Regulations.
You will need to pay special attention to legal terms used in the Code and their narrow definitions. Legal terms only have the specific meaning given to them. Words are used in common speech and writing and the definitions of words can be found in a dictionary. Legal terms have a very narrow definition which is found in a legal dictionary. Legal terms get definitions when they mean something different from the common word definition. "trade or business", which is used in 31 US Code Sec. 5331 is a custom-defined legal term and does not mean whatever we often think those words mean in everyday common english.
If none of this makes sense to you then I strongly suggest you review my post history and go look at the website I often link to.
I am not your attorney and this is not legal advice. Just because I may not be required to do certain things, does not mean you are not. You do not have a right to an honest government and all government employees are human. Very few government employees know what the law is. It is up to you to keep you government employees within their due bounds when you are interacting with them. If you do not know how to defend yourself against mis-steps by your public servants then for all practical purposes, you may as well be subject to the law, even if you weren't.
\*\*edit\*\*  trade or business means "performance of the functions of a public office"
\*\*edit2\*\* regarding sec.5332 &amp; 5316, it is my guess that the legal term "monetary instrument" does not include bitcoin but i havent read the corresponding regulation yet.
" (3)“monetary instruments” means—
(A)United States coins and currency;
(B)as the Secretary may prescribe by regulation, coins and currency of a  foreign country, travelers’ checks, bearer negotiable instruments,  bearer investment securities, bearer securities, stock on which title is  passed on delivery, and similar material; and
(C)as the Secretary of  the Treasury shall provide by regulation for purposes of sections 5316  and 5331, checks, drafts, notes, money orders, and other similar  instruments which are drawn on or by a foreign financial institution and  are not in bearer form. "
It is my opinion that The United States of America is the best country on earth if one knows how to read law. If one does not know how to read law then living in America can really suck.
@_date: 2018-05-31 18:41:19
@_date: 2019-03-29 18:51:17
Excellent article! Thank you for sharing.
@_date: 2019-03-23 18:50:52
I was considering doing a write-up as my claim was also disapproved because "no such amount exists".
In my case, I claimed 0.27 btc.  In the disapproval letter they said I never had a balance of 27.0 btc.
See what they did there??   They conveniently moved/ignored the decimal point and disapproved my claim because they state I am claiming back 27.0 btc when I actually claimed 0.27 btc. Oops.
Not all hope is lost though!!!
The disapproval letter said "you may file an action concerning the determination of claims as set forth in the Civil Rehabilitation Act within one (1) month from the last day of the period to examine proofs of rehabilitation claims"
So I looked up "Civil Rehabilitation Act"; 
I can't speak/read Japanese, I live in Northeast US, and I don't know how to file an action in a Japanese court. I barely know my own states court procedures...
Looks like someone will be unjustly enriched, and the small guy loses again. How convenient...
edit:   Not only did I append screen shots of my account to my claim, which clearly show a balance of 0.27btc, I also signed a unique message stating my name and that I owned the coins. I used the private key of the address which sent the btc from my Core wallet to my mtgox deposit address to do this.
Unfortunately, someone simply "misread" my claim, moved a decimal point, and now my coins will go to someone else...  even though I submitted indisputable proof that I control the keys to the wallet that sent coins to the mtgox deposit address, and also included screenshots of my account showing 0.27 btc.
edit2:  they did not move the decimal point on the dollar amount I claimed ($10.00). They only moved the decimal point on the btc portion of the claim, thereby allowing them to disapprove my claim. 
@_date: 2019-03-25 15:58:24
Excellent rhetoric!!  It appears you've misread the article though.
**"a key distinction made during the conversation had to do with the utility of something like Bitcoin for financial activity that would normally be suppressed or censored in the traditional financial system.**
This point leads to the conclusion that Bitcoin does not compete with Visa or Mastercard. Instead, **Bitcoin (as a payment network) should be compared to other systems that are used for regulatory arbitrage.** 
“Visa and Mastercard already won in many respects,” said applied cryptography consultant and former Bitcoin Core contributor Peter Todd during the recent panel at the MIT Bitcoin Expo. **“When you’re talking about the sort of things [Visa and Mastercard] already compete well in, Bitcoin doesn’t have a hope.**
By early 2018, it appeared that many Silicon Valley startups that were focused on payments realized the error of their ways, as they pivoted to use cases based on price speculation aruond various crypto assets.
**Todd added that Bitcoin shines brightest in areas where regulations are restricting the flow of money.**
**“The Visa [and] Mastercards of the world have a very difficult time of competing there,” added Todd.**
What is Bitcoin’s Real Competition?
**In terms of a more logical competitor to Bitcoin, Todd pointed to international payments companies like Western Union.**
“When you look at the history of Western Union, it’s mostly a history of dodging regulations all around the world and paying billions of dollars worth of fines and fees and so on to make this happen,” said Todd."
Perhaps it is the astroturfers purposefully misquoting Devs who need to get out of bitcoin.
edit: OP posts to frequently   "Let's see a show of hands - who here thinks blockstream and the core devs have done a good job maintaining Bitcoin since Gavin handed it off? I'm curious if we have consensus at least within this subreddit.
I'll start with my view - I believe blockstream has been a negative for Bitcoin overall, and Bitcoin will be better off with a new set of developers.
" :end edit
@_date: 2019-03-24 17:47:27
For a real legal analysis of the US income tax see; 
Why should bitcoiners bother reading the above analysis?? So they can get on this list; 
The info provided by Austin will be useful to those bitcoiners who "gains" are the result of a federally-connected activity. Private-sector gains are not taxed.
@_date: 2019-03-26 06:34:41
Unless you and got your "gains" from a federally-connected activity, and thereby actually incurred a liability for the tax, you should learn how to get on this list; 
Why pay away money you're not required to?
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:43:34
Bless your heart, you are special.
Just because you read something doesn't mean you read it correctly. You've debunked nothing.
Belief: is the state of mind in which a person thinks something to be the case regardless of empirical evidence to prove that something is the case with factual certainty.
Regardless of whether you copy and pasted correctly you have the audacity to proclaim that it is your opinion that Todd is destructive to Bitcoin. And your opinion is apparently founded upon consensus (can we get a show of hands?) and poor reading comprehension (simply re-read everything within this post).
edit: I won't be responding again. You're dismissed.   @_date: 2019-03-27 07:01:45
A far better solution is to use the internet (and your brain) to study the relevant law and learn how to get on this list; 
There's no need to move to P.R.  Just read, learn, then file accordingly. There's no excuse for ignorance in the Internet Age and there's no need for old solutions that made sense in pre-internet times before knowledge was put at our finger tips.
edit:  RIP Irwin Schiff.  If only he had had a computer, internet, CNTRL+F, and a digitized copy of the US Code... he wouldn't have rotted in jail as an example to scare off the rest of the people. He would've wrote the book Pete did and created a list (still growing after 15 years) thousands of names long, as Pete did.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:33:46
then 
I use the analogy of learning to ride a bicycle. Go slow at first and leave the training wheels on (work with small amounts of btc so if you crash it won't be too painful. Your first ride shouldn't be a downhill slalom race). 
You don't need to understand gear ratios, counter-steering, rubber tire traction co-efficients, and material properties to ride a bicycle. That comes later. (learn to use the software then later dig in to "how it works" if your interested)
Don't be like Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes. Do not be scared of riding. Go to bitcoin.org, select a wallet, and start experimenting with small amounts. Bitcoin is not out to kill you. Just go slow at first.
@_date: 2019-03-24 19:47:24
Here's what you wrote, "I've spent years learning about the physics involved in operating a bicycle. I read about counter-steering around turns, rubber-tire traction co-efficients, gear ratios, and material properties used to make light-weight bikes....    But I never rode a bicycle... and I feel lost even though I've read and read and read about this thing".
Friend, simply riding a bicycle is much easier than learning the physics of one. Start riding. You don't need to understand how it works.
Stop reading books like "This is how a bicycle works for Physicists" and pick up a copy of "this is how you ride a bike, for 5 year olds".
If you can send an email, i believe, you can use bitcoin. Stop trying to understand it and just do it.
Use a small amount at first while you're learning.   Don't make your first bike-ride a down-hill slalom course.
@_date: 2019-03-27 07:54:47
That is incorrect.  Report all the money you earn off the federal government, because that's what income means in the law. If you didn't get to be a federal tax-feeder, but instead have to compete in this life in the private-sector, then you didn't incur a liability for the tax, and you can honestly report you had $0.00 federal income. After all it's a tax on federal income, not a federal tax on everything you earn. To be Constitutional, Direct taxes must be apportioned and the income tax is not. That's because it's an Indirect excise. At least that's what the Supreme Court has consistently and repeatedly held, even if you weren't taught where to look for this info and don't know the difference.
There's also plenty of legal analysis;   
There's a book that will hold your hand and walk you thru all the relevant authorities.
Every 1040 we file is an audit of our federally-connected income, but if the IRS balks, just do what these people did and shut them down; 
Or be a coward and hope your shackles of ignorance rest lightly. I mean... so what if people are duped into handing over up to 30% of their yearly earnings for fed-guv to spend instead. What's the harm in that, amirite??  That's how the Founding Fathers designed things, amirite?!? 
Edit: Heck, there's even essays about the incorrect position Schiff took; that income means "corporate profit".  Poor Irwin, if only he had the tools and resources we have today.  I don't think Irwin Schiff would think very highly of you, wasting the opportunity to succeed even though you have the aid of technology. He failed because he only had cumbersome pen and paper to research this topic. You fail because you're dismissive rather than inquisitive.
Edit 2  A few of your fellow Americans who aren't failing have some words for you; 
@_date: 2018-10-05 02:18:41
See my comment history.
@_date: 2019-03-28 05:16:42
She admits in the troll box that she loves The Bachelor... as all **American** women do.
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:05:24
Anyone who posts to as frequently as you is obviously not seeing things clearly.
@_date: 2018-10-03 01:45:13
If you want to learn more about the law I suggest you review my comment history and reddit.
@_date: 2018-10-04 19:33:23
GLorious leader blesses lesser being with his presence... trololoolo 
CP70 I love you bro.
@_date: 2018-10-02 19:11:05
Lesson  Don't make people repeat themselves; "You would do well to review my comment history." The answer to your question is in my comments. 
The place I farm mostly applies to Americans, however, if you're not American then the information could still apply to you because the tax applies to any profitable use of US federal privilege. Even foreigners can be liable for the US income tax, and the liability arises upon the profitable exercising of US federal privilege.
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:19:47
If you don’t believe me or don’t get it, I don’t have time to try to convince you, sorry.  S.N.
You really are a decent rhetorician, but assuming my motives and conflating unrelated ideas with sweeping generalizations doesn't make your assertions correct.
I hope you are able to escape the hoodwinking you've suffered. People like you are destructive to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:34:02


It also appears your reading comprehension is all around lacking.
@_date: 2019-03-25 23:27:01
In my opinion this was an excellent and balanced article. Thank you for sharing it!
@_date: 2018-10-04 19:29:46
Email can be faked no?   FOllow ImakeItRains excellent advice. Log into coinbase. Do not click any links in the email.
@_date: 2018-10-01 23:01:05
This should set you down the correct path; [
My comment history is full of relevant answers to your query.
@_date: 2018-10-31 22:01:57
enfranchisement; To endow with the rights of citizenship, especially the right to vote.   The definition doesn't say "only the right to vote", it says "especially" as in "here's the prime example but not the only one". So ignore the voting portion of that definition, unless you can read the definition correctly and have historical knowledge of enfranchisement in societies, and focus on the first portion of the definition; "To endow with the rights of citizenship". 
 I suggest you read the book Taxes, Liberty, and Property; the role of taxation in democratization and national unity 511-1787, by Ferdinand Grapperhaus. You will then have the knowledge to say the same thing as I did; taxation is enfranchisement.
Many Americans do not have the requisite legal knowledge to get on the list I linked to. They know "something" is wrong but can't articulate it because they lack knowledge. I suggest the speaker is one of those persons. These people rail against taxation, because they misunderstand many aspects of it; first, that taxation is enfranchisement, and second, that working in the private-sector does not incur a liability for the income tax; only earning money from the federal government makes one liable for the income tax. Therefore, the income tax is voluntary, just as Harry Reid said; you can not be made to work for the Federal Government, and only working for the federal government incurs a liability for the income tax. Except for a direct capitation (read sec 8);  , all other Federal taxes are voluntary (read sec 86);      Want to avoid the income tax? Get educated on tax law and don't work for Fed-guv. Wanna avoid the tax on alcohol, don't buy it and make your own at home, less than the legal limit of course and don't sell it. You can make 100 gallons of wine per year, tax free, without any license. If there are two adults in the household you can make 200 gallons per year legally. If there are three/four/five adults in the household, you can still only make 200 gallons per year. Even during prohibition Americans were allowed to make wine according to these rules, and these rules are still in operation today.
I do not have the time to discuss this at greater length. All I can do is tell you that I am not trolling. I very much desire that you gain knowledge and be the best person you can be. To that end I suggest you learn how to get on the list I linked to and read the book I mentioned. If you care to, you can review my comment history and you will see a few posts that discuss some of the relevant law with specificity. Best wishes to you on your path to living a beautiful life!
@_date: 2019-03-27 08:26:25
Well that settles it I suppose. There's no need to consider Petes points in the article nor read about how he got railroaded and.. as you correctly point out, lost his court case **12 years ago** (and yet the checks are still being issued 12 years later);   Let's just blindly trust without verifying, that the author (a CPA trained on IRS textbooks 30 years ago and, not a lawyer) got it right. We don't need to investigate any further.  We don't need to see if Brushaber says what that non-lawyer-IRS-trained-CPA says it does. Let's ignore the thousands of posted tax returns and Treasury checks.  Let's ignore the full text of the court decisions, because no one cherry picks quotes an reports them out of context. There's no need to read the original legislation, nor the obfuscating Code. Let's ignore sound legal analysis. Let's pretend the Constitution says something other than what it says. Because Forbes.
I mean... it's not like journalists ever make mistakes. From the article: "Correction: In a previous version of the post, I referred to the late Irwin Schiff as Adam Schiff. I appreciate one of my readers pointing this out." /facepalm
Heck.... is there a more trustworthy institution than the media??? 
Non-lawyer-IRS-trained-CPAS would never tow the IRS line, right?!?!? It's not like a rent-seeking-non-lawyer-IRS-trained-CPA would be worried about becoming obsolete, if what Pete wrote is accurate (it is) and if he could even un-learn his pre-internet "knowledge". Knowledge that came out just about the same time society was told margarine was healthier than butter.
It's crazy right.... thinking that the government has an interest in hood-winking the people and stealing from them.... that's just crazy.   WHat was I thinking?!?!   I must be tired.
From 1862 until 1950 only 4-10% of the US population paid the tax on federal income... now we all pay and a non-lawyer-CPA says Pete is incorrect, because a judge says he is and judges are never corrupt either. Yet the checks are still being issued to those who read for themselves rather than rely on IRS-trained-non-lawyer-CPAs for legal advice.
ahhh that's irrelevant. I Love Big Brother and he would never hurt me. Ever. I will dream sweet dreams of the love Big Brother has for me, tonight. I hope my dream is of the Gravy train. I like when Big bro takes me on the gravy train and we look down on all the little people.
@_date: 2018-10-03 15:17:22
May your shackles rest lightly ;p
@_date: 2018-10-27 19:34:11
There is a difference between the word "American" and the legal term "taxpayer".
There is a difference between a Constitutional Direct tax (Section 8); 
And a Constitutional Indirect Excise (Section 86); 
There is a difference between those who have learned the law and how to respond to erroneous information returns; 
And those who parrot misinformation and do not bother to investigate things for themselves; 
@_date: 2018-10-02 17:41:03
You didn't mention the legal component of crypto. You would do well to review my comment history.
@_date: 2018-10-31 07:21:43
This speaker is an excellent rhetorician, and this video personifies "the blind leading the blind".
Taxation is enfranchisement, not slavery, since well before the Magna Carta was written. Especially under a sound money regime such as is possible under a bitcoin standard
Neither the speaker, nor most Americans know how to get on this list (yet);  
Tragically, this video serves to concern troll and also mislead, rather than educate.
All American Bitcoiners must learn how to get on the list linked to above, or accept they will also be subject to slavery, as the speaker in the video suggests.
  (if you remain ignorant)
@_date: 2018-10-15 14:28:33
@_date: 2018-10-01 15:40:46
This should set you down the correct path; [
@_date: 2018-10-05 02:20:46
This is a Constitutional Direct tax (read section 8, click next to get to the bulk of it of the next page); 
This is a Constitutional Indirect Excise (the income tax, read section 86); 
Read more. Type less.
@_date: 2018-10-01 12:36:53
Generally, it's the same process most Americans are already familiar with, file a 1040.
The difference is CTC educated filers only incorporate w-2s or 1099s from a federally-connected activity, and also use a form 4852 or a corrected 1099 to rebut any erroneous information return that reports private-sector pay. In most cases the IRS simply issues a lawful refund as it must with no fuss. In some cases they will [test the filer](
I think you will find this essay informative; [
This is a Constitutional Direct tax (read section 8, click next to get to the bulk of it of the next page); [
This is a Constitutional Indirect Excise (the income tax, read section 86); [
You should also get familiar with this legal concept; [
What is the difference between statutes passed by Congress and sections of code found in the United States Code? Is title 26 positive law or non-positive law?
The US Code  is on version number 4. The first version is known as the Revised Statutes. The 2nd version is the US Code of 1939. The 3rd version is the US Code of 1954, and the 4th version is the US Code of 1986.
The 1954 version is written in such a way that only the most serious scholar could comprehend it, which was impossible prior to the internet when legal research was done with pen, paper, and cross-referencing by flipping pages. See Irwin Schiff who was brilliant but didn't have that aid of modern computing and word-search.
Pete Hendrickson had the aid of computer, internet, and word-search. The Code has been broken. The legal priesthood no longer controls the message of the law. Certain entities have an incredible interest in keeping this knowledge from reaching more Americans than it already has.
Shout this from the rooftops. And remember that the long arc of history is in the direction of more liberty, not less, if the people are vigilant and not comfortable pussified cowardly cucks.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:39:20
Zoom out to show "all" data.  What I see is Bitcoin users are not inflating the fees unnecessarily. Perhaps the correct explanation here is that more and more users are savvy enough to set their own fee rather than let a wallet set it for them.
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:38:35
Next I suggest you learn how to set up a "watch\-only wallet".    [
Once you know how to set this up, you can monitor your wallet balance, receive payments, and do offline transactions, while your 12 word seed resides only in your head (and safely backed\-up elsewhere in case you forget your words).
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:24:36
Marketcap=/=Amount invested
Perhaps the simplest and most elegant explanation is one of the originals, by an original gangsta of Bitcoin; [
Value is very closely tied to Utility, in Eriks view. I agree. The more useful, and used, Bitcoin is; the more valuable it is.
@_date: 2018-10-03 11:48:16
It's been 15 years. The statute of limitation is 10. You are simply a misinformed coward. I suggest you read more and perpetuate misinformation less.
This is a Constitutional Direct tax (read section 8, click next to get to the bulk of it of the next page); 
​This is a Constitutional Indirect Excise (the income tax, read section 86); 
You should also get familiar with this legal concept; 
What is the difference between statutes passed by Congress and sections of code found in the United States Code? Is title 26 positive law or non-positive law?
​The US Code is on version number 4. The first version is known as the Revised Statutes. The 2nd version is the US Code of 1939. The 3rd version is the US Code of 1954, and the 4th version is the US Code of 1986.
​The 1954 version is written in such a way that only the most serious scholar could comprehend it, which was impossible prior to the internet when legal research was done with pen, paper, and cross-referencing by flipping pages. See Irwin Schiff who was brilliant but didn't have that aid of modern computing and word-search.
​Pete Hendrickson had the aid of computer, internet, and word-search. The Code has been broken. The legal priesthood no longer controls the message of the law. Certain entities have an incredible interest in keeping this knowledge from reaching more Americans than it already has.
​Shout this from the rooftops. And remember that the long arc of history is in the direction of more liberty, not less, if the people are vigilant and not comfortable pussified cowardly cucks (Looking at you general).
@_date: 2018-06-17 22:25:21
begin a withdrawal transaction on coinbase. If you get the pop-up requesting verification then cancel the withdrawal, and redo it with a lesser amount. Rinse and repeat until the notification for verification doesn't appear, withdraw, and then continue to withdraw  in increments of that last amount.  Essentially you are trying to move larger amounts of money than are allowed for unverified accounts. Simply move less money at a time. Use smaller amounts. When you attempt to do a transaction with too much, you get the pop-up. Simply cancel and retry with a smaller amount.
If you are concerned about privacy, specifically from the IRS, see my post history.
@_date: 2018-06-08 12:45:24
1. ensure you downloaded from [electrum.org](
2. know this; you can always access the wallet by typing in the seed. the password is not required for recovery. the password only secures the wallet on your computer. (test this\- start fresh with electrum, type in your 12 words, give the fresh wallet a password, or don't, then you're in)
@_date: 2018-06-04 22:59:14
I suggest you check out a few of these videos; 
Insult me all you wish, but that doesn't change the fact that tens of thousands of Americans have learned the law and lawfully pay zero tax on their private-sector earnings. This is because, by law, the tax only falls on federally-connected earnings; the tax is an excise (check a legal dictionary).  Check out that list I linked above, you will see tax return after tax return, and Treasury check after Treasury check, issued after the IRS accepted and processed the returns. In each case, those thousands of Americans pay ZERO income tax on their substantial earnings.This includes any gains on Bitcoin.
You would do well to learn how to rebut erroneous allegations which allege that your earnings are from the exercise of a federally-connected activity.
@_date: 2018-06-05 04:00:23
Respectfully, your question is only tangentially related to the topic I posted about and I do not have an answer for you.
I am addressing the question of whether anyone has a liability for the income tax or not. If the money one earns comes from Fed\-guv due to exercising a federally connected privilege, then that person is liable for the tax. If ones earnings are from the private sector then that person is not liable for the tax, by law. The income tax is on working or doing business with fed\-guv and a certain rate of tax \(progressivity\) is assessed based on the amount \(tax bracket\) of gains, profit, ie income realized from that federally connected activity. It is a tax on "the kings men"; that is to say, the privilege of earning money from the central government. Most of us have to compete in this life and nothing is guaranteed. Of course the IRS is happy to let modern Americans believe it is a tax on all activity and money, period. The IRS relies on slippery language in the US Code, which reflects the underlying Statutes, but is worded in legalese. Our grandparents knew better, but from the 1930's until 2003, Americans forgot many things, and the 1954 version of the IRC was written to mislead in a way the 1939 version wasn't.
There is one caveat. If a private sector payer erroneously and ignorantly reports  someones private sector earnings or gains on a w\-2 or 1099 \(those documents are only for reporting payment of federal monies by federal entities, not private sector pay\) and thereby unwittingly alleges that the private sector worker is a federal employee or a federal contractor or somehow engaging in a federally\-connected activity/privilege, then one must rebut those documents. This is done using an IRS form 4852 or in the case of a 1099, a substantially similar rebuttal instrument. If one fails to rebut an incorrect information return, then the information return is accepted as true, and the IRS will proceed as if ones earnings are from Fed\-guv, as erroneously alleged on the incorrect information return \(w\-2, 1099\).
**You are not asking about when a liability for the tax arises. You are asking a hypothetical wherein it is presumed you do have a liability but you have no USD. I suppose the answer is find a way to get some USD??**
I apologize if my terminology is unfamiliar to you. All I can say is... I've linked to the source wherein you can learn this terminology. It's at the same website where thousands of Americans post their tax returns, and checks from the Treasury so as to encourage you to stand up and remember what it means to be American; [
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:09:32
What is the name of this piano melody?
@_date: 2019-02-05 16:39:27
Are you saying Bitpoints deposits to the Trustees accounts are just rumors?
@_date: 2019-02-10 01:50:13
Use this checklist first;  
Only after one has learned how to get on this list ( can one then understand the legalese used in the cryptotrader.tax article. 
Regarding the income tax, the "taxable event" is always and only earning money off of fed-guv. Private-sector gains, profits, and income are not taxed.
@_date: 2019-02-07 04:00:23
No. Eh uh. Wrong.
See this  ----------&gt; 
It is "gains, profits, and income" from a federally-connected activity which is taxed in the US, even when bitcoin are involved. Profiting off fed-guv is the "taxable event".
@_date: 2019-02-09 16:37:11
I understand this issue from the perspective written here; 
Business cycles were present under a gold standard but they tended to be short-lived and cleared by the market quickly.
Under the Fed, zombie institutions were created and propped up, rather than allowed to fail, thereby extending the length of the crisis, artificially by money-printing.
edit:  
@_date: 2019-02-08 17:08:25
If you learn how these people got onto this list ( you will be able to answer that question for yourself.
Perhaps start with this essay;  
or this one; 
or start at the beginning; 
Any 1099 you receive needs to be addressed by you, either agreed with or properly rebutted. The law requires you to honestly declare all **federal income** you received, and pay the tax on it.   They will gladly accept any filing from you where-in you (out of ignorance) declare under penalty of perjury that your bitcoins gains are from a federally-connected activity, and therefore **federal income**, and therefore taxable.  Private-sector (not from fed-guv) gains are non-taxable gains. Only "gains, profits, and income" earned off fed-guv is taxed, all other possible ways to earn money in the US are simply outside the scope of the tax.
The "taxable event" is earning money off of fed-guv. That is a privilege a few Americans benefit from and that privilege can be (is) taxed by a constitutional indirect excise tax. Earning money off fed-guv is not a right, it is a privilege, and we tax that in the US with the **federal income** tax. A constitutional indirect excise tax (as the US Supreme Court has repeatedly and consistently affirmed the income tax to be) can only fall on the privileged activity of earnings money off fed-guv. It can't fall on private-sector earnings; that would render it an unconstitutional tax. You are invited however, to misunderstand the **US CODE** (which is just a re-wording ( of the actual legislation which is THE LAW.) and thereby sign a 1040 erroneously listing your private-sector earnings. THAT is the scheme thats been in place since the 1940s and which we are now (for 15 years running) waking up to.
@_date: 2019-02-09 16:30:34
He states that a return to a gold standard could end the bitcoin experiment.
@_date: 2019-02-05 15:54:21
@_date: 2019-02-03 17:04:49
Você removeu com sucesso o vírus?
Tente isso para removê-lo;  &amp;      Ambos estão livres.
@_date: 2019-02-05 16:45:37
Are the bank books obtained from the court not conclusive evidence?
Why else did Bitpoint (ビットポイント) make these deposits to the Trustees account?;
Feb 23:   ¥3,000,000,000
Feb 26:   ¥3,000,000,000
Feb 27:   ¥2,370,878,752
May 1:    ¥2,074,573,441
May 2:    ¥3,822,436,400
May 8:    ¥2,018,983,200
May 9:    ¥1,876,736,900
May 10:  ¥1,425,426,900
May 11:  ¥1,299,609,200
May 14:  ¥1,191,897,600
May 15:  ¥914,011,300
May 16:  ¥2,121,400,000
May 17:  ¥611,200,600
May 18:  ¥612,979,800
May 22:  ¥2,421,427,600
May 24:  ¥293,916,800
May 25:  ¥283,787,300
May 28:  ¥361,376,400
May 28:  ¥630,005,900
May 29:  ¥155,312,200
May 30:  ¥117,613,200
May 31:  ¥1,435,361,120
June 1:    ¥321,246,000
June 4:    ¥378,456,800
June 4:    ¥1,607,943,691
@_date: 2019-02-09 17:08:58
Among other things IN THE ARTICLE I LINKED we read this; "The main creditors of American farmers were, of course, the rural banks."
@_date: 2019-02-07 19:42:13
You are missing something.  Earning money off fed-guv is the "taxable event".
What you should've written is; "Misunderstanding of US Constitutional tax provisions and the actual statutory structure of the income tax leads many Americans to think it is impossible to use bitcoin as currency to buy things in the U.S.".
@_date: 2019-02-02 03:41:18
   Contact them!   Ask them to write an article about Nuveau Art, perhaps.   Stress your new-fangled technique and how it's changing how art is produced.  $5k is pocket change for Art people.
Look up "art dealers" in Palm Beach, FL.
This ( is "only" $4,500.  Some people buy 2 of em!!
  &lt;-----Win some awards like he did, he's still alive and highly sought after!!!  Enter shows!!!!
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:04:07
OK. I see your point.
Is there a way to tell if these documents were acquired from the Tokyo District Court?
If these documents were not in fact filed with the court, how might they have been acquired?
@_date: 2019-02-09 20:50:33
Respectfully, you are looking at the wrong chart.
Look at this chart;     (it is the total fees paid to miners in BTC, NOT dollars.)    What will 20 btc be worth 1 year from now or 10 or even 100 years from now?  The miners are going after 20 btc in fees per day.  That amount could increase. That amount could also be worth substantially more than $75,000 in the future.
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:38:20
Thank you for elaborating on your position.
Is admissibility the same as authenticity/validity?  Is filing fake documents in a bankruptcy proceeding a crime and does such crime get brought to the bankruptcy judge for adjudication or to a separate criminal/civil court?
Do you read Japanese? What are the small circles shown on page 0 and what do they say?
@_date: 2019-02-03 04:09:34
Por que você acha isso?
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:18:10
Are you saying the Court has accepted forged bank documents from the Trustee? or are you saying goxdox.com has misled us by posting what appears to be official court filings, but in fact are not?
Edit: Are bank records public? Are Trustee records public?  Are court filings public? Are court filings required to be notarized or their accuracy sworn to before filing?
@_date: 2019-02-08 22:15:11
The absolute best source of information I've found on this topic is at    At that website is a **thorough** walkthrough of THE LAW. A diligent reader will come out the other side of that website exceptionally well educated on the tax relevant authorities; The US Supreme Court, the Constitution, legislation passed by Congress, and also an understanding of the devious, hardly-an-authority product known as the "US Code" and the even more devious "IRS guidance" which is not an authority at all, just a completely misleading "opinion" written by those who stand to benefit from keeping us all ignorant of THE LAW.
After learning the information presented there, I believe you will know whether you need to agree with the 1099 and incorporate it into your return (if you even earned above the statutory amount requiring one to file a return) or
you will properly rebut the 1099 (if you even need to file).
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:40:24
I can get behind that.   I always respected Ron Paul because he acknowledged  that while fed-guv shouldn't be in the business of welfare (social security), we were so far gone that we had to address it slowly; we can't just go cold turkey.
I'm not sure that UBI and MFA are a step in the right direction; isn't that just perpetuating the issues and creating more dependency?
It smacks of vote-buying, the sheep that lack critical thinking are clamoring for hand-outs, as I (mis)understand things.
Anyway, respectfully, honeybadger and I DGAF whether we have the support of presidential candidates.
@_date: 2019-04-08 03:00:38
Seek the truth or bury your head, both require digging.  And remember, if you are intelligent enough to get on that list you will both own more coins, and also not voluntarily give away your gains out of ignorance.
edit:  Take this to your attorney: 
@_date: 2019-04-17 22:35:35
@_date: 2019-02-01 20:31:40
ie.  It would be COMPLETELY FRIVOLOUS for a post office employee (who has a legit and lawful liability for the **federal income** tax) to fill out a 1040 but refuse to fill in boxes, leave out critical information, and then write on his 1040 "the 16th amendment was never ratified so I don't have to pay this tax" or "my religion exempts me from paying the tax on my federal income".
THAT would absolutely be a frivolous (having no basis is law and meeting the requirement of 6702) submission (tax return).
Also take note that the IRS actually lists "positions" in their frivolous guidance document that aren't actually found here on the REAL list of positions identified as Frivolous by the Secretary (which list he is required to produce, by law);   So they tell half-truths, and also out right lie.
Again, they do this to scare the uninitiated from learning how to get onto this list; 
The effort to keep Americans from learning these things is REAL; 
@_date: 2019-02-01 17:07:32
I suggest read the sections "Why is Bitcoin valuable?" &amp; "No really, WHY is Bitcoin valuable???" here; 
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:28:00
I just watched a TedTalk ( and the speaker said something very interesting about marijuana and brain function at 10:45.
Marijuana can be abused, but used properly it is a powerful neuron protector, from what I gather.
I'll give your book a read OP.
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:46:11
I will watch the video and further keep my mouth shut on this topic until I do.  edit: oh god, its an hour long...
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:44:01
Respectfully, that's a broad question and **I** don't have a simple answer.
If something jogs my memory I'll shoot you a PM.
@_date: 2019-04-18 04:49:50
How da fuk am I supposed to compete with that?!? You need a wingman???
Let's do this; 
@_date: 2019-04-03 05:18:59
You're missing the Nirvana box; "I studied the law and learned how to get my name on  but I HODL irregardless"
@_date: 2019-04-18 17:11:11
New York consistently ranks dead last;  (see the "list view")
Take away message from the article: Nanny state New York will be left in the dust. Bitcoin doesn't need Starbucks and Microsoft to convert BTC into dollars, nor does it need BAKKT. Licensing is justified by statists to protect the kids and stop freedom fighters in other jurisdictions, but it really just crowds out the small innovators in favor of large cronyist conglomerates who needs to grease the right NY palms.
@_date: 2019-04-12 19:48:35
Thanks for posting this.  I'm gonna attempt to learn how to do with with my own node and follow G. Maxwells lead.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:18:55
"Wages", "employee", "employer", and "gains" are custom-defined legal terms in the US Code.  If you read the definitions you will see that those terms refer to federal employees, federal employers, and monies received from fed-guv.  The history bears this out, as well as all other authorities.
I can appreciate skepticism. Verify what I wrote by reading the essays I linked to.
@_date: 2019-04-16 21:41:55
lol.... I'm like doing it for the kids!!!!
@_date: 2019-04-17 13:57:02
It's a BCH/RogerVer/Bitcoin.com customer satisfaction survey.
I suggest you review OPs comment history before you click the link to the "poor college students" survey.
@_date: 2019-04-11 01:19:19
Every time you check the price do 10 push-ups and then read a section of legislation; start with Section 86 of the Revenue Act of 1862; 
@_date: 2019-04-12 15:56:31
240 so far today...
The purpose isn't to avoid price-watching, it is to achieve balance and eventually Excellence, incrementally. I offered the suggestion because babes can't resist money **and** muscles **and also** brains; 
OP: 
@_date: 2019-04-12 18:56:34
Kids today don't know why old folks say "hang up the phone"; They understand "end the call".  Nice post, OP!
@_date: 2019-04-16 20:30:45
Like bankers and like IMF staff and like "The Washington-based agencies emphasized that the coin will be inaccessible for anyone or any entity outside the World Bank and the IMF."
**Did you even read the article?**
edit: Like I agree with everything you like wrote after like your first sentence, like generally. I also **LIKE** your proper use of punctuation; It makes your writing easier to read and also, in my opinion, makes you seem intelligent. Keep it up!
@_date: 2019-04-01 03:36:48
Seconded. Today, 4/1/2019 I finally realized Roger IS smarter than the devs. (and richer too!)  Big blocks is the future.
@_date: 2019-04-19 03:11:41
IMO the country needs Yin right now, not Yang.
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:31:08
I suggest you and give your attention to Ben Davidson; He wrote the textbook "Weatherman's Guide to the Sun".
Apparently, there is evidence that migraines (as well as strokes, heart attacks, etc) are correlated with solar activity, ie solar flares, CMEs, and the electromagnetic impact the sun has on the earth, from the exospehere all the way down to the core.   If you didn't know, earths magnetic shield is weakening.
A very short excerpt from a 6 page chapter;
"The correlated effects of space weather extremes have included migraines, digestive issues, cognitive diminution, vision impairment, decreased melatonin levels, slower reaction times, mood fluctuations, effects on the waking and dreaming states of consciousness, and changes in EEG activity. (Parihar et al. 2018; Rozhkov et al. 2018; Shephard et al. 2018; Parihar et al. 2016; Gok et al. 2014; Shuvy et al. 2014; Persinger 2011; Zenchenko 2008; Babeyev and Allahverdiyeva 2007; Cherry 2002.)"
@_date: 2019-04-10 14:36:19
Yes. Back in 2003 he lost in a lower court, and he took his case all the way to the Supreme Court where he DIDNT LOSE!
And for the 12 years since he "lost his case" the Treasury has been continually issuing checks to people who read his book. Curious isn't it? 
Did you actually read any of the links I shared or did you just read a random page on some random website written by an IRS lackey??
It does work;     CLick that link to see case studies where-in we REPEATEDLY smash the IRS with the law.  The IRS' duplicitous legalese-based trickery is what doesn't work anymore.
@_date: 2019-04-17 05:22:32
In addition to that link I want to offer this one as well;   We can add QuadrigaCX to that list as well. Notably, Xapo is not on that list, yet. (hopefully never)
While exchanges lose coins, individuals do as well. 
Like many things in life, the more you work it, the more you will get out of it.  Xapo is not perfect, neither are any wallet solutions, and most certainly wallet users (you and I) are not either. But if you have the time and inclination to read and learn, there are many ways to keep your coin safe.
I strongly encourage you to go to bitcoin.org, pick a wallet, protect your 12 words, and start moving around small amounts of coin. Expect to make mistakes so limit transfers to .001btc or less until you feel comfortable working with larger amount.
Search r/bitcoin and google with terms such as "how to lose coins" and "scam". Learn form the mistakes of others.
Good luck!
@_date: 2019-04-19 03:47:15
1. It's the "Empire State".   Just look at the name.
2. NY consistently ranks 50th; 
3. Statists gonna state; Bittrex should stay far far away for the reasons identified in their rebuttal.
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:30:20
I too like turtles!!
@_date: 2019-04-16 19:56:10
"Bitcoin is built on the idea of a limit in the number of blocks that can be mined (21 million) along with other imposed constraints."
@_date: 2019-04-05 02:56:38
Tell your friend to learn how to get on this list;   If he can, he will have nothing to fear.
@_date: 2019-04-14 15:50:45
The first question to ask in all tax filings is, "Did I account for all money I earned off the federal government?" This is the first question to ask because only **federal income** is taxed and no one should be evading their lawful tax liability.
The next question to ask is; "Did I receive a 1099, and if so, does it properly report only federally-derived income?"
If you did receive a 1099 that misreports your private-sector, non-taxable gains, it would behoove you to learn 
how to rebut it.  If you did not receive a 1099, then you do not need to report anything. (edit: unless your gains did come to you from fed-guv, in which case you have an obligation to report them regardless of whether a 1099 was issued)
If you want to fulfill your legal obligations then you must learn what the law says; learn what the law says here; 
@_date: 2019-04-17 04:22:58
I can not vouch for Xapo as I've never used their service as I prefer to be my own bank for my minimal holdings. None the less I think you may find this blog post by them informative; [ and also suggest that they may be worth your time investigating if you aren't comfortable with or don't want to utilize the power of Bitcoin and be your own bank.
@_date: 2019-04-17 15:29:25
Thank you for the clarification.  Will you share with us (me) your thesis statement?     
You may think this is funny, "lol", but I do not; perception is 90% of reality.
edit: your word choice is suspect, "you've been a 'crypto' user for 3+ years". your choice of "company" is also suspect.     Xapo is a company. MemoryDealers is a company. Roger Ver is a pariah and an individual who happens to have hijacked a website, bitcoin.com; the apparent focus of your thesis.
Also suspect is that you don't have a single Hungarian language post or comment in your history.
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:01:59
I reviewed Chapter 6 "Space Weather, Human Health, and Technology".   While I do highly recommend the book, it does not address cures or treatment for migraines.
I think my best suggestion for you is to Subscribe to his premium content at SuspiciousObservers.com or buy his book or his some way show him your support, then email him directly and ask him to point you in the right direction.
While he is always busy, it seems, I've found him to be generous and willing to answer questions.
Maybe he will respond even if you didn't show him any support...
@_date: 2019-04-15 13:35:33
"Gains" is a custom-defined term in the US Code;    That term refers to "gains" earned off Fed-guv and does not refer to private-sector gains.
Only "gains" earned off fed-guv are taxed by law. 
Re-read the 3rd paragraph above, then go learn the law at the site I linked too. Otherwise you may as well just follow all the sheep and ignore my message.
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:18:59
Respectfully, you already go up against your public servants... and they have their way with you. As you will see at the second link, many have gone before you and "won", simply by knowing the law and asserting it.
Learn the law and then uphold it, when you are ready.  I encourage you to learn sooner than later as your Liberty depends on it. (and also your pocket).  The IRS only "wins" today because they are dealing with a population that is ignorant of the law, and have been conditioned, since pre-internet times, to fear the IRS.
Join us, you will come to learn that you have nothing to fear.
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:30:17
This article doesn't mention the fact that "taxpayer" is a custom defined legal term in the US Code; "any person subject to any internal revenue tax". Everyone else is a "non-taxpayer".
Taxpayer =/= American citizen.  To be a taxpayer one must first incur a liability for the income tax and in order to do that one must earn money gainfully using, or doing, federal stuff. Earning money in America in the private-sector doesn't make one a taxpayer; that is a right, so says the Supreme Court (even if you were never taught this in your government school/ indoctrination center). 
  There Is A Law, however, whereby a non-taxpayer can unwittingly become a taxpayer; TIAL.
Here's the legislation where-by a specific sub-class of Americans became tax-payers;       Of course, there are other ways to earn money off fed-guv, and thereby become a taxpayer, besides being an "employee" earning "wages".
Americans who earn their living off the federal government are "taxpayers". We do not want them evading their lawful tax liability, regardless of whether they are paid in cowry shells, federal reserve notes, bitcoins, or like kind gifts. Americans who earn money in the private sector are either on this list,  or have been hoodwinked because TIAL.
The IRS is stuck when it comes to addressing Bitcoin and alt-coins. Their only tool is fear and ignorance which worked well in pre-internet time, but isn't working any longer; hence the $250,000 fine for "evasion", despite a complete absense of "guidance" (read legalese based trickery). It's the only tool they have to keep the sheep scared, but even that is losing its effectiveness because every day another American is waking up; 
There is nothing more the IRS can say on the topic without giving away their scheme. They've painted themselves into a corner.  THe law is already complete and sufficient for taxing federally-connected "gains". Any clarification the IRS offers will only reveal and confirm (as if its needed since theres already billions worth of refunds and tens of thousands of examples to inspect, and also this  the correctness of what Pete Hendrickson discovered when he CNTL+F-ed his way thru the digitized, 3,000,000 word US CODE. (
Really this is just one more example of how digitization, internet, and computers are disrupting the status quo. Arguably, it may be just as or even more important than the disruption Bitcoin brings; 
@_date: 2019-04-16 21:22:27
Good question; What does the article state?   Will the 'learning coin' be PoW or PoS or another algorithm altogether?
Why does the article state, "The 'Learning Coin' is dubbed as a quasi or supposed cryptocurrency because unlike Bitcoin or Ethereum it has no monetary value whatsoever and is therefore not exactly a real cryptocurrency"?  Don't "coin" (or currency) have monetary value?? What kind of "rewards" have no value?!?
If 'learning coin' "will be inaccessible for anyone or any entity outside the World Bank and the IMF" then who will mine it?!?
No doubt, as you allude, miners will be tripping over themselves to mine for the reward of a valueless coin that is only for IMF personnel which utilizes an unknown algorithm....  /facepalm. But please enlighten me with your brilliance... what am I missing here?!?
@_date: 2019-04-16 22:14:54
You didn't yet answer my questions from your earlier brigading efforts.
**You are tilting at windmills, friend**. I didn't call out Moixiam because I like fiat money; I called him out because he didn't read the article as evinced by his irrelevant comment.
As I wrote, I agree with his sentiment; fiat sucks and bitcoin will rule the world when we finally excise the banks. But his comment was totally superfluous and demonstrated that he didn't even bother to read the article.
Let me say it one more time so you comprehend it; THE ARTICLE WAS NOT ABOUT BANKER COIN TAKING OVER THE WORLD. MOIXIAM DIDN'T EVEN READ THE ARTICLE AND HIS COMMENT WAS IRRELEVANT, EVEN IF i AGREE WITH IT. IF MOIXIAM HAD READ THE ARTICLE HE WOULD'VE READ THAT IT ISN'T OPEN TO PERSONS OUTSIDE THE IMF!!! I'll even go a step further and suggest that the title of this post is misleading because the linked article isn't about the IMF undermining bitcoin.
Here's my suggestion to achieve excellence; **READ THE ARTICLE BEFORE SPOUTING IRRELEVANT (but otherwise good) OPINIONS**!  Said another way, "A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say, a fool opens his mouth because he has to say something". **Don't be a fool**.
Now stop brigading and titling at windmills; you are making yourself look foolish.
@_date: 2019-04-16 21:32:32
lol.   Thanks for the reminder...   The 12 year olds can have trashy, pewdiepiesubmission and whatever else...   I'll be damned if I'm gonna let them piss all over my lawn here at r/bitcoin though.
@_date: 2019-04-18 04:56:53
"The easiest way to prove a fool wrong is to let him have his way" &amp; "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it"
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:38:32
Check my comment history, FTW!
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:19:30
The US Code is not illegal and I never said that.  See my comment to igottasay above.
Legalese is used to mislead. Should you end up in court, you might be asked; "are you an employee who got paid wages".  If you don't know the custom definitions, and instead think the common every day definition applies, you would incorrectly answer "Yes" and the laws that apply would then apply to you.
Learn the definitions in the Code, and you won't fall for the legalese-based trickery.
@_date: 2019-04-16 21:36:40
Perhaps that is true. Yet, he admittedly doesn't own bitcoin, only ethereum (still waiting for the flippening?). He is an economist by training and his articles focus on economics, not Bitcoin. In this article he uses "blockchain" and "cryptocurrency" interchangeably with Bitcoin; 
I suspect he is a "blockchain not bitcoin" type and actually has little knowledge of Bitcoin.
But maybe it is as you say; just an editing error.
edit "I was one of the first writers in 2014 to write about the intersection of blockchain in remittance payments and drug policy with VentureBeat and TechCrunch." Trolololo Roger Huang, SAY IT, "Bitcoin"!!!! It's like he has an aversion to Bitcoin or something, IMO.    Ethereum didn't even go live until 2015 and DPR wasn't caught with a wallet full of litecoin!
Anyway, there's nothing I love more than reading what Canadian, self-loathing economists have to say about American politicians.
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:56:58
I am not aware of a pdf. Here is where it can be purchased from though;  brb... in his daily video he said he was offering a discount if a code is used brb
edit: Awww discount is over, it was only for two days; 
@_date: 2019-04-16 20:45:09
Like don't be offended that I called you out on your superfluous question. Next time read the article cuz like "A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say, a fool opens his mouth because he has to say something".
Be excellent, friend.
@_date: 2019-04-05 05:37:22
I saw that video!!!   At 1:58 and 2:05 you can see young Satoshi demonstrating **His Vision** of the unicode bitcoin symbol.
@_date: 2019-04-05 19:58:05
Same advice was given last time; 
I can appreciate entrepreneurship, but this lswmindcards is getting spammy.
Apparently they were accepting btc a month ago but the husband "now" says they're accepting it; 
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:52:00
Such a sad sad story... It's really too bad you weren't able to get your name on this list;    You could've kept it all.
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:16:35
Maybe I'm just stupid...   but I can't reconcile returning to a hard money standard with a universal basic income and medicare for all.
Or maybe the folks who runs for political office are full of hubris and have psychopathic tendencies...
@_date: 2019-04-07 15:54:45
You dont need to fear the humans who work at the IRS. You just need to learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:45:14
trololo     careful for the boogey man under your bed
@_date: 2019-04-01 04:18:59
Thanks for helping. I tried typing that in but it didn't work. :(  Namaste to you, regardless.
@_date: 2019-04-01 05:03:36
Hmm...  that's more than 12 words.   I will type it in and report back.  Namaste.
@_date: 2019-04-03 04:51:47
Think of it as a touchstone or a natural selection event. 
Congratulations, you passed.
@_date: 2019-04-05 19:48:57
Respectfully, I suggest you focus on the market that wants your product, and offer them a discount if they pay you in your preferred payment method. THAT is adoption.
I'd also be interested to read about your experience implementing/accepting btc. What are the trials and tribulations you went thru? IMO, this is how YOU contribute to the community. I may even tip you for that selfless contribution to the community.
As far as "Can I buy something I don't need just because you asked me to"? No. Spending BTC makes me UNHAPPY, and I don't give out participation trophies.
@_date: 2019-04-09 03:45:15
If you're willing to bend over the barrel for the IRS and lick boots at the same time then by all means read what confusedcoin wrote.
If you aren't a barrel-bender-over then hopefully you learned about the history of the 16th amendment here; 
Hopefully you've familiarized yourselves with the Excise nature of the tax here; 
Hopefully you've come to understand why this is important; 
Hopefully you've seen the proof here; 
And if you've read through all that then there are hundreds more essays discussing the minutae of the law here; 
You can read about the active effort to keep Americans hoodwinked here; 
You can read about troll efforts here; 
For the love of crypto community, learn that the W in w-4 and w-9 stands for "weapon", to be used against you. At a minimum, learn how those weapons are used against you and how to avoid them!!!
The law requires YOU to declare any income you earned off fed-guv. If you're a coward or a sloth then report your private sector pay/gains on forms that are only for reporting federally-derived income, simply click confusedcoin above and then click any of the links he's spammed all of reddit with.  The IRS will gladly accept your "voluntary" (and uninformed) donation. Is it still unclear to you what an "Excise" is or what "federally-connected" means? Read this; 
If you choose to stand with all the Upstanding Americans who already learned this info and got their names onto the bulletinboard list, then i salute you!!!  We have some words for you; 
@_date: 2019-04-18 06:12:17
Your punctuation is impeccable, homie!! Hoes in the 315 be like, "oooooohhhh, brains make a man fuckable".
  One!
rofl  XD
@_date: 2019-04-19 03:55:22
His name was Seth Rich, RIP.   
@_date: 2019-04-12 19:15:37
Are we gonna stick with push-ups for day 2 of the "Price Check Challenge"?   I'm feeling it already...      You wanna do curls tomorrow instead?? or how about 5-10 sit-ups per price check???
@_date: 2019-04-03 04:05:05
Supremes die and are replaced by a new supreme.
Bitcoin is "The Blob" of currency.
@_date: 2019-04-01 04:21:34
But that's only 5 words... I'm confused.  Namaste, anyway.
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:47:49
So first it was "Yang is the bitcoin candidate", now it's "Yang promises clear regulation".
Next week Yang will tell us "Bitcoin kills the kids and is used by terrorists so lets stick with the dollar; btw everyone gets $1000/week"
Yang is just another political tumor in the body politic.
@_date: 2019-04-13 01:37:51
hehe   Good story.   You'll be making a face when the wasabi comes out tomorrow unless you can hodl it in.
@_date: 2019-04-16 22:07:59
You can learn to answer that question for yourself; 
Until you have the knowledge to get on this list ( I suggest you not rock the boat.
The IRS is entitled to have it's way with the people who have a liability for the tax; That is, people who in fact, or just on paper (but dont know how to correct the record), earned their money off fed-guv somehow.
@_date: 2019-04-09 04:00:35
Read my comment history.
@_date: 2018-11-05 14:14:26
If these folks can do it, John can do it; 
Not a single name on that list has been arrested, shot, nor found on this list; 
There is nothing more empowering than finding oneself in this scenario, and winning;       &lt;-------worst case scenario
1099 types have it easier, in my experience, than w-2 types, because in one case no money has been withheld, whereas in the other case, the IRS already has the money and resists giving it back. The resistance they use is documented at the everywhichwaybutloose page, and also sometimes on the bulletinboard list.
That said, no public servant wants to be prosecuted for breaking the law. All paper-tiger letters they send out are electronically generated and are not signed by a human; "maureen green" is their computer system, trolololo. Their misleading letters say things like, "if we dont get a response from you we will assume you agree" [with our misleading assertion]. Knowing the law is what allows an American to shut down their attempt to mislead and also to get on the bulletinboard list. They might try to mislead you and suggest you are wrong, but they will throw in the towel eventually, if they even bother to attempt to mislead you. In many cases they simply follow the law and give a refund upon receiving a lawful claim from a CTC-educated American. It's been 15 years and they know Americans are slowly waking up. Every time they "resist" a lawful claim they put themselves in legal jeopardy. They are the ones who have a legitimate fear. Know that the average IRS employee is hood-winked too. It is the attorneys at the IRS who have the knowledge of this, and who also get all "I disagree" letters sent to their desk, to decide what to do next, either another electronically generated letter used to attempt to mislead, or throwing in the towel and going to find an easier target. They do not want this used against them; 
Learn the relevant history and relevant law, and you will come to understand that private-sector Americans have been hoodwinked, until the computer came along. Digitization of records/documents/court cases combined with word search allowed the fog, smoke, mirrors, traps, and pitfalls the IRS successfully used against the Americans people to be identified. The law is not on the IRS side, and now, since 2003, they've lost their misleading tools, we've exposed them. The only tool they have left is the residual fear they've inculcated into the American people since the 1940s.
Everyone who comes across this information wants their money back. Few want to do the required work. Read the book. Read every link on the sitemap. Read every link on the misunderstandings page. Read thru the examples on the everywhichwaybutloose page. Sign up for the newsletter and keep abreast of current events. Join a state group and find someone with victories to answer questions. But don't let fear stop you from pursuing your own self-interest or from up-holding the law. Americans stand up, not down.
Here's one thing I tell my friends;
There are two bodies of law;
1) everything you need to know in order to lawfully and correctly fill out a form 1040.
2) everything you need to know if the IRS decides to test you or attempt to suggest you are somehow wrong and thereby engineer your acquiscence/liability. ie. how to deal with any paper-tiger letters (many of which you will see on the everywhichwaybutloose page)
Get the book. Find the Study guide. Put all knowledge you gain into camp 1 or camp 2.
Find Pete Hendrickson on twitter/gab, and also on youtube.
I apologize for the disjointed paragraphs. I do not have unlimited time for you. 
We are a self-selecting group. Some people are both ready and able to take on this work. Many/most are not.
Bookmark the following page and return to it at the appropriate time; uscode.house.gov/codification/legislation.shtml
Read my past comments!
The single biggest factor determining success in this venture is the ability to read; the law is just words. Documentation of the law is just words. Court cases are just words. History is just words. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 15:26:40
  -  Methodological Issues and Evidence of Malfeasance in Research Purporting to Show Thimerosal in Vaccines Is Safe
  -  
Instead of conveying important information you choose to show your ass. 
Ponder this; A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say. A fool opens his mouth because he has to say something.
@_date: 2019-01-31 23:14:19
Exercise caution when reading IRS "guidance"; it is intended to mislead, not explain nor enlighten. That particular document you link to is explained by Attorney Bill Butler ( as follows; "In February of 2009 the IRS published “The Truth About Frivolous Tax Arguments.”  You can find it here.  Not surprisingly, this document is a lesson in obfuscation and deception."
You can also learn the law relevant to "frivolous returns" here;    Among other things, you will come to learn that 26 USC 6702 follows a particular mathematical formula; (a or b) **AND** (c or d).  Yet the IRS completely fails to tell us this full story, while they focus on "c" only. They also like to scare the uninitiated with these tactics, but you can inure yourself by reading the link above and learning for yourself what constitutes an actual frivolous return, and what the IRS must do when a return IS actually frivolous. It should be noted by you that the IRS has never found a return on this list to be frivolous;    But they certainly want to scare you away from learning how to get on that list.
Here's the simplest way to understand "frivolous submissions"; Don't write any of these positions,  on your 1040. Simple as that. A 1040 is an accounting of all federal income and the tax due there-on. It is not for making arguments, delaying the process, or trying to weasel out of the tax owed on federal income. It is for showing your math/calculations, and the tax due upon your federal income.
Finally, you are confused. The Supreme Court says the income tax is a Constitutional Indirect Excise and so it only falls on objects proper for an excise. The law says we all have to declare our federal income and pay the tax on it. It is up to the DoJ to prosecute those who fail to declare all of their federal income. Someone who follows the law, and properly declares their federal income, even if it's $0.00, does not need to go to court to prove that fact. They would only need to defend themselves against a rogue IRS, unless the IRS could, after following all proper procedures, in good faith say the return that was filed was "false, fraudulent, or frivolous" because there was more federally-connected income than was accounted for on the 1040. This has not happened to the people on the bulletin board list.
You should tell your tax attorney to acquire a copy of Cracking the Code by Pete Hendrickson asap.
Edit: Hell, if you have a "tax lawyer" then you're already paying... what, $400/hr for his time?  Just buy your tax attorney a copy for less than the cost of 1/10th of an hour of his time and tell him to start being Excellent.
@_date: 2018-11-03 02:22:06
See my comment history.
John would be on the hook if and when his gains came from a federally-connected activity. Or when a 1099 was issued by a private-sector entity which 1099 he didn't know how to rebut. Or when he was mislead by scary stories about the man behind the curtain and ignorantly declared his non-federally-connected gains to be federally-connected without realizing he could've read my post history and started down the path to education.
@_date: 2019-01-07 17:16:49
Any 1099 coinbase gives to you, and the IRS, needs to be addressed on your 1040. Did you receive a 1099? 
 If you want to learn why this is so, read my comment history.
@_date: 2019-01-30 23:28:43
Call it a day and put your shovel down...  may your shackles rest lightly.
Or start digging again here; 
or here; 
or here; 
or even here; 
@_date: 2019-01-12 02:21:52
I see.
@_date: 2019-01-12 02:35:47
You may be on to something. Perhaps others will have some helpful insights.
EDIT  Whats wrong with dog sitting? In a perfect world wouldn't people be paid, in bitcoin, for dog sitting, and engineering, and nursing, and administrating??
@_date: 2018-11-05 15:35:19
Pete just now sent out the bi-monthly newsletter; It's chock full of good links deserving of any diligent students attention; 
In my opinion, the top three on the list are ESSENTIAL reading. The others are all deserving of your time.
@_date: 2018-11-06 14:14:55
Yes to the first part. I don't know about the second part. Sending a wallet file to the recycling bin while ELectrum is open seems to be the cause of the unusual behavior. After completely closing out of Electrum, then restarting the software, the create new/restore function performs normally and the name of the deleted wallet (wallet_2) can be re-used.
When I recreated this "bug", Electrum did correctly label the wallet as "wallet2" and the address format was correct for the wallet type. The restore/create new function became disabled, and it was impossible for me to make a segwit wallet, as OP stated he did. The only thing that would open for me was "wallet_2". I have a hard time understanding how or why OP would send btc to a public address in "wallet_2" at this point; It is obviously not a segwit wallet, no options to create a segwit wallet are allowed, there must be more than 1 wallet file already existing for this "bug" to occur, and OP was intending to delete wallet_2.
If someone didn't know about "paths" (M44/M49), or didn't know that segwit addresses starts with a 3 or a bc1, rather than a 1, they could be confused, but I'm not sure anyone could lose bitcoin due to anything other than gross operator error / being [bitcoin/electrum] uneducated and moving too many coins too quickly.
@_date: 2019-01-03 20:40:43
1. Isn't demand for btc because of its actual utility, combined with speculation that others will want to both spend, but also hold without it's purchasing power being inflated away, evidence of good money-ness? Are you saying that "a belief that a money will fail is a sign of a strong money"?!? Bitcoin is exceptionally sound money; of course everyone wants it and believes everyone else wants it, except those who don't appreciate what sound money is. Bitcoin is a touchstone. Some people "get it". Others simply arent primed for it yet. Bitcoin doesn't care. But it's not bitcoin you're in the dilemna against, its me. I'm telling you... I already defected from the banks. Now it's up to you to cooperate, as many people are.... or pay a higher price later to acquire btc. You do you.
2. I imagine there are more uses, already created and yet to be discovered, than just buying a house here or there. Yes, we do not have the internet of things today, nor are we streaming micro-payments todays. If bitcoin enables the technologies we will all create and enjoy over the next 10 years, then late comers will pay a higher price. If fiat currencies continue to be devalued, then late comers will pay a higher price. Does one defect now or continue to cooperate with the banks??? It's a dilemna...
3. We could debate the semantics all day. It's indisputable though that there will only ever be 21 million **bitcoins**. Respectfully, I think there is evidence all around us that bitcoin has actual utility, already. Anyone, whether banked or unbanked, can avail themselves of bitcoin and it's benefits. Perhaps you do not have the highest regard for bitcoins "benefits", as some do.
@_date: 2019-01-18 07:42:50
"Bitcoin is the future and Blockchain is bullshit"  Someone a helluva lot smarter than I.
edit  
@_date: 2019-01-12 02:13:28
"A small college president asked me to come up with an idea for how they can become more entrepreneurial and attract a different kind of student."
Everything you wrote after the above quote is worth discussing, but is that really what he was asking for??
Maybe he wants to be able to accept bitcoin and is willing to offer students a discount on tuition if they pay it using bitcoins. Isn't his bottom line, which he needs help protecting, the schools finances??
@_date: 2019-01-06 05:39:50
"Thank you &amp; Goodbye
Effective December 31, 2018, we are closed permanently.
All memberships were cancelled in December."      
Something went down...   perhaps he was using "donations" to speculate on btc, unlicensed no less, and perhaps lost it all...  /facepalm
@_date: 2019-01-24 21:13:01
In one weeks time, if you do not have a solution to this problem, hit me up and I will share my idea with you.
edit  you are very close!!  And that does not mean I think you are wrong.  It only means I think you are close to what I think is a solution.
@_date: 2019-01-24 22:53:17
Yes but do bitcoiners actually have wives?!? Until I see proof I don't believe that one.  XD
The corollary is; shouldn't bitcoiners have harems??  That's alotta shoes...
Note to self:  all wives should have same shoe size.
@_date: 2019-01-20 18:07:54
I hear ya.  All these OP trying to tell us that the tax falls on private-sector gains needs to stop. But it won't.
So Americans need to inure themselves with knowledge.
edit   Tragically, many Americans would rather waste their lives insulting each other at than improving themselves with knowledge. I guess the adage is proved out once again... a fool and his money...
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:02:57
Ok. I'll bite...   How do you know that the topic is going to be "Governments keep trying to regulate Bitcoin, and that's a problem we need to discuss".  Or is it that the topi will be, "we need to regulate the hell out of Bitcoin. If we don't destroy Bitcoins future, it will destroy our (The Davos ELites) future".
Because as far as I'm aware "the World Economic Forum's main purpose as being "to function as a socializing institution for the emerging global elite, globalization's "Mafiocracy" of bankers, industrialists, oligarchs, technocrats and politicians. They promote common ideas, and serve common interests: their own."
@_date: 2019-01-19 16:07:34
Contact Binance.
To understand the "second transaction" I suggest you learn how change addresses work in Bitcoin; 
edit;  disregard...  i see now the "second transaction" was referring to something else. IMO, it's most likely Binance placing your funds into deep cold storage to protect it until you're ready to withdraw it.
@_date: 2019-01-11 17:05:11
Your question isn't clear.
I, personally, do not have to report crypto "gains", because my "gains" aren't connected to fed-guv.
By law, Americans must account for all **federal income**, and pay the tax on it, no matter how its earned from fed-guv ("from whatever source derived" ie. wages, rents, dividends, gains) and regardless of what form its paid in (dollars, gold, bitcoin, perks, etc).
Private-sector gains are not taxed and are not required by law to be reported. It's federal property, and federally connected earnings which, by law, we track and report. No American has a right to get wealthy off fed-guv, and those who do earn money off fed-guv are exactly, and only, what the income tax is all about.
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:31:36
@_date: 2019-01-27 18:11:46
So when hiring an attorney one should not have the law explained to them??
If anything you wrote had any merit, you wouldn't need to exaggerate with falsehoods.  Yes, there are people who want to keep us hoodwinked, and do not want this information to spread.
Interestingly, after the IRS failed in a court of law to have Petes book suppressed they resorted to other tactics, and succeeded in railroading Pete, to keep you scared and ignorant, and yet for 15 years running refunds are continually issued to Americans who have read Petes material and then filed knowledgeably.
For any truth seekers who wish to consider both sides of the story, exercise discernment, and arrive at the truth, here is the version of events that isn't written by IRS lackeys; 
@_date: 2019-01-24 21:11:37
Investigate the link I provided to Lopp.net.   I can't say the answer is in there; but he takes security very seriously and may have provided us the answer in the resources he provides.
@_date: 2019-01-04 23:37:52
Respectfully and with love.... *(&amp; you!
Go apply at burger king tomorrow and do what you have to until opportunity knocks.
If you sell your coins I'll &amp;%(*$ing kick your           
Stop smoking; 
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:35:35
Good response.  I think I've been as helpful as I can be.  Best wishes!!
edit    Secure your 12 words and don't tell anyone you own bitcoins is the simplest and most proper answer, imo. Continue to do your own due diligence though.
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:50:10
To my knowledge a 100% safe solution does not exist. I believe we can only approach 100%, but can not achieve it.
I respectfully suggest you bear that in mind. 
  See the section on security; Now I think I've done all I can.
@_date: 2019-01-27 04:32:25
Can you give us the names of these other "slew of cases" so that i can provide a complete response?
If you understand the positions perhaps you can answer the questions i posed... and let's get more lawyers involved too!!
 What else do you have besides quoting "taxprotester gurus"?   lulz
It's curious that despite Pete being railroaded back in 2003 (they even tried to have his book censored, in court, but failed because they couldn't find anything wrong inside of it) the IRS continues to issue refunds for 15 years running.
There is no need to be vague.  Lets discuss this in detail for everyones edification.
@_date: 2019-01-27 05:43:45
A case can turn on a dime, and considering what is at stake, great efforts have been made by federal attorneys to distort and misrepresent the law; to win at all costs. This is especially true when an individual is representing themselves Pro Se, in a venue that is only for those who actually have a liability for the tax, against a team of federal attorneys.
As I began to review these cases I noticed a pattern.  Lets take the Nelson case for example, which you cited; 
Nelson tried to fight the good fight, but it was David v. Goliath, only this time Goliath had unlimited resources. **The federal attorneys successfully cited bad case law where-in it was held by an inferior court that; "the word ‘includes’ is a term of enlargement not of limitation".**
Poor David (Nelson) failed, not because he was wrong, but because the Federal Attorneys gave the judge (again, in a venue where-in only those with a liability for the tax can then only argue a very limited set of facts, so Nelson already lost on this count) the ammo he needed; a citation to bad case law.
David wasn't wrong, but he was in a venue where-in only people with a liability can have standing, and also he didn't have the silver bullet in hand; A decision from a higher court that would've trumped the bad citation used by the federal government attorneys; such as;
"The [state supreme] court also considered that the word 'including’ was used as a word of enlargement, the learned court being of the opinion that such was its ordinary sense.  **With this we cannot concur**” **U.S. Supreme Court**, Montello Salt Co. v. Utah, 221 U.S. 452 (1911) 
Yes, a team of federal attorneys trying to keep the gravy train going was able to railroad an individual American, representing himself, who was trying to do good but didn't have a complete defense and was in the wrong venue.
So while you didnt bother actually answering any of the questions I posed, you did link to HIGHLY misleading, select cases where-in fed-guv won, not because the tax falls on private-sector earnings, but because they successfully railroaded an individual representing himself who lost on a technicality, against a team of federal attorneys with unlimited resources. In the case of Nelson, that technicality was 2 fold; Tax Court is only for people who have federal income to argue a very limited set of facts, so Nelson was in the wrong venue (unbeknowst to that great Patriot).  2nd, the team of federal attorneys cited bad case law, and Nelson didn't have the Supreme Court decision in hand I cited above to hand to the judge.
Furthermore how do explain these filings where the IRS is OBVIOUSLY involved; 
And are you aware that the IRS has a very stringent "Return Integrity Program" that automatically flags ALL suspicious returns for inspection?!?
So.....   15 years running, tens of millions returns, and HEAVY IRS involvement.  You refuse to answer the questions I posed, and quote select cases where-in individuals are railroaded....  Agreed.  There have been a handful of cases where the IRS successfully railroaded an individual representing himself.  And yet the refunds are continually issued.
So what IRS office do you work for???
@_date: 2019-01-03 20:05:30
Perhaps I am reading it incorrectly, but taking the message as a whole it appears to me what they are saying is, "we are changing our accounting unit to dollars, but we continue to pay out in btc. The amount of btc we pay out is determined by your dollar balance that is being withdrawn and the exchange rate of USD/BTC at the time of withdrawal."
@_date: 2019-01-18 07:50:54
If you do decide to participate (against the unanimous advice given here)... will you at least report the results to us, along with a link to this post?
Not so we can say I told you so.... but because these scams will continue, and we need to continue to document people getting burned by them to warn the unwary; 
"Lately, we also have come across multiple spam accounts, mainly on twitter, with the account name "Zebpay" and our brand logo. Zebpay does NOT do or support any giveaways."  
@_date: 2019-01-04 21:38:13
I think the answer is yes. Then, I don't know.
@_date: 2019-01-25 17:41:23
Question for Tyson;
Is the income tax an unapportioned direct tax or a Constitutional Indirect Excise?
In simple terms, if your gains came from fed-guv then you owe the tax and you should pay attention to Tyson. If your gains didn't come from fed-guv you need to get educated or you will be misled by Tyson and you will pay away a large portion of your non-taxable gains needlessly.
@_date: 2019-01-22 18:15:38
Wow, OP.    That is incredibly insightful, in my opinion. Thank you for sharing your story.
I think you will enjoy this article; 
@_date: 2019-01-15 16:44:05
You may want to learn how to get your name on this list; 
The income tax is a Constitutional Indirect Excise, not a Direct tax. If you don't know the difference, nows a great time to learn.
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:18:29
Mr. Chino,
In the linked article Redman wrote, "Judge Carmen St. George limited her decision to a single question, concluding that Chino did not have the required standing to challenge the Bitlicense regulation".
What was that question?
Also, based on the title of Redmans article I want to ask, Are you French?!?
Can you provide me a link to something like a transcript so I can read what exactly was said in court? I'm very curious to read this judges logic for myself.
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:36:24
Thank you for the response. I will review these and put some more thought into how I can get involved.
@_date: 2019-01-20 02:26:36
How to file your taxes; 
Or follow OP... but remember this; Ignorance Is Slavery
@_date: 2019-01-22 18:03:48
I'm so grateful to have been born on American soil, rather than in a socialist country.
In America only federally-connected bitcoin gains are taxed. Not private-sector bitcoin gains; 
Linus, Come to America and keep all your bitcoin gains, as long as your gains aren't the result of a fed-guv-connected activity... because if your bitcoin gains are the result of a fed-guv-connected activity then you ARE liable for the **federal income** tax.
@_date: 2019-01-17 21:48:18
Ok. But that doesn't answer my question.
In your opinion does an American citizen or company have a right to earn money off fed-guv?? Is that a privilege that most Americans don't get to benefit from??
What about early Robber Barons who made Billions buying up land then renting it to fed-guv so railroads could be installed across the country. Do you think we should tax those Robber Barons on the lucrative privilege they have, of getting paid oodles of tax-dollars?? Or is it a right to get to do business with fed-guv and get paid by the tax-payers??
Taxation Is Enfranchisement.   Ignorance Is Slavery.
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:02:45
If you had put 100k into bitcoin five years ago.... where would you be today??
There's two regrets in bitcoin;
I sold what I had.
I didn't buy when I could have.
Perhaps this recent article will convince you;  "The purpose of this article describes the game, and illustrates how game-theory forces rational actors to choose Bitcoin every time." When the author mentions "22/118", recall the recent graphic showing the yearly lows of the btc price; chairs are being filled, not vacated.
Give this another watch;  The drawer-opening drone analogy is brilliant, imo.
@_date: 2019-01-15 17:37:36
Here's the best comparison I've found. It compares the change in price, YoY, for the 500 most commonly bought items; 
Prices are increasing by ~10% YoY.
@_date: 2019-01-12 01:14:43
Strike 2.
@_date: 2019-01-27 08:14:57
Inspect these;   How can you possibly state these filers are "falling thru the cracks"?!?!
Read this;    Educate yourself or remain ignorant.
No one is "falling thru the cracks". The IRS has a stringent "Return Integrity Program" and all returns are scrutinized, heavily. The IRS follows the law when presented with a lawful, educated filing as they must, or face penalties; 
ONCE, and only once, has the IRS succeeded in court with the imposition of a frivolous penalty against an educated filing. To my knowledge this has not been repeated and if you read this you will see why they haven't risked their careers to "succeed" a second time; 
When public servants break the law, do we cower in fear??  Or hold them responsible, prosecute them, and enjoy the blessings of Liberty? 
Since when is upholding the law going "astray"?!?! To the contrary, allowing our public servants to run amok is going astray.
You can't answer the questions I've posed, neither have you read losthorizons.com in depth. If you had you would have the ability to answer the questions I asked because the answers are simple and basic for anyone who's read losthorizons.com extensively, as you claim to have done. This is important because if you can answer those questions the you KNOW THE LAW!!
If you can not answer the questions I posed then your opinion is ill-formed. Surely you see this?? How can you possibly distinguish truth from falsehood, if you do not know what the law is??  How can you determine who or what to believe??
Seek the Truth!!
@_date: 2019-01-22 20:33:58
"Saying you own bitcoin makes you 55% more attractive to scammers and thieves"   TRUTH!! Keep preaching, OP!
"It definitely doesn't help you with the opposite sex."  I'm not so convinced by that one;     &lt;----- CAUTION: They suggest otherwise, in **VERY** strong terms.
@_date: 2018-11-06 05:04:07
Creating a wallet with a new name Electrum says; "This file does not exist. Press 'Next' to create this wallet, or choose another file."
If I attempt to reuse the name of a wallet file that already exists and is open, Electrum says, "This file is already open in memory. Press 'Next' to create/focus window."
If I close all wallets, and attempt to create a wallet using an already used name, Electrum says; "Press 'Next'  to open this wallet".
I couldn't recreate this bug. Electrum didn't allow me to re-use a wallet name. It only allowed me to open the wallet if the file wasn't in ram, or focus it if it was currently open.
OP, what version of Electrum are you using? I tested this on 3.1.3.
I also created three wallets; wallet2, wallet3, and wallet4. All used the same seed, generated by Electrum for wallet2.
Wallet 2 was standard. Wallet 3 was a "restored" bip39 with path m/44'/0'/0'. Wallet 4 was a restored bip39 with path m/49'/0'/0' 
All public addresses were different among the three wallets. Only wallet4 had addresses that began with a 3 though. Public addresses in wallets 2 and 3 began with a 1, but they did not share public addresses. I could not replicate this bug you describe.
With wallets 2,3,and4 open in ram I created a new segwit wallet5. Electrum gave me a new twelve word seed, which I had to retype in, then select a password. The public addresses for wallet5 begin with bc1q. I could not replicate the bug you describe.
I deleted wallet2 to the recycling bin. Using wallet5 window I attempted to create a new wallet. It immediately brought up wallet2!!  I attempted to make another new wallet from the wallet2 window by clicking new/restore; it wouldnt do anything upon clicking new/restore! I think you found a bug!
I clicked over to the wallet3 window. I selected create new/restore. It also immediately brought up wallet2, and then would not let me create a new wallet.
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:08:15
If faced with a $5 Wrench Attack would you be able to resist calling the other N's who hold a portion of the key? Would they refuse to provide their portion of the key if you were on the phone begging them to give it up so that you aren't murdered?? Would your sister keep her mouth shut and not brag that she helps hold a key to her siblings millions of $$ worth of BTC and thus not make herself a target? If the people you trust to be an N can't keep their mouth shut, do you trust yourself to let them be a victim of the $5 Wrench Attack, and not give up your coins to save their life?
The non-technical answer, repeated here frequently, is to not tell anyone you own Bitcoin. As I see it, every N you include is a counter-party liability.
The US Military teaches in SERE training; "You must try your hardest to resist giving up secrets, but you will not be held legally liable if you are being tortured."
I can't speak to the efficacy of the TIME_LOCK method...  but then again I've never tried because I don't even own bitcoins; I just like talking with the cool kids that do...
@_date: 2019-01-31 02:52:32
When will people learn to take personal responsibilty for their actions? Im tired of this whole, "i got scammed while trying to take adventage of a service provider and now I want someone to help ME get retribution".
Me, me, me.   You essentially tried to steal from a company (and the humans working there) that was providing you a service. Justice has already been served.
@_date: 2019-01-20 19:34:20
Using Bitcoin in the US isn't a taxable event for those who know how to get on this list; 
Your point may or may not apply in Germany, I don't know.
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:12:42
The laws and Constitution do work though; The income tax is lawful and Constitutional.
The issue is that Americans who don't have a liability for the tax have been ensnared in a legalese-based paperwork game; whereby even here the law works...
**Allegations are accepted as true unless rebutted.** If I testify on a w-2/w-3 that I paid you $10,000, then the IRS is entitled to act upon you, because a w-2 is for reporting federal pay, and you didn't disagree with my allegation, and the IRS is allowed to enforce the tax on federal income.
Whether factually true or not, whether the $10k is me paying out 10K of federal monies to you or whether we're in the private-sector doing private-sector business... you didn't rebut my w-2. Even though the language it uses is misleading, since a w-2 is for reporting "wages" (pay to federal employees) the IRS can act as its allowed to against "tax-payers". The law worked... tragically.   If you unwittingly, or out of ignorance, endorse what I put on the w-2; the IRS is entitled to enforce and collect, and once again the law worked. You essentially agreed you had federal pay, regardless of whether you know the full import of what you're voluntarily signing.
It is by making it clear, on a 1040, that one has no federal income, which COMPLETELY shields an American from any interaction with the IRS. Again, in this case, the law works. The IRS has no business, authority, nor interest in non-taxable payments and monies. The IRS is just an administrative agency that processes the documents we send to them. They are allowed to enforce the documents that are in place.
Tax-payers need to fear IRS men with guns. People who don't have a federal income just need to get their kryptonite 1040 in place. If one in fact doesn't have earnings from fed-guv, then that person would do well, in my opinion, to learn how to say so in the proper form and manner required by law. Not only would this allow the filer to correct the record and thereby keep more money, but they would also be ignored by the IRS. The IRS is only interested in "tax-payers"; those who earn money from fed-guv.
As I've tried to write and demonstrate, it is ignorance of the law which the IRS preys on. The law works. The Constitution works. The IRS even "works". It is the American people who have been conditioned to report non-taxable payments on w-2s and 1099s, and also submit the accompanying w-3s and 1098s, thereby making the other-wise non-taxable payment taxable, if only because allegations are accepted as true unless rebutted.
The thing to fear here is ignorance of the law. I suggest this;
Ignorance of the law leads to this;    (some of these are legit crimes, but in many cases its private-sector Americans who don't have a liability for the tax, except the paperwork in the record says they received pay from fed-guv from some source or activity, ie bonds, rents, wages etc.)
Knowledge of the law, which was IMPOSSIBLE pre-computer and pre-internet, now leads to this; 
To your 2nd paragraph, which is what I really wanted to address... you DO NOT need to fear the men with guns if you don't have federally-connected earnings, if you are willing to learn to enough to succeed in getting on that second list. There are no names from the 2nd list, on the first list, though! Not one!!
You have kryptonite available to you. The IRS only interacts with "tax-payers"; which we now know means those with federally-connected earnings, gains, profits, and income. As we all know, the IRS is not exactly kind to tax-payers... and neither should they be. Those who earn money from fed-guv should pay the lawful tax on their fed-guv earnings. But that's a separate issue from private-sector Americans being hoodwinked by legalese, en-masse.
If you don't receive income from fed-guv, then learn to get your paperwork straight. No one on the victory list has been shot by men with guns or drug off to jail. It is the people on the first list, who aren't hip to the scheme that's been used since the 1950s, who are still ignorant and so their accounts at the IRS show things, incorrect things, but things none-the-less which allow the IRS and its men with guns to go after those people.
Get your paper-work correct and you will come over to the camp of "taxation is enfranchisement". When you actually do earn money from fed-guv, you will gladly pay the tax on those gains, because you appreciate and understand the Constitutional application of taxation. And when you are no longer a victim of your own ignorance of the tax code, you won't feel like you're being stolen from anymore.
The IRS doesn't have cover nor authority to steal from you. Their whole game.... The Scheme that's been in place since the 1950s,...    THEY COMPLETELY RELY on you and I being ignorant of the documents we are all **SIGNING VOLUNTARILY** and sending in to them.
The IRS merely processes and enforces the documents we send to them. We need to learn what exactly is being said on those documents because the tax is on federal income, and the IRS is entitled to enforce that, Constitutionally and lawfully.
@_date: 2019-01-27 06:09:19
**If** what you write is true, and you are not simply trolling me, then you are under a severe misunderstanding. 
One who upholds the law, does not go to court to prove the law. This is basic stuff. The US Supreme Court has held that following the words of the court is never frivolous. The US Supreme Court says the income tax is an excise, and so can only fall on things appropriate for an excise; the exercise of a privilege, ie. working for fed-guv. When one is upholding the law, one does not go to court to prove the law.
You've shown that on rare occasion fed-guv railroads individuals... but that doesnt refute Supreme Court holdings. It just means sometimes federal attorneys can win against an untrained layman. 
The evidence you seek is here;  although you appear to have not inspected it, and perhaps to be willfully ignoring it.
If you are not trolling me then read further into this and come to your own conclusions.
I can suggest numerous essays relevant to our discussion;  &amp;   &amp; 
However even those awesome essays only begin to scratch the surface of this topic.
Seek the truth or bury your head in the sand; both require digging.
@_date: 2019-01-27 02:12:22
What you wrote is not wholly wrong but is highly misleading.
These people do not need to go to court;  
When presented with a lawful, educated filing the personel working at the IRS must follow the law or face penalties; 
Furthermore; you won't find any of those people on this list;  because the information/knowledge of the law that informs their filings is correct and so they don't end up in court.
Most tax professionals haven't learned this information yet, most "tax professionals" are accountants, not attorneys, and there is a dirth of tax attorneys. However many attorneys have learned this info and they write things such as, "I'm going to change my area of practice because of the info presented at losthorizons.com". Furthermore the legalese based scheme was so thorough that until the advent of computer, word-search, and internet it was literally impossible to navigate the fog, smoke, mirrors, and pitfalls put in place.
Finally, this isn't a controversial perspective. It is the perspective of the US Supreme Court. That perspective has been purposefully hidden though because govt has an insatiable appetite. The history is there for the diligent student to learn. Just because most are too lazy, cowardly, or even benefit from the scheme, does not make it controversial.
Go ask your neighbors to answer these questions;
Can you tell me what the Pollack decision was and what Constitutional Amendment was created to undue the Pollack decision?
Can you tell me what positive vs. non-positive law is; in the context of the US Code?
Can you explain to me the difference between a direct and indirect tax and how the Constitution restricts each class??
Can you show me Statutes written by Congress that implement both direct and indirect taxes? Can you tell me what sections of Code each statute got rolled into?
Can you explain to me why the 1873 and 1939 version of the US CODE are written clearly, while the 1954 and 1986 versions are written with the most confusing language known to man??
Can you explain to me why until the early 1950's, from 1862 until the 1950s, only 4-10% of the US population paid the **federal income** tax, where-as today everyone pays.
Then go ask the people on the list above who get everything withheld from them returned. Then go ask your accountant. Finally, ask an attorney.
Although all of that is unnecessary. This indisputable and incontrovertible proof speaks for itself; 
Seek the truth or bury your head in the sand; both require digging.
edit:  are you scared of your public servants at the IRS?    This is the worst they've treated us;     Most of those examples result in the IRS going off to find an uneducated target, after returning everything that was withheld from the filers private-sector earnings.  A few of those examples are still awaiting resolution.
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:54:30
Interesting...   FWIW, I was only commenting on the language used in the notification. I have no knowledge of the companies motive.
Is it your suggestion that they are attempting to profit at the users expense, by introducing the middle-step of USD exchange??  I'm trying to do the math of your example in my head, but it's happy hour in my time zone.
@_date: 2019-01-16 18:55:05
"Taxes and Workers get paid."    Tragic. Bitwage will profit off perpetuating the ignorance that's afflicted the US since the 1950s.
This is doubly tragic as resources exist to dispel this ignorance;  
America will continue to decline until bitwage and the rest of us re-learn the following; The only thing mentioned twice in the US Constitution: Direct Taxes Shall Be Apportioned.
The private-sector will continue to incorrectly divert 1/3 of itself, yearly, to fed-guv. And bitwage is there to "help".
Just fucking great...
@_date: 2019-01-30 23:29:37
@_date: 2019-01-17 06:36:05
"That way people who dont agree with taxation just wouldnt have to pay them."
You just described a U.S. Constitutional Indirect Excise tax. This is exactly why the US Founding Fathers wrote what they did, any capitation or direct tax must be split up according to population, like we see here;   (Read SECTION 8 at the bottom, and onto the next page.)
Americans can avoid Excise taxes by not engaging in specified activity. The income tax can be avoided by not earning money from fed-guv. Americans can avoid the alcohol tax by not buying it or they can make there own. Americans can avoid the tax on tobacco by growing their own and avoided packs of cigarettes.
Here's the income tax statute, as you can see it's plainly not apportioned like the Direct tax above (see section 86); 
Anyway awesome comment. You'd fit right in at the table with the Founding Fathers, imo.
@_date: 2019-01-06 21:05:27
Well done and nice write-up.
Some ideas for ensuring maximum security might be; use 2FA on your exchange account. Practice safe mal-ware avoidance, learn how others have lost their coins to key-stroke-loggers etc. Double check the transaction parameters before broadcasting it, ie. proper address, fee amount, etc. And perhaps MOST IMPORTANTLY; learn to use this powerful function of electrum; 
The watch-only wallet combined with creating transactions on a dedicated &amp; offline device is a powerfully secure set up, in my opinion. Electrum also has an android app, an old android phone can be a secure offline hardware device; or you could take another route altogether; 
As to privacy, this recent article captures a zeitgeist;    Wasabi wallet has a native mixing feature, as I understand it. The developer is doing an AMA soon;     &lt;------ Read the comment
@_date: 2019-01-11 16:00:06
There is no option to file or not. Someone who has a liability for the tax MUST file and account for all federal income or face penalties. This article will be useful to a few people, but it also serves to mislead the majority who will read it.
This article completely fails to address who has a liability for the tax, and uses language suggesting that all gains are taxable gains.  This is simply not the case.
The US income tax is an excise. One becomes liable for the income tax by **earning money from Fed-guv**, by being a "Kings Man". That is a special privilege few people get to benefit from, and those that do must pay the federal income tax on their fed-guv derived gains, profits, and income.
The first step in every tax filing is to ask; "Did my "gains, profits, income" come to me from Fed-guv?" Whether your earnings are from fed-guv in the form of wages earned as a federal employee, rents from renting something to fed-guv, dividends or gains from bonds and federal investments, etc etc...    If your answer is, "Yes. The money I earned came from fed-guv", then you must jump thru all the hoops described in this paper.
If your earnings are from the private-sector, then the IRS doesn't care about you and you are not obligated to report anything nor are you taxed on your private-sector gains, profits, and income.
However, W-2s and 1099s are only for reporting the payments of federal monies by federal entities! If you received one of these from a private-sector company then you need to rebut it, or pay a tax you otherwise wouldn't owe. The IRS will consider all w-2s and 1099s it received as true, unless you notify them otherwise in the proper manner. They will especially consider it true if you [out of ignorance] endorse the incorrect 1099/w-2.
See my comment history for more discussion on information returns, the US Code,  and other aspects of this simple (but purposefully made confusing by the tax-feeders) topic.
@_date: 2019-01-24 22:48:43


Is this true?!?   Can I look at the public address for the private key you gave me, and compare that against the public address which your TIME_LOCK transaction is sending the coins to?? Are TIME_LOCK transactions also public and on-chain??  If I search the blockchain for the public address that corresponds to the private key you gave me, and nothing turns up... won't I know you've lied to me??
@_date: 2019-01-20 05:16:20
A parable;
Today I had the chance to give OP a wake-up call.
OP is a dumbass though and will ignore everything I type. OP thinks he knows better. OP will find some excuse to ignore everything I am trying to teach him.
I tried, and tried, and tried again to get him to understand; 
OP isn't ready though.
"You can lead a horse to water... but if you force it to drink you will only drown it"
@_date: 2019-01-27 06:18:59
I've already addressed that here; 
@_date: 2019-01-06 20:20:51
"that's likely a greatly wrong statistic"
4000 respondents is a decent sample size, yes??  I do agree generally though; due to the pseudonymous nature of Bitcoin this data could be misleading.
@_date: 2019-01-06 20:33:22
Do we know the methodology of their research? Do we know this poll is of coindesk readers? and not of the general community?
IF, this data is from their readership, then point well made. But my gut says yes; 4000 of coindesks readership would be representative (but certainly not conclusive).
@_date: 2019-01-12 00:59:44
Good questions. I think you'll find this video answers many of your questions; 
His drawer-opening-drone analogy is very good. It's the best answer to your question that I have.
Yes, Bitcoin are inactive until the key is found (if ever?). This is not an issue though, as I see it, because bitcoin is divisible, and can be coded to be even further divisible. We could all use one single bitcoin for a monetary system, although we might being dealing with a satoshi of a satoshi.
When might enough computational power and infrastructure and electricity be available to "treasure-hunt" after lost coins?? If we can just program bigger numbers in, then when the lost coins are "low numbers" relative to what computers can handle and deal with, we will see those coins recovered.
Can we always stay ahead of hackers/double spenders by using bigger and bigger numbers?? I think we can. Old/low number security will fall behind and be secured by a new owner with a higher/newer number.
@_date: 2019-01-21 15:10:38
It depends... Do you live in the US? Did you acquire your bitcoins off fed-guv at a federal auction or are they held in an IRA?
If you're like the people on the linked list below who have no **federal income**, then no you don't have a liability for the **federal income** tax.
However, even if you have no federal income, you could be a victim of someone elses ignorance, if they were to misreport your private-sector gains on a 1099. 1099s are only for reporting the payment of federal monies that came out of the US Treasuries pot, but that form is regularly misused by private-sector actors.
Learn how these people got on this list;  and you will be able to answer that question for yourself.
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:17:41
Awesome story and nice write-up!
@_date: 2019-01-18 09:31:07
You are correct that those words are in there.
Do those words mean, "we want to impliment bitcoin worldwide, so free people can escape the banking cartel"?
or do those words mean, "We want to create our own crypto-currency, anything but bitcoin really, because we can't let the host we parasatize off of get free. We need to do some blockchain, or DLT, or any cryptocurency that isn't bitcoin."?
I suggest they mean the later.  Davos Elites, and the 250 government representatives from the G20 nations are beholden to banks, depend on inflatable fiat currency, and are (petty?) tyrants. They are not trying to impliment Bitcoin. They are trying to implement any new crypto-currency that isn't bitcoin.
They are not looking to "adopt bitcoin to end the enslavement of the population by our corrupted and co-opted banking system."  They are looking to maintain control at all costs, and to keep their gravy train rolling, by "jointly shape our monetary and financial systems by not only leveraging new technologies, such as cryptocurrencies" as they clearly say in the WEF overview.
Thank you for discussing this with me.
@_date: 2019-01-27 04:48:30
The first question to ask your attorney is;
1) Is the income tax a Constitutional apportioned direct tax or a Constitutional indirect excise tax? and can you show me any US Supreme Court cases to back up your position? then
2) Can you show me the legislation passed by Congress that implemented the tax, and also the section of the US Code the legislation was put into? then
3) When the legislation passed by Congress was rolled into the US Code, does it change the meaning of the underlying legislation? then
4) Can you explain why so few Americans (only those who earned money off fed-guv) paid the tax for 100 years, but when the US Code was revised for the 3rd time, suddenly all Americans started paying the tax, and why?
If the attorney can't answer those questions then fire him.
The best source of info I've found is losthorizons.com
No one seems to be able to explain to me how all these people are keeping everything they earn in the private-sector:    But pay the tax, only, on their federally-connected  earnings.
There are even people on that list that earn money in the private-sector and off of fed-guv both.   Why is the IRS processing all of these peoples filings?  How come those people don't pay any tax on their private-sector earnings, but only on their **federal income**?
@_date: 2019-01-29 04:43:40
US Fed-guv has never acquired, used, nor paid out WoW gold so the IRS hasn't needed to offer specific guidance. IRS guidance is not law though anyway. IRS guidance is merely an interpretation of a **re-worded version** of THE LAW by the people who stand to benefit, and it's a swampy, murky, opaque, and purposefully misleading one at that. IRS guidance is just another attempt on the IRS' part to reinforce misunderstanding of THE LAW thru the use of **CODE** legalese.
When the US Marshalls start selling WoW gold they seized, or when FEDERAL EMPLOYEES start putting WoW gold into their IRA, or when **self-employed** contractors receive it as pay for a fed-guv job, it will be treated no differently than BTC, dollars, or sea shells.
"**Trade or Business**" is defined as "the performance of the functions of a [federal] public office" in the **CODE**. 
Until we see the people working for fed-guv handling wow-gold as part of their job, it is irrelevant to the tax because;
"All persons engaged in a **trade or business** (performance of their federal job) and making payment in the course of such **performance of their federal job** to another person, of rent, salaries, wages, premiums, annuities, compensations, remunerations, emoluments, or other fixed or determinable gains, profits, and income, .... of $600 or more in any taxable year, ...shall render a true and accurate return (such as a 1099) to the Secretary,... setting forth the amount of such gains, profits, and income, and the name and address of the recipient of such payment."    
Yeah... In America we track the money our federal public servants spend, and we laid the FEDERAL INCOME tax on those who receive it. Fed-guv doesn't use, nor has it acquired WoW gold. But if fed-guv started using WoW-gold then those who profit off their relationship with fed-guv will still have to pay the income tax, even if no guidance is issued because IRS guidance isn't law and...
**26 USC §61** (learn to get your own link to the law, ya bum) "defines" **gross income** and lists many of the ways to earn money off fed-guv, although the list is not exhaustive. Remember as you look at that list, that that section of **CODE** is a **re-wording** of actual LEGISLATION passed by CONGRESS. IT was **re-worded** in a way to deceive, not enlighten nor explain. The legislation is THE LAW. The **CODE** is just "evidence of THE LAW".   !!!!!   Anyway, WoW gold is properly considered **gross income**, and TAXABLE, by a recipient when the GAINS, PROFIT, AND INCOME is paid out by someone engaged in a **performance of the functions of a public office**.
We haven't even looked at THE LAW here; the underlying LEGISLATION. We've only been looking at the (purposefully misleading) **re-wording** of IT.
Critical Thinking:  Does the IRS mislead private-sector Americans into paying a tax they don't owe, by confusing those Americans to believe that "Trade or Business" in Title 26 of the US **CODE** means something other than "THE PERFORMANCE OF THE FUNCTIONS OF A [FEDERAL] PUBLIC OFFICE" while also hiding the underlying legislation and also the relevant Supreme Court decisions and also the relevant history of the Pollack decision and the 16th Amendment??  Would our public servants in government, starting in the 1940s/50s, do this to us??
   (look at the Bureau of Economic Analysis graph, and at everything that's been revealed on the Web)
If your bitcoin gains are not from fed-guv then, in my opinion, you should learn how these people got on this list;     otherwise, and in fact, you will pay a tax you aren't liable for.
@_date: 2019-01-22 18:11:19
An upvote to the OP is not an endorsement of the message, it is an endorsement of the messenger who brought the BS spewed by the BIS to our attention.
Don't punish the messenger!
Fuck the BIS, thank you OP for bringing this to my attention.
@_date: 2019-01-21 16:14:59
To be clear, simply living in the US doesn't make one liable for the **federal income** tax. However if you're Chinese and asking about Chinese taxation, then my answer wouldn't apply (except in rare circumstances).
@_date: 2019-01-17 22:24:29
I am doing no such thing.
That list is incontrovertible proof.  Respectfully, you appear to be willfully ignoring it.
Curiously, not a single name from that list will be found on this list; 
Why not??
Read the law for yourself; Section 86 here; 
Compare that to section 8 here; 
Everyone has to pay the section 8 tax. Its a Constitutional Direct tax.   Federal Employees who earn [federal] wages pay the tax at section 86, it's the income tax.
Our founding fathers were wise and set up taxation properly in the constitution. SInce the 1950s, the US CODE has been use to mislead the American people. The US CODE only re-states the law, it does not change the underlying legislation nor add any new meaning. But it can be worded in a way to mislead the uninitiated. Learn about how the CODE relates to the legisltion here; 
We now have internet and computers and are blowing this shit wide open; see the list for proof.
@_date: 2019-01-18 10:20:44
We certainly do not hear that everyday, although I cynically interpret that as double speak. It would be beautiful if they were referring to Bitcoin but I fear they are referring to a permissioned-ledger cryptocurrency.
I agree the Bitcoin community should debate this topic and present their views. Bitcoin was not mentioned in the WEF Overview, and I suspect this was purposeful. I also doubt "Bitcoin" will have a voice at the WEF. Maybe Ripple will have a voice there, but I doubt Bitcoin will. Am I wrong, to your knowledge?
Perhaps I am overly cynical about all of this. But it is my fear that "blockchain" is stressed, and will be discussed, precisely because "blockchain" is a euphamism for "technology like Bitcoin, but which we control the issuance of, so definately not Bitcoin itself".
SHould I be more hopeful or is my cynicism warranted??
@_date: 2019-01-20 19:35:27


You should review my comment history.
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:28:44
     This is standard at this point. 
My opinion is that Electrum (Electrum.org) is very simple to learn. So is their cold-storage methods; 
If you must, write down your 12 words and secure the paper they're written on. Or you could "write them down" with something such as this; 
Even Deterministic wallets have issues though; Humans are a horrible source of randomness and humans should not choose their own twelve words. Humans should allow the software to randomly generate the 12 words. 
It is my opinion that the "Watch-only wallet" offered by Electrum is very powerful, I believe it functions on both the Electrum PC software and also on the android app.
@_date: 2019-01-16 23:56:40
Pre-internet, Americans knew "something was wrong" with the income tax, but they couldn't quite put their finger on it. We're the "home of the free and the brave" yet Americans were conditioned to fear the IRS, and were helpless against it.
In 2003, with the aid of computer, word-search, and internet the complete story was finally put together. The Code was Cracked. The legal priesthood no longer controls the message of a book, which only the priests could intepret.
That's why at the site I link to there are thousands of actual tax returns and Treasury checks and essays walking us thru the law. The video you linked to barely has 400 likes, and results are bad things apparently,.... not mass refunds, as you see at the link I provided.
Avoid that video. While the lecturer should be lauded for his attempt, he failed spectacularly because the US Code is not explained by the Bible. Jesus has nothing to do with the income tax. No one should be filing false tax returns. We have better tools and information today than he had in 1991 before the internet really even existed.
Learn how to read the law for yourself. You can learn at the site I linked to. If you want some videos, check these out; 
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:51:46
The force is strong in this one.
@_date: 2019-01-26 17:42:26
Even if they weren't monitoring, one is not absolved of their liability for the tax. Failure to file or pay the tax one owes carries penalties, and interest, and the Statute of Limitations, iirc, is 10 years.
The question to ask is, "did my gains come from fed-guv or from the private-sector?" If from fed-guv then declare your taxable gains and pay the tax. If from the private-sector, then get educated and you do not need to declare your non-taxable gains. You may need to rebut an erroneous 1099 though, otherwise you will become liable due to someone elses erroneous testimony that your gains were from fed-guv, when in fact they weren't.
@_date: 2019-01-17 17:12:01
In the US the Income tax falls on earning money from the Federal Government. 
Is it your opinion that Americans have a right to earn money from fed-guv and that they should be able to earn money from fed-guv tax-free?
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:57:39
The only (Devils Advocate) response I can come up with is;
If you do give me the wrong key and then I kill you, then your coins will be lost forever thereby increasing the value of the coins I already hold.  Is that a win-win for me? Either I get the right key and you're dead or my coins go up in value and you're dead.
@_date: 2019-01-21 03:35:56
I've written extensively about this topic. See my comment history for a relevant red pill.
The first question to ask in all income tax filings is; were my "gains, profits, and income" earned in the private-sector, or earned off of fed-guv? The answer to that question determines your liability for the **federal income** tax. Then it's just a paperwork game.
Learn more here; 
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:32:23
This isn't "blockchain" subreddit and we're not blockchainers.
Davos people say, "Blockchain, not Bitcoin".
Fuck them.
If you had written, "That's exactly what I'm saying. **Bitcoin** community should seize ... They shouldn't be passive that's what I'm saying. " then I may agree with you.
But Davos people detest Bitcoin, which is why they ignore it and are trying to make a blockchain that is not Bitcoin and which they control.
@_date: 2019-01-24 21:02:55
Let's suppose you TIME_LOCK your coins for ten years, then you die suddenly somehow?    What then?  Will you be trusting someone else to also hold the private-keys in case of this eventuality?
edit   I think I have a solution to this but I want you to come up with it yourself.
@_date: 2019-01-06 19:53:23
Is this the information you are looking for?; 
@_date: 2019-01-19 16:29:30
Then don't be like the old generation. Use your brain and figure out how to get on this list; 
Keep your money, if you didn't earn it off fed-guv.
@_date: 2019-01-31 18:35:40
Overall I think this is a good article. The author is humble enough to acknowledge; "the information above was gathered from open sources at the time of writing and does not constitute any form of professional or other advice".
Regarding the **Federal Income** tax in the United States though, what the author wrote serves to mislead American bitcoiners about the [federal] "income tax"; The author is misinformed.
The author wrote; "To be considered an income, a cryptocurrency transaction must be received as a form of payment for the purpose of making a profit." and the author also wrote, "if the cryptocurrencies are sold at a higher price than what they were initially bought for, is this activity deemed taxable as a capital gain." Neither of those statements are accurate, regarding the federal income tax in America. What the author failed to convey is that "income" means "gains, profits, and income derived from a federally-connected activity, ONLY". Said another way, unless the income came to the bitcoiners from fed-guv, it is outside the scope of the tax. Only **federal income** is taxed by the [federal] income tax in the U.S.
The author concludes that the US system of [federal] income taxation is confusing meanwhile certain Eastern European states are great places for bitcoiners to live.
This is an unfortunate and misguided conclusion because the United States is an AWESOME place for a bitcoiner to live, IF the bitcoiner knows how these people got on this list; 
An American bitcoiner who has an accurate understanding of US Constitutional tax provisions and the actual statutory structure of the income tax will find the United States is an excellent place to reside as they pay 0% tax on their non-taxable bitcoin gains and private-sector income. To the contrary, an American bitcoiner who hasn't studied these things will be better off moving to the Eastern European countries the author wrote about, in my opinion, if they don't want to pay away a huge portion of the otherwise non-taxable gains/income they've earned for themself.
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:21:09
ROFL  XD     Thank you!
@_date: 2019-01-31 01:10:21
Use the search function at that website to find the appendix and the bulletin board.
And re-read the same essay, stop when you get to "Here is how it will play out again **once enough Americans have recovered an accurate understanding of US Constitutional tax provisions and the actual statutory structure of the income tax,** which fully conforms to those provisions and their state-disciplining purpose:"
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:43:23
Devils advocate again;
What is to stop me (the attacker) from beating the private-key to the TIME_Locked address out of you, killing you, and then waiting patiently knowing I can give up this life of crime because I will be a quindecillionaire in a few years?
Maybe I can't get the coins today... but my gang will still be around 10 years from now and I want them to remember me and what I did for them...
ie. The Yakuza has been in operation for over 400 years.
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:04:02
Respectfully, you misunderstand the nature of the income tax, and probably the other taxes levied upon us. Check my comment history and take the red pill.  Losthorizons.com
@_date: 2019-01-04 23:20:52
We may just see his name on this list soon because, "here we are";     
Sir (potentially soon to be ma'am), I salute your bravery!! Many talk-the-talk, while few actually risk their dick, so to speak.
@_date: 2019-01-31 02:24:55
You asked how we achieve what was written in the second half of the CTCLife essay. The answer is; "once enough Americans have recovered an accurate understanding of US Constitutional tax provisions and the actual statutory structure of the income tax".
That is the root that must be struck; Americans must recover an accurate understanding of US Constitutional tax provisions and the actual statutory structure of the income tax, particlarly.
We've already begun. Go see the bulletin board.
@_date: 2019-01-17 22:14:35
Good response! Respectfully, I disagree with much of what you wrote though.
Is it theft if;
A tax falls on earning money from fed-guv, and you (lacking knowledge) send paperwork to the IRS that says "All this money I earned is taxable because it all came from fed-guv"??  Cuz that's what a 1040 is; an accounting of federally-derived income.  Know this... a w-2 and 1099 is only for reporting the payments of federal monies. A 1040 is for calculating and reporting the tax owed on all incomes earned from fed-guv **ONLY**.
If you ignorantly declare you earnings to be taxable, and the IRS acts on that... is that theft?!?!? If you sign a document under penalty of perjury that it is true, and that document is only for reporting federal income, and you think it's for reporting ALL income, including private-sector income, and you report your private-sector income, is the IRS the thief... or are they just processing the paperwork you sent them??
LOOK AT THIS LIST; 
EDIT  How much extra money does Fed-guv have to spend... if Americans were conditioned from 1950-2003 to declare all their earnings as federally connected??    If Americans, en masse, were to learn the law, and only pay the tax, lawfully, on their federal income... how much less $$ would fed-guv have??
@_date: 2019-01-27 18:37:50
That is a relevant question to people who earn money off of fed-guv, which can be done in a multitude of ways. Unfortunately it is also highly misleading for those who have never studied the law and earn their money in the private-sector, including their bitcoin gains.   I write about this topic incessantly. See my comment history.
@_date: 2019-01-25 00:43:04
BOnUs:  SPell thIngz IncOrektlI sO aZ 2 sEt LoW wAteRR mArk &amp; fAle 2 aChEEvE...   lulz
For the seriously-security-minded: see this; 
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:34:57
Your explanation makes sense to me.
Going a step further, this article;  suggests it's not even a gamble, but an inevitability. Those who recognize this inevitability first, and are able to capitalize on it, are the earliest retirees.
@_date: 2019-01-19 16:01:55
"are there any coins that are closer to Mr. Nakamoto’s vision"?     No.
"did Mr. Nakamoto see that Bitcoin would change this much"   Yes.    
@_date: 2019-01-22 23:26:40
I wrote "federally connected bitcoin gains".  The operative legal term is gains.
Some people earn money in the private-sector. Some people earn their money off fed-guv and get paid out of the US Treasury. This distinction is important when it comes to the **federal income** tax.
Whether "gains, profits, and income" is in the form of seashells, dollars, gold, bitcoin, perks, tips etc....    if the earnings are the result of a federally-connected activity....    that is federally-connected income; **federal income**.
A few examples of "federally-connected" would be working as an elected official, or as a janitor at the Pentagon, or a member of the Armed Forces, or a contractor working on a federal project and being paid by fed-guv, or receiving dividends on US Govt bonds, or even buying bitcoins off the US Govt at auction. No American has a right to earn money off fed-guv. That is a privilege which we tax, with a Constitutional Indirect Excise.
So if one were an employee of the federal government, and got paid in bitcoin, one would receive federally-connected wages, paid out in the form of bitcoins. If one realizes "gains" from their Fed-guv connected activities, and bitcoin is involved, then they have "Federally-connected bitcoin gains".
Does that clear it up?
If you owned stock in any of these companies,  and sold that stock within one year, you pay a certain rate of tax on those federally-connected gains. If you were to hold longer than one year, you would pay a different rate on those federally-connected gains. 
The scheme that has been in place since the 1940s/50s has been to use legalese in the US Code to mislead the uninitiated. Laymen are invited to think "gains" (a custom defined legal term in the US Code) refers to all types of gains we could possibly imagine.   That is only true in-so-far as it is federally-connected. It does not refer to private-sector gains that have nothing to do with fed-guv.  You are not supposed to know this but the internet is breaking this wide open.
To my knowledge, at this time, the only people with a bitcoin related liability for the **federal income** tax would be people like Tim Draper who got to exercise a privilege most of us didn't.  He got to buy assets off fed-guv which have since appreciated.
@_date: 2019-01-30 21:52:50
Reading comprehension &amp; A willingness to dig for the Truth.
I showed you what the result could be; Start digging, dig deep, and you might join us.
@_date: 2019-01-24 20:27:03
Devils advocate here; 
You are in an emergency situation (hit by a bus, foreign military invading, bread-winner lost their job etc), desperate for funds, and banks, perhaps, are shut down. 
Are you able to access your bitcoins in an emergency situation if they are TIME_LOCKed? I can't say I would share my emergency stash of food with you or pay your medical bills, if all you can provide is a promise of bitcoins 10 years in the future.
Perhaps we can get an answer from someone living in Venezuela. Are they time_locking their coins?
@_date: 2019-01-16 20:35:48
I suggest you inspect the list linked to below with a critical eye, and then ask yourself, "What knowledge of the law do these people have that allowed them to achieve this?". Then go find that knowledge.
The law doesn't need to be changed. We just need more Americans to learn and uphold the law as its actually written.
For example;  Can you tell me what the Pollack decision was and what Constitutional Amendment was created to undue the Pollack decision?
Can you tell me what positive vs. non-positive law is; in the context of the US Code?
Can you explain to me the difference between a direct and indirect tax and how the Constitution restricts each class??
Can you show me Statutes written by Congress that implement both direct and indirect taxes? Can you tell me what sections of Code each statute got rolled into?
Can you explain to me why the 1873 and 1939 version of the US CODE are written clearly, while the 1954 and 1986 versions are written with the most confusing language known to man??
Can you explain to me why until the early 1950's, from 1862 until the 1950s, only 4-10% of the US population paid the income tax, where-as today "everyone pays".
All of these questions are answered at the website I linked to, soooooooo much more. Red pill or blue pill... your choice at this point, my friend.
@_date: 2019-01-27 18:33:23
Ad hominems are uncalled for. Try to be excellent, not uncouth.
You don't need to bare your ass to all of reddit, and I wont force you too. You may however want to read what was written about the site you linked to. It was discussed in depth here; 
@_date: 2019-01-20 20:19:17
Is it possible you've been a victim of a Clipboard attack?
Can you confirm that the deposit address Binance supplied to you is the one you actually sent the funds to?  This is why my first suggestion was to contact Binance.
@_date: 2019-01-06 06:05:31
This is my all-time favorite bitcoin primer; 
This is my favorite bitcoin video;  
Neither of those is the end all be all though; There are many other good resources.
If you get thru the above resources, then watch these; 
Here's an awesome compendium; 
@_date: 2019-04-03 03:21:56
 (on this list) not affected; 
@_date: 2019-01-07 17:22:25
There's quite a bit in there; you want the tax related comments.  :)
@_date: 2019-01-30 17:53:49
Nope.   However, unlike most traders I know how to get my name on this list; 
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:55:47
Best explanation I can come up with; 
@_date: 2019-01-18 23:48:24
Great job, Wyoming Folks!!
Paging Ben Lawsky. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:18:20
Cool story, overall.
Careful with paper wallets though. Consider these points; 
It would be soul-crushing to lose a paper-wallet to water damage, as we see in the photo at that link.   The poor owner... literally.
@_date: 2018-11-04 17:28:50
No. See 26 USC §6511(b)(2)(A) 
John can only get a refund for three years past.
John however can correct the record as far back as he cares to. This is useful for many reasons. ie. John worked in the private sector in 2009 and earned $100,000. By law he didn't have a tax liability. Unfortunately John didn't have the knowledge I've been screaming about, and so he unwittingly declared his private-sector earnings to be federally-connected, he calculated that he owed a tax of $30,000, and the IRS didn't bother to correct John or his declarations of having a liability, the IRS gladly accepted his voluntary donation. *Even though John said he owed $30,000, he didn't have the money to hand over to the IRS so a lien was put on his house.*
John can file an amended return for 2009 showing that he has no liability for TY 2009 because his federal income was actually $0.00, and the IRS will remove the incorrect lien. &amp;*edit*&amp; But john will not get a refund for the monies he paid in for TY 2009. He's past the three year limit. UNLESS he paid some of that "owed" money within the prior two years; that amount he can claim back.
@_date: 2018-11-05 23:08:42
Read my comment history!
@_date: 2019-01-17 17:19:14
I hear ya, although it makes sense to me.
Look at u/UncleTouchysPlayTime comment up top. Many people, myself included agree with that sentiment.
The issue is that UncleTouchysPlayTime does not know how the US Code relates to Statutes passed by Congress. Uncle also doesn't know "employer" is custom defined in the US Code to mean "the federal entity one works for".
If UncleTouchy and the rest of us knew all the custom definitions of the legal terms used in the US Code, and used those terms accurately in conversation, UncleTOuchy would've written;
"I want the company I work for to pay me in bitcoin".
If UncleTouchy is an EPA or TSA employee, or some type of federal employee, his statement would be accurate...   he wants his [federal] employer to pay him in bitcoin.
"Employer" in the Title 26 = Federal Employer **ONLY**
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:31:30
1. You suggest that utility is vanishingly small relative to speculation, but have not put forth any evidence of this claim. It appears to me you are putting the cart before the horse; utility comes before speculation. It is my opinion that remittances reports, anecdotal stories out of Venezuela, dark markets operators being caught in possession of millions if not billions worth of bitcoin, Overstock paying its Ohio state taxes.... all speaks to utility. It is my opinion the speculation we've seen is minuscule compared to whats to come. 
2. It is not a logical fallacy to draw conclusions from game-theory. As written in the article,  It is the prisoners-dilemna, applied as a thought experiment to bitcoin adoption, that results in the shared conclusion. Stocks are not money and bitcoin is not a stock. As I read it, the author of the article was discussing money, not stocks. It seems your myopic vision of bitcoin as a purely speculative investment thing is preventing you from seeing btc as money, rather than as a stock like investment thingy.
3. I agree you are not making claims about utility. You see it as "vanishingly small"; irrelevant. The most fundamental value of bitcoin springs from it's scarcity and its utility. These two components inform any speculation. Bitcoin is good sound money, it's scarce and has utility. Because of this, its future is speculated upon in the market.       Regardless of the number of potential crypto currencies that may exist; bitcoin is finite. This is important just as it is important that gold is relatively finite, even though numerous other metals exist. If bitcoin wasn't finite, it would be just another shitcoin among the thousands that exist.  But of all the metals/shitcoins, one or two exist that have the right properties. Scarcity being one of them.
@_date: 2018-07-11 03:06:25
You need to read Cracking the Code - The fascinating truth about taxation in America.
If a 1099 wasn't issued to you, then you're 99&amp; free and clear. Unfortunately, the IRS knows most Americans have no idea what the excise tax laws actually say and so the IRS will use duplicitous means to engineer a liability and extract money from Americans who aren't liable for the tax but do not know how to say so in a legally meaningful manner. Only CTC-educated Americans can stand toe to toe with the IRS and win.   Check out the CTC bulletin board for some mind-blowing proof.
In the absence of an 'information return' (1099, w-2) only you declaring (erroneously) that your money is from a taxable activity can make you liable for the tax. Even if a 1099 was issued, a CTC educated filer knows how to rebut erroneous 1099s.
Either fork over some money to keep them from harassing you (maybe follow Elwars advice above), or get educated and don't let them fuck with you ever again.
@_date: 2018-07-09 13:42:51
Roger did not commit a terrorist act. He simply failed to comply with these rules; [
I don't know who Roger sold these explosives too. Perhaps some of the purchasers were terrorists. I don't know.
I don't think Roger is a dick. I do think that Roger consistently puts others at risk to benefit himself. This would be narcissism, I think?
@_date: 2018-07-21 02:18:58
@_date: 2018-07-11 04:02:05


@_date: 2018-07-09 15:12:23
If you want clarity on income tax laws google "Cracking the Code - The Fascinating Truth about Taxation in America". Be sure to check  out the bulletin board.
Once you have clarity for yourself you will understand why clarity won't be coming from Congress.
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:54:28
Good point.
Roger, like us all of us, is self-interested. We can conclude that Roger isn't even intelligent enough to realize his own actions could come back to bite him in the ass.   This is not someone I would want as CEO of my shitcoin company.
@_date: 2018-07-30 14:22:09








@_date: 2018-07-11 23:33:48
Your comment is excellent. I wonder why you wrote "hardware wallet is the way to go" over Electrum (desktop or android). Isn't remembering/securing 12 words more secure than a physical device?? Can an old phone or laptop, air-gapped, be as secure as an engineered hardware wallet?
I really like the watch-only feature and offline signing that Electrum offers. I've never used a hardware wallet. I don't trust them yet because I know very little about them except that they exist.
@_date: 2018-07-03 21:54:01
Americans need to get CTC educated. It's the only way to lawfully stay safe from the machinations of the duplicitous IRS.
@_date: 2018-07-03 22:13:45
The IRS systematically misapplies the income tax to Americans who haven't studied the relevant laws. It is imperative for all American bitcoiners to get CTC educated. Or just accept that they will be paying away a large portion of their bitcoins.   
Today, with the Internet at our fingertips, there is no excuse not to get educated on what the law actually says then and uphold the law. Tens of thousands already have and pay ZERO tax. Obviously you won't get a memo from the IRS that they've been hoodwinking you and the rest of the American people from 1940-2003.
@_date: 2018-07-23 04:21:28
What peer reviewed journal is PabloMPAs model published in?? I'd be interested to read what PabloMPAs economist peers think of his approximation of reality.
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:05:48
Did your bitcoins gains somehow arise from a federally-connected activity??  I don't see how that is possible. None-the-less, the law says YOU declare on your 1040 how much money you earned off Fed-guv and if your return is "false, fraudulent, or frivolous," then the IRS is allowed and required to produce a return and sign it under penalty of perjury. If you want to, under penalty of perjury, declare that your bitcoins were earned from Fed-guv, or if you can't distinguish between private earnings and income from Fed-guv.... well the IRS is happy to accept your donation.
You may want to learn the difference between direct and indirect taxation in America. I suggest Cracking the Code - The Fascinating Truth about Taxation in America. "Gains" is a misleading legal term used in the US Code. I suggest you would be much better off learning what the law actually says vs asking the blind to show you around.
Do you doubt my words?? Check out the bulletin board at the cracking the code website and look at the thousands of examples.
\ marches on.
I don't use tax software, or pay the income tax for that matter, despite earning oodles of $$, as none of it is from Fed-guv.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:19:27
The whole world is awash in paper money and central banks have been printing/devaluing their currencies since 1971. It is a competitive race to the bottom, a beggar thy neighbor policy. The largest one time devaluation of the Yuan occurred years ago when Obama was president; [   but due to the mathematical nature of fractional reserve lending, expect a larger devaluation any day now. To blame Trump, or any president, for the central banks money printing is illogical. 
Governments/central banks print currency (legal counterfeiting) thereby devaluing the currency held by citizens. Humans/citizens do not want their hard-earned money devalued. It's a simple choice really; do we citizens save our funds in fiat, and let it slowly erode in purchasing power thru time? or do we get out of fiat and save our funds in a more scarce resource that governments can't print and are thereby prevented from stealing from us thru inflation of the money supply??
I've read the Chinese are notorious savers. No one wants their savings devalued. Mainstream media may want you to believe "it's Trumps fault" but I suggest this is a half-baked, even ignorant, view of history and subsequent contemporary events. 
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:04:37
Google "Cracking the Code-The Fascinating Truth About Taxation In America" and read. Be sure to check out the sitemap and bulletin board.
@_date: 2018-07-30 13:33:58
Possession is 9/10ths of the law. Bitcoin is not a titled asset, and possession determines ownership. If you can not take possession, then you do not own these coins and probate court may be the only way to get them released to you. If you can access and possess them, then in my simple mind, they are already yours.
IIRC, In the US, estate taxes aren't levied on an estate valued at less than $1,000,000.
@_date: 2018-07-09 13:03:45
Roger was 19-20 years old.
The "fireworks" he sold contain more explosive powder than consumer grade fireworks. These are not firecrackers that may leave a small burn on your hand. These "fireworks" contain enough explosive powder to maim/kill someone who doesn't use them properly. The "fireworks" are not available to consumers and are restricted to use as pest control devices.
Google "Pest Control Report 2000" for more info on the ~~explosives~~ "fireworks" Roger sold. Here's a picture; [
I've made similarly stupid decisions as a young man. I can also appreciate the entrepreneurial  effort Roger showed at a young age.
It appears to me that Roger consistently puts others at risk to benefit himself. 
@_date: 2018-07-03 11:58:50
The US Codeis a unique legal product. Some titles (Title 31) are positive law, some (Title 26) are non-positive law; [   (this is important for all budding attorneys, including those who wish to learn on their own, to know).
Each Title of the US Code is then implemented by the implementing regulations which are known as the "Code of Federal Regulations" or CFR. 
The US Code will either be the law, or if a non-positive law Title, will be evidence of the law. Regulations further the law.
Conclusion: Learn how to find the corresponding regulations for any given section in the code. (Top link)  There is an "Authorities" tab at the link which will tell you which section of code informs any given section of regulations.  
@_date: 2018-07-11 04:01:16
I am not being sarcastic nor am I suggesting you commit fraud. I am telling you to learn how to read statutes and code. I am telling you to uphold the law. You can see example after example of the results of this knowledge here; [
Some people are simply too conditioned and fearful to even consider getting their name on that list. THey immediately reject my words (see Steve Bozell comment below). Heck, even you found my words incredible to the point you thought i was trolling you in some way.
I find Americans over 50, generally, can't wrap their minds around the info presented at the website above. They've been in the matrix for too long and their fear of the IRS is very strong.  Whereas younger Americans have completely accepted and internalized that our government is corrupted in many ways, and that the internet is revealing truths and also how prior generations were hoodwinked by our government.
Consider my message a "red pill", learn how to get your name on that list I linked to. Or take the blue pill and continue doing whatever you think you're supposed to. There's no shortage of "blue pill" advice to be found in this subreddit (see Elwar comment above).
I don't know if I can come up with a TL:dr for how 1099s are misunderstood. SO let me just begin to explain it...
Consider this; In the US Code, Title 26, §7701 Definitions) we read;
§7701(a)(26) Trade or business
The term “[trade or business]( includes the performance of the functions of a public office.
and at §7701(c) we see "includes" is also a custom defined legal term.
Legal terms, such as "trade or business" and "includes" do not have their common-word definitions. Only the limited definition given to those legal terms in the US Code.
Now consider the following example;
Law:Example:(a)(26)For the purposes of this section of law, the term "fruit" includes apples.
Law  All fruit growers must register with Fed-guv and must also do X, Y, Z.
Question: According to my example here, must watermelon growers register with fed-guv and do X,Y, and Z?
The answer is no. The scheme here is that we are invited to read the term "includes" expansively. Unless trained in legalese, a layman who grows bananas, and his accountant, would imagine that the legal term "fruit" contains all possible fruits, and also apples. This is incorrect. The only thing "included" is what is specifically listed/enumerated, the operating principle of legislative construction is  "inclusio unius est exclusio alterius", The inclusion of one is the exclusion of all others. However, ALL VARIETIES of apples are included even if not specifically listed. So if someone is growing granny smith apples, that grower must comply and register etc, even though granny smith variety apples wasn't specifically listed. This is known as "calculated indefiniteness". The list is "calculated", meaning there are boundaries. But within those boundaries the list could go on forever, someone growing granny smith varietal must register and do X,Y, Z, as must someone growing macintosh apples, or golden delicious or any other type of apple. So we do not exclude things which are otherwise within the meaning of the thing being defined. We do not excluse granny smith apply growers just because granny smiths weren't specifically listed in the definition of fruit. Now go read 26 USC §7701(c) where "includes and including" is defined. It's brutal legalese but hopefully you will comprehend it. [ It's just above "(d) Commonwealth of Puerto Rico"
Other sections of 26 USC discuss reporting requirements. Those sections say things like, "any person engaged in their trade or business, who pays out $600 or more, must report said payment on a 1099".
Our parents, running their private sector businesses, and their accountants, tried to read the US Code and they said, "aww shit, I'm a business, so i need to report every payment I make thats over $600 on a 1099". Can you see the mistake they made?? They gave the legal term its common word definition rather than its legal term custom definition. But you and I now know that "trade or business" actually means something like this, "the Senator was going about his official business" or "the trade of a post office employee is putting things in mailboxes". A person doing their trade or business is someone who is performing the funtions of their public office. I won't elaborate more on "public office", but for now let me just say that private-sector work is not"public office". Go look up public office in Bouviers (6th edition I believe is the one the Founders used)
Only the "public office" reading comports with Constitutional restrictions on taxation and also the statutes that underlie the US Code. The IRS tricked Americans, thru legalese and other ways, into misreporting private-sector payments on a form that is only for reporting payment of federal monies. The problem is compounded because you and I, doing work maybe as a plumber or something in the private sector, receive an erroneous 1099 from another private-sector actor, and we do not know how to rebut or correct this document. We have no idea what the law says so we just copy the amount from the 1099 onto our 1040 and sign our name to it.
Tragically, allegations, even erroneous ones, are accepted as true unless rebutted in a legally meaningful manner. So when I fill out a 1099 saying I paid you $10,000, I'm really saying... 'I paid you 10k and I hold a federal office/job and I am spending federal funds, and you exercised the privilege of earning money from Fed-guv.' This is not true if you work in the private sector. Unfortunately for you, and fortunately for the IRS and other parasites,  If you do not rebut my allegation it is accepted as true. Since the tax falls on federally-connected activities and the money earned from them, you now have to pay the tax, since I alleged your private-sector earnings/gains  were from fed-guv, and you didn't rebut, but in fact agreed, on your 1040. The IRS thanks you for your cooperation. Really.
What has been revealed, is that the income tax doesnt fall on "all that comes in". Recall that capitations and other direct taxes must be apportioned, per the Constitution. The income tax is not apportioned. The supreme court, in numerous decisions has stated the income tax is an excise, or a privilege tax; the income tax is an indirect tax, not a direct tax.
The 16th amendment is not particularly difficult to read, but it is legalese and you were not taught the history of it. The American people did not go bat-shit crazy and decide to suddenly give fed-guv the ability to tax us all. It's more than I care to type up at this time, and someone already did that work. So please just accept, for now, that I am telling you there's more to the story. That story has now been told. And there are parasites that do not want you to learn this history and hear this story.
I imagine much of what I wrote may not make sense at first glance. All I can say is, it would take me a few hours and another 10 pages minimum to thoroughly document what you are asking for and to explain all the relevant components. Luckily, this has already been done and I pointed you towards it. Hopefully my answer made some sense though.
I wish you the best in your endeavors to fully learn this information. As this gentleman says in his video posted 3 days ago (and theres more at the same channel), "if I can do it, you can do it" [
Edit: All 1099 types revolve around the term"trade or business". When you read the section of code dealing with "capital gains", you will notice that gains are connected with or derived from doing ones "trade or business", or involving monies or capital used while doing ones "trade or business", or most relevantly investments that are federally connected, such as bonds, interest from a national bank etc. In order for a "gain" to be taxable, the gain must be from Fed-Guv.  Any taxable "gain" must be a consequence of the profitable benefit of the exercise of a federal privilege, power or property.
Bonus edit: I shared a link to a list of names of people. CLicking their names you will see a check from the US treasury and a tax return. Unless someone earned money from fed-guv, they will show zero income on their tax return and you will see that everything withheld is returned to them. If someone earned money from Fed-guv, that amount will be listed on their return.
Take note!!! Not a single name on that list is found on this list; [  It's the uneducated who get hosed because they are easy targets. Once you learn to comprehend the legalese found in Title 26 of the US Code, return to this Justice Dept. link and read a few of these reports. It will make you sick.
Red pill or blue pill. It's your choice.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:02:54
Perhaps the following suggestion will help you troubleshoot the issue you are having.
Create a watch-only wallet with your multi-sig master public key. Click on the addresses/receive tab and look at your top 3-5 public addresses.  Compare those with the top 3-5 addresses in your multi-sig hot wallet. Are they the same?? They should be.
If your receiving addresses are the same in both the watch-only and hot wallet, then the issue may be something like your watch-only wallet isn't connecting to a node properly.  If the receiving addresses are not the same then, IMO, you made a mistake somewhere. Bear in mind that if you create a standard wallet, and also create a separate multi-sig wallet, these two wallets will not have the same master public key. If you use the MPK from a standard wallet, it will not show the addresses, and balances, of your multi-sig wallet. You must use the MPK from your multi-sig wallet to show the addresses and balances of your multi-sig wallet addresses.
If you are transferring small amounts of BTC to troubleshoot this then you are doing it correctly. Move slow in this space. It is all too easy to make a mistake with this new technology and lose everything. Move slowly.
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:12:38
The correct use for the explosive Roger sold is for pest control. Do ranchers buy pest control report 2000s off ebay?? Do juveniles use pest control report 2000s for controlling pests in their neighborhoods??
If bad actors can not control themselves and follow simple rules, then we end up with bans. Why did Roger not comply with these requirements?; [
What I see it that "Roger consistently puts others at risk to benefit himself ".  Would you want to come home to your apartment on fire because your neighbor didn't store explosives properly?? " In 2013, fireworks caused an estimated 15,600  reported fires in the U.S., including 1,400 structure fires, 200 vehicle  fires, and 14,000 outside and other fires "
Would you want to be a post office delivery man and have a package explode in your hands? How does a post office employee "use the mail correctly" to protect himself against an undeclared explosive??
Who bought Rogers "fireworks"??? Why didn't he keep records as required by law?
" According to the CPSC, more than one-third **(35\%) of  the people seen in emergency rooms for fireworks injuries from June  20-July 20, 2014 were under 15; nine percent were under five** "
Why can Roger only think of his own pocket and not his obligation to avoid harming others?
What is the difference between "controls/rules" and "bans"??
Why are guns banned to felons but only "controlled" for average citizens??
Can children buy guns? Why or why not?
Do 15 year olds, let alone 20 year olds, have enough life experience to understand why "fireworks" should not be sold to minors? Can't humans just "use stuff correctly"?
Do you have enough life experience to understand that people like Roger don't care about you, they just want to make a buck off you, consequences be damned??
CHeck out a few firework videos on liveleak. Here's a 35 year old that blew off his hand. Awesome!
ANother hand lost; [
Here we have what appears to be some young 20-somethings having some innocent fun; [  I'm sure they know how to use pest explosives safely and would only use it for the "correct" purpose.
In this video someone sets off fireworks, in a walmart store; [
In this video someone gets annoyed at some loud young partiers, and so decides to interrupt the party with fireworks; [
A pissed woman decides to fire Roman Candles at a liquor store; [ (take note of the innocent bystanders running away to avoid being harmed)
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:20:53
Can you tell me why these people pay zero income tax, yet they do not get audited; [
Yet these people try to dodge the income tax and get busted; [
What do the people on the bulletin board know that the people prosecuted do not?!?!? How is it that for 15 years running, thousands of Americans have paid ZERO income tax, with no repercussions??? What do they know?!?!??!
@_date: 2018-04-11 21:43:27
Check out my last user name. tracer289
FUck your censorship
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:05:40
You are correct that the IRS has its way with many Americans.
Mostly it is those Americans who are still ignorant of how to get their name on the list I shared. Those same Americans don't know how to assert their rights.
The IRS regularly extorts Americans, which is a crime in both the original statute passed by Congress and in the US Code;
 (see Sec. 26)
 
Many Americans are waking up to the fact that the tax on Federal Incomes, only falls on federally-derived income, not private-sector earnings. They're also starting to hold the IRS accountable.
Sadly, many Americans choose to remain victims rather than read and learn the law. These ignorant cowards not only give up a third of their yearly earnings, but enable Fed-Guv to do what it does best, kill humans and generally be a parasite.
@_date: 2018-04-13 14:05:29
I don't know what you mean. And truthfully, I don't care to.
You have contributed nothing meaningful to my post. You've only demonstrated your ignorance in your attempt to troll me.
Please stop now, or contribute something worth reading.
@_date: 2018-04-03 06:36:13
@_date: 2018-04-13 23:39:20
For those who are actually curious, and not just desiring to troll me, simply go to  and "reddit". 
@_date: 2018-04-17 04:28:33
Don't worry, be happy. and get CTC educated
@_date: 2018-07-09 12:58:18
The United States. Most Americans are still ignorant of Cracking the Code and have no idea how to rebut an erroneous 1099. For those Americans who have learned the law, the US is a wonderful jurisdiction to reside in as a bitcoin owner.
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:52:18
I linked to a list of names of Americans who earn oodles of money in the private-sector and pay ZERO income tax, for over 15 years.
Curiously, not a single name from the above list is to be found on this list; 
You must be on Reddit for the pictures???
@_date: 2018-04-13 02:06:48
THERE HAS BEEN A FLURRY OF WORRY and fuss over recent IRS efforts to secure information on bitcoin transactors. The anxiety is misplaced.
Let me say first that there is nothing inherently taxable about using or receiving bitcoin. It's just a medium of exchange like any other. There is no tax on exchanges per se, nor on profits, gains or receipts, per se.
By the same token, however, there is a tax-- measurable by the value of bitcoin received-- for doing taxable things resulting in those receipts. That is, not all things done for which bitcoin might be received are taxable, but the receipt of bitcoin is relevant to the tax when received for doing taxable things.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS that concern about IRS prying into records of bitcoin transactions is misdirected. The concern should be at the prying itself, without regard to the bitcoin element.
Unless it has been previously established that a taxable activity has been conducted, the IRS has no valid interest in any transaction. Thus, a blanket demand for information on all transactions is an offensive, possibly 4th amendment-violating intrusion.
AT THE SAME TIME, anyone and everyone engaging in bitcoin transactions and troubled by these bureaucratic intrusions MUST BECOME CtC-EDUCATED. That and that alone will protect from all the practical ill-effects of such intrusions (which routinely happen in other venues, such as conventional banking, anyway).
Only those ignorant of the hidden truths about the income tax have reason to fear information falling into the hands of the IRS. So, keep on keeping crypto. Just get educated about the tax, too.
PS. Fuck the censorship on this subreddit. The IRS DOES NOT want Americans to  The moderators here censor this message on the IRS' behalf.
@_date: 2018-12-18 01:26:57
Epic hodling! Well played!
@_date: 2018-12-26 18:09:58
Perhaps this will convince you it is impossible to hack bitcoin; 
The drawer-opening drone analogy is awesome, imo.
@_date: 2018-12-20 22:31:24
Some of my favorite resources/articles that may answer your question;
    &lt;------REALLY GOOD IMO
@_date: 2018-12-21 14:03:52
The man behind the curtain says shackles are now to be made from zinc instead of iron. So we celebrate lighter shackles??!!?!
Respectfully, rather than organize a mailing campaign, I suggest you do a little reading.
Check this out and if you don't do a backflip... 
If you ever get to the capital gains sections recall that "trade or business" means "the performance of the functions of a [federal] public office", in Title 26.
@_date: 2018-12-14 01:26:38
Cool graph.
also, psst; you describe yourself as "Applied Cryptography Consuting"
@_date: 2018-12-16 16:05:44
Whitslack,  I see your logic, but it is incorrect. It is the myriad types of unspecified apples (federal jobs) which, even though not listed, are otherwise apples and so are not to be deemed excluded. Suppose the Code writers wrote, "Fruit includes "apples"". Just because they didn't specify and include granny smith apples, doesn't mean we should exclude granny smith apples. 
Your interpretation ignores both the statutory construction principle of Inclusio unius est exclusio alterius and also the class distinguished in the law, "apples", and also utilizes the term "includes" expansively rather than in a limiting fashion.
The Supreme Court has told us;
 “...a word is known by the company it keeps (the doctrine of noscitur a sociis).  **This rule we rely upon to avoid ascribing to one word a meaning so broad that it is inconsistent with its accompanying words, thus giving “unintended breadth to the Acts of Congress.”** Gustafson v. Alloyd Co., (93-404), 513 US 561 (1995)
“**[T]he verb “includes” imports  a general class**, some of whose particular instances are those specified in the definition.” Helvering v Morgan’s, Inc, 293 U.S. 121, 126 fn. 1 (1934)
“The [State Supreme] Court also considered that the word ‘including’ was used as a word of enlargement, the learned Court being of the opinion that such was its ordinary sense. **With this we cannot concur.**” Montello Salt Company v Utah, 221 U.S. 452, 466 (1911).
“[It] is argued that the word ‘including’ means ‘moreover’, or ‘as well as’; but if this was the meaning of the legislature, it was a very embarrassing mode of expressing the idea.” United States v The Schooner Betsey and Charlotte, U.S. 443, 446 (1908).
“The word ‘including’ can indeed indicate that what follows will be an ‘illustrative’ sampling of the general category  that precedes the word,”  Massachusetts v E.P.A. 549 U.S. 497, (2007)
Keep in mind that the US Code is a re-wording (re-statement) of what Congress wrote. Here's what Congress wrote (read section 86)       It is the job of the Code Writers to find another way to write what Congress wrote WITHOUT CHANGING THE MEANING OF WHAT CONGRESS WROTE!
Whatever the US Code says, it doesn't change the meaning of what Congress wrote nor does the US Code abrogate the legislation it's re-stating, ALTHOUGH IT CAN BE USED AGAINST THE UNINITIATED BY DECEITFUL ENTITIES IN THIS WAY.
The only way to square everything here, is to understand that "includes" is a limiting term, not an expansive one.
If it were meant to be read expansively, the Code writers would've written it like they do elsewhere;
61 Gross income defined 
(a)General definition
Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, gross income means all income from whatever source derived, **including (but not limited to)** the following items:  
509 Private Foundation defined 
(d) Definition of support 
For purposes of this part &amp; chapter 42, the term “support” **includes (but is not limited to)**
Had the Code writers wrote, "Fruit includes, but is not limited to, apples, oranges, and pears" then your interpretation would be correct.
Said another way, if "fruit" means "all fruit according to the common dictionary definition" then the Code writers wouldn't have given the term a definition at all. Indeed, only very few words have custom definitions in the code... only the words that need it because the CODE meaning ISNT the usual meaning. So fruit cant mean what you wrote; all fruit. That's not how laws are codified and thats also not how CODE is written. 
We don't give legal terms used in the CODE their common-english dictionary definition that everyone knows. We give legal terms used in the CODE something other than their common-english dictionary definition, which very few know.
This is exemplary of how the CODE writers have hoodwinked the American people. 
Here's, perhaps, the most interesting aspect of this all. People who interpret it as I do get everything that's been withheld from their private-sector pay returned to them at the end of the year!! The IRS does this willingly, although sometimes it balks and attempts to resist an educated filing!!! Regardless, we're talking tens of millions of dollars returned with the IRS' approval, if not hundreds of millions, over the last 15 years. There's thousands of examples of it!
@_date: 2018-12-22 07:58:08
most bestest! imbecile
@_date: 2018-12-22 07:43:13


isn't wrong though, yet
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:14:35
Check OPs comment history...    Is it a coincidence he's also confusing Bitcoin and Btrash??
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:42:47
It's a question we all wish we knew the answer to, I imagine.
Perhaps I am being over simplistic but I suppose it comes down to the question of :Will there be a grid-down scenario where-in the Bitcoin network really isn't able to function? Perhaps for an extended period of time?
I can only speak for myself; I hope, and believe, perhaps naively, that this type of scenario won't come to pass. It's not like I can determine that though... 
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:21:50
@_date: 2018-12-26 18:45:32
Clif High needs to be brought in on this. I personally know a few old farts who bought BTC, LTC, and ETC (yes, ETC). based on his prognostication/prediction/prophecy alone. None of these old farts have ever transacted, they store their Clif-High-recommended coins at coinbase.
@_date: 2018-12-17 06:32:44
The most important aspect of BAKKT is explained in this article;            LedgerX is not discussed in the article, these projects are mentioned though; Coinbase OTC service, Poloniex institutional trading, and Fidelity Crypto.
Apparently BAKKT futures will be settled in bitcoin and this has consequences. Bitmex futures are not settled in bitcoin, according to that article.
@_date: 2018-12-21 21:00:38
This information will be valuable to many Americans. After-all, there ARE many Americans who incurred a liability for the income tax in 2018 because they in some way, shape, or form profited from their relationship with fed-guv.
Tragically, regarding the income tax, misinformation abounds and the language used in the title of this post and also in the article perpetuate rather than dispel the misinformation. It would be very nice if articles such as these were informed by and used US CODE terminology in a way that makes the lawful nature of the tax clear to laymen. The author himself probably doesn't realize many of the words he is using are custom-defined terms in Title 26 of the US CODE.
Americans, en mass, need to learn that "gains", "wages", "employee", "employer", and "trade or business" are custom-defined legal terms, in the US CODE. To be clear, they are defined to refer to United States fed-guv entities and federally-connected incomes, not private-sector entities/income. It can only be this way as (learn this stuff!) per the Constitution, direct taxes must be apportioned. The income tax is not apportioned, is not a capitation or direct tax, and CAN NOT fall on "all that comes in". Not because I say so, because the Supreme Court says so. Americans who refuse to learn will remain shackled, to the detriment of the whole country.
Legislation is currently being put forward that is proposing to reduce the tax rate on any federally-connected bitcoin gains, however the linch-pin, "federally-connected", is not expressed outright rather it is hidden behind CODE language. Private-sector actors unaware of the true import of the CODE are misled to believe they are now allowed to wear Zinc shackles, rather than Iron shackles. They are still shackled regardless until they learn to Crack the Code. They celebrate their lighter shackles, while those who profit off fed-guv, by way of bitcoin, get a lower tax rate written into law....  /FACEPALM        NO MORE! We have computer, internet, and brains.
Legislation is re-worded and re-organized by topic into the US CODE; This doesn't change, refute, alter, amplify, repeal or do anything to the underlying legislation though; it's merely a re-wording/organization by topic. By doing this to the rules we're all supposed to follow though, a nefarious scheme came to be, the result of which resembles European society prior to the Gutenberg Press. Society was oppressed by a priesthood that controlled the message of a book of rules. Today, a legal priesthood (not every attorney is a member) is making rules about bitcoin, ENCODING those rules into a book, and few in society have the knowledge of the CODE to understand those rules. Society is oppressed.
The Constitution restricts taxation depending on whether the tax is direct or indirect. Indirect taxes (duties, imposts, EXCISES) can be avoided by not performing the specified activity or event. Want to avoid the federal tax on tobacco? Don't buy smokes or you can grow your own and smoke it. Want to avoid the federal tax on alcohol? You can make 200 gallons of wine a year for your 2 adult household, tax free. Want to avoid the income tax? Dont earn money from fed-guv, only earn money in the private sector... and learn how to read the CODE so you can rebut documents that are only for reporting the payment of federal monies, but are ignorantly mis-used to mis-report what were actually your private-sector gains, profits, and income.   "Income", in the law, means "income from the federal government", not "everything that comes in"; because a tax on "everything that comes in" would be a capitation or direct tax, which must be apportioned. The income tax (Sec. 86;  is not an apportioned tax. This is an apportioned tax (sec.8 at the bottom); 
It is the profitable exercise of federally connected privilege that is taxed, even when bitcoin is involved; not bitcoins per se. AFAIK, the US government is not the one paying out gains on bitcoin like they do dividends on bonds, nor are federal employees being paid in bitcoin. "From whatever source derived", whether rents, dividends, wages, contracts, etc Congress can tax federal income, even when paid in bitcoin. Congress can't, and the law doesnt in fact touch private-sector gains, profits, and income.
A 1099 is a document for reporting payments of federal monies by an entity who is "performing the functions of a public [federal] office". If I receive a 1099 related to my bitcoin activities, that shows I had "gains" (read federally-connected gains), it will be up to me to rebut that erroneous document by submitting a document I know to be correct to the IRS. The law says I'm allowed to do this. The law also says that it's up to me to honestly declare how much federal income I had in any given tax year. As none of my bitcoin appreciation was the result of a federally-connected activity nor from the exercising of a federally-connected privilege, my rebuttal 1099 will show the amount of "gains" to be ZERO since only federally-connected gains is what I'm, by law, required to account for on my 1040. I know "gains" means "federally-connected gains". I will attach my correct 1099 to my return, not the erroneous one. Why would I attach to my 1040 a document I know to be incorrect and then swear, under penalty of perjury, that I know it to be correct,?? If I were to attach the incorrect document, as well as the correct one I would be submitting contradictory information and my return would be properly regarded as "frivolous", imo.
If my return is "false, fraudulent, or frivolous" then I'm in trouble and the IRS MUST make a return for me. Curiously, not a single name from this list;  will be found on this list;  The IRS hasn't made a single return for anyone on the first list. To the contrary, the IRS accepts those folks' filing, inspects it, processes it, and refunds monies based on what the filer put on their 1040 (an honest accounting of all federal income and the tax due there-on). Sometimes the IRS balks when presented with an educated filing, but the law provides solutions for that too.
The IRS is more than happy to accept your "voluntary" donation if you wish to misreport your private-sector gains, profits, and income as federally-connected. All numbers on w-2s, 1099s, and 1040s are properly regarded by the IRS as federally-connected, and therefore taxable, unless you notify them otherwise, in the proper manner allowed for in law.
Dont worry. Be Happy. And check my comment history if you'd like to learn more about the income tax.
@_date: 2018-12-16 20:55:44
"Because every one of those posters that claims to have done it is lying."
Do you have any proof of that assertion? I would think we could actually find many of those people and ask them to show us the same tax returns and US Treasury checks that are shown on the website bearing their names.
I mean... that list is thousands of names long. You're saying they're all liars????
I'm also confused as to what you mean by bullshit games. Did you look at the tax returns and the accompanying checks??
How am I looking at **thousands** of tax returns and US Treasury checks and IRS letters showing that people who earn money in the private sector, and not from fed-guv are paying ZERO income tax?
The people who shared those are "lying"?!?!?!  Come on man....    What makes you say that???
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:03:20
I see this all the time. It's not illegal for a business to post prices then offer a discount for paying in cash.
It is illegal in 13 states under "Consumer Protection" laws, iirc, to tack on credit cards fees though. 
At the end of the transaction it's the same, but in 13 states businesses must post the CC price and then offer a cash discount vs listing a cash price and then tacking on CC fees.
The CC companies don't like it when businesses point out to their customers that they (the customer) will have to pay the CC fee rather than the business eating it.
@_date: 2018-12-16 19:12:57
"Speak wisdom to a fool, and he will call you a fool".
Ad hominems do not contravene anything I wrote. Take your ignorant trollery elsewhere. Adults are writing here.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:20:18
@_date: 2018-12-22 18:46:57
I would be careful taking guidance from the IRS...
Let Attorney Bill Butler explain how "frivolous" fits into the law and is used by the IRS; 
"In February of 2009 the IRS published “The Truth About Frivolous Tax Arguments.”  You can find it here.  Not surprisingly, this document is a lesson in obfuscation and deception."
Curious readers can find much much more, including a full discussion/walk-thru of all the "frivolous" relevant law on the site I share. Thankfully the legal priesthood doesn't control the CODE anymore and we don't need to sheepishly exalt irs "guidance". We can read the law for ourselves;
CODE section 6702 follows this mathematical formula;  (a or b) **AND** (c or d).    For a return to be frivolous, it must violate either a or b, **and also** either c or d. Why didn't the IRS tell us that?!? Aren't they telling us the "truth" about something?!?
Here's the simple take-away; don't write any of these positions on your 1040,  Simple as that.
A 1040 is for reporting federal income and the tax due there-on. It's not a form for making arguments, or writing positions, or delaying the process. It's supposed to contain numbers and show your math. Not complicated stuff, although the IRS likes to play up the "frivolous" issue to scare away the uninitiated.  I admit, the CODE writers were brilliant in their craft, but their dog don't hunt any longer... the CODE has been Cracked.
@_date: 2018-12-18 01:16:04
It's pretty clear to me that Congress was describing people working for and earning money from the Federal Government, the "United States".
If we're not sure though, we should turn to the Supreme Court to see what they say.
Does the Supreme Court say the income tax is a Constitutional Indirect Excise; meaning it falls on the privilege of earnings money from fed-guv?
Or did the Supreme Court decide it was a Direct Tax, like Section 8 of this law; 
It has to be one or the other... anything else is unconstitutional. So what did the Court decide??
And what have the American people been lead to believe? What is the real history?? Can someone actually give us the names of the people involved and explain all of this.  Can someone un-muddy the waters?!?!
@_date: 2018-12-19 21:23:45
is not wholly wrong; he and google are your friend.
Do a search for "how to lose bitcoin" or "bitcoin theft windows" or "most secure bitcoin wallet".
Training wheels are coming off soon kid. I hope you don't wreck!!
**edit**  It is possible for you to secure your windows machine sufficiently. Many people can not and there IS bitcoin seeking malware.
There is no one to run to if your coins are stolen or lost.  You will only have yourself to blame.  THis forum is full of stories of loss and theft.
@_date: 2018-12-19 18:41:29
You can set up Electrum to be a watch-only wallet. This is powerful and you should learn it, OP. It is the exact solution to your concern.
With a watch-only wallet you can monitor your balances on your public addresses, generate new addresses, and receive payments. The keys however are not present so the coins can NOT be spent.
@_date: 2018-12-19 23:31:17
That is correct, although you didn't mention the air-gapped offline computer. Where is "offline electrum" in step 2? Is it on his laptop that he fears might be stolen from his dorm room??
Do you agree a watch-only wallet could prevent OPs coins from being stolen if his laptop, with the watch-only wallet, were stolen from his dorm room?? Do you agree the thief could not steal the coins from OPs watch-only wallet on his laptop?
@_date: 2018-12-19 18:03:13
FWIW; these are three of my favorite bitcoin... things. The first two are quite old, in bitcoin years. The third is very recent.
I think you will have to deal with KYC/AML on most regulated exchanges.
Review my comment history and you will see that I do not believe I need anonymity from fed-guv, although I certainly want it from everyone else. I don't have any good advice for someone regarding anonymity from fed-guv except, Learn the Law for yourself and don't let anyone, especially your public servants, push you around or hoodwink you.
@_date: 2018-12-19 14:54:55
No F-ing way!?!?!  Is that a real photo???
lol, Awesome, if so.
@_date: 2018-12-21 14:31:18
   
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:02:17
We can earn income from Fed-guv in many many ways. it is not restricted to working as a federal employee and profits on public land transactions, or using federal public lands for private gains.
There are many other ways to earn federal income. We could get interest from federal bonds. Or sell military equipment to fed-guv, or sheets for the beds in on-base housing for the soldiers.
You could be a teacher for fed-guv. You could be a firefighter for fed-guv.   I wouldn't be surprised if there's someone working as a barber for the federal government.
There are many many many ways to earn federal income. It's all taxable unless specifically exempt in law, such as we see with the pay our soldiers receive when they're in a war-zone.
Have a good day too!
The US Supreme Court Pollack decision is what induced the American people to get the 16th Amendment passed. Pollack successfully argued that he shouldn't have to pay tax on his federal incomes, because the income was rent on his land (for the railroads; he was a Robber Baron) and also his bonds were personal property so to tax the dividends would be to directly tax his personal property; and that would be unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court agreed with Pollack. They said, when it come to federal incomes, rents and dividends can't be taxed because, as Pollack suggested, the tax operates in a direct, yet unapportioned manner, which would be unconstitutional. The decision stood as the law in the US for 18 years, and the Robber Barons didn't pay any tax on their huge federal incomes from rents and dividends (again; federal railroad stuff).
So the America people wrote the 16th amendment. From whatever source your federal income, congress can lawfully tax it.
The robber barons could no longer resort to the "source argument" to evade paying taxes on their federal incomes.
It was happy days in America for a while until the 1954 CODE was written.
@_date: 2018-12-14 01:02:34
PS. Ouija says $14,500 by years end!!
@_date: 2018-12-18 23:04:33
Would someone be a hypocritical narcissist if they were to beg for Bitcoins on a public forum where-in the side-bar rules of that forum clearly state; "Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins."??
Said another way...  Is begging to be understood as "trying really hard"??
I believe you can get yourself out of the situation. Spend your time more wisely and also productively by serving customers.
Read this Christmas letter; 
@_date: 2018-12-22 00:59:29
I don't have an angle other than, among other things, I'm a veteran, educated, worked all over, I see the writing on the wall, and it's my firm belief that the singular reason for the shitstorm America is in... is that Americans were hoodwinked by legalese in Title 26 of the US CODE, pre-internet, whereby they forgot the ONLY thing mentioned twice in the Constitution; DIRECT TAXES SHALL BE APPORTIONED. Government, being what it is, preyed on the hoodwinked Americans, pre-computer and pre-internet.
I showed you the door, you must go thru it. I showed you the path others have walked, you must walk it.
You must sign the 1040 and take responsibility for your accounting of all federal income; I can not sign for you, even if I were your attorney.
You have to stand, vigilant, with me. I can not carry you.
But you can lean on me. I've already gone out of the way to bring this knowledge to you. What can I do for you now to help you learn this information? What section of CODE do you want to discuss or do you need clarified?? Do you want to discuss the Springer, Pollack or Brushaber decision? What was captured in the Congressional Globe? How do we deal with wayward public servants?
Walk thru the door and just read. Once you've read enough you will know what you need to do. Once you know what to do, you will know how to act. You will then act.
I can tell you this; 
you don't need to fear the man behind the curtain, it's just your public servant processing the docs you send to them; sometimes they're purposefully bumbling and incompetent, but it's a paper-work game. You need to get the record to reflect what you know to be true, based on what you know the law says. If you know what the law says, then you know to honestly declare all federal income you enjoyed and also how to rebut any erroneous w-2s and 1099s.
You won't find a single name from this list;  on this list; 
It is your reading aptitude that will determine your success; the law is just words. I gave you the links; reddit.
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:25:36
FOR SALE:
Right kidney : 3 btc.
Left lung: 4 btc.
3 children (sells as a lot): 6 btc.
sexual favors also available: .2tbtc per!!!
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:08:09
These thousands of Americans have provided documentation that shows that they pay zero income tax on their sustantial private sector earnings, and only pay the tax on any federal earnings they have; 
Those people show that the IRS inspects their tax filing, and then returns everything withheld from their pay throughout the year. These Americans pay ZERO income tax, if they have no federal earnings.
How is it that not a single name on that list hasn't been prosecuted?? Why isn't a single name from the above list on the following list??? 
Why hasn't a single person from the bulletin board board list gone to jail?? Why does the IRS give them all their money back along with a nice polite closing letter?!??!?!
@_date: 2018-12-22 02:47:59
Electrum.org, or the app on the play store.
Learn how to use this powerful function; 
Watch this; 
Then read these;
Then visit this page; 
And watch these; 
Move slowly with small amounts at first until you are comfortable; your aptitude for reading will determine your success in this space, imo.
@_date: 2018-12-21 23:57:37
Many villages in New York State have contracts with NYSEG to receive electricity well below market cost; it's subsidized almost to the degree we see in Venezuela.
Residents of the village of Penn Yan, NY, for example, pay less then 4 cents/kwh, after taxes, iirc.
 The actual rate is 1.6 cents/kwh iirc; There should be a miner in every home, especially this time of year.
@_date: 2018-12-17 05:23:13
I concede nothing.
Your rhetoric and IRS apologetics is good! Most people have never heard of the guy but you are able to respond within minutes as if you're familiar with his book.  Or have you not read it???
You haven't disproved anything Pete presents about the law. You've only suggested that fed-guv, with unlimited resources, was able to generate some type of conviction against a single man armed with just a computer, and thus he should be dismissed. **YAWN...**   You've done an excellent job parroting IRS apologists. But did you read Petes book?? We can go thru it together! We can discuss the Pollack decision, or the CODE definition of "trade or business". We can learn all kinds of fun things about the US Code! I particularly love to teach how each section of code is derived from a statute written by congress. For the internal revenue code, Title 26, this info is in table 3 of Title 26. It's a highly instructive exercise that I want to help all Americans go thru; learning that Title 26 is just a twisted re-statement of what Congress actually wrote, and that whatever twisted legalese the CODE writers conjured into the US Code, it doesn't abrogate what Congress wrote. Maybe not this very minute... but maybe tomorrow, and the next day, and the next...
 What can I say??? Pete is a guru. I agree. Have you read his book??!!? Have you seen what his accomplishments have gotten for tens of thousands of Americans?    The guy deserves a friggen statute. He deserves ten!!! And for what he and his wife have been put through to benefit all other Americans.... he's right up there with Ron Paul and Julian Assange and other lone voices who are shouted down rather than elevated. I mean.... have you read what Attorneys are writing about his book??  Real attorneys who actually read it...
And you're convinced, it's been proven to you that all the documented, ongoing refunds are simply "inefficiencies"?
Come on man.. these aren't "inefficiencies"; 
     &lt;---------- just "inefficiencies"???.....   all tens of thousands of them??..... for 15 years running??.....  right.....
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:37:58
There has been multiple Constitutional direct taxes levied; here's one for example (Read section 8 at the bottom of the page and onto the next page); 
You're very close to understanding, it appears.
What you wrote about states is not correct though. To understand how the States finally got brought into federal income taxation research the Public Salary Tax Act of 1939. I obviously suggest you will get the best info about it from Petes website.   
There is another facet of "states" though, and that is the myriad custom definitions given to that term in the CODE.  It doesn't have the common english definition you think it does. For this reasons it is excellent practice to compare what Congress actually wrote and is the law, against the CODE writers legalese which is only "evidence of what the law says" and is highly misleading legalese.
Probably due to the fact that the IRS has succeeded with their CODE legalese since the 1950s, pre-internet times, they don't just "give up" when presented with an educated filing. Here's the worst case scenarios the community has put forth, showing that the IRS doesn't always play nice when presented with an educated filing; 
Pete and his Wife received a different sort of treatment altogether; 
After looking at the Constitutioanl Direct Tax above, re-read Section 86 here ( which is the income tax (A Constitutional Indirect, Uniform, Excise tax). 
It's simply incredible how obfuscating the CODE is. The Americans have been hoodwinked by the CODE writers legalese!! 
@_date: 2018-12-20 21:43:46
And this post wraps up our demonstration of how sadistic psychopaths enjoy Shadenfreude...
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:27:37
I'm willing to have an intelligent discussion if you are. It appears to me you are not though.
Why troll me, friend??
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:59:10
;p   Luke may be squirrelly enough to pull that off though.
I'm gonna give him a lil more time. He's got promise, I think...
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:02:19
I think this article may be relevant here and may also address OPs point;  
I don't know that the analysis is correct... but it may be??
@_date: 2018-12-17 07:39:40
So you can't actually refute anything Pete writes, you haven't even read the book, and you are willing to dismiss it simply because fed-guv prosecuted him? That's like.... super critical thinking skillz! You don't even need to read a book before you know what to think about it. Amazing! Fed-guv prosecution=book is non-sense..... gotcha....
And you went out of your way to share your knowledge of IRS guides for IRS employees and also to call me crazy because....
Your just a hero for the American people and you want to let them know to "pay their fair share"???? TO definitely not read Petes book for themselves???  Yet...
You have not refuted Petes explanation of the law, nor has your prejudice rendered it invalid. You haven't actually said anything intelligent about the law at all. You've only pointed out, repeatedly, what someone else wants you know...  that fed-guv prosecuted him (**BE SCARED** OOOOOoooohhhhhh. Pete got prosecuted. The other 300 million of us better be afraid). Pete exposed some inconvenient truths about the US Code and other aspects of law. He was enabled by the computer and internet. What he wrote about would end the gravy train for DC. How convenient that the IRS has millions to spend to eventually make something stick; 
Your "belief" or assertion that the IRS is just too slow to "catch" all of the people who have read Petes book is just plain silly. Do you know how many people work for the IRS? Do you know what they do all year?!?!?!  Do you know how many more were hired in the last 15 years since Pete wrote his book??
Keep an eye on this list;      It's a hot topic and it's also getting longer every year.
In the meantime, while you're no doubt writing a book of your own  XD    ponder this;
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it."
Pay away your 30%. I keep mine. 
You're dismissed now.
@_date: 2018-12-21 14:29:33
I know people that have received an email acknowledging receipt of the offline claim. They did not get their coin yet though.
@_date: 2018-12-21 14:38:34
I don't have an answer to that.
Legal documents should always be sent certified mail for two reasons; first, you can track the mail, and even get a return receipt. Second, without any proof (certified mail receipt) that it was mailed, it may just end up in the garbage bin and you'll get a denial that it was ever received.
@_date: 2018-12-17 03:49:39
Yes, what? Someone on that list was actually prosecuted?? So what if Pete was?? That's like hating on wikileaks just because the US gov hates Jualian Assange... Anyone else on that list of thousands of names been prosecuted???
You're speaking for ? What was there a shift-change??
Are you saying the guy who taught these thousands of Americans was thrown in jail by the US government, but the US Government still issues checks to the Americans (thousands of them, year after year) who read his book?? Nothing to see there huh???
Didn't the US government attempt to have his book censored?? And they lost that court case because they couldn't actually find anything wrong in his book??
And what is all that "reversed in part"  and "remanded" stuff about???
Is there somewhere we can go look for even more details of this story??
I mean, surely there's more to it than the short copy pasta you provided from tpgurus..... trololo. Surely at least one name from that list has been prosecuted... right??? After 15 years and millions in refunds, not a single person other than the author himself has been prosecuted??
"Find the truth or bury your head... they both require digging"
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:33:14
You got anything at all besides ad hominems? You are literally making things up, apparently solely to... insult me?? slander me with made-up assertions; why???
Come on.... What Act of Congress does 26 USC 7214 derive from?  Heck let's make it relevant to OP!  What Act of Congress does 26 USC 3401 derive from?? 
Where can an American go to read the legislation written by Congress, which was then re-worded and stuck into the US CODE in Title 26 Section 3401??
Here's another exercise for you. GO back to the original post and sort the comments to "old" rather than "best" and see where you fit into the conversation. You're just a straight up asshole, friend.
@_date: 2018-12-21 03:37:00
lol.   go play video games.
@_date: 2018-12-17 16:12:23
It appears you didn't read past section 1.
Ratification has nothing to do with legislation...
I've seen Freedom to Fascism; No one seems to be able to find "the law".... These people found it;  and it wasn't from watching Freedom to Fascism.
@_date: 2018-12-17 04:08:50
Do you still dispute the US government attempted to censor his book and they failed to prove in court that anything in the book was incorrect??
If you believe the IRS is simply allowing these filers to "fall thru the cracks" then I suggest you review these documented examples where the IRS is oviously participating, but is shut down, and capitulates in the end; 
You'll see dozens of examples of educated Americans shutting down the IRS after exceptionally vigorous attempts on the part of the IRS to create a liability.
Lol, most are from the "early days". At this point the IRS is much more well behaved. After all, they realize more and more Americans are learning this information everyday.
**edit**  HEY, Are you part of this campaign; 
@_date: 2018-12-21 02:18:32
If you got your halo dolls out of there you'd have more room   XD
@_date: 2018-12-16 20:03:43
I see your reading comprehension is lacking. I wrote, "your ad hominem doesn't contravene what I wrote".  It was an invitation to up the intelligence level of your writing, to address any point I made rather than just insult me to... whatever you're attempting to do here.   /facepalm
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:33:03
You can buy $20 worth of Bitcoin.
You can buy $20 worth of Ether.
You can buy $20 worth of the shit-coin of your choice; Qtum, Waves, BDiamond, BCash, BGold, BPrivate, dogecoin, Zilliqua, Decred, Stratis, Nano, Siacoin...
Why buy a shitcoin??  And why are you asking about a shitcoin on the bitcoin reddit?? is the home of BCash.
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:36:45
I explained legislation and CODE in detail, with links to Cornell lawschool website, the Office of Legal Revision Counsel, and the Library of Congress to see the legislation passed by COngress.
Then you came along and piggy backed empty insults and also assertions onto someone elses empty insult. Very little of what you write is factual and you are leaping to wild conclusions.
And since you brought it up, yes... Petes book is for sale. Heck he's got three books and they're all good. It is my opinion that every American should pick up a copy of each of his books and read them multiple times! I hope Pete sells millions of copies because millions of Americans needs to see what's in that book!!!
They're worth every cent he's asking for them... $28 I think.  That's three drinks at a bar...
Still, you haven't actually refuted anything... Your just attacking me and shilling for the IRS. You just utilize logical fallacies to attack me, but don't actually say anything of substance. You can't even speak to the law. You just "know" that Petes analysis is wrong because the IRS told you so. That's so sad...
I didn't bring up Pete's book. I brought up the US CODE and the definitions of "Wages" found at 3401 and 3121. I wrote a technical and correct response to the OP. You probably didn't read it because you were to busy attacking me because the IRS told you too. You read the top two comments, only, didn't bother reading anything else on the page, and just had to say something... "A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say, a fool opens his mouth because he has to say something"
Get lost, IRS-shill. You may enjoy your shackles...    other people are grateful to be seeing this information. Most Americans don't like being hoodwinked and stolen from thru underhanded legalese.
Go robo-sign some documents or harass Jualian Assange or something. You've proven you know nothing about tax law but are willing to parrot IRS talking points. GO find somewhere else to be useless.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:39:03
The last kidney I sold went for 5 btc! I can't accept less than 2 btc. 
0.5 btc... pfffttt    that won't even cover my dialysis expenses.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:49:51
The custom-defined legal terms "wages", "employee", and "employer" mean "federal pay", "federal employees", and "a federal entity or someone performing the functions of their public office", in Title 26 of the U.S. Code. Those terms DO NOT have their common-English dictionary definitions when used in title 26!! The IRS is not obligated to point this fact out to you when they use the terms "employer", "employee", and "wages". Our legal system presumes you have full knowledge of the law! YOU ARE PRESUMED TO KNOW THIS INFORMATION AND THE DEFINITIONS OF ALL LEGAL TERMS USED IN THE CODE!!   
W-2s are for reporting federal pay from a federal employer to a federal employee.
Private-sector companies are not obligated by law to report private-sector pay to private-sector workers on a w-2.
You can see the proof of this here; 
I don't care whether my federal employees are paid in federal reserve notes, bitcoins, tobacco leaves, sea-shells, gold, or wow-gold. 
Whatever form of money my federal employees are paid in they are liable for the income tax since they exercise the privilege of earning money from fed-guv. 
Just because a federal employee gets paid in pizzas, or dogecoin, or silver jewelry doesn't absolve them of their liability for the income tax.
It is a gross misunderstanding that is greatly harming our country and economy, to think that private-sector pay is supposed to be reported on a w-2.  Since most Americans don't know how to rebut an incorrect w-2 that misreports private-sector pay as federal pay, they become liable for the income tax because someone ignorant of the law reported their private-sector pay on a form thats only for reporting federal pay. The allegation of federal monies paid/received is accepted as true and enforced by the IRS, unless the allegation is rebutted. 
The income tax falls on earning money from fed-guv. If someone misreports on a w-2 that you are their "[federal] employee" and says they paid you "[federal] wages" then that is accepted as true unless rebutted and taxes are due on that money. The people on the list above know how to declare, in a legally meaningful manner, that the w-2 they received is incorrect, and then report the amount of federal pay they actually received, which is usually $0.00. Unlike most Americans, all they are doing is simply and properly distinguishing between which of the monies they earn are from private-sector sources and which are from fed-guv. They know the tax is owed on fed-guv sourced monies and pay the tax on those monies. They do not mis-declare private-sector income as federal income, and do not pay the income tax on their private sector income. The IRS agrees with them.
All bitcoiners should learn how to get on that list I linked to above. There's really no excuse for ignorance in the internet age.
Who wants to give away 30% of their property due to ignorance??!?
**edit** Here's what the Code says needs to be on a w-2; 
a written statement showing the following:
(1) the name of such person [who paid out money to the employee],
(2) the name of the employee (and an identifying number for the employee if wages as defined in section 3121(a) have been paid),
(3) the total amount of **wages as defined in section 3401(a)**,
(4) the total amount deducted and withheld as tax under section 3402,
(5) the total amount of **wages as defined in section 3121(a)**,
(6) the total amount deducted and withheld as tax under section 3101,
What are the definitions of wages found in section 3401(a) and 3121(a)?? Why give those words custom definitions anyway??? Don't they already have definitions???? Just what IS the definition then, if the CODE writers decided that "wages" and "employee" doesn't have its every-day common dictionary meaning when used in Title 26 of the US CODE?? The quick answer is, federal pay to federal employees.
To truly understand THE CODE at §3401 and §3121 one needs to understand the custom definition of "includes" (yes, the CODE writers even gave the word "includes" a custom definition to confuse things). One also needs to understand the principle of statutory construction known as "Inclusio unius est exclusio alterius"; The inclusion of one is the exclusion of another; The certain designation of one person is an absolute exclusion of all others. It would also help to understand the judicial doctrine of "calculated indefiniteness".
Check out this example;
Congressional Statute: Apple, Orange, and Pear growers must register themselves and spray insecticide to battle the harmful POA beetle that's decimating crops nationwide.
Re-statement by CODE writers 100 years later (the 1873 and 1939 versions of the CODE weren't written in a misleading manner and are clear, it's only the modern versions of the CODE, 1954 and 1986, that are written in such misleading ways);
§1 For the purposes of this Chapter, the term "fruit" INCLUDES apples, oranges, and pears.
§2 All fruit growers must register with fed-guv and apply the dictated pesticides to their fields.
Are watermelons growers required to register and then spray their fields? NO! They are not "included" in the definition of fruit, only apple, orange, and pear growers are "fruit growers" in the law. Watermelon growers, as well as all other growers of fruit that aren't apples, oranges, and pears are not "included" in the definition. It would be improper to read this as, "fruit means every type of fruit I can imagine, and also apples, oranges, and pears are included as well". That is an incorrect reading; if "fruit" means "all fruit" then apples and such are already included; the CODE would be redundant.
This is calculated indefiniteness; The class of persons required to act is "apple growers, orange growers, and pear growers", anyone who fits in that class is included even if not specifically named. If someone grows fuji apples or navel oranges, then they must register and spray. The Code writers didn't want to list every possible type of apple (or federal job) to make the law stick to those things. In this way the law is restricted in who it applies to; its calculated. But the list is also "indefinite". The list of types of apples, and thus apple growers, goes on forever. "Apple, orange, and pear growers are "fruit growers". Even though not specifically listed, Macintosh growers are included, so are mandarin orange growers. Whether you grow Anjou, Concorde, or Seckel pears, you are included even though not specifically listed. Now look at the custom definition of "includes" the Code writers wrote and see if my explanation of it makes sense; 
"(c) Includes and including:
The terms “includes” and “including” when used in a definition contained in this title shall not be deemed to exclude other things otherwise within the meaning of the term defined."
WTF did they just say?!??!  They said; when we define a term in this Internal Revenue Code portion of the law, if we use the term "includes" in the definition, don't exclude an other thing, such as a macintosh apple grower, just because they weren't specifically listed. Since macintosh is otherwise within the definition of apple, it is included, and not to be deemed excluded, even though not specifically listed. It is otherwise within the meaning of the term apple, and hence, also fruit.
In other words; even though every type of federal job isn't listed, they are included in the class which we are demonstrating the limits of by our words and how we write about it. So what is "included" and what are 3401 and 3121 "wages" required to be reported on a w-2??
(a) **Wages**:  For purposes of this chapter, the term “wages” **means** all remuneration for services performed by an **employee** for his **employer**,
(c) **Employee**:   For purposes of this chapter, the term “employee” **INCLUDES an officer, employee, or elected official of the United States, a State, or any political subdivision thereof, or the District of Columbia, or any agency or instrumentality of any one or more of the foregoing.**
(d) **Employer**:   For purposes of this chapter, the term “employer” **means** the person for whom an individual performs or performed any service, of whatever nature, as the **employee** of such person
Finally; as to withholding, §3402 (  says;
"(a) Requirement of withholding
(1) In general Except as otherwise provided in this section, every **employer** making payment of **wages** shall deduct and withhold upon such wages a tax... prescribed by the Secretary
If we understand the custom-defined legal terms used in the CODE and by the IRS, we can see that what they wrote is highly misleading but also technically in harmony with the Constitution and Statutes passed by Congress; the income tax is after all a Constitutional, uniform, indirect excise tax and liability arises by exercising the privilege of earning money from fed-guv. The law says so, the Supreme Court says so, and whether the American people do or not, the IRS knows so.
The only way to harmonize what the IRS wrote with the Constitution is to identify and understand the terms and their definitions which the IRS uses and are defined in the CODE, which is fundamentally defined by what Congress actually wrote, not "what everyone knows".
 The form of money paid to federal employees doesn't absolve them of liability for the tax. If they're paid in btc then it is to be reported on a w-2 just as payment in dollars or chicken bones would be. There is nothing wrong here except a severe misunderstanding by the American people of what the US Code is and says, and hence what the law is, and the fact that the IRS systematically misleads the American people into ignorance and liability for the tax thru legalese since the 1950's.
@_date: 2018-12-17 06:48:04
XD  Those tweets are great! Thanks for sharing.
The flappening... lol
@_date: 2018-12-19 17:47:26
Using an analogy here....
Don't try to understand all the physics involved to make a bicycle go... just hop on and ride.
Start riding on a nice smooth surface (small transactions)... not a big hill (you risk crashing hard if you don't know how to ride well). Learn from others if you can... learn how to not put a stick in your own spokes. Learn where the mean dogs live and don't ride past their yard. Wear your helmet!!
Start riding, learn how to be safe on a bicycle; Learn about the physics later.
Electrum is generally regarded as a very good wallet. Protect those 12 words as if your future well-being depends on it!!
If I may offer some unsolicited advice; I think it was Plato (perhaps Cicero) who said; "If your father is wise, honor him; if hes a fool, bide him". I can understand where you are coming from however I suggest you not harbor ill will towards him forever. My guess is he will come to regret his advice to you even if you never bring the topic up to him again.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:24:21
Wasn't the same thing said about every great invention??   I agree though, luke is the Ron Paul of small blocks.
@_date: 2018-12-20 01:53:16
"where else do folks trade shorts and leverages"? I don't know.
It is my belief however that Americans use bitmex thru VPN. Bitmex can not advertise to Americans, nor can bitmex "knowingly" allow Americans to use their site, as I understand it. FWIW.
@_date: 2018-12-19 00:58:31
You will see that the people I write about DO file.   No where did I say not to file... 
The law says anyone earning over ~$11,500 in federal income must file a tax return.
If someone did not earn over that amount of federal income, but a 2nd party alleged the 1st party did, then the 1st party must file a return both to claim a refund for all overpaid (withheld) amounts but also to rebut the erroneous assertions by the 2nd party that federal monies were paid out.  Unfortunately, if that assertion is not rebutted in the proper manner, it is accepted as true by the IRS and they are entitled to enforce the tax as if the first party actually was paid federal monies.  Unfortunately again, most Americans lack this knowledge, believe the tax is on "all monies from wherever", and actually sign their name to a document stating that their earnings were from federal government, "voluntarily" (read, out of ignorance).
@_date: 2018-12-22 19:15:03
Cool story!   Stay vigilant! Those hijackers are always trying to get their greedy mits on your coin.
Check this video out;    His "drawer-opening drone" analogy blew my mind. I think you'll like it too.
@_date: 2018-12-16 16:07:58
;p Good one.
Me and all the people on this list are laughing with you; 
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:56:18
I wake Americans up to some brutal truths that the internet is helping to reveal. Yes, I DO!!!!
Every bitcoiner needs to learn how to get on this list; 
There's no need to fear the man behind the curtain anymore. Read the legislation and the CODE for yourself!!!   Follow the lead of the tens of thousands of Americans who have gone before you, who pay ZERO income tax, and who get everything withheld from them throughtout the year returned to them by the IRS, with the cooperation of the IRS!!!!!!!!!  WHy does the IRS cooperate???? Because 1) its the law and 2)IRS employees are scared of these;    as they should be.  Here's just one example; "**(2) Any officer or employee of the United States acting in connection with any revenue law of the United States ... who knowingly demands other or greater sums than are authorized by law... shall be dismissed from office or discharged from employment and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than $10,000, or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.**"   No wonder they return the money they don't have a claim to, when an educated return is filed.
GO LEARN!!!!
PS. Attacking the messenger doesn't refute the message!!!!
PPS. **TEST QUESTION**     What Act of Congress does 26 USC 7214 derive from??
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:57:18
Thank you!
@_date: 2018-12-17 06:40:18
This article suggest there's an important difference between Bitmex futures and BAKKT futures;  
Makes sense to me, I guess.
@_date: 2018-12-18 23:22:22
Avoid an IRS audit by not earning federal income. See my comment history.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:56:04
show it to us, please
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:30:30
You can learn to ride a bicycle and then ride it your whole life.
You can also learn about gears ratios, rubber tire traction co-efficients, counter-steering, and lubricants/rust preventatives.
You can learn the underlying physics that make a bicycle work... or you can just hop on the thing, ride it, and "know how to operate a bicycle".
Without knowing all the specifics, you could even determine whether you need a mountain bike or a road bike, or a tricycle even. I think you would do this by just hopping on and riding.
That being said, btc is money, not a bicycle. Dont go to a down-hill slalom race for your first ride. Start small with a loop around your own house so you don't hurt yourself, ie. send yourself $5 worth or make a small purchase off Overstock. Before you know it, riding will be easy and automatic.
In the end you will determine whether you just need to know the basic to hop on and ride, or whether you need to be an expert in bicycle tires so you know exactly which ones to use in all possible riding situations.
@_date: 2018-12-17 23:05:19
This could be an exchange address? Perhaps the cold wallet address of an exchange?? Perhaps volume is exploding on a certain exchange and that exchange is holding all the users bitcoins?
My guess is it's Bitmex cold wallet; I dont have much to back that up with, its just a guess. I read that the bitmex "insurance fund" is sitting at 6k btc, iirc. divided by 250 btc per deposit, that just aout 24 deposits which just about fits the timeline if the deposits are in fact daily.
And I imagine based on how I understand Bitmex operates and also based on reported volume at cryptowat.ch that it could be one of their cold wallets with regular deposits flowing in.
@_date: 2018-12-16 15:11:26
i_gotta_say you are partially correct; "And yet thousands of corporations with millions of employees are doing it.". Otherwise, most companies are not in on the ruse. Neither are most lawyers.
I recently met a law Librarian at an Ivy League law school,  She has an impressive cv, worked for the railroad as an attorney/tax adviser, she is licensed to practice in federal court; She's as specialized and educated and qualified in tax law as they come.
I asked her if state law was similar to federal law in the following way; are statutes passed by state legislatures codified into a unique legal product as we see happens at the federal level? Is there a Florida Code where laws passed by the Florida legislature are re-worded and re-arranged by topic into a new form?
 I asked her if state Code was "positive law" and "non-positive law" in the sense that Title 26 of the US Code is non-positive law and other titles are positive law, as described by the CODE authors themselves; 
Long story short, here's the first line of her email to me; 
"Thank you for your email. I learned something about positive law and its meaning which I admit I was ignorant of during your reference inquiry. "
**WHAT**?!?!??! How does a law librarian, who studied tax law, who works at an ivy league school, who practiced in federal court on behalf of a major railroad not know this????!!!!! How does she not know that the Title of CODE she specializes in, is not the law itself, but just a rewording of what Congress wrote, and often re-worded in a purposefully obtuse manner!!! Has she ever looked at the wording in the original legislation?!?!?! Has she been taught to argue CODE without being taught that to understand what the CODE actually means one must go compare the CODE to what Congress actually wrote?!?!?!?!?!
How does she not know that Title 26 of the US Code is "non-positive law"?!? I can vouch it's not for a lack of intelligence. But this is basic stuff... how did she not know it?!?
There ARE companies who have gained this knowledge at some point since 2003 when it came to light (when the US Code was digitized and became word-searchable). You can work for them, if you find out who they are. The majority of companies do not have this information though. Why don't they know this yet?? Why isn't this "common knowledge"?? They are not in on the ruse. They are victims of it. It is private-sector "employers" who have been coerced into declaring they're paying out federal wages. The companies don't know any better, yet, than the private-sector "employees" who get paid private-sector "wages".  It's the private-sector employers who the IRS coerced into making the allegations that the workers don't know how to rebut. Private sector employers unwittingly perpetuate the scheme, but they are victims here too. Hope is not lost though.
Thankfully, the whole process revolves around the filers testimony, despite what the CODE writers suggest. Here's what Congress wrote (and I bet the CODE rendition of it is very hard to understand! Read Sec. 93);    Congress wrote that it's your duty to report your federal income yearly and unless you falsely report the amount of your federal income, what you report settles the matter, **period**. The CODE writers misled us to believe something else altogether.
It only partially matters if a private-sector employer makes the allegation that federal monies were paid out, because the filer is allowed to rebut incorrect assertions. We are not required to incorporate others' incorrect assertions into our own testimonies! All that matters is that the paperwork that's been submitted, in the end, reflects what the filer knows to be true of their federal income. Tragically, most Americans think their 1040 is, by law, required to be an accounting of all moneys that came in and not just federal income.
 If the record shows by w-2 and 1099s, correctly or not, that federal monies were paid and received, the filer needs to **agree** or **rebut** with each w-2/1099, fill out a 1040 accounting for all federal monies received, attaching correct "information returns", sign, and that settles it. Americans have been trained to agree with all w-2s and had no clue prior to 2003 how to disagree, nor that they even could disagree with a w-2. They didn't even know what's really supposed to be on a w-2. A whole industry grew up to serve the "taxpayer" (another custom-defined CODE term) that simply parrots "what everyone knows"... ie. that the sun goes round the earth. /facepalm
Most Americans still don't know how to rebut an allegation of federal monies paid/received, nor how to assert that their earnings are from private-sector sources and not from fed-guv. And so their IRS account/record shows (by an allegation) that federal monies were paid, and the untrained American doesn't like it but they "agree" with whatever is on the w-2 and whatever it ultimately signifies, and then put the numbers from the w-2 onto their 1040, "voluntarily" sign, and give away a huge portion of their earnings... grumbling the whole time that they know "something about this isn't right".
As I experience first hand with Ariel, not even our brightest lawyers have been exposed to this info yet. Some have, but not a majority yet. Our new lawyers are still being taught the "official narrative". And just look at the comments, here and past, that others post when this topic comes out. It seems the message is ahead of its time. Or the fear of the IRS in the Americans has been inculcated to an exceptionally high degree.
Think about the Gutenberg Press and how that impacted society. The same thing is occurring with computers, internet and the internal revenue code. When Gutenberg started printing bibles... did everyone stop paying gold to the church overnight??? Did everyone become a protestant?? Why not??
The last 6 decades in America can be likened to Europe just prior to the advent of the Gutenberg Press. People were/are oppressed by a cabal that interprets a secret book. Then the computer and internet came along. The computer and the internet allowed this info to finally escapes the legal priesthood that's been guarding it. I can't speak as to why exactly other Americans choose not to learn this info, although I certainly have some ideas why. The Emperors New Clothes and the Man Behind the Curtain are useful analogies here. This famous quote comes to mind; " The process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose." 
What I can say is that the bulletin board list is getting longer every year and its been going strong for 15 years.
You are very right that this knowledge provides a competitive advantage!!!! 
@_date: 2018-12-15 23:14:38
That is incorrect. No one becomes a federal employee simply by putting their social security number on a form.
Did you notice the thousands of tax returns and checks from the US Treasury in the link I shared. Talk about results!!!
To my knowledge no one has gotten similar results using the position you suggested. I suggest you read more and type less, on this topic. You'd be doing all your fellow Americans a favor by not disseminating misinformation.
Bonus**   Here's the law actually passed by Congress; it's not "encoded". Read section 86 and tell me what the tax falls on; 
Then read the Preamble to the Internal Revenue Code. It specifically says it is an encoding of the revenue laws from 1862-present.  Check Table 3 in Title 26 of the US Code and follow the sections of code back to the original statute passed by Congress. Verify against what the Supreme Court has said. All this information is now just a few clicks away. Don't give away a major portion of earnings out of ignorance. That just harms yourself and your country.
@_date: 2018-12-19 14:24:50
Respectfully, what you are unaware of, it appears, is that w-2 and 1099 are ONLY for reporting the payment of federal monies by federal entities. Whether someone is an actual federal employee, an elected official, or perhaps even self-employed and doing some work on a fed-guv job site somewhere, or they get dividends from fed-guv bonds...  it is the monies they earn off fed-guv that is reported, documented, tracked, and taxed.  Not private-sector earnings.
The allegation of federal earnings is made when private-sector pay/gains/income is listed on a form, w-2 or 1099 or another information return, which is **only** for reporting federal earnings. Private-sector monies DO NOT go on a w-2 or 1099. This is how they got us!!!!!!!!!!!   
The IRS only sees a form which is for listing federal income, with some numbers on it. They enforce the forms we all sign and send to them whether we understand what we are signing or not. 
Only monies earned from fed-guv go on w-2, 1099, and 1040.  That's the law, in fact.  Despite what the CODE writers have led us to believe since the 1954 CODE was written.
Every January-April, millions of privte-sector actors incorrectly list private-sector payments on a w-2 and 1099. That is what gives the IRS the right to enforce the tax against the recipient, even  though the recipient didn't actually earn money from fed-guv.   The "record" for that tax-year shows an information return that list "federal pay".....   because again..... w-2 and 1099 are for listing federal earnings ONLY and we are all expected to know this!!
If someone working in the private-sector, let's say as an engineer for Lockheed Martin, earns $150,000....
Lockheed will list that pay, incorrectly, on a w-2.
If the engineer properly rebuts that erroneous w-2, he will pay zero income tax.
If the engineer does not properly rebut the w-2, the record will show that he earned $150,000 in federal earnings.
This is because w-2 and 1099 are for reporting federal payments, and the IRS assumes a document it receives is true unless properly rebutted!!
@_date: 2018-12-19 00:51:11
Here's what we haven't covered yet, in this forum;
26 USC 7701 (a) When used in this title....    7701(c)**The term “trade or business” INCLUDES the performance of the functions of a public office.**. Skipping the legal discussion here, the easiest way to understand the definition above is to read it this way...
"The term "trade or business" **MEANS** performing the functions of a public office". 
Obviously verify this for yourself. But if you recall the list of thousands of names on it... well, that certainly suggests what I'm saying is true.  Or I suppose the IRS really does let go of millions of dollars, uniquely only to people who read a certain book.
 Private-sector businesses think they are a "trade or business" and that the CODE applies to them, yet they have no idea what the definition in the CODE is, let alone how to interpret it properly. THey also don't know how to interpret the CODE so that it actually harmonizes with the Constitution.  The average American has no idea how Title 26 of the US Code is just a re-wording of legislation by topic, but it doesnt change the law or the meaning as found in the actual legislation. We all know "something is wrong"...   the CODE writers did a great job... encoding the law so none of us could read it!
Now go read the capital gains section of the current Code with that definition in mind.
Then find the 1939 and 1954 version of that same code section.
Or find the original legislation written by Congress.
As I wrote, the IRS is NOT obligated to indicated which words are custom-defined in the code.
That's the whole scheme.  Custom define "wages", "employee" and "trade or business" in the CODE so that laymen dont know those legal terms have specialized meanings in the CODE. The scheme succeeded wildly before Control + F, the computer, and internet came long.
@_date: 2018-12-17 04:26:24


Hey now. No need to try to pull a fast one.  Unless you have some agenda here...
Most Americans have no idea what "guides" IRS employees use, but you do.... interesting.
Look at pages 12-16 in the third document, which you attempted to simply dismiss. The IRS and fed-guv withdrew their case, twice?!?  **Hold-up**.... the IRS withdrew their cases wherein they said he was promoting an abusive tax-shelter, **twice**?!?! But they did "find him guilty" on OTHER charges???  Can you tell me about what his jury was told when Pete was "found guilty"? Surely we can blindly trust that no improprieties took place what-so-ever... huh? Surely his "peers" know the tax legislation and CODE inside and out, right?? IRS attorneys are the most honest around, right???
And whatta ya mean the "third is nonsense he wrote himself"??? Those 17 documents are certified court documents    ??????????
And look at page 17... All Parties agree to bear their own cost?!?!?!
Considering this man, armed with a computer, is going up alone against the IRS, I'd says "All Parties agree to bear their own costs" is a stunning victory.
And... what exactly is in his book that caused the IRS and fed-guv to not only make multiple attempts to have his book censored, but take other actions against him as well??  And they withdrew?????
I mean come on.... millions of dollars spent to prosecute a guy over $2000??? And then his wife?
Yet theyre still sending out the checks???? For 15 years running???? The IRS hasn't "fixed the cracks" in their automated system yet?? Come on man...
Find the truth or bury your head... both require digging.
@_date: 2018-12-26 17:49:53
Excellent write-up.
Check out this methodology for calculating the inflation rate; 
@_date: 2018-12-17 23:34:07
Ah, I don't know the first thing about their ops.
@_date: 2018-12-16 16:29:56
See Ch. CXIX (bottom of the page) and read; 
@_date: 2018-12-22 07:01:39
MBFF 4eva!
@_date: 2018-12-17 08:04:23
I'd rather shill for Truth, Knowledge, and Liberty, than shill for the IRS as you do.
We know... Petes been to jail and the IRS says "all "tax-payers must pay their fair share". Can you contribute anything else?? If you can actually contribute something meaningful we can continue... but you're just shilling IRS talking-points and haven't said a single thing about law, the US Code, actual legislation, or any other relevant item.
You have only shilled for the IRS by repeating that Pete has been "found guilty" and no one should read his book.... because the IRS says so.
Yeah, we know about those IRS shenanigans..  We also know that despite IRS efforts, people still follow Petes lead, by the thousands yearly, and the IRS issues refunds to those people, yearly, and besides Pete no one else has been prosecuted. Even though there's thousands of willing targets, every year, following Petes lead, the IRS doesn't prosecute any of them...  And you dismiss it all as "simple inefficiencies"   XD And then call me crazy.... lol.
You could learn to read the law for yourself and you could achieve what Pete and tens of thousands of Americans have; keep all your private-sector earnings, and pay the lawful tax on any federally-connected earnings you have. Heck, maybe someday you could even write a book about it!!! I know... that's just "crazy talk". No one learns to read the law for themselves. Certainly no one should, gasp, buy a book to learn something!!!! The horror!!!
Or you could just pay away a major portion of what you earn, out of ignorance, safely, year after year. Cower before your public servants and lick their boots. Obey their dictates. Definitely do not read the Code nor legislation for yourself. Definitely NOT THAT!!! And if someone like Pete comes around telling you to learn how to read CODE and legislation for yourself, RUN!!!!  Better yet, Pretend you saw something, and say something... Is that more to your liking??
Go run to your "joke" forum and show them what I've written throughout this post. Jokes on you, IRS shill, the Code has been cracked and there are thousands of Americans spreading the word. The internet is useful for this purpose. Take another look at this long list of US Treasury checks that were issued with IRS approval; 
You're dismissed.
@_date: 2018-12-26 21:41:13
If it floats, flies, or fucks.... rent it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 17:28:54
1) a search on this site will reveal that thousands of people have received the same email; 
2) we all pleasure ourselves. cover your webcam with a sticky note or small piece of black electrical tape
3) don't pay. It's a scam. Tell them you didn't give them rights to the video and you expect royalties.
@_date: 2018-12-18 21:28:52
Perhaps bring up this topic with your friend; 
You may want to re-direct your energy else-where altogether.
@_date: 2018-12-18 01:06:34
Your understanding is slightly off again.
Private sector earnings aren't specifically exempted in the way that wages to US soldiers working in a war zone are. Private-sector pay is simply outside the scope of the tax law and IRS mission altogether, despite what American has been led to believe since the 50's. It's not that the tax legislation "exempts" private-sector pay from the tax on federal pay; It never addressed it to begin with, because it couldn't. 
Income taxation is all about federal pay. All the paperwork is about federal pay. Some types of federal pay are specifically exempt from the tax, by law, such as warzone pay for soldiers. Private-sector pay isn't exempt from the tax on federal income by an act of congress. It just isn't part of the law at all. Its outside the scope.
Military people in a war zone can check that box and that's the proper usage of it. There are a few other types of federal pay that are specifically exempt from the tax on federal income. We can go find the laws that exempt that specific type of way to earn money from Fed-guv.
To be a private sector worker, however, and then to fill out a form that only federal employees are supposed to fill out, and then to check a box on that form that essentially says, "my federal pay is exempt from taxation in the tax law"...   doesn't work because it's a misunderstanding of the words used.
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:18:35
It's not that I'm a shill.   You just don't read.
Here's the evidence again; 
Maybe actually read something vs just trying to insult me?? Maybe??  The things you're asking for are right inside there.
You're only harming yourself here, IRS-shill.  Remember: attacking the messenger doesn't refute the message.
@_date: 2018-12-24 17:29:24
But... arent his words/writing part of his possessions?  You can't tell him what to write!        /facepalm  I just did it too!!!
:)    Happy Holidays friend.
@_date: 2018-12-21 02:21:21
Go to bitcoin sub-reddit, search for "blackmail", read.
You're ~ the 10,000 person to receive that email and post that question here.
It's a scam.
@_date: 2018-12-22 01:17:54
Someones gonna become a kajillionaire when they make all this a reality...
Kane from   are you here?   I think you can do this bro!!!
@_date: 2018-12-20 22:24:41
I like your style...