@_author: dont_let_me_comment
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:39:41
I'm guessing you're not in the US? I've never had to physically go into a bank to apply for a credit card.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:00:29
If you suspect your bank is not behaving within regulations, The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is where you should file your complaint (in the US). They're responsible for making sure banks comply with regulations.
Logically, I don't think banks have any right to tell you not to conduct business with any legal enterprise, but I'm not an expert on the subject.
[Check the OCC's website]( for more information.
@_date: 2013-12-11 11:16:38
If there are flaws in his arguments, it should be no challenge for you to point them out. Then we could all learn something. Regardless of whether he calls it a "string man" or a straw man, if he correctly identified a straw man argument, then his point is valid. If not, then point out why it's not, don't just harp about the name being wrong while ignoring the *actual* problem, that the argument is wrong.
There's certainly a correlation between communication issues and issues in content, but that does not prove a causal relationship. As a counterexample, there's the situation where a person may not be speaking in their native language. They could easily be very intelligent, but unable express themselves correctly. Your argument is like saying that because a car has a flawed paint job, then it must have engine problems as well. The two are correlated, but one does not necessarily follow the other. If you want to make comments about the engine problems, then open the hood and point out what they are, don't claim you can infer them by looking at the outside.
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:57:46
That is a serious cognitive defect you have where minor typos render you unable to determine whether an argument is logically valid. You should consult a neurologist or something to see if that can be treated.
@_date: 2013-12-06 13:01:28
It's like this. The scammer has proposed a game whereby deceit is used to extract money. What the scammer does is unethical because he withholds that information from the other participant in the game. However, if you both agree that it's ok to deceive each other in order to get money, then have at it. I don't see it as any different than two consenting adults making a wager. Obviously, the scammer has no problem with the game of deceiving people for money, so there's nothing for him to complain about if he happens to lose at the game he chose to play.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:39:46
I have a rule about buying a boat. It goes like this: Don't buy a boat.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:51:49
I see you're doubling down on the pedantry. Let me know how that works out for you. Any normal person can infer the correct meaning of your / you're from context. To suggest that this minor grammatical error leaves you unable to comprehend the content implies some mental deficiency on your part. 