@_author: doominasuit
@_date: 2014-11-14 01:43:47
I see what you mean. I might question that it's strictly cheaper considering that you are only paying energy cost, not equipment upkeep too like in a datacenter (the average GPU is not used until it dies?). I will definitely consider this.
@_date: 2014-11-14 00:55:17
I see what you mean, but who controls the asset if it's open source software that anyone can run?
@_date: 2014-11-14 01:05:33
lol gridcoin is exactly what I meant by using it for charity. Actually, I was trying to combine BOINC with Bitcoin myself... can't believe I missed that. Thanks so much.
I think the main technological challenge is verification of calculations done. In BOINC, all the calculations are run by two different computers to verify that the computer did the calculation correctly (they are given credit for this, which I was thinking could be kind of like the currency), but that is not on par with Bitcoin's verification in the block chain. I haven't really thought of a way to make this secure enough for a currency without making it so inefficient there's no point. However, my ideas are limited because I'm just learning about computer architecture now. What I mean is that only two computers verifying a coin is too exploitable compared to all machines verifying the way bitcoin is.
@_date: 2014-11-14 01:13:48
That is a good point. Yes curecoin seems like the same thing I was talking about for charity. I need to look at Counterparty and Ethereum more to understand them, thanks for the pointer.
For the data center point, if the currency scales to be very large won't it have more computational power than a datacenter?
EDIT: wait, what you said doesn't make sense. If you want computation from a datacenter you have to buy it. My idea is that you could just run your own computer then have access to using other people's later. This is not the same as a datacenter. Sure, datacenters could mine themselves to make some of this coin, but that seems a little counter-intuitive unless they have a lot of downtime that is otherwise unused. It's like saving energy for later - you will lose some, but getting some later is better than nothing.