@_author: dooscratchx15
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:23:27
**FWIW - SR2 landing page 05/29/14 12:22am**
You are writing history, &lt;userName&gt;
We are almost there.
In less than thirty days I will be drafting an unprecedented announcement that your resilience made possible: the announcement that Silk Road has repaid all victims of our February hack.
As of today, May 27th 2014, 82.09% of all victims of the Feburary hack have been fully repaid.
In June the world will be reminded that when faced with adversity, Silk Road's community doesn't run. We unite.
Our enemies may seize our servers, impound our coins, and arrest our friends, but they cannot stop you: our people.
You write history with every coin transacted here.
It is unprecedented for any entity, darknet or clearnet, to completely repay the victims of a Bitcoin hack.
We are sending a clear message of integrity and justice, louder than the slander our oppressors can push into the news.
History will prove that we are not criminals, we are revolutionaries.
We are slaving to transform a notoriously-violent industry into a safe online marketplace, removing the risk of face-to-face transactions.
We do not steal the People's money like Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, and Morgan Stanley.
We bail each other out with our own sweat.
We are not puppets of fear or greed.
We do not run like the cowards at MtGox, TorMarket, or Sheep.
Silk Road is not here to scam, we are here to end economic oppression.
Silk Road is not here to promote violence, we are here to end the unjust War on Drugs.
Silk Road is not here to submit to authority, we are here to defend a foundational human right: freedom of choice.
Silk Road is not a marketplace,
Silk Road is a global revolt.
When the news hits that everyone has been repaid, do your part to help tear down the world's misimpressions about what our movement stands for.
Four months of everyone's hard work has almost generated one spark. Throw it into the petrol. Be prepared with your throwaway accounts. Tweet. Upvote. Blog. Email editors.
It is an honor to serve you.
