@_author: doovert
@_date: 2019-11-02 02:33:01
Each transaction is more then the coffee itself to mine the transfer bitcoins from wallet to wallet when the market is always so volatile.  This is how you adapt to the new currency of bitcoin.  Truly expensive coffee
@_date: 2019-10-16 05:23:46
I have some bad news about this site Tradenix.io
They start by contacting you through fishy sources of numbers from all over the world with none of them able to be traced back to the source, you can’t call them back and music just plays or it’s a ip phone message. 
At the start they offer you $500 to start trading with their money that they say they give to you on the account online. They allow you to trade but they recommend their trades and do them with you at the beginning to show a profit, once the account is making money you can’t get access to it unless you invest. They demand huge investments to get access to their money they said was yours. But it’s not at all, they then throw up some computer generated dollar amount on their website computer screen showing your account going up and up. They pay you $30 from this profit to show and explain that no company pays out here’s our trust because they are able to pay clients a return right away and quick payment, but that’s the catch and sinker, they lure you in with free money and it’s not yours and they pay you a tiny amount to look legit. Then you invest with and see the account rise up again, they (Benjamin Pitt to be exact) grind you everyday for money and explain that the market of crypto’s (explains that bitcoin is unregulated so we must use all the loopholes till it’s regulated) and this is going to change so we must take advantage of the opportunity of arbitrage. (Benjamin says they find people who want to sell their bitcoin at a cheaper rate and they buy and and sell it for higher rates and then give the clients a return even though the money they say their using is the company’s to do this arbitrage on their own, somehow they say they distribute the profits to your account but its not liquid ever) Don’t dare ask for any money at any time you will get so many excuses, your funds are tied up trading or not liquid stuck in arbitrage. The site then goes under a upgrade and my account is inaccessible. Email support, days later they say sorry and reset password, a new transaction history appears for a new amount that makes no sense, you login and can’t trade anymore and they request more and more to get higher return. Do not dare ask for any money at this time, they offer to increase the return for your account and put another 20k into the account to increase the arbitrage return,  they continue increasing the profits on the account and as soon as you think it’s looking good they stop everything altogether until you pay the 20k to them, they wait weeks on end, you ask for a small amount of profit lower then your investment and they say they have recorded phone conversations of every call they make, but if you mention anything they said such as “next week withdrawal request for 8k I’m writing this down so I can have it done for you” and you wait and wait and wait till another week and suddenly he won’t respond to emails or isn’t calling and of course your calls don’t go through at all to anything, unavailable for the next 3 weeks,
Then he power calls completely treats me with disrespect because I’m asking for a tiny amount from the account he already promised me and wrote it down but suddenly forgets...
Next he gets the CIO to call me “John Adams”And he says I can’t get any money out because all this money is not mine unless I pay 20k to get it, this loan is our money, pay it back then I can take whatever I want after that. They add a couple digits to the computer generated amount on my account they say they added to increase my return and now it’s a loan I have to pay to get anything. Benjamin says im part of his trading team and his commision won’t be less than $50k before you get a dime, So your account stops and all the fake reviews online notice all of the bad ones are blocked from the company and only fake reviews are their. The reviews not even close to what happens,  I found my exact same case online and suddenly that review is gone now, however I emailed the company the review and i said this is my exact same problem. Here we are today I had Benjamin call me and call me an idiot and say that I’m stupid for tying to get my money out. I emailed support and Benjamin today to ask for a deal so everybody wins, which was let them keep 41k of the 51k available and I’ll just take 10k and close the account. 
Their response is I owe them 20k to get 10k back.
I think it’s a scam for sure.