@_author: dorgamund
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:41:36
Tools this powerful, is the technological equivalent to giving the CIA a gun to hold against your head, and then trust that they won't fire. Given the track record of the Alphabet agencies, I wouldn't trust that. Now, granted, there are legitimate uses for such technology, but the agencies are simply too secretive to ever know and confirm that they aren't abusing it. I would be more ok with a surveillance state, if the agencies matched the level of transparency, so that anyone can know where their information is going, why, and what it is being used for. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:26:17
It is a fair point, but at some level, you have to wonder when they have gone too far. Right now, the Alphabet agencies can hack pretty much everything which isn't hyper secure, and there is absolutely no way to know if they are hacking us, if they are stealing our information and what not. They are a faceless mass. Do they even work against other agencies? We might presume so, but we can't really confirm. 
I think that the baseline is that they have gone too far. If they keep quiet about certain activities to specifically fight enemy agencies, then it is not ideal, but they don't even do that much. President Obama promised that the government was going to be disclosing critical exploits to the companies, and that simply wasn't done. That means that either Obama lied to everyone, or that no one has control over the agencies, and if no one has control in the first place, then there is absolutely nothing stopping them from doing whatever they want.
Keeping the exploits secret not only goes directly against what they claimed they were going to do, but it also hurts every American citizen whom they kept this from. All of our security is weaker because of this, and our nation is more vulnerable to attacks by foreign adversaries, which is ostensibly the entire goddamn point of having these agencies. There needs to be some kind of reform or change in how they operate, because the current state of affairs is just flat out unacceptable.
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:13:14
I believe it was Al Capone, who was nailed by tax evasion. 