@_author: dorien_green
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:08:15
You could go to a Shiba specific breeder. Don't get a dog just because you think it has a nice temperament, all dogs have variables and differ in personality like humans. Shiba Inus are one of the most difficult dogs to train so you have to be pretty experienced with dogs to raise one. Also having dealt with a few, they are very aloof and possessive and also are brilliant escape artists being able to scale fences and even windows. Funny dogs though. Just because it is a confirmed breeder doesn't mean they don't have cruel practices too, as I said in a post earlier, the confirmed breeders I saw at the practice all the time would come in and get monthly blood tests to see when their dogs would be fertile to breed, the dogs got so sick of being stuck with needles they would try to avoid them and I would feel so bad holding them down to get it done. Also why is a dog from a breeder any more random than a dog from a shelter? You both know them as well.
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:58:08
Rescues often have heaps of puppies. Purebred too. I saw a lot and helped a lot get vaccinated in the vet practice I did work experience at. It's a common misconception. Same with a particular trait, all dogs are individual with different personalities and also a lot of it is how you mold and train them. I have seen plenty of nasty or bad traits come through the door of purebred breeder dogs and mutts with lovely personalities and perfectly trained.
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:59:25
It is and also a showpiece, a relative of mine got a whippet and loves how people compliment her and let her boast about it. It's selfish.
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:12:10
That's good, I thought it was the same in NSW too as they disappeared but this proves me wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:51:21
Hopefully it wasn't bought from a pet shop supporting a puppy mill and was adopted as that's where nearly all of them come from.
I did work experience in a vet practice for my course and had to visit one of the 'breeders' that supplied to the local pet warehouse, needless to say it was a distressing experience and I will always adopt. Also a number of bigger breeders that sell purebred puppies are still not as good a people make out, I saw a few and they brought their female dogs in every month to get blood tested (big needle in their foreleg) to check if their hormones showed they were fertile. So sad as some of the dogs would try their best to avoid the needles and we would have to hold them in place. It saddens me people think this is ok and worth it because they get a cute status symbol and puppy out it.
 So please always adopt as I met some beautiful purebred and mutt dogs from puppies to elders that had been abandoned and given up (not at fault of their own..their owners moved or went into aged care) and some that had to be put down. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:17:21
Not all abandoned pets are abandoned for a reason - e.g. owners pass away, owners go in to care, owners move to a place that can't have dogs/can't find a place where they can have them, people don't neuter/spay their dogs and dog get pregnant and can't be bothered dealing with pups, owners move somewhere overseas and can't leave them anywhere or take them. The first three were very common in the practice I was working at.
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:15:46
Not all abandoned pets are abandoned for a reason - e.g. owners pass away, owners go in to care, owners move to a place that can't have dogs/can't find a place where they can have them, people don't neuter/spay their dogs and dog get pregnant and can't be bothered dealing with pups, owners move somewhere overseas and can't leave them anywhere or take them. The first three were very common in the practice I was working at.
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:10:41
Why is that any less on the cards than buying? Both are achieving the same result...
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:54:38
Yes there are. Heaps in Australia of nearly every pure breed and in between you could imagine with pups and adults. There are a few cav ones too.