@_author: doublechecker
@_date: 2016-01-02 18:53:05
Not really... Switzerland was unique because it was secret AND long history of being reliable with retaining deposits.  Numerous other former countries famous for offshore banking have run off with depositors money or otherwise ended disastrously due to nationalization, ponzi schemes, etc. (ie Grenada, Panama, Cuba, etc.).  Now the best options are countries like Costa Rica, Belize, and Grenada (again).  But the point is that if they can force Switzerland to cave and give up its depositors' information, it means they can force anyone.
@_date: 2016-01-02 22:44:17
I don’t think those articles are proving what you think they are.  But yes, it’s a good point that there was some warning that the Swiss banking secrecy MAY be compromised for the ultra wealthy, but the US government has been pushing for that for decades and yes had scored some minor victories along the way, but nothing even close to this magnitude of the OP’s article.
The first article relates to German officials purchasing illegal data related to Swiss banks, not any type of legal victory that OP’s article refers to.  The article states “The EU and US have recently led a consistent campaign against untaxed funds hidden in Swiss banks, but Swiss officials have refused to automatically exchange of information.  Swiss banking secrecy has made it an destination for untaxed wealth.”
From the second article:  “Paradoxically, regulations that were intended to catch and punish tax cheats are making life difficult for ordinary, middle-class people who have always played by the rules.  Many, like Hornung-Soukup, have lived overseas for decades, and others, like Ungar, have only tenuous ties to the U.S. — his father is American but he himself was born in Switzerland, never lived in the U.S. at all, and has no plans to move there.”  And that is exactly what the 2014 pushes did, punish the middle class while the 1%’s continued to evade by giving up citizenship, using relatives’ names, using blind trusts, etc.’s
@_date: 2016-01-02 21:12:56
Have to respectfully disagree with you.  Swiss banking had built their reputation for secrecy over CENTURIES (no other country has history even similar, or the resources that Swiss banking had to defend themselves).  Of course they will diversify into some of those other jurisdictions, but the majority would never put anywhere near as much as they did in the Swiss banking system.  Because if it has a 10+ percent chance of failing / disclosing your position to the US (which now all of them do now that Switzerland has fallen).  Because if you do get caught, now you have to pay the taxes, the lawyers fees to defend it, tax evasion fees, and possibly even jail time (although jail time is obviously super low risk unless Bernie is elected).  Once the risk reaches that level, it’s just better to pay the taxes for many of them (I mean they are just paying capital gains tax, its not like normal income tax), and you can avoid the risk of jail time.
Of course there is always the minority of the 1% that will always use those offshores regardless of the risk (and a minority of these guys is of course very huge dollar amounts), but Swiss banking falling is seriously a very major deal for the majority of them—it’s not like shutting down any other jurisdiction, many assumed it was unassailable.