@_author: downwithdick
@_date: 2017-05-13 14:47:05
poloniex are a bunch of fuckin retards. this happens all the time, happened a year age mid-March with ETH. a great coin is rising, a couple people sell, then poloniex shits its pants and turns a 20% drop into 50% or whatever.
their little shit servers probably running a trade engine written in php like mtgox, and their servers are probably a dell tower mid 90s w 2gb ram and magnetic hard disk.
every day they be like "our experts are currently working to fix the situation. be patient" "dont worry were here in the trollbox for customer service. the technicians are all in the back working to fix the problem". they blame their shit programming and server setup on DDOS, and vice versa. by "fixing the situation" they mean they are waiting for trading volume to drop off completely and for them to reboot to clear up their 2GB of ram stick in their shit server from the 90s.
if/more likely when US crypto exchanges get some regulation, poloniex is gonna get fuckin bitch slapped by the SEC.
Re: DDOS's, they also fucked up by hosting at singlehop.com ghetto servers in chicago. i looked at hosting there years ago but they suck. red brick ghetto NOC on skid row. anyhow, poloniex fucked up by using a non-hidden mail server while simultaneously trying to use cloudflare to hide their IPs. once DDOsers know which host ur at they will just run requests on all the IP blocks til they find ur shit trade server and go b0rk it. u gotta change the network cetner ur in poloniex, u c heap lazy fuckin cunts im making my own exchange right now called poloniex-sucks-me-bits.com u can join me to trade proper there tomorrow. byeeee
@_date: 2017-05-13 14:35:55
poloniex are a bunch of fuckin retards. this happens all the time, happened a year age mid-March with ETH.
a great coin is rising, a couple people sell, then poloniex shits its pants and turns a 20% drop into 50% or whatever.
their little shit servers probably running a trade engine written in php like mtgox, and their servers are probably a dell tower mid 90s w 2gb ram and magnetic hard disk.
every day they be like "our experts are currently working to fix the situation. be patient" "dont worry were here in the trollbox for customer service. the technicians are all in the back working to fix the problem".
they blame their shit programming and server setup on DDOS, and vice versa.
by "fixing the situation" they mean they are waiting for trading volume to drop off completely and for them to reboot to clear up their 2GB of ram stick in their shit server from the 90s.
Re: DDOS's, they also fucked up by hosting at singlehop.com ghetto servers in chicago. i looked at hosting there years ago but they suck. red brick ghetto NOC on skid row. anyhow, poloniex fucked up by using a non-hidden mail server while simultaneously trying to  use cloudflare to hide their IPs. once DDOsers know which host ur at they will just run requests on all the IP blocks til they find ur shit trade server and go b0rk it.
u gotta change the network cetner ur in poloniex, u c heap lazy fuckin cunts im making my own exchange right now called poloniex-sucks-me-bits.com u can join me to trade proper there tomorrow.
byeee