@_author: doxavg
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:11:41
But see, that's the point. Once you deposit your money, it's now their money (in their mind).  They don't care where the money comes from as long as it goes to them, they only care when it leaves their pocket.  How dare you take their money!
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:57:53
True, however that only applies if the person being threatened actually has access to the private key.  If I was running a dispensary that took bitcoin for payment, I certainly wouldn't be providing it to the clerks running the joint.  The clerks however will likely have access to the cash register and possibly even the safe.
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:16:54
Unlikely to purchase as I'm not really interested in the product (thanks for sharing though!), but did want to offer a comment on licensing that largely echo's the other feedback you've had.  Relevant, only because I do purchase software, use multiple computers and I do pay attention to how the vendor both licenses and enforces licenses.  Please consider that much of your userbase is most likely users of multiple computers, might be willing to have it actively running on only one computer at a time, but want it installed on whatever machine they are using.  Limiting total activations may sound viable, but without a self service mechanism, you will quickly find users complaining about having to wait on you to fix something they feel they bought (that one on it's own in combination with free or cheaper alternatives that were 'good enough' prevented a purchase from me).
The best license mechanisms I've used have been ones that are just legal terms and it's up to me to enforce.  But since you feel that isn't option, it's your baby, totally understand, the next best have been ones I have to activate online with no limit to activations, but a vendor that pays attention to abnormally high activation counts and contacts me for verification.  Licenses that allow me to install on X machines, use on a single one at any given time and provide a mechanism to deactivate unused machines (Steam!).  In both cases, I would say that the licensing mechanism is pretty unobtrusive and enforces the developers rights.  Up to a point...the licensing mechanism is going to be reverse engineered and cracked eventually anyway.  Protecting your code provides value to you by theoretically creating more sales, but costs you development time that could be used to make the product better, which on it's own may create more sales.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:00:38
Lies!  Nobody beats Chuck Norris!
@_date: 2013-09-21 00:02:03
Can't tell if this is a poor attempt at humor or if you have a stick up your ass.  I got a laugh out of it anyway, so upvote for you.
@_date: 2013-09-30 18:45:44
Mine moved to bitminter automatically and I was notified of the 'idle' miners via BTC Guilds threshold alerts.  BTC Guild did also have a notice on their site for miners about some temporary private servers they could move to on request.