@_author: dpal23
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:35:07
No....If it is than its pure speculation. As it stands right now, Bitcoin has become a store of value. It has deviated from its original use. As it becomes more scarce the price could rise. However, with all the noobs that got in mainly in the past 4 months. They will get shaken out and lose confidence when this corrects back below 10k. At that point you will have more adopters than speculators and quite frankly bitcoin needs a few years to work out its issues before it becomes widely adopted more as a currency than a store of value. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 12:30:15
Pure speculation. There is nothing that indicates it should be valued higher than the current cost to mine a coin. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 14:22:21
So even for the irs a purchase of goods is a taxable event. Also if you do sell on an exchange it will generate a 1099 and you have to prove your cost basis through the purchase. If you are using an exchange the btc/fiat exchange will be reported. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:21:23
There are huge headwinds to bitcoin adoption currently. THE absolute biggest hurdle for mainstream adoption is the fact that it still operates in a legal grey area. People are not going to put their savings into something that can be deemed illegal tomorrow. Enough with the legality of it. 
Even if it was deemed a legal currency tomorrow there are still a number of issues. 
First in the technology adoption curve innovators and early adopters make up 15% of the users. They typically have more means and/or a higher level of intelligence in that particular category than the early majority. 
So now the early majority is less tech savvy than the previous 15%. 
Barrier to entry is high. For the average person the process to sign up with an exchange is cumbersome and way more complicated then opening a brokerage account. There are only a small number of exchanges to work with in the us that are somewhat user friendly. The fact that major exchanges are hacked and actual “money” stolen is an issue. Banks may be hacked but it’s data and not the clients money being stolen. If it was the fdic would step in. There is no consumer protection with bitcoin. Which brings me to my next point. 
Private Keys- for the average person the ability to lose access to your entire savings because you lost your private key is unnerving to say the least. There needs to be a better system in place to manage private keys. 
The next is the address. When I show the address to people that don’t own crypto it’s daunting. They don’t like looking at hexadecimal. They like pretty looking text that’s easy to understand and not make a mistake with. That needs to be solved.   When I buy something from amazon I’m not typing in their bank account info ever. My card is charged and confirmed with a fingerprint. It needs to be that easy. 
With a bank account if I send money to the wrong person the bank can get it back for me. The permanence of a mistake can lead to significant losses which will cause people to hesitate. Can’t solve. 
Lastly, price fluctuation. Your average person can not  even stand a 10% drop in the stock market over the course of a year, let alone in a week, day, or hour. Those are flash crashes and everyone freaks out. So sorry to all you mooners but crypto needs to be stable you won’t see wide adoption until people know that 1 BTC will buy 2 flat screens tomorrow and not a cup of coffee. 
I love crypto and the idea of it. There are a lot of issues to work out just with the user experience let alone with the backend technology. Right now it’s the equivalent of asking your average person to use a computer through the command line. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 18:55:03
Technically mining does add coins to the network, specifically 12.5 per block. Without miners transactions aren’t confirmed and the network is useless. Mining costs money, back when you could mine with a cpu the price was reflective of that. Now that you need huge networks as the difficulty continues to increase you need more expensive processors. Not to include the cost of power. So the cost of 1 btc should equal the cost to mine. Anything beyond that is speculative in nature. 