@_author: dpcii
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:17:31
I get your point, but my original comment was simply to acknowledge that there are other ways to use this technology which people value and which bitcoin isn’t even trying to do. 
A complex identity, contract enforcement platform could be wildly successful - and bitcoin could still be a great store of value. It doesn’t have to be mutually exclusive. 
In other words, I agree, it could end up being overtaken. But even if it isn’t there can be others.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:52:41
There is no “it.” 
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:27:55
“All other cryptos will be worthless?” If you understand cryptos, and you believe that bitcoin has value, then you should know that bitcoin does not accomplish all things crypto is meant to do. Seems he doesn’t actually understand the thing he’s so heavily invested in. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 01:18:56
Name checks out.
@_date: 2017-09-02 14:15:15
Good points. I wanted to explore the idea that a contract, perhaps by consensus, could become something other than what it started as. I get the idealogical purity that is very popular in this space, but in human systems and in business, the ability to remake oneself, even if it's very difficult and must go through 1 million checks and balances, is generally desirable. Make that, necessary, eventually.
@_date: 2017-09-04 19:31:15
One thing this industry lacks is effective leadership - and you just provided it. Well done! 
@_date: 2017-09-02 01:06:37
You might be right. But I'm a nub and not allowed to post there. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 14:25:16
Sorry, I meant chain not contract. Although you could say the same about either one. 
I think the primary catalyst for my question is the plethora of extremely low value chains.
@_date: 2017-09-02 13:53:01
One of the reasons I ask this question is that, inevitably, some of these coins/tokens are going to have very limited utility in being independent. As a hypothetical example let's say there is a coin that's great for efficient transaction, a token that monetizes spare bandwidth, and a token that monetizes the plastic you recycle- whatever, it doesn't matter what the functions are. Is there a way to fork two or more completely independent projects into one new combined project? Without the value approaching 0 as development teams abandon the old project? Not all of these projects are fully decentralized, so maybe I'm assuming a more centralized system? I'm not sure. 
@_date: 2017-07-14 22:25:29
This is a good meta question that deserves more visible explanation. When I first started researching bitcoin I asked the same thing. In my assessment of the current state of bitcoin, bitcoin is in an Alpha-test stage for a global low-cost currency. Its current value is
* Speculative
* Low transaction cost (I've transacted for a fraction of a USD equivalent)
* Highly visible - the opposite of the reputation it gained as a currency for criminals
* Not easily manipulated by state actors for state interests
* Not easily manipulated by any small number of actors
Its weaknesses are currently:
* Not currently attractive for use in Point-of-Sale. Yes you can buy something, but if the seller doesn't send the item or it is not as represented, there is no dispute resolution authority to appeal to.
* VERY unforgiving - affects adoption i.e. "the mom test" - can my mom use it? Then its not ready/won't be ready for mass adoption - Potential for theft requires elaborate protection processes like cold storage, multiple wallets, and physical encryption supplements which raise the costs of use 
* Political chaos - I don't even know where to begin on this one. What's worse, the Chinese miners vs. core developers? Or is it the nihilistic anarchist streak that turns a reasonable discussion into a crusade for burning down governments? How about the very unsophisticated system for presenting, weighing and debating, deciding, and implementing changes to the core system?
All that being said, there are innovators working feverishly on solutions to each of these problems.
@_date: 2017-07-15 10:21:40
Yes, I've used bitcoin to transact between wallets and with other coins. I have not made a purchase of a good or service with it. 
I can see a number of future possibilities for bitcoin or something like it, but none of them are simple substitutions of coin instead of fiat. Contrary to what many on reddit believe, we need fiat currencies. They are useful for some things and will not go away. But I can see bitcoin or something similar being useful in building geographically concentrated community. Ironically it is this community which allows continued interaction with that community when they are far away (think Mexican workers sending home $24 billion in [remittances from the United States]( The concept of "home" is not geographic to the United States; it is where their family and community is. Using crypto in a social group solves the problem of cheating on goods and services. You can do it, but you will lose face, and that is never worth it. What the distributed ledger is missing right now is a face; it is exactly the "anonymity" that it supposedly has that is one of its weaknesses. The more it is tied to individual reputation, the more useful and valuable it will be. 
It is the faceless nature of money that allows 2008 to happen. Obfuscated money allows you to sell whatever you want and if it turns out to be a lie, your reputation was lost in a confusing jumble of transactions a long time ago that the public will never make sense of. I am hopeful that creating a distributed system of "trustless" transactions will be able to hold people accountable. Perhaps that is its greatest potential use. 
@_date: 2017-06-17 13:37:25
If I need to pay a multisig service to arbitrate a transaction, why don't I use a bank? How does altcoin change my dependence on trusted third parties? The growth of the online marketplace where the participants never meet or confirm their identities and the growth of alt currencies seems to be a diverging efficiency. Even in the Silk Road saga, the founder was tricked out of some significant coin by federal agents. People can say "tough luck" all they want, but the system will not scale effectively if it is so unforgiving. What if anything is being done to address these things? 