@_author: dr__thunder
@_date: 2019-07-19 16:13:07
Awesome!  Thanks for the advise.  I will check that out.
@_date: 2019-07-15 23:22:46
I think samourai just released dojo this week so that you can host your own instance of the back end that powers samourai wallet.  I think this eliminates the concern people had of having to expose your public keys to their servers.
I use wasabi but I'm also planning on implementing dojo to my full node/lightning node.
@_date: 2018-08-10 01:31:07
I’ll give it a go, someone can jump in and correct me if I’m wrong. 
An ETF is basically something that issues shares, on a traditional market, that are representative of ownership of a portion of the ETFs underlying asset.  I’ll use gold as an example.  When you go to a broker and say you want to buy gold shares through an ETF, your broker (or you if you want to do it yourself) buys shares, let’s say 10.   Well, 1 share of this gold ETF is worth 1/5th a bar of gold.  So you’ve essentially bought 2 bars of gold with your 10 shares but you don’t have to go through the trouble of owning, securing, or procuring the actual gold itself.  You could probably have done it in your underwear while watching cartoons and feel safe that your investment is secure. 
To many people, this drastically lowers the barriers of entry of owning these types of assets.  
As more people begin to buy gold shares, the ETFs either have to stop issuing shares because all their underlying assets are represented by shareholders, or.... they have to begin buying more gold so they can issue new shares.  The increase in demand for gold shares causes these gold trusts to buy more gold so they can issue more shares and thus creat a higher demand for gold... and in turn increase the price. 
One ETF might not be this massive game changer everyone is thinking it will be but there won’t be just one bitcoin ETF.  There will be many.  People want to own bitcoin but they don’t want the trouble of actually owning it.  ETFs will facilitate ease of ownership and will increase demand. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:15:10
Ethereum is a separate project from Bitcoin.  They have a Blockchain completely independent from the Bitcoin blockchain.  Counterparty, on the otherhand, is built on top of the Bitcoin blockchain.  These two are going to be (are) competitors.  Both look to offer a lot. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 08:41:18
The most important thing about getting into bitcoin is taking your time to understand what you're getting into.  There really is no rush.  Bitcoin will still be here after you've taken the time to learn about it and there are a lot of great resources available to you.  You'll see a lot of people around here that are very excited all the time (you'll hear "to the moon" a lot) but it is important to look at your current situation and only put in what you would be ok with losing.
With that being said, you have so many wallet options!  Like someone already said, you can use different wallets for different purposes.  I personally use multiple wallets depending on what I am doing with my funds.
For my on-the-go spending money, I use a wallet called BitWallet for IOS.  I like it because of the ability to generate an HD wallet (does not stand for high definition) as well as many other great features.  Breadwallet is also a good IOS app that a lot of people like around here.  For android phones, Mycelium is definitely the way to go.  Blockchain.info (an online client) also has a mobile based app that I have had good experiences with (a lot of people may tell you to avoid them right now due to a bit of trouble they ran into with security recently, but they have been a fixture in the community for a while now and I still like them).
There's a guy around here (that does great write-ups on these wallets, if you see him around he can tell you almost anything you want to know.  
Other than the mobile wallets, there are also desktop clients.  The original bitcoin core client is very good but you have to download the entire block chain to use it (the blockchain is the public ledger of every transaction ever) and it is ~25 GB right now.  Wallets that require this are known as heavy wallets and can be a little much for first time users.  If you would like to start out with something a bit more manageable that I would suggest looking at electrum or multibit.  Both are lightweight clients and do not require you to download the entire blockchain and are very easy to understand and use.  Both have been around for a while and have good reputations in the bitcoin community.  
If you made it this far and want to start looking into other ways to secure your funds, hardware wallets are something worth looking into due to the high level of security they offer.  As of now, the main hardware wallet out there is the Trezor.  What it does is it takes your private key (the all important thing that allows you, and you alone, to spend/own your bitcoins) and stores it securely offline (similar to cold storage but without all the hassle of paper wallets).  You can then use your hardware device to authorize transactions you wish to make without having to have your private key exposed to a potentially compromised computer.
You mentioned coinbase as one you were looking at.  I would suggest that you purchase your bitcoins through them, but once you receive them, move them out of the exchange wallet to a wallet you control completely.  This will protect you from anything bad that may happen to the exchange.  In the bitcoin world, there has been more that one instance where exchanges have gone down, been hacked, or something.  Keeping your coins in wallets you control, and out of wallets based on exchanges, protects your coins from being lost due to factors that you either can't control or don't see coming.  
I only suggested a few but there are many more.  Since you're new, I'd suggest trying out multiple ones with tiny amounts of bitcoin and find one that you like and stick with it!
@_date: 2014-05-08 23:53:57
Honestly, BitWallet is great. I know you have to copy/paste the signed transactions but it really only adds about 5 seconds to the process.  Once you sign your transaction, the link you need to post your payment on blockchain.info is right on top of your signed transaction.  Copy, hit link, and paste.  It was much easier than I initially thought it would be. 
Plus, the interface is awesome. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:39:54
Excellent review!  I saw there was an update out and, since no one posted about it here, I'd help get the word out.  Very underrated wallet in my opinion and it just keeps taking steps towards improvement with every update.  But you're right, since it's not truly open source, I'll only be keeping a few hundred dollars worth on it. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:41:39
Not my app.  I'm just posting for visibility since I think it's a very underrated app. posted a very good review of the new features, including screenshots! 
@_date: 2019-11-08 17:01:52
Never said it did.  Just pointing out a minor historical inaccuracy.
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:20:25
Man, this seems to be the most annoying part for me right now.  I have been able to link my mobile wallet to my raspiblitz and it acts as a mobile controller for the node BUT only when my mobile device is on the nodes local network.  That's fine, as I understand it, I would need to set up a dynamic dns and port forward my router to be able to utilize this mobile feature outside my local network (assuming I'm not using TOR). 
The part I'm confused about is that I thought I should be able to open a channel with my lightning node from an app like eclair mobile or some other lightning client.  I haven't been able to at all.  I can open channels from my node to other nodes, but I can't open a channel from a mobile app to my node.  Not sure why.
@_date: 2019-11-09 16:39:48
Wasabi is great, I can't speak to other ones as I haven't tried them yet.  There's a lot of YouTube videos that walk you through the process and it's fairly painless.  One of the draw backs is that you have to have at least 0.1 Bitcoin to be able to going in the mixing process, though I haven't used it in awhile so it might have changed.  From what I remember, the more people contributing to the mixing pool, the less each person needs to put in to generate mathematically anonymous coins.
@_date: 2018-10-25 14:57:12
Is this not it???
@_date: 2019-11-08 13:50:31
Might want to brush up on your history a bit.  Hitler never had any kids.  He was married though, even if only for a few hours.
@_date: 2019-10-10 17:35:28
 
@_date: 2019-08-21 18:22:13
I was under the impression that mimble wimble removed bitcoins ability for scripts and thus would only ever be a side chain implementation to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-07 21:28:12
My dad bought a bunch of coffee beans using lightning and moon!
@_date: 2019-02-28 23:45:15
@_date: 2019-12-12 15:07:56
There's also eclair mobile.  LND is far from the only option.
@_date: 2019-02-28 21:25:54
I just used ln.pizza for the first time yesterday to test it out and order some pizza for some coworkers and I.  
I’m impressed.  The second I sent the payment I check my email and dominos had already notified me that I had made an order. 
My only gripe (a very small one) was that I had to sign 4 receipts when the delivery driver showed up.  Apparently the fiat payments made on my behalf were paid using multiple gift cards.    Even though I tipped in the app there was no indication of that tip other than that the total amount paid already included my tip.  I had to explain that to the delivery driver.  
5/7 will use again. 
@_date: 2019-04-25 16:00:49
I’ve also noticed a potential issue.  I initiated a transfer and the wallet has yet to recognize it.  The transaction itself has been confirmed but still not showing up in the wallet.  Maybe the wallet is waiting for more than 1 confirmation?
Unfortunately I had to leave for work before a 2nd conformation. Hopefully it’ll be there when I get back.  
Still excited for this wallet though, it’s still in alpha so I expect some bugs.
@_date: 2019-05-15 17:42:20
My understanding is that you have to log into coinbase though the moon extension.
@_date: 2019-05-15 20:35:22
Very cool!   I just tried it!