@_author: dr_cornwalis
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:34:09
I said ZANE!?
Do you acknowledge, that Bitfinex's plans to socialise what are essentially deposit box losses, is theft? Do you believe that a theft on such a large scale, should result in jail time for whoever is responsible for this 'theft'?
Quoted from the Financial Times:
"For the legal profession, however, the pivotal factor rests on whether the title of the lost bitcoin belonged to the customers or to Bitfinex when it was stolen. A secondary condition that must also be determined is whether the bitcoins were commingled or segregated when the theft occurred. The best legal precedent to date is that of the liquidation of Mt. Gox in February 2014 when nearly 850,000 bitcoins worth some $450m were lost. In that case the company was held accountable for losses because title had been transferred to the exchange and funds had been commingled. Victims are still pursuing their claims over the remaining estate. Lawyers say the situation in Hong Kong may be different. “With Bitfinex, user wallets were segregated. As a result, the relationship was seemingly more custodial in nature. In other words, the hack resulted in the theft of users’ property,” one lawyer specialising in cryptocurrencies told the Financial Times. If that is the case, the theft will have resembled a thief stealing contents from users’ safety deposit boxes rather than the contents of their bank accounts, meaning victims may not have legal rights over Bitfinex’s remaining assets and will have to bear the losses directly. **“This matters because in the bank account situation, losses are necessarily socialised whereas socialising deposit box losses would be theft,**” the lawyer added."
@_date: 2016-08-10 13:58:30
They are worthless IOUs from a sinking ship, compensating customers for actions taken by Bitfinex, which under the Hong Kong jurisdiction in which they operate, they absolutely no right to do. However, I can easily see it being argued at some point down the line, that user acceptance of these BFX tokens equates with acceptance that the debt to the customer has been settled. DO NOT TOUCH THESE TOXIC TOKENS!
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:14:07
No, they can't socialise losses. Totally illegal and amounts to theft.
Quoted from the Financial Times:
"For the legal profession, however, the pivotal factor rests on whether the title of the lost bitcoin belonged to the customers or to Bitfinex when it was stolen. A secondary condition that must also be determined is whether the bitcoins were commingled or segregated when the theft occurred. The best legal precedent to date is that of the liquidation of Mt. Gox in February 2014 when nearly 850,000 bitcoins worth some $450m were lost. In that case the company was held accountable for losses because title had been transferred to the exchange and funds had been commingled. Victims are still pursuing their claims over the remaining estate. Lawyers say the situation in Hong Kong may be different.  “With Bitfinex, user wallets were segregated. As a result, the relationship was seemingly more custodial in nature. In other words, the hack resulted in the theft of users’ property,” one lawyer specialising in cryptocurrencies told the Financial Times. If that is the case, the theft will have resembled a thief stealing contents from users’ safety deposit boxes rather than the contents of their bank accounts, meaning victims may not have legal rights over Bitfinex’s remaining assets and will have to bear the losses directly. “**This matters because in the bank account situation, losses are necessarily socialised whereas socialising deposit box losses would be theft**,” the lawyer added."
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:22:43
Zane. You seem to be implying here that if Bitfinex cannot cover the losses without becoming insolvent, that the losses will be individualised. i.e. Losses will be sustained by indivduals who were exposed to the BTC thefts. Is it not the case, that if Bitfinex cannot cover the BTC thefts themselves whilst remaining solvent, that Bitfinex will have to declare bankcruptcy, at which point, the losses will be socialised?
@_date: 2016-08-05 14:22:31
I never said that he said that. I said the he confirmed USD withdrawals, when the exchange re-enables withdrawals. Bottom line is, if you had only USD on the exchange, and it wasn't involved in any margin trade, then your funds are safe, and not liable for being drawn upon in any 'socialised' loss scheme that Bitfinex come up with. At the end of the day, these funds were not in some wallet that was hacked, but sitting in a bank account which was not robbed. I don't know this for certain, but it would probably be illegal for Bitfinex to simply redistribute customer funds, to repay debts to other customers. The company would have to go bankcrupt, and it would be the administrators job to then distribute funds to Bitfinex customers and other creditors. 
Bitfinex are choosing the route that poses least complications for themselves, and allows them to operate and not be insolvent. Namely, the customers who had BTC  in their accounts, or whose capital was exposed to BTC during the thefts, take full responsibility for the losses, which will be socialised amongst this group. Of course, I could see legal cases aplenty arising down the line regarding this. Some big hands with very deep pockets got burned here.
@_date: 2016-08-04 10:56:59
The language that has been used by Finex throughout this, with regards to 'affected accounts', suggests to me that the customers of 'affected accounts', will have to bear the full burden. I suspect the other route of 'socialised losses', would only occur if Bitfinex becomes insolvent, which they might have to do, should they admit or accept liability for the stolen Bitcoins. Seems to me, that whilst Bitcoin are admitting that the security breach was with them, I believe it is also in their terms of service that the account holders assume full risk in the case of hacks.
Hence, why they are putting the site back up online later on today but with no trading or withdrawing capacity. They are letting customers see whether their accounts have been affected. i.e had Bitcoin drained from them.
@_date: 2016-08-04 11:02:01
I have already had my Kraken account wiped out due to security breaches on their behalf. No talk of socialised losses there, and certainly no talk of the exchange accepting culpability. I am not going to stand for 100% individual losses on Kraken, where my account was affected, and socialised losses on Bitfinex, where my account will not have been affected.
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:03:25
# Number 1 suspect: Whoever was implicated in Bitfinex's requesting that BitGo tailor their standard security configuration, to a condition that facilitated this theft. 
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:16:21
BFX shares? U mean BFXcoin surely? Worthless fucking shit, in lieu of real BTC, that will be tradeable for pennies on the dollar over on Bittrex.
@_date: 2016-08-07 15:33:53
But it isn't a liquidation event and no court has decided that the entire assets of the company must be liquidated and the proceeds delivered to it's creditors. What Bitfinex is therefore doing, is arbitrarily dipping into customers bank accounts, to compensate those who had their valuables robbed out of Bitfinex's very shoddily protected vault, whilst providing no evidence that the assets of company stake holders are also being drawn upon in equal measures. Their is a very simple legal definition for this. It is called 'theft'.
Tell me Zane, is it Bitfinex's genuine belief that this course of action is actually legal? Is Bitfinex really consulting with genuine, corporate lawyers? Is this really the advice that they are coming up with.............or are you guys basically just winging it, trying to brush as much of the dirt under the carper as possible without paying too much attention to the actual legal framework of the environment that you operate within?
@_date: 2016-08-10 17:18:02
i never said there was proof.....but that is the one of the first things LE will look at, namely because it would be very common.
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:20:44
Most big jobs need a lil help from the inside. The last big Bitcoin heist, namely the MtGox rip off, was hailed as being a victim of a 'doublespend' hack. In reality, MtGox lost around 600 BTC due to the doublespend hack. The remaining 99% of the BTC were stolen, cashed out, and spent by Mark Karpeles.....1 year prison time and then back to his life of luxury and Japanese hookers.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:22:34
Great idea!
With just 2 hours notice, Bitfinex's VIP clients (who will be warned well advance), will have plenty opportunity to do what they have to do during 'Siberian Prime Time', whilst all the Joe Proles dotted around Europe and the US, get to wake up to either $100 BTC premiums on Bitfinex, or the exchange being pulled due to insolvency.
I will tell you, if I was one of your fucking crooked mates, this is precisely the option I would vote for.
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:01:30
Well, I am very pleased to say that this isn't the line that Bitfinex seem to be taking. Zane has confirmed several times by now that account holders with USD deposits will be able to withdraw by wire transfer when the exchange enable withdrawals again. Seems that the line that the exchange is going to take, is to assume all losses as being primarily the responsibility of the customer. That is exactly what Kraken done a fortnight ago. Bitfinex are not a bank. Account holders are not lending them funds as is the case with a bank, but simply entrusting Bitfinex to hold these funds on their behalf. Now that a huge proportion of these funds have been stolen. Bitfinex is facing the decision of likely insolvency, or simply passing the losses onto 'affected' account holders. And living to trade again, albeit at a hugely reduced capacity I would have thought. With that said, very likely that this thief will be caught sooner or later, and that a large proportion of the BTC will be recovered. BTC transactions are very traceable, and there will be a whole team of experts watching these stolen coin wallets like a hawk.
@_date: 2016-08-05 23:48:29
Difference between holders of USD and Bitcoin, is that there are laws preventing Bitfinex from simply raiding customers USD accounts to redistribute funds to other customers who suffered losses through the theft of other assets. That is the only reason why Bitfinex aren't talking about  a blanket socialisation of losses. Only way that this form of socialisation of losses would occur, which is clearly what anyone who has had their Bitcoin drained from their accounts is hoping for, would be if Bitfinex went bankcrupt. This attempt to segregate the losses to holders of BTC, and not accept any liability for the losses themselves, I am guessing is Bitfinex's attempt to continue to operate as a solvent business. The minute Bitfinex put their hands up and acknowledge the debt of the stolen BTC to their customers, is the minute that the exchange would likely be rendered insolvent, and in line for bankcruptcy proceedings......big players behind Finex certainly won't want that, at least not until they have got all their capital out of the business and safe from the administrators.
@_date: 2016-08-07 17:28:28
They got Hawaii Five-O on the case! But whilst Five-O are getting their hair done in the backstage in the dressing room, they got zanetackett out trying to placate the masses as the Bitfinex team work on the delicate part of their $70M heist.
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:06:02
Look fact is, BitGo have come out with a statement, saying that their system is safe, and this only happened on Bitfinex, because Bitfinex, their customer, asked for a specific configuration, which could then be exploited by the 'hacker' down the line. 
Question is, was this incompetence on Bitfinex's part, or was some degree of intent involved? You can bet your bottom dollar that LE will be looking closely at that.
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:26:28
I said ZANE!?
Do you acknowledge, that Bitfinex's plans to socialise what are essentially deposit box losses, is theft? Do you believe that a theft on such a large scale, should result in jail time for whoever is responsible for this 'theft'?
Quoted from the Financial Times:
"For the legal profession, however, the pivotal factor rests on whether the title of the lost bitcoin belonged to the customers or to Bitfinex when it was stolen. A secondary condition that must also be determined is whether the bitcoins were commingled or segregated when the theft occurred. The best legal precedent to date is that of the liquidation of Mt. Gox in February 2014 when nearly 850,000 bitcoins worth some $450m were lost. In that case the company was held accountable for losses because title had been transferred to the exchange and funds had been commingled. Victims are still pursuing their claims over the remaining estate. Lawyers say the situation in Hong Kong may be different.  “With Bitfinex, user wallets were segregated. As a result, the relationship was seemingly more custodial in nature. In other words, the hack resulted in the theft of users’ property,” one lawyer specialising in cryptocurrencies told the Financial Times. If that is the case, the theft will have resembled a thief stealing contents from users’ safety deposit boxes rather than the contents of their bank accounts, meaning victims may not have legal rights over Bitfinex’s remaining assets and will have to bear the losses directly. “**This matters because in the bank account situation, losses are necessarily socialised whereas socialising deposit box losses would be theft**,” the lawyer added."
@_date: 2016-08-10 11:56:29
They are clearly trying to avoid a mass exodus and/or give preferential treatment to VIP clients (who probably haven't taken any haircut), and want to be assured off red carpet treatment as they stroll out of the exchange with 100% of their BTC intact......once all the VIPs are out, then they allow the mass exodus, with Bitfinex trading at a large premium over other exchanges, and Bitfinex management shorting the fuck out of the market on OkCoin Futures.
I feel that the sooner that the regulators get involved here, the better. Get control of that exchange the fuck out of the hands of these incompetent crooks.
@_date: 2016-08-05 12:27:11
That little slip of truth from Potter will only be the tip of the iceberg. Anyone who has actively traded on Finex knows that shenanigans abound on that exchange.
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:55:04
I would prefer that Bitfinex went ahead with their socialisation of losses plan, in order that the operators off the exchange enter into criminality, in order that they get some jail time. It would also make pursuing them a lot easier, if it were to become a criminal matter, other than a civil matter.
@_date: 2016-08-06 17:45:29
But what about the millions that all the Bitfinex cockraoches have made inside trading against their own customers? Are any of those vast profits going to be set aside to bail out that perpetual sucker, Joe Bloggs?
@_date: 2016-08-03 21:41:20
So you think that someone like me, who wasn't robbed, cos I wasn't in Bitcoin, and cos I have never lent my USD out to margin traders, should have to stump up to those who were robbed? Having already taken 100% of the hit from the recent Kraken hack, I certainly don't see why the Bitfinex hack, where my account will not have been affected, should go the socialised losses route. Fortunately, it seems that Bitfinex are going down the route of 'you gave us your Bitcoins and we held them for you. The fact that someone stole them from us, is your responsibility.' Horrendous listening for those affected, but exactly what I had to put with on Kraken just a couple of weeks ago.....'your funds were stolen out from under our noses, but hey, it's your loss'. I will say again, I will be seriously fkn pissed off if on this occasion, where my account happened to escape the thievery, just so happens to be the occasion where the 'socialised losses' route is applied.
@_date: 2016-08-10 17:07:40
BitGo's statement, was more along the lines of none of their other customers being at risk, because they had implemented that standard BitGo security procedures. Bitfinex on the otherhand, required a more specific, and less secure, configuration.....
......that is what 'insiders' do. They either provide vital information, or they make sure specific security measures are out of action.
@_date: 2016-08-06 19:27:46
So why are you stealing that USD now?
(because that is what you are doing, stealing!)
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:10:38
Two Questions.
Do you have any knowledge of financial law?
Do you think it is legal to take it upon yourself to simply redistribute customer funds at your own pleasure?
"in the bank account situation, losses are necessarily socialised whereas socialising deposit box losses would be theft"
@_date: 2016-08-06 00:46:02
USD that has been loaned out to BTC margin traders, or that is involved in BTC margin trades, is no longer USD sitting on deposit in the bank. Same rules do not apply.
At the end of the day, Bitfinex can and will do what the fuck they want. At this point in time, their primary objective is as you say, to stay alive, and to do so in a way that results in the least of a legal quagmire. Thus Bitfinex cannot just go redistributing customer USD funds, which were not stolen, against the will of those customers. That is of course exactly what would happen should Bitfinex enter into bankcruptcy, but should Bitfinex opt to go down this course in the first instance, then they may as well just file for bankcruptcy now, as they would have much less of a legal leg to stand on, than they will when they turn around and tell all the holders of BTC on the exchange, "Sorry guys, we lost your BTC.......but you are all 100% responsible for giving us the BTC to begin with....erm....here are some Finexcoins to make up for it...go trade em on Bittrex or something" 
@_date: 2016-08-04 13:45:26
If Finex are going to socialise losses, then I expect the entire equity of the company to go towards covering as much of these losses as possible. i.e. bankcruptcy. The alternative is for Finex to turn around and try and say "sorry guys, but we lost your coins". That's right, "we lost YOUR coins". 
@_date: 2016-08-06 19:33:15
Indeed. Had my Kraken account robbed a fortnight ago, no talk of 'socialised losses' there, yet this time I won't have had my account robbed, because I don't hold BTC, because I don't believe in it or trust it, but Bitfinex have decided that they are going to take money that belongs to me, and give it to someone else, to cover thefts which could have only occurred on such a massive scale due to gross incompetence on their part, if not due to insider shenanigans. If Bitfinex are going to start taking from their customers, then that means filing for bankcruptcy. Anything short of that is basically theft on Bitfinex's part, and I intend to start litigation first thing Monday morning.
@_date: 2016-08-06 19:41:54
Shares of iFinex....great!
Shares of a company headed for almost certain bankcruptcy.
@_date: 2016-08-25 13:54:33
I wasn't lending any money there, but just had USD sitting in my account, yet the THIEVING BASTARDS at Bitfinex took my USD from me as well. I would also like to know when these fucking crooks are going to be up for some jail time......
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:36:29
Or another way of looking at it, is that everyone entrusted BTC and/or USD with Bitfinex. The USD was kept in the bank. The BTC was kept in 'segregated' wallets. The wallets were robbed. The bank was not robbed. Therefore those who had USD sitting in their Bitfinex accounts, still have their USD sitting in the bank. Those who had BTC in wallets that were emptied, have lost BTC. The only way this isn't the clear cut case, is if Bitfinex go bankcrupt. Otherwise, I don't give Bitfinex permission to use my USD, sitting safely in the bank, to bail out BTC holders who were robbed. I have already been fkd over on Kraken a fortnight ago. No talk of 'socialised' losses there and I will be extremely pissed if the socialised losses route just so happens to be taken in the instance where my account wasn't robbed.
@_date: 2016-08-04 11:09:18
Kraken kept a pretty low profile on it though, unlike Bitfinex. Perhaps the Bitfinex boys placed massive short positions on OKCoin Futures, thus it actually being in their interest to be 100% open about the thefts? Whilst Kraken have acknowledged that a 'significant amount of customer accounts were emptied', they have only done so through informal social media routes. There has been none of the massive 'We have been hacked' fanfare that this Bitfinex case has received. FWIW, Kraken accepted no responsibility for any stolen funds, and losses were 100% individualised.
@_date: 2016-08-06 10:07:57
Send out the 23 year old in his tin hat, armed with a big pile of misinformation to appease the public, whilst the Big Boys are busying getting all their wealth and capital out of the company, prior to filing for bankcruptcy?
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:18:06
No, they didn't do that. But they are doing exactly that right now. HTH.
@_date: 2016-08-07 16:41:46
Of course they aren't. They are just making it up as they go along and hoping that it works out in the end (for them that is). I on the otherhand, hope that it all ends in some jail time for a whole bunch of them.
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:22:13
Replace 'wallet inspector' with 'Mssrs Nicolle &amp; Devasini', and you might not be far from the truth.
@_date: 2016-08-09 00:16:00
Bitfinex are culpable for the loss of $65 Million worth of BTC and all Bitfinex's customers are taking a very heavy hit. Bitfinex now has to either be 100% provably transparent about everything, or a good proprotion of their burned customers are simply not going to believe or trust them, and the litigations and criminal complaints with LEs will continue to pile up. Bitfinex's little ruse of freaking out those people whose accounts were actually drained, may have worked a treat in bringing lots of people who thought they were going to lose almost everything, back onside like beaten dogs shown mercy by their master, after learning they were only going to lose 36%; but there are still a shit ton of customers, who shouldn't have had anything stolen from them, who are going to need a shit ton more appeasement that what Bitfinex have been offering up until now.
That is just how it is and failing some bunny being pulled out of a hat, I think it is likely that some individuals from Bitfinex (not yourself of course) are going to end up being prosecuted with criminal charges. Simply redistributing customer funds alone, when you have no permission nor legal authority to do so, would be enough for criminal charges to be brought...........unless of course all that shite about only British Virgin Island's legislation can apply to the actions of Bitfinex, really does apply in the real world, and BVI legislation is best suited to some barter n exchange economy.
@_date: 2016-08-07 08:26:12
Things have changed since I typed that. Finex are now going to socialise amongst all users. i.e. take money out of the accounts of users who were not affected by the theft, and distribute it to those who were. In essence, Bitfinex are going to commit a theft of their own. Yep....it's illegal, yep theft is still a crime, no matter what way you  look at it......get along to your police station now.
@_date: 2016-08-09 23:12:42
Don't touch your BFX!
Do that, and it can easily be argued that you accepted the BFX as payment for your lost, nay STOLEN USD.
Anyone who has the determination to litigate against Bitfinex here, should have a very strong case. Bitfinex will likely lose any civil action against any of their customers who opts to sue. I personally wouldn't want to go endangering that legal advantage by 'accepting' those BFX credits.
@_date: 2016-08-10 13:51:57
They will want as little traffic as possible for the opening. Expect the announcement to be made during Khazakhstan Office Hours.
@_date: 2016-07-27 18:46:08
I was using a very strong password fu77 0f ©h4r &amp; 1234567890's. But couldn't prevent Kraken themselves from logging my password could I? Kraken themselves are the theives. What other exchange DOESN'T operate at least an Email verification system as a bare minimum security precaution before processing an withdrawal? Only Kraken allows withdrawals without Email verification because of course, Kraken may have the passwords to thier customer's accounts, but in most cases, they will not have the passwords to their Email accounts.
