@_author: dr_imposter
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:56:30
If what you said is true, then I'm assuming you got sucked in by greed and not only invested more than you could afford to lose, rather you invested everything you had in a high risk investment.
You're a student. Take this as another lesson learnt. Don't make the same mistake in the future.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:57:34
Next time just go to a casino.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:32:36
Yea, I think most would want to keep their coins away from an exchange with a not so bright history. Many people here are either newer investors, day traders, those who trust other's too easily, and those just plain lazy.
I don't think the big losers are in fact the biggest losers. Most likely they were very early adopters with little initial investment, and would most likely have many coins elsewhere. The biggest losers imo are those who invested a significant portion of their savings into btc through mtgox and never withdrew.
@_date: 2014-06-14 17:57:28


Well almost everything in this subreddit is an opinion. Your job is to convince me that your opinion is closer to the truth. So,


How would this actually happen?
I will say that I believe the biggest thing that keeps bitcoin from crashing is greed. I also believe fans who are not in it for the money are a small minority. So yes bitcoin will likely never die as those people will still believe in it and use it. But, I think what keeps most people invested and its presence in media is the attraction towards large potential profits. You would thus need a major impact to scare some of these people off, which would lower the price, then more people sell, and it all crashes. But a major impact can easily be done by some big banks and/or the government. If either outlaws cryptocurrency, I don't think bitcoin can recover from something like that and there's no way the population would deem it more "legitimate".
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:18:11
Haha, you aren't truly free until you have nothing to lose. I fear how I will manage once I actually have a few bucks to my name.
@_date: 2014-06-14 11:50:53
Obviously you can't stop bitcoin unless you remove any trace of it from the internet, if that's what you mean.
But in terms of its success, considering probably over a billion rely on banks in some way or another, bitcoin is merely a wandering ant compared to many elephant sized banks. I'm sure they could crush bitcoin (and in turn, trust in any form of cryptocurrency) if they wanted and all we could say would be "gg santoshi, was fun while it lasted."
@_date: 2014-06-14 18:57:23
The government declares things illegal because it believes it causes more harm to society than good, society in your case being the "system". Murder is illegal so people can't go out killing freely. Drugs are illegal so kids can't easily access them. Counterfeit money is illegal so people can't take an unfair advantage. If they were to make crytocurrency illegal, they would deem it's existence to do more harm than good. And that is exactly the message that will be conveyed to the public, who will not hesitate to dump their bitcoins, no longer accept it as payment and the question in it's final value rests on how much holders are true fans and how many are in it to make money.
Ofcourse the libertarians and anarchists will have their views saying government is corrupt and only looks after itself, that we need bitcoin to get rid of these failing monsters, but what impact will that have? The public will not care. It's illegal so I'm not investing will be the general consensus.


Maybe not with one bank. But if multiple big banks, especially with governments backing, take a similar conclusive stance that all bitcoin transactions will treated with suspicion, I'd sure bet the vast majority of people invested will sell. And as discussed, making it outright illegal will exclude the vast majority of the population from bitcoins userbase, leaving its use in drug or illegal goods market, laundering money and other good stuff. Unless ofcourse you can convince the population that this is actually good news for bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:28:58
LOL. Was not expecting this!