@_author: dracler
@_date: 2014-10-13 20:15:52
And yet, in this case, there is no victim. There is no one claiming ownership of the devices, or of any profits from the devices. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 20:18:02
I hope it's fun playing with it! Have a cookie! @_date: 2014-11-11 20:22:39
Too skeptical! But here: Have a cupcake! @_date: 2014-11-04 16:10:08
I don't think this is accurate. There are lots of Wikipedia articles about notable mathematicians, physicists and others who I'm pretty sure almost no one has ever heard of outside their particular field of expertise. When searching for information about a topic, it's great to be able to find articles about people of note in the subject area.
@_date: 2014-10-16 19:50:36
Good luck! You're not alone in rethinking career interests in this climate! Here's an awesome smart @_date: 2014-11-11 19:50:29
I don't necessarily prefer ad-free content, (it depends on what I'm doing/reading), but I *do* wish I could control what ads appear and how, (which is possible to a large extent with ad-blocking extensions, but it can be tedious when ad-blocking software seems to be blocking content I want to see).  What if we could set a minimum "tip.me" price that advertisers could pay to show their ads? Maybe we could easily adjust this up and down according to how we feel at the moment.  For example, for 0.001 BTC, you can show me your ad. Otherwise, f*** off.  It would have to be integrated into some ad-blocking software.
@_date: 2014-11-20 08:31:13
Because I really expected you to buy me a new laptop or something -- because whatever I said was *that* awesome. Either tip me $1500, or just forget it, dude. Anyhow, have $2 @_date: 2014-11-04 14:59:46
I really like the concept of ChangeTip, and I've had good interactions with some of the people at ChangeTip.  I want ChangeTip to do well, and I hope "the mainstream" will start using it. 
I find that you are not a very good face for ChangeTip to be showing to the public, though. You are often defensive, dismissive, rude, when anyone attempts to make a criticism, or even questions anything about ChangeTip. It is unprofessional, and makes ChangeTip look bad. I hope someone else at ChangeTip is reading this, as I think I can be certain, from the tone and nature of your usual retorts, that you will not respond gracefully to this comment, or even hear it.  But someone at ChangeTip needs to hear it.
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:42:25
Currently "programmers," (whatever that means), make up a few million people perhaps. However, we are looking to the future here, and times are rapidly changing in such a way that the language of "programming" is becoming the language of science, (where it has historically been mathematics). In addition, as time passes, increasingly, knowing how to code -- to at least be capable to coding up a short sequence to fetch or organize data -- is a basic job requirement for almost any in-office job, or job that requires input to a computer.  
In everyday life right now:
"How much storage do you need on your USB flash drive?"
-- "I need at least 16 gigabytes."
"How fast do you need your internet download speeds to be?"
--"We need at least 50 megabits per second."
I don't want to underestimate how elite and special those with an understanding of computers and programing are... But times are changing rapidly,  children are growing up with a knowledge of what bits and bytes are, and I feel it won't be long before it's completely common knowledge/parlance.
Will the 5-year-olds of today be asking 10 years from now, "Who the hell had the brilliant idea to make the basic unit of digital currency a 'bit,'  that has nothing to do with an actual bit?"  
--"Oh it was just some old people who didn't really know much about computers..."
@_date: 2014-10-11 17:35:38
Bitstamp wants this too. So I don't use them.  They want it for "proof of residence," and for proof of identity purposes.  I this this stuff is an attempt to comply with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) Rule that resulted from the PATRIOT Act.   Financial institutions have a good deal of choice about how to implement this, and requiring scanned documents is *their choice* about how to satisfy themselves that you are not engaging in money laundering or terrorism. 
I think it has nothing to do with attempting to prevent identity theft   or with protecting customers. 
See:   
@_date: 2014-10-20 02:48:14
It became customary to refer to the currency/money as "bitcoin," with a lowercase b.  This was to distinguish it from the generalization, the blockchain, the protocol that on which bitcoin lives, the "Bitcoin" -- uppercase B -- protocol. Some refer to this as Bitcoin 2.0, for example, because there are vastly many -- mostly yet to be conceived -- ways to use the Bitcoin network to implement other revolutionary things having nothing directly to do with "money."  Or they may be related to money and finance -- why not? -- such as contracts, signatures, securities, stocks, publications, intellectual "property" (?),  charities, legal procedures, prescriptions for medications?, anything that can be signed or shared, internet-of-things, lots of stuff I cannot think of! 
@_date: 2014-11-05 07:50:06
Woops, that was not formatted at all. 
*Benson Farb  
*Curt McMullen   
*Peter Ozsvath   
*Bill Thurston  
*John Conway 
I could continue this list for a long time.
@_date: 2014-10-19 23:08:20
The technology industry's most visionary minds?  No. Clearly not.  "Until a U.S.  judge ... says, 'Here's how you think about enforcing contracts denominated in [some cryptocurrency],'  it doesn't really exist for the purposes of everyday life."  To give him the benefit of the doubt, I'll assume he means "contracts between U.S. citizens," and "everyday life in the U.S."   Because otherwise the flaws in his thinking are so profound there is little point even entertaining anything he has to say about it, "capital B or little b."    And yes, he has it reversed --- we usually refer to the Bitcoin protocol with an uppercase B, the currency with a lowercase b.  That's great that he sees there may be value to the protocol.  In particular, he might consider using his visionary mind to connect possible dots between the Bitcoin protocol and the creation and enforcement of contracts in ways that don't need a U.S. judge -- or any referee --  to voice an opinion.  The possibilities are indeed profound, and we have barely begun to envision the enormous positive global impact.  (Bitcoin is not in any way confined to the U.S. or owned by the U.S.; nor will its future be dictated by, for example, a U.S. judge.)﻿
@_date: 2014-10-17 18:22:07
I don't find coinmap credible anymore. There are businesses listed that absolutely do not accept bitcoin --&gt; or even know what bitcoin is. I don't understand how these businesses  got listed on coinmap in the first place.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:01:35
I agree with rmull, and especially with their second bulleted point, that bitcoin lives in the very space that already has a clear and ubiquitously used definition of the word "bit." We appear confused ourselves if we start naming a unit of digital currency a "bit."  
I also had the immediate reaction of wanting to retain the name "bitcoin," but perhaps redefine it to mean maybe 100 satoshis, maybe 100,000 satoshis, I'm not sure how we decide what size basic unit is most useful/helpful.  Spending 28,000 somethings for a $10 lunch makes the currency appear worthless to me.  Why, again, are we aiming for the unit to be in µXBT?
@_date: 2014-09-18 00:46:46
Aside from buttplugs, what about clothes, and books, and minecraft merchandise, and epicmafia tokens, and ebay items, and lots of things that I don't care who knows I purchased them. PayPal makes purchasing many kinds of things very straightforward, and if they integrate bitcoin -- along the lines of their premise that they want to allow people the freedom to pay with whatever wallet or card they choose -- then this will do a lot for making it easier for mainstream people to start using bitcoin, and seeing bitcoin as a payment option. We really need the bitcoin payment option to be ubiquitous, and paypal could help with that. (?)
@_date: 2014-10-12 19:13:26
Thank you for posting this! I certainly don't see his death as the salient point of his story... It was a terrible outcome, but the really important pieces of this story occurred while he was alive -- so alive -- and while he was making brilliantly perceptive observations, commentary,  and impact on this dying, fucked-up notion of who "owns" the right to have access to, or to limit access to intellectual/academic/political  information and communication.  One of the amazing and inspiring things that can be seen  from this story is that we *can* sometimes protect ourselves from powerful idiots.   
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:27:45
Beware! I ordered one of these but never received it. They confirmed that it was shipped and that I should have received it quite a while ago, but there seems to be no remedy if the device is not received. 