@_author: dragonsquaw
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:40:37
Wait to you are paying not just taxes, but a large percentage of capital gains on top of each purchase..... It may happen one day to a lot of BTC'rs. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:36:00
If you think about it, a person with the problem would never spend BTC on coffee. They would convert it to cash in large amounts, in one move. Only when they lost money on BTC acquisition would such a person use BTC for a transaction, which for some people is a non-event. While this might not be the bulk of people in crypto, it certainly maybe a whole lot more of us in the years to come. 
Think about it! In the future the BTC community might belong to three crowds - 1) those that merely cash out on BTC and never buy directly with it because of capital gains and easy tax issues; 2) those that ignorantly and/or criminally create a nightmare for themselves by spending BTC without ever paying attention to capital gains with thousands of future transactions; and 3) those that have no capital gains and can spend as much BTC direclty as they want at whatever vendor they like. 
Normally when people are taxed on currencies, they are merely taxed on the currency. yet with BTC we are taxed daily/hourly on its current value during each transaction relative the currency we are being taxed on. That makes things much more disconcerting, and likely will change consumer behaviour in the future drastically. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:26:58
It is straightforward but painstakingly alarming if you, for example, have to justify 200 coffees a year, plus many other purchases, all cross-indexed with how much BTC was worth on that particular hour/day. A computer algo would do it much more easily and honestly. 
When you think about it, this sort of issue might make one think twice about spending BTC. 
In the future I also belive, there will likely be a lot more people out there with capital gains, who even formerly bought BTC at $1500. I'm not arguing for this without a reason. I'm trying to help protect the BTC economy, by helping others spend their BTC and not get in trouble with the law. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:42:25
That's ok the IRS or whoever else will be there in the future, when you do make capital gains, to seize everything... 
@_date: 2014-09-16 02:19:01
Nice, I didn't know about those guys: "bitcointaxes.info"   
Regardless, I'm not going to be spending my BTC on coffee or everyday purchases like many do. I will be keeping things very simple, and transfering them directly into cash, when I'm done speculating with whatever amount. Wish I could be part of the rest of the BTC movement, but I'm more worried about the tax man. So for me it just speculation and then straight to cash in large lump sums that are easy to follow. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 13:10:34
Here is a list of the smartphones Bell Canada's service offers.... Apparently it only does Apple iPhone 6 models, and later versions of Android 3 models, if I'm correct. I find this funny because I'm still Using an Android Note 2, and Note 1, and therefore do not have access to such services potentially. Meanwhile my bitcoin wallet works fine on my 3 year old cell phone. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:38:48
That will be 60 cents of capital gains on your coffee..." Next hour, "that will be 62 cents of capital gains on your coffee..." ETC, ETC... 
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:05:17
he's likely referring to Murray N. Rothbard.. an author for the Austrian school of economics... he's such an oldie that he's dead. likely haven't watched this video yet, so that's my guess. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 23:55:44
in reality, few people will watch this video, and even fewer care. in reality, Bitcoin is all about capitalism, and might as well already belong to Wall Street and the usgov.org ... who are we kidding right? 
not disillusioned. just happy to acknowledge fact. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:10:43
it could be argued that Ripple.com has more transparancy and even democracy than Bitcoin.org's Bitcoin Foundation. It ain't enough to have decentralized coding. We need a decentralized Bitcoin Foundation, built from a bottom-up culture of social transparency.
Mere talk of Bitcoin revolutionary decentralized coding, with a centralized Bitcoin Foundation, makes me think of the USSR, with all of its promises of doing things for the people. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 21:28:25
Dead on... I vote for a social ecology slant... "the politics of social ecology: libertarian municipalism" by Janet Biehl et al... for a Bitcoin discourse on political praxis. 
a decentralized network, in and of itself, may not discover decentralized political praxis. we need decentralized ways of determining Bitcoin's future, socially and innovately, that is informed by history, and those willing to discover a future determined by our collective will, democratically, from the bottom-up...
that said, i agree with the post above. most anarchist associated with Bitcoin, are not informed by political theory, and they live in a political vacuum thinking that decentralized networking/coding will somehow take care of itself. It wont. 
Bitcoin is in danger of becoming owned by the Bitcoin.org's Bitcoin Foundation, centralized miners, and government bodies who wish to license it. While I am not willing to disown progress, or even capitalism or centralization idealistically, I do believe that we as a community need to make bitcoin more than just a computer network - but a decentralized political network without the potential for centralized stake holders in both mining and/or leadership calling all the shots. If we do not, we will wake up one day, and find out that Bitcoin is centralized, and owned by Wall Street. While I'm not against Bitcoin becoming centralized, I do fully recognize that this was never what Bitcoin was developed for by open source volunteers, violating the spirit of Bitcoin's protocol. 
Maybe there needs to be an open source way for Bitcoin to determine politically its adoptions and future, as opposed to forking off blindly in directions set by centralized stake holders. There aught to maybe be an open source way of programming that possibility. 
@_date: 2015-08-23 01:34:27
Sister, I don't mine..... Couldn't get a mining rig to work if I wanted to... Beyond that, I used to own a few bitcoin, but i cashed them into Litecoin, as soon as I couldn't fathom how this fork might work in the larger scheme of things in the future. 
Andressen might be cooperting with a lot of people, on another note. No clue. Who does? 
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:24:12
Are you saying that if Ripple.com was America, and Bitcoin.org was the USSR, that Ripple is more democratic and transparent as a Capitalist, than Bitcoin's Central planning ecosystem "for the people?" Where is your Marxist conviction comrade? Long live the Stalinist Central Programmers! Vote Bitcoin Foundation! Hail Lenin... I mean Satoshi! You need not know the difference between reality and propoganda... 
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:38:14
I think part of the transaction fees also need to start putting people on the payroll at the Bitcoin foundation; merely rewarding miners to keep the blockchain confirming transactions is not enough . A bitcoin voting structure, with some sort of democratic voting blockchain, might prove invaluable as way to pool resources towards a concensus based cryptocurrency with strong leadership. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 05:05:39
 i just sold all my bitcoin..... think that had to do with me only ever wanting to discuss what a fork was for with a very small child.... 
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:06:20
Or did you mean technocrats? 
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:31:13
If you look at anarcho-capitilist literature, or even anarcho-communist literature - or even social ecology literature - the likes of say murray bookchin - you will find that historically democracy was from the bottom-up, and formed larger, but less powerful confederacies the more central the planning. Yet with the Bitcoin Foundation, the only thing that is decentralized is the programming - there is nothing decentralized about the programmers or how things are coded, or how it is even run as an institution.  Capitalist corporations are likely way more democratic and transparent than what i have surveyed of the Bitcoin Foundation. Am i wrong? I think bitcoin should  adopt a scholar of decentralized political societies onboard, if it wishes to somehow surpass the vices of capitist society, to put its money where its mouth is so to speak. And that's likely just a start. The human element in the bitcoin foundation's decentralization seems to be completely absent. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 05:38:32
somewhat computer illiterate people like me have sold all bitcoin early, to avoid having to explain to anyone else, other than a very small child, what a fork is.... especially if its a hostile fork....
that said, i still believe in Bitcoin, and its goal to improve... I've just reinvested elsewhere. i just can't adopt bitcoin as my own personal investment at this time, as I can't rationalize its future. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:11:21
technocrats! 
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:15:17
1. Bitcoin is really good at decentralized networks
2. The Bitcoin community (if it can be called that) is terrible at political decentralization, democratically, from the bottom-up...
3.  &amp;  may need to be merged successfully, before Bitcoin is one day forked, and/or co-opted by anarcho-capitilists, and ultimately Wallstreet and the usgov.org.  
4. here is one road map, among many: "the politics of social ecology: libertarian municipalism." by Janet Biehl et al... 
Vinay Gupta is an intelligent guy. I think he might be very good for people to listen to. You can't divorce political theory and history from Bitcoin's future. You can go by smell, and anarchistic market corrections and decisions, but that ultimately forfeits any sense of real ownership/property or responsibility towards the world. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 22:19:08
Maybe there needs to be a Bitcoin voting coin. A 3rd coin, after Litecoin, for voting for decentralized cryptocurrency protocols.  as the video says above, until Bitcoin realizes it successful technically, but not politically, it is trapped. 
That said, I wouldn't want a mere yes/no coin. but a way to vote for leadership, technical experts, and a way to kick such people out - to have referendums - as well as to say yes/no to adoptions other than to fall into the problems associated with forks. 
You could for example, offer open source problems, and vote for technical expert solutions for adoption. You could do the same with leaders - while nurturing all kinds of various opinions and disagreements (that should be encouraged) that eventually get decided upon. You would need a website and maybe a blockchain coin to decide upon it all. 
there are problems with this of course. there are unlimited wallets and addresses, and I don't know how a Bitcoin network could ask for a fair vote, without having to identify a limited amount of people. I suppose people might have to register with the Bitcoin Foundation to have a say. 
i suppose transaction fees would have to pay for a lot more than just miners, as well... but Bitcoin Foundation payroll and political infrastructure.
For myself, this approach is problematic. but the alternative is that we might merely give Bitcoin over to central banks and Wall Street entrepreneurs. For that matter, Wall Street et al, might do it for Bitcoin, simply because they might already be more dynamic politically than Bitcoin ever has been. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:43:27
"To Remember Spain," by Murray Bookchin or "The politics of social ecology: libertarian municipalism" by Janet Biehl, are both good starting points for restructuring the social element behind the Bitcoin Foundation. That's if you truly believe in decentralized democracy. Where else are you going to be get historical examples? Code is not enough. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 05:40:00
i reinvested in another very popular cryptocurrency that also took a similar or worse dip: Namely litecoin and peercoin. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 22:40:30
Bitcoins current political praxis relies almost exclusively on "smell...."; which is not very evolved. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:15:37
Technocrats! What happens when you ignore technocrats?
it could be argued that Ripple.com has more transparancy and democracy that Bitcoin.org's Bitcoin Foundation. Mere decentralized coding ain't enough. 
We want a decentralized, from the bottom-up, Bitcoin Foundation! Otherwise, you are no better than the USSR, with all of its decentralized promises and plans. 