@_author: dragoonxnucleon
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:35:30
Really? Can they? In order to so it would cost them massively. We're talking hundreds of thousands in fees daily, and to what end? Last I checked rich people don't just flush their money or they would quickly become poor people. Over the holidays there was a huge interest in bitcoin and fees went up because there wasn't the capacity, and tech, to handle the load. Now it's clearing as the price and fees have come to reality.
@_date: 2018-01-09 01:37:59
A recent episode of planet money podcast estimated the amount of forever misplaced bitcoin at around 40 billion usd if I recall.
@_date: 2018-01-22 04:19:31
People use terms like attacking the mempool and all sorts of other aggressive terms, but I don't understand why. The very design of the mempool is that people pay for expedience. If someone so desperately wants to transact they will pay 2k sat then isn't that a good though for the currency because people are using it for important things and paying to keep the network running?
In order for a mempool attack to really take shape it would require multiple parties making many meaningless transactions for the purpose of stalling the pool. First, that is literally flushing money. Second, what is someone's end game for doing that? To get their own crypto to win? Wouldn't someone do the same damn attack back to their crypto? Third, couldn't this be pretty easily forensically proven since the transactions are in the blockchain. It would leave a pretty obvious back and forth pattern between those wallets. I'm skeptical of these big bad monsters flushing transaction fees.
I think we need to look to simpler answers like bad software which negotiates bad fees to unwitting traders.
@_date: 2018-01-10 05:33:30
Dude. Dude. I watched the second video as you recommended and that seems like an insanely intelligent system. It would seem that the key to fraud prevention is the thousand block deterrent. As long as the software that we use is built correctly to notify us of fraud attempts before those thousand blocks pass then it seems very safe.
@_date: 2018-01-09 01:35:55
The piece I don't get about off chain transactions, doesn't that kill the security and safety of bitcoin itself. As I understand it the blockchain itself, once verified, is the standard and cannot be forged or stolen. Once we start doing larger amounts off the blockchain, don't we give up all the benefits of the blockchain? What's the key part of this I'm missing. What prevents a bad channel from stealing our coins?
@_date: 2018-01-18 06:40:08
Ok so walk through this... If he did sell before the announcement, but the announcement was bogus, then the only intent is to buy the dip. Usually these presales are done because of impending bad news, but there wasn't bad news. This just sounds like classic psychological market manipulation in order for him to snap up some cheap btc.
@_date: 2017-12-24 21:50:33
Right now the cost of laziness is less than the price of action. So instead of paying high fees, people hodl. If faster adoption of new tech is needed then the incentives need to encourage that. If segwit transfers paid lower fees then people would start switching, maybe. Right now the incentive for coinbase to Segwit is people leaving their platform, to what? It's the same reason people don't leave bofa or wells Fargo, convenience.
It costs time and effort for people to leave an exchange and move to another. The savings someone gets must be more than cost or people won't do it. Just look at the shit wells Fargo does, and their customers aren't leaving. It costs them $0 to move, still they don't.
We cannot ignore human nature and pretend everyone will start acting optimally.
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:40:07
Well... In a limited supply system. The destruction of money will increase the value of the others. As long as your able to trigger a non linear relationship, you profit. In example if someone suddenly destroyed 10000 btc, could it trigger a panic and cause prices to surge up such that their remaining portfolio gains the usd value greater than 10k btc.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:46:27
Short answer is in distributed systems no one can just demand change. Long answer is that the community has not coalesced around upgrade pathways. Right now upgrading the fundamentals of the protocol is ad hoc and messy, it doesn't have to be. Its clear over the past year that enforced protocol upgrades implemented over time to give devs and companies time to update. Right now not updating has no direct consequences on companies but consequences for consumers and until that changes hoping companies do the right thing is foolish, after all if companies did the right thing for consumers btc wouldn't need to exist.
@_date: 2017-12-27 05:45:45
Regarding the number of currencies, you could spin your argument to fiat. There is nothing stopping you from starting a country and issuing a currency. There are hundreds of fiat currencies right now. The value comes from trust in the system.
Therefore, while anyone can start a currency is meaningless unless enough real people put value into it, and that requires public relations, marketing, technology and security. Right now it's not clear what ratio is correct.
If we look at many major tech players most of them weren't first. Facebook wasn't first, Google wasn't first, YouTube wasn't first... What they were is best at the time of market concentration. Are their better options to the 3 I mentioned, likely but if you start you Are competing against them. When they first started their competition was the same size or larger than them. All likelihood says crypto follows the same path. There will emerge 5 or so coins and then the market will coalesce around 1 to 3 of them. Anyone telling you they know which coin it will be is stupid or lying.
@_date: 2017-12-27 05:35:44
Hitchens razor, arguments presented with no evidence can be dismissed with no evidence.
Basically if someone's spewing shit, we don't need to refute their claim, counter their argument or any effort from our side. They have to prove the argument they make before  a logical person should spend anytime fighting it.
@_date: 2018-02-04 05:23:26
So devil's advocate here, how does one if it really is 100% open source? Is it the companies statements or has someone reverse engineered a trezor in order to ensure it's running exactly what it should be running?
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:53:56
Fascinating stuff. It really gets to the core of bitcoin as to whether it's a moral strategy vs an economic strategy. In the feather forking example at 20% hashrate, other miners financial incentive is to censor, while their moral incentive will to not censor.
At that moment what are we? Are we doing this for profit, or for the good of the world. As we've seen in all financial systems the answer is obvious, profit. If the incentive of doing things one way equals more profit, it will be chosen despite the objections of the founders and original evagenlists.