@_author: drakerun
@_date: 2016-05-08 03:27:00
Even if the PGP key was backdated, it would not prove that Craig did not have the knowledge and capabilities to create Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-08 13:15:24
The point is that there's more ways to prove something than a cryptographic proof... Nobody required Ross William Ulbricht to cryptographically sign messages to confirm that he was Dread Pirate Roberts, because there was enough other evidence.
Even if Craig would have provided cryptographic proof, there wouldn't be anything preventing some people from thinking that Craig hacked into the real Satoshi Nakamoto's computer and stole his private keys.
@_date: 2016-05-08 12:37:43


@_date: 2016-05-08 03:37:15
Even if the PGP key was backdated, it would not prove that Craig did not have the knowledge and capabilities to create Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-07 23:24:34
I don't get why people insisting on cryptographic proof that Craig Wright is the main part of Satoshi Nakamoto. I mean the leaked emails in which Craig is mentioned. His understanding, motivations and reactions are convincing enough, even without cryptographically signing anything! 
I mean, Is it really that hard to understand if a person wants be left alone and being able to work instead of being in front of cameras all the time, and only wants to reveal himself because pressure caused by the leaked emails and the threats to his friends, family and staff, but is too afraid for the consequences of revealing that he is Satoshi Nakamoto?
"The social evidence, including his unique personality, early emails that I received, and early drafts of the Bitcoin white paper, points to Craig as the creator. I also received satisfactory explanations to my questions about registering the bitcoin.org domain and the various time-of-day postings to the BitcoinTalk forum. Additionally, Craig's technical working knowledge of public key cryptography, Bitcoin's addressing system, and proof-of-work consensus in a distributed peer-to-peer environment is very strong. " - Jon Matonis (Founding Director at Bitcoin Foundation).
"During our meeting, I saw the brilliant, opinionated, focused, generous – and privacy-seeking – person that matches the Satoshi I worked with six years ago. And he cleared up a lot of mysteries, including why he disappeared when he did and what he’s been busy with since 2011. But I’m going to respect Dr. Wright’s privacy, and let him decide how much of that story he shares with the world." - Gavin Andresen (chief scientist at the Bitcoin Foundation)
When asked about Satoshi Nakamoto:
Q:Why did you feel the had to come out or why do you feel you have to keep it secret for so long?
A:"I would prefer to be secret now. I don't think I have to be out there. There's nothing owed to the world where I have to come out and say I'm X, I'm Y. I mean, no one needs to do that. It is my right not to say something. If I release a paper that benefits people, why do I have to take credit for it. Why do I? I don't have to bounce around TV cameras. I wanna work, I wanna keep doing what I'm doing. I don't work and invent and write papers and code by coming in front of TVs. I don't want money, I don't want fame, I don't want adoration. I just want to be left alone." - Craig Wright
Q:Why have you decided to identify yourself as Satoshi Nakamoto?
A:"I didn't decide. I had people decide this matter for me. And they are making live difficult. Not for me, but my friends, my family, my staff. They want to be private. They don't want all of this affect them. I don't want any of them to be impacted by this. There are a lot of stories out there that have been made up. I don't like it hurting those people I care about. I'm going to do this once and once only. I'm going to come in front of that camera once and I will never ever be in front of the camera ever again for any TV station or any media, ever." - Craig Wright
@_date: 2016-05-07 23:14:13
This post is bullshit. That is clearly not what Craig Wright wants. See interview 
"I'm happy where I am. I am not looking for money. I don't want money. I don't want help. (...) If anyone puts me up for awards or anything like that, I will never ever accept a cent, ever! If you put me up for a Nobel Prize, if you put me up for an ACM turing medal, if you put me up for some honour, I will never accept a cent from any of you." - Craig Wright
@_date: 2016-05-08 12:52:53
His papers and work are about economics, security, cryptography, so he is a good match for Satoshi. Everyone can choose which papers he/she publishes under their own name or a pseudonym. I don't see a problem with that.