@_author: drakino
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:49:44
Uhh, wat?  So they only way in was for them to break the rules, so that makes it okay?
There are plenty of examples where Apple's App Store rules were indeed too restrictive.  Apple even admits their rules are more of a "living document" open to change, then a hard line in the sand at all times.
And guess what helped change some rules in the past.  Companies and developers working with Apple on a compromise of some sort.  Not flaunting the rules to the point of breaking them intentionally.
Blockchain could have tried to find a compromise on the payment side, like many other companies have.  Paypal, Square, etc all have managed to work with Apple to get their payment systems into iOS legitimately.
Instead Blockchain decided to break a rule Apple has in place from a security perspective.  Apps that change what they do and morph after review means that an uncontrolled app is allowed to exist in the ecosystem.  For Apple and their goals of iOS, this is bad.  You may not agree with this, but it's Apple's right to put these policies into place, just as it's your right to not participate in their ecosystem.
Yes, there are times where a revolution and upending of all the rules is necessary.  And there are also times where basic compromises and discussion will lead to a better and quicker result.  This situation fits into the later category.
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:55:51
Yep, that's the one pulled because the app changed behavior after review.  
@_date: 2014-01-01 19:19:42
Location was a stand-alone component of the OS though in the past.  To the point Skyhook was replacing it with an aGPS layer with more features.
In Android 4.4, the browser was also axed on the ASOP side.  
These changes come with no announcement either, just a surprise when it ships.  That to me is one big reason I don't consider it open source compared to others.  Especially considering the open nature of Linux kernel development and most of the distros.  I can have earlier then release access to the latest Red Hat distro to make needed changes and provide feedback.  Android?  Surprise, if you want 4.4, but not Google closed code, go write your own browser.  Thats not open.  Open source also means open development in my mind.
@_date: 2014-01-01 20:27:45
This story (not this exact link though) is what I saw about the Browser situation.  And I suppose I wasn't paying attention to the right places if "everyone" knew this was coming.


Why?  Developers of iOS get early access to betas of iOS, and are able to submit feedback.  Developers of Windows get the same.  But an "open source" OS can't be developed in the open?
I lived through the era of Microsoft seemingly playing nice, but really being pretty evil with their control.  What bothers me about Android the most is I see similar.  The Skyhook situation a few years ago, and now forcing OEMs to license Chrome just rubs me the wrong way.  Seeing more and more of the APIs for Android slip into Google Play Services does too, similar to Microsoft embracing Java then pushing the devs into J  Or smacking down OEMs for simply using a non MS browser on their intranet.
Fair enough point I may be mixing "open" and "open-source".  It mostly comes also from the era of the 90s and Linux, and the two often were joined.  Google's moves to me harm open source by not being open in other ways.
@_date: 2014-03-11 22:26:25
This is the wrong approach though.  Going in and violating the existing rules to bypass another isn't going to win anyone there to the Bitcoin cause.
The community sees a need for Apple to change their stance.  This is perfectly acceptable.  Developers working on Bitcoin, along with the organizations supporting the currency need to get a proper dialog going with Apple's developer relations.  Iron out why they are blocking full wallet apps under the "does not comply with regional laws" and find a mutually agreeable way to proceed.  Apple openly admits their app store rules are more of a living document that will evolve and change as needed.
Spreading tons of bad press, while omitting the part of how these developers are acting isn't helping at all.  So many of these articles invent reasons why Apple is blocking apps, instead of doing their job as journalists and getting real answers.  All of it makes the community seem childish at times to those on the outside.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:42:16
Awesome, thanks for the tip :)  Been meaning to get my doge wallet all set up proper, this is now my official reason to do so.
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:32:23
They'd only do that if he lied about his podcast being clean, while making it NSFW.
Kinda like how the Blockchain app acted like a completely different app while in review, then changed once it was out in the store.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:31:42
More open like ASOP Android I assume you mean, and not Google Android.  Since if you mean Google Android, their definition of open is:
Where companies get threatened behind the scenes for integrating with an "open" system [Skyhook](  Where developers don't even get beta access to an OS release before the public does.  Where critical parts of the OS keep slipping out of ASOP and into the closed Google part (location is now in Google Play Services, etc).
If you really want open, try Firefox OS.
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:27:20
"political monopoly"
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:26:18
Indeed it's not that simple.  Because Apple tends to treat people who violated their rules just like our justice system does.  If you speed and get your license taken away, it takes time before it's reinstated.  Just as with the app store, it takes time before they are willing to work with someone again after breaking rules.
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:29:30
Citation needed on this one.  The ones I were aware of were pulled due to the apps changing functions after the review period.  Any app, not just bitcoin ones would be pulled due to this.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:13:38


Please point me to where I can see the source code for the Google Play store, any Google Play service API such as location, or Hangouts which replaced the ASOP SMS app.
Google may be more open then Apple, but to call them an open source company is amusing.  If you really want an open source phone, I'd recommend checking out Firefox OS.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:55:08
Uhh... So it's Apple being anticompetitive when a user opts into an Apple service, and doesn't opt back out when they change platforms?  Apple even provides guidelines to users on what to do in this case.
@_date: 2013-12-31 09:04:20
Apps would be a different situation.  More and more of the system level services once in the AOSP side are being pulled into the closed side.  And the pace it's happening is accelerating with no signs of slowing or reversing.  
If it were just apps, I would be far less concerned.  But it started with the system level assisted gps and location layer 2+ years ago.  It's getting worse with all the new advancements in that layer alone now exclusively in the closed Google Play Services.
@_date: 2013-12-22 17:02:21
Not everyone has to bring platform wars/politics into every aspect of their lives.  And not everyone is hyper polarized about their platforms/politics.
As usual, those towards the extremes seem to be loud at times.  While many others just use what they like/support who they like without screaming about it.
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:15:27
Exactly.  Never use the same e-mail address for anything worth securing.  It makes spotting fake e-mails so much easier.  Plenty of options out there to do this, from the RFC standard of a + in the address (user+whatever for example) to full on multiple addresses tied to the same account.
Been using a unique e-mail per service since 2001 personally.  Lets me know when an email database has been hacked too.  For example, just started seeing spam this month to an address provided to Creative Labs a few years back.
MMOs were big targets for a while.  Used to see tons of attempts to make me think my WoW/Eve/Rift/whatever new MMO account was in need of attention.  Always turned out to be a hack of a site like Curse gaming.
@_date: 2013-12-30 16:07:09


Which would mean people need to also avoid Google Android.  More and more of the platform is closed off with every release.  Been getting worse since the Skyhook issue 2 years ago: 
WebOS was a good open choice.  Firefox OS may be with some more work.  But I just have to laugh when people point to Android phones as the "free and open" solution.  It's just slightly less closed then iOS/Windows Phone/Blackberry.
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:52:36
My personal e-mail is on my own hosted server instance.  The terms for getting on it require being my friend.  Nice thing is that since I don't host many people on it, we all have 1 letter aliases to make the unique addresses shorter.
I got tired of trying to rely upon ISP provided POP3 servers, and also didn't like how the free e-mail providers back then often converted to fee based.  Friend and I decided to just host our own IMAP server and we bought a domain.  Been running it since.  Initially hosted off my home broadband connection, then a friends colo server, and now a VPS.  Went through 3 iterations of machines at home before the colo.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:53:39
Feed Flipper will generate a valid podcast RSS feed from an iTunes hosted podcast: 
As a general tech user, I'm appreciative that a large company like Apple supports the medium.