@_author: drakee
@_date: 2017-11-11 03:23:54
The point is that it's smartest to be discreet about how many Bitcoin you own. Whether you are the target of robbery or kidnapping or extortion specifically is kind of beside the point for me.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:20:18
Are you really arguing with me that it's not safer to keep quiet about how many bitcoin you own? I'm not saying you're guaranteed to get robbed, but people have definitely been targeted for their Bitcoin. 
If you disagree, then by all means don't listen to my advice; I really have no dog in this fight. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:44:18
People can be and are targeted for their Bitcoin, sometimes by sophisticated hacker groups using NSA toolsets combined with social engineering. Kidnapping isn't the main issue, although in some countries kidnapping is much more of a threat than others (known millionaires such as Warren Buffet or Mark Cuban aren't usually targeted for kidnapping, because of their high profile, but some random guy who won the lottery or posted online that he has a million dollars worth of Bitcoin? More likely). One can't be too careful, and the threat - while perhaps statistically not probable today - is anything but laughable.
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:42:49
I was recently at a blockchain conference where a speaker told us he had just been hacked by a group who coordinated physically stealing his laptop from a locker while hacking his phone and all his social media and Google accounts using a sophisticated toolset, all within minutes. 
They took all of his crypto except for bitcoin, which was spared only because he kept his BTC in a hardware wallet. Why might you ask was this person targeted, instead of a random grandmother or grocery store clerk? It was because he was a bitcoin evangelist who tweeted every day about crypto and ICOs; it was easily discernable that he owned a huge store of crypto assets, which is why the criminals decided he was worth their time and energy. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:24:00
His laptop was password protected. They attacked all of his accounts so that he couldn't easily report to any one account that he was hacked. I am thinking that they took his laptop to prevent him from easily accessing his other accounts. Also physical access to his laptop gave them a chance to get to his wallets, in the case that his passwords and private keys were on his computer (if his hard drive was not encrypted then it's easier to get to them, even without knowing his laptop password). He lucked out somewhat because they were so busy trying to crack all of his accounts that they neglected to change the passwords on some of them, so he was able to lock them out of some.
This all happened within minutes, and he was only alerted to this because t-mobile sent him notification that his password changed. The point here is that he was targeted because of his online presence in crypto circles; if he was a Bitcoin millionaire but never told anyone, this probably would never have happened. The coordinated attack was executed within minutes and was a multi pronged effort. Even if they were not successful, it was a wake up call to me that you can never be complacent, and that it's never a bad idea to keep quiet about your Bitcoin balance.
The difference between crypto holders and traditional millionaires is that we don't have any traditional protections in place. If someone steals your friends' credit cards, they can petition the banks and credit card companies and will ultimately get their money back. If someone steals our Bitcoin, we will never see that money again. That's why we need to be 10x more vigilant than "normal" people.
@_date: 2017-10-24 15:40:31
Another example: 
Do you think it's a coincidence that this guy was targeted and had millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin? Again, I'm not saying that you will definitely be hacked if you post online about all the bitcoin that you own, just that you are increasing your chances. 