@_author: dramatic_firefighter
@_date: 2018-09-13 10:05:09
It's like buying a Hyundai or a BMW. One is more expensive but ends up being more useful and can be resold for much more if you ever choose to.
I think Apple is going a little overboard with it's product line. These aren't really the kinds of phones that most consumers can afford. Not saying that they won't take a second mortgage out on the house just to show their neighbors their fancy new device, but most rational consumers will pass this by. Unless of course they bought bitcoin several years ago, then it's definitely cheap. Everything is cheap then. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:44:16
Yeah it's very easy to tax if you want to use it. The reason why all of this KYC came into practice is so that governments can have a record to draw on if they ever need to. At the moment none of the exchanges are reporting to tax authorities, but once it moves more mainstream, like ETF's and other investment tools, it will also be mandatory to be taxed as well. 
In 10 years we won't need local currency, but that doesn't mean the governments won't let us take their fingers out of the pot. There will be some form of taxation, and they will make sure that we pay for it one way or another.
@_date: 2018-09-02 10:29:17
Well it's hard not to be enthusiastic if you've got such a fantastic solution. It's great to hear that some progress is being made in terms of transaction speed because that's been a major hangup for Bitcoin adoption. No merchant wants to have to manually check every single payment, it's just ridiculous. Once this get proven then more and more people will start experimenting with adoption, maybe even commerce giants like Amazon and Walmart.
This is the kind of solution that could send Bitcoin on another bull run as well. If it gets proven as functional, people will rush to buy it again in hopes of it becoming a widely used currency.
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:46:49
Yeah exactly! It's turned into another get rich quick scheme as everyone thinks they can spawn money from it. The whole underlying concept of Bitcoin and the principle of decentralized exchange is being ignored. 
That's another negative effect of getting picked up by the masses. The vampires at wall street sink their fangs into it to turn a quick buck, and then everyone and their assistant is suddenly buying it too! Oh well. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 16:34:24
More clickbait and nonsense. I can't believe the quality of thinking that goes into these articles. Sure, maybe 79% of people know about bitcoin, but that doesn't mean they want anything to do with it. Nor does it mean that the price is going to the moon! There's absolutely no cause and effect here.
Lots of people still think that bitcoin is dangerous to invest in. They're led to believe by mainstream media that it is risky and they can lose all of their money. Although you never know, if you're careless anything can happen.
@_date: 2018-09-08 12:53:50
That wasn't confirmed, they said it in the article. 
In the local currency it was certainly, mainly because the Iranian Rial is quite low right now, around 42000 per dollar.  
There must be an incredible demand over there to be driving it up this much. After this mining news, everyone probably thinks that they can preserve their wealth using Bitcoin and are trying to buy it, no matter what the cost. Even a 30% commission isn't a problem if you consider the 185% inflation rate!
@_date: 2018-09-11 10:55:22
I did ask what she meant by that, and she said there are no laws to protect the users, so it is risky. Then she said she understands these things because she's a lawyer. So I just shrugged and said, sure. 
Beliefs about money are pretty entrenched in people. Especially when it comes to Bitcoin, if someone is afraid of it or thinks it to be too dangerous, you can't really convince them otherwise. They have to learn for themselves, and any kind of discussion about it doesn't often get very far. Oftentimes a firm belief about Bitcoin being dangerous goes hand in hand with a firm belief in the protection our current financial system gives us...
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:31:20
Yeah when you put it that way... Us silly consumers never notice how much burden we are with our plastic cards. I personally see cards as cumbersome and a waste of time. There's nothing more efficient and practical as cash, and yet countries like Sweden have nearly done away with it completely. I guess people are still paranoid about losing the money.
10 minutes is nothing if you think about it. There's no reason not to use bitcoin, other than the terrible publicity that the media give it...
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:18:18
People might call me crazy now, but while the local currency is busy losing value faster than we can count, I'm putting whatever I can into Bitcoin. It's on a discount right now everyone! 
Had a funny conversation with a lawyer the other day. She said that Bitcoin isn't safe because she's a lawyer. Couldn't quite follow her logic there, but I think it was something like "I have no idea about it so I'm just going to judge it as dangerous and move on". Good luck with hyperinflation.
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:18:42
Yeah much better. I was struggling to think of a car that matched usability but you nailed it. I'm not sure Kias are fun to use either, but I guess they give you more flexibility in terms of what you want to do with them and maintenance. I was just thinking resale value.
Actually I've been using Apple products for nearly 10 years now and don't have complaints about restrictions. I know perfectly well that I can do much more on an Android, but I feel like the operating system is a bit clunky. The boundaries that Apple works within is fine for me. It's also really good for design (more so on the computer though)
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:36:00
The license to revoke money... our all knowing, all seeing government can do whatever it wants! It can squish you like a little bug if it so desires!
But most people aren't even worth the government's time. They're too busy dealing with real disruptors and terrorists to bother with some fool like this on Twitter. This is the very reason Twitter was created. It's a good channel for troublemakers to waste their energy through and think they are causing a revolution. Good luck!
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:04:14
She may be accepting Bitcoin... haha
Now we need one of those posters with the soldier pointing at you and asking "have you enlisted in Bitcoin?" like the Soviet one back in the October Revolution. Or the "we can do it" woman's movement during the war (which one was it again?). Instead of a woman flexing her arm, it could be her holding a Bitcoin symbol.
These things are cool ideas to get people to pay attention. People like these kinds of things. Start the revolution through street art!
@_date: 2018-09-15 06:33:47
Bitcoin will not become the global reserve currency as long as the powers that be still have a say in the financial system.
They will not want a currency that is beyond their control to be in the center of all trade. In fact, there probably will be no reserve currency in the not so distant future as more "baskets" are rolled out, such as the IMF SDR basket which includes dollar, euro, franc, yuan, etc. 
The IMF will want to be the ones who determine the next global currency. They will probably imitate crypto in the sense that it will use blockchain and be fully digital, but it will not be decentralized.
@_date: 2018-09-09 08:44:05
Ah yes that's right, because of capital controls. It's really hard to get your hands on foreign currency on the ground right now. I can't imagine that, you would feel like you're pinned against the wall. So buying bitcoin doesn't seem so bad after all. 
Turkey still has access to foreign currency exchange, although I did hear that the banks are no longer allowing customers to open foreign current accounts. Venezuela and Argentina have blocked all exchange I believe, and I'm not sure about other countries. But things are starting to appear quite dire in emerging markets.
@_date: 2018-09-04 13:36:56
Very good points. This problem is perpetuated by the social attitude of having a piece of plastic that covers it all. That's also part of the reason why terrible spending habits have emerged and you see people spending beyond their needs. I've got a friend who emptied his bank account at least once a month and then cursed because he could've sworn that there was more money in there.
It's about the mentality. We see certain payment techniques as more practical or useful than others so we turn to them in a collective spending orgy. Then we don't even notice the effects until it's too late.
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:21:33
Yeah I guess Goldman took another cheap shot at it... they said something about not offering it on their trading desk. Strange how bitcoin responds so quickly to anything Goldman says, but doesn't respond to things like this, or when the NYSE owner talks about adoption. They must be piling on the shorts like lemmings jumping off a cliff. 
This lightning boost is exactly what will give bitcoin the power to kick down the doors of finance. Once it's more liquid, more businesses will want to accept it for payment.
@_date: 2018-08-31 14:10:36
Well most people who are experiencing the terrible feeling of their money turning into toilet paper are not exactly thinking about Bitcoin. They might want to use it to get money out of the country if their government is restricting FX purchases, but a lot of people are still quite uncertain about it because of the volatility and risks involved with hacks or loss, so they just use it to buy dollars or whatever else.
Emerging markets are going through tough times for sure, but look at the NASDAQ. It posted the biggest daily gain yesterday since the .com bubble nearly 20 years ago. Money flows out of EM, and into tech. Some might hide in Bitcoin for a while, but it's still a grey area because people don't have enough education about it. Perhaps once more institutional investment vehicles get involved then people will start using it as a hedge.