@_author: drbillwilliams
@_date: 2014-05-24 04:11:58
God I hope this is in addition to your participation in a qualified retirement plan.
@_date: 2014-01-03 20:57:42
Thank you, I always forget about the paywall.
@_date: 2014-05-27 05:37:18
Just out of curiosity - ignoring that I completely disagree with your definition that a ponzi requires "a person to facilitate the scheme" - who would you identify as the person facilitating the scheme of US Treasuries?  And while we're at it, doesn't the definition of ponzi require abnormal returns to be achieved?  Isn't the rate of 30-years still far below 5%?  And really when is the last time it's been above 10%?
Edit:  I see you expand your statement below, my apologies.
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:44:11


People would have killed Steve Jobs for dividends if he hadn't died first.
@_date: 2014-11-11 23:20:36
Hedge fund does not mean they only make investments to hedge other investments.  The "hedge" part in the name is just an historical thing.
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:02:56
Ah, but is it a better "money" than the US Dollar?  Because that was the question posed.  I posited no:  it's not nearly as widely accepted, for one, and the handful of examples you can provide doesn't change that as of today.  
Your response to that thesis was to miss the point, call me a names, and say that you're going to fuck my mother.  Let's say that if you were part of a string of Christmas lights, it wouldn't light up.
@_date: 2013-11-12 04:06:54
Yes, either world domination or total collapse.  There are no degrees between!
@_date: 2013-11-24 05:07:40
By buying currency you don't make the price of goods purchased in that currency rise.  If you can't accept that, then I can't share the compliment.
@_date: 2013-11-08 00:15:21
Your lawyer thinks you have a good case?  I'd say no.  Strict Scrutiny is going to get you.  Compelling state interest to keep people from sleeping in parks, if the rule is basically that you're not allowed to sleep under a blanket then it's narrowly tailored, and confiscating blankets is probably the less restrictive way of enforcing the compelling state interest.
I think you should be lobbying for change, not trying to get caught in a Court room.  Or if you're really committed to ending up in Court, before getting the blankets, file a case and see if you can get a preliminary injunction.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:51:37
It's perhaps roughly the effective interchange rate for many stores, but the Fed does not regulate debit card interchange fees either as a minimum or as an absolute number.  The Final Rule included a 5 basis points fee per transaction, in addition to the 21 cent cap for infrastructure and 1 cent bonus for fraud protection.
Again though, this doesn't account for the fact that the government doesn't regulate a minimum interchange fee.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:45:36
Oh, then, pardon me.  I didn't realize that there was a common understanding in this subreddit that "money" doesn't actually mean "money," but instead "investment" or "asset."  See in my world, my investments are priced in a monetary unit, and that monetary unit is the medium for exchange.  Like, I've never tried to buy a sandwich with my "401(k)" either.  I guess it's different in your world.  My bad.
But I don't think I'm entirely to blame here.  My confusion was further confounded by the fact that the only supporting evidence I offered for my point was that I could not buy lunch with bitcoin.  Which launched you into a tirade the only intelligible point of which appeared to be you fucking my mother.  Were you confused about what I meant?  If not, maybe you just could have cleared up the confusion to begin with instead of being so ineffectual.
@_date: 2013-11-12 21:10:09
Respectfully, you're talking nonsense.  First, the Nash equilibrium does not stand for the proposition that everyone will do the same thing in equilibrium (i.e. use bitcoin as a currency).  It instead stands for the proposition that everyone will continue doing what they're already doing in equilibrium so long as no one can benefit from changing what they are doing.  So, the Nash equilibrium doesn't mean that equilibrium in monetary markets can come to an equilibrium only once everyone is doing the same thing.
Second, gold was never a "one world currency," even when it was the benchmark some currencies.
Third, even if a Nash equilibrium is somehow established by the use of all countries tying their currencies to a bitcoin, based on the theory, if a country could gain advantage by not having their currency tied to the bitcoin, they will do it even in a Nash equilibrium.  So, if we were to pretend that there was a Nash equilibrium when some countries tied their currency to gold, it would be like that, except like the part when countries started dropping the gold standard.  How a country could gain an advantage by doing something like this should be hitting you in the face.
Now, if you're talking Star Trek world, then maybe I can agree that there are no other alternatives.  But in the reality we live in, bitcoin could survive as a great payment system, but nonetheless not the one true world currency.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:07:24
If this ever happens to you again, remember, you can change your password.
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:38:35
I'm not conflating.  I don't know what to tell you.  Bitcoin simply is not a commodity.  It serves no purpose in and of itself.  At least with dollar bills you could claim it's a commodity in some sense because you can write on it (i.e. consume it), but a bitcoin doesn't even have that going for it.
Anyhow as to your concerns about "human wants", economically speaking, the only reason you want to preserve wealth in, say, gold, is so that you can defer your purchasing commodities, like food.  The accumulation of wealth is therefore only so you can defer satisfying your wants and needs.  But that does not make the thing you are preserving wealth in a commodity.  If that were true, your argument would necessarily require that cash is a commodity.
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:21:18
Maybe I'm confused (seriously I'm brand new to all this), do you have to meet someone in a dark alley to sell on localbitcoins?
@_date: 2013-11-12 21:54:05
Dude, seriously, you have so many times said stuff that has no support in anything.  "These things have a tendency to build for a while (like 40 years in the case of USD going off the gold standard), but when they finally break out, the change is swift."  Based on what empirical evidence?  "This is why gold became a one world currency."  Never happened.
You're just making stuff up.  Pulling the Nash equilibrium out of who knows where.  I'm closing the books on this discussion.  If you don't think that there is even the slightest chance that bitcoin can be the paypal or western union of the next 10 years, I don't know why I'm even bothering to continue.
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:26:44
Just because Jon Matonis doesn't know what ["commodity money"]( is doesn't make bitcoin a commodity.
Commodity money is exactly what I just described:  things that can fulfill needs on their own.  Cigarettes, booze, gold - it helps if they don't go bad quickly.  There is no utility that I know of with respect to bitcoin.  If there is, please let me know.
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:10:57
Does the verification process on bitstamp provide enough information so someone could steal your identity if bitstamp was compromised?  Does someone have to be verified to make a withdrawal?
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:29:25
It's a ridiculous assumption that starbucks is paying the same amount per credit card transaction as your mom and pop coffee shop pays.  Moreover, starbucks already has their starbucks card that they try to use to get around credit card transaction fees.  If starbucks announces anything, it'll be that you can send bitcoins to your starbucks card and use that to purchase coffee.  They will not have to update their entire payment system in the storefront, just in charging the card.
@_date: 2013-12-01 16:28:54
I'm totally lost on why people are so afraid to use bitcoin to buy things.
Let's say you have 10 bitcoins and you've had your eye on a nice sandwich at your local bitcoin accepting deli.  Buy the sandwich in bitcoin and then buy the same amount of bitcoin you just spent.  You're not losing anything besides a small transaction fee and it's not stretch of the imagination to say your original investment is still in tact at whatever price you originally paid.
@_date: 2013-11-06 20:08:10
I bought my first bitcoin recently and I've actually been really, really interested in this kind of analysis.  Thank you for starting it out for me.  Do you know of any sources that have discussed this kind of issue more in depth?
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:02:16
I've really tried to think this through and just can't.  I see you say that this is in response to the point about high prices not giving bitcoin more or less viability, but I'm really not seeing how your billion dollar hypo has any relevance.  Are you saying that if you were to buy a billion dollars worth of a non-existent currency, you would impact the price of milk more than if you were to buy a billion dollars worth of USD?  Why would I buy a billion dollars worth of USD with USD?  Why wouldn't I try to corner the market on milk instead?  Shit, I could probably make the price of milk rise by 10 times short term with a million dollars.  Where did you get that billion dollars anyhow?  Can you explain?
@_date: 2013-11-04 00:34:48
I don't think we're really arguing semantics here.  Bitcoin is not a commodity.  A commodity is not definitionally something in which you store wealth.  A commodity, as stated in the first part of the wiki para that you quoted, is a good.  A good is something that satisfies human wants.  Bitcoin cannot give you utility and it cannot satisfy human wants in the accepted definition of those ideas.  Bitcoin is therefore just simply not a commodity.  
(I'm avoiding the obvious, that money is not a good because it too does not satisfy human wants, in an effort to not open myself up to the accusation that I'm having a circular discussion).
It might help to explain that gold can be a commodity because it is used to manufacture stuff that satisfies human wants.  But, luck of the draw, it doesn't spoil.  That's why you see it as something that can store wealth.  If gold couldn't be used to produce something it wouldn't be worth anything and it wouldn't be a commodity (but it could be a currency . . . but there we are again).
So, I can agree that bitcoin is a thing in which you can store value and that in some circumstances a thing in which you can store value is a commodity, but bitcoin isn't.
@_date: 2013-11-13 01:55:28
I'm not arguing.  I finished arguing the 10th time you just made something up.  I will say this much though, in addition to just making up facts, you're really good at statements self-confirming your prior statements with no basis in reality.  And I can't believe that even when you've just proved the idea at there can be two different metal reserves, you are still maintaining that it's either all or nothing for bitcoin.
Seriously though, I'm done.  Go make someone else's envelope orange-red.  I'm trying to have conversations with people who aren't like you.
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:55:46
I see I didn't respond to your carbon credits thing.  I assume you're referring to [this](
Simply put, Europe created something that didn't exist and then had to put it somewhere so people could buy it.  Carbon credits aren't commodities either.
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:14:54
If bitstamp is trading in $, how does it get converted to euro for withdrawal?
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:46:35
Ah the old people-smarter-than-you-agree argument.  Well let me tell you that I have a degree in econ, too, and it's from a not-too-shabby institution.
Look, you're too stubborn to concede a basic economic theory.  You alternate between trying to subtly insult me (that's the part that is actually most annoying here), stating out falsehoods, and drifting into absurdity using nonsense clothed in pseudo-economic terms.  And you still have never explained in a clear and meaningful manner how what your hypo is trying to say or how that relates to your premise that "A valuable money supply is resistant to volatility from [one billion dollars worth] manipulation."  The truth is with one billion dollars, I could buy up a large enough portion of the Swiss Franc money supply to induce volatility to it and the US dollar (if that was where I was coming from).  No one is disputing either is a "valuable" currency.
@_date: 2013-11-12 19:46:13
This is kind of waste of time.  I'd love to discuss nash equilibrium and how you believe it relates to monetary policy, but I commented on your 0 (worthless) or 1 (world domination) theory.  There are infinite possibilities for the future of bitcoin beyond 0 and 1.  Nothing that you're saying disproves that.
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:41:13
Why you're talking nonsense:
1) You begin by stating a naked conclusion.  Your support for this naked conclusion is that "reservation demand" will flow toward the "more popular" standard store of value, which will reduce the value of the other.  I hope you can see that most of this is words of cobbled together into a sentence without regard to whether it makes sense.  For example, "reservation demand will flow towards it" and your claims about an "asset bubble" in the context of "demonetizing" silver.  In any event, you finale seems to be that if bitcoin isn't adopted as the one world currency it will end up just like silver, which is of course as everyone knows now entirely worthless. Edit: I guess I forgot to say you didn't answer the question and have, besides an ill-conceived winners and losers analysis, failed to present any evidence for why one "store of value" is optimal for the world.
2) Again, no, neither gold nor silver was ever the one true currency.  People traded in gold and silver throughout history.  They also traded in salt.  And slaves.  And rum.  And guns.  There has never, ever been a time when the entire world used only one "store of value."  NEVER.  Get it through your head.
3) First, you're actually answering question two (which you answered falsely).  Second, no one ever "default[ed] on their gold obligations."  Third, another unsupported conclusion that things are getting more unstable.  Fourth, while you could say that there is some territorial monopoly on the production of money (although, I'm not sure that's true), for the sake of it, the important point is that there is not a territorial monopoly on what currency can be used for anything apart from paying taxes.  Fifth, the actual question you avoided, why does bitcoin would break any monopoly?
Please, stop.
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:17:29
After you said bitcoin is "fucking money," I asked:  but is it a better "money" than the US Dollar?  Poignant because this was the original question posed.  Your response:
"I know what fucking money is! When he said show me a better money you fucking knew what he meant. You had to get all technical on him and I blew up on you for it for not understanding. Now, I'm going to call you an asshole. And don't lecture me on how technically you aren't the actual asshole that sits between your buttcheeks that I am calling you. You're you. A whole smartass human being. Congratulations. So am I."
Respectfully, you're not an asshole, you are just not very bright which is probably why you are incapable of having a discussion without name calling.  
Bottom line, if you want to misconstrue terms and fail to grasp simple economic terminology and concepts, that's fine with me.  Just don't interact with me and definitely don't expect me to respect your opinion.
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:36:20
How much would you actually have to make on bitcoin so that it's a life-changing amount if you already had $175 million in the bank....?
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:54:53
That's not a full faith and credit clause (and certainly not in capital letters) and [it probably doesn't mean what you're saying it means and has never, ever been invoked to do so](
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:42:48
go to coinbase, enter your information, buy.
@_date: 2013-11-13 02:09:04
Finally something in large part accurate, truthful, and interesting.  I guess it's my loss that you didn't say something like that earlier.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:01:33
The US Dollar.
I live in a huge US city.  Huge.  I mean, I don't want to brag, but really really huge.  
Guess at how many places I can buy my lunch with bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:25:30
Is that you politely conceding that you have no idea what you're talking about and that you were really yelling at me because you're upset that you used your TTT college meal plan money to buy bitcoin at $1,200?  Even if not, I'll happily take my leave of you.  
FYI - it's not your vulgar language that's so troublesome, it's your inability to string it together into a rational thought.
@_date: 2013-11-05 22:39:37
As a complete newbie to this whole bitcoin thing, I'm really confused and scared.  Can you help?
If we have to be so paranoid with bitcoins all the time, how can they be an alternative to currency?  I log into my bank without being petrified some hacker is going to steal my money.  If bitcoin can just be taken if I'm not disconnecting from the internet and running Linux, what's the point?
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:59:48
Yes, sorry, I let my sarcasm get the best of me and didn't get my point across as a result.
I might dispute that bitcoin will ever become THE world currency, but my real point is that with bitcoin it's not a binary domination or destruction situation - there are infinite options between.  Like it being a big thing for transferring money across borders, but still not the only currency used, for example.
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:11:08
Honestly, just trying to keep it low involvement and easy.
@_date: 2013-12-06 19:42:24
The question was, show me a better money.  The US dollar is currently a "better money" because I can use it to buy things, and for that matter easily.  Were the question show me a better investment, show me a better store of value, or something along those lines, I'd be inclined to not just dismiss your retort.
@_date: 2013-11-13 00:47:54
I'm sure your ability to BS must have made you the smartest guy in the bar before smartphones, but unfortunately we're on the internet now.  I literally can't get past the first thing you wrote without nearly vomiting from your insanity, and sadly it didn't even take the internet for me to know that, just to provide evidence.  Come back when you want to have a big boy discussion, ok?
"Silver has industrial uses" [true, so does gold], "but the demand to hold it in reserve (monetary demand) is very low relative to it's annual production. It's effectively nil." (blatantly false:  [showing that silver's industrial uses amounted to 40% of its demand in 2009]( which leaves the other side from "nil" and if you read some more, you'll see world reserves are more than 100% of yearly production).
Your second thing is just plain vanilla crap.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:47:18
Jeez, you're bitchy.  If you want to support bitcoin, you have to use bitcoin.  Just holding it doesn't help anything long term.
Anyhow, "example 2: pay 0.01 BTC for a sandwich, then send $10 + bank fees + exchange fees to the exchange, wait a day for the transfer to go through, hoping the exchange rate doesnt go the wrong way in the meantime"
First, generally you can kind of plan ahead, which is what I've been doing since I got on this train - if you're going to buy $100 worth of stuff over the course of the week, you can just make a buy of $100 all at once.
Second, coinbase would charge you a whopping $0.25 for a $10 buy.  A lot of places offer discounts for using bitcoin that is more than that.  Even if not, it's a quarter.  Once you lock in the transaction, the exchange rate doesn't change.  If you're worried that you wouldn't be able to sell in the short term because it's held up on the exchange, well then you're not really just holding your bitcoin anyhow, you're actively trading it; which is fine, but I guess not the situation I was discussing. 
So, the worst case scenario is that you pay an extra quarter to completely preserve your bitcoin investment as it was before you bought the sandwich, you support a local shop accepting bitcoin along the way, which in reality is a contribution to bitcoin becoming a viable transaction instrument and making your investment more valuable. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:39:08
Um, it might a meaningful statement, but it's definitely not for the reasons you claim.  "Credit" doesn't mean debt in this [context](
To be honest, my biggest concern about my fledgling investment in bitcoin is what I see posted on this subreddit.  Yesterday someone said that it had a "perfectly inelastic supply."  
The certainty with which just wrong statements are made around here scares me.
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:05:16


If I'm going to continue to engage, I expect you to answer three questions:  (1) what proof do you have that this is true; and (2) if it is true why hasn't it already happened and/or what is preventing it from happening; and (3) why is whatever is stopping it from happening going to stop existing?
@_date: 2013-11-05 23:28:04
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-11-07 14:27:08


Yes, that's the point.  Not sure I agree with the rest, but I agree with that no problem.
@_date: 2013-11-12 21:46:43
OK, I understand that you're talking the really, really long-term game where something that has never happened before finally happens and we arrive as mankind to one method of storing wealth.    I also understand that you're most definitely not talking about Nash equilibrium until after this has occurred (b/c there is no Nash equilibrium if there is an incentive to switch from national currency as a store of value).  Accepting that and a couple of other very forward looking things, ok, sure; either bitcoin rules the world or it's worthless for storing value.
@_date: 2013-11-03 18:27:15
There is no way bitcoin is a [commodity.](  You can't consume bitcoins and it is not a raw material used in production of anything else.  
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:00:04
Goodness, your reading skills are only less developed than your rhetoric, and I'm sure for that matter your investment acumen.  As already stated, the question was show me a better money.  How much you're going to make long-term and whose mother you're going to fuck with all that extra money isn't really responsive.  But in any event, it's ill-received.  
I didn't say that I think the US Dollar is a better investment, now did I?  I didn't say that you're better off long-term with your money sitting in a US Dollar bank than you are with your money sitting in a bitcoin wallet, now did I?  I said that the US Dollar is right now a better [money]( than bitcoin.  Because I can use it as a medium of exchange.  The allocation of my own portfolio is another question entirely.
By the way, I'd accept a bet that the stock market is going to "crash" before next year.  We can bet a Satoshi and I'd use it to fuck your whore of a sister.
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:52:21
Does that mean that the exchange is going to undercut the real rate as much as it would if I just did it myself and sent the euros?
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:41:57
Hi atzatdt, I'm drbillwilliams.
Do you have a grandparent?  Are they 30 years older than you?  If so, your family breeds young.  Like 15 young.  My parents are 30 years older than me.
The post is BS, but some capitalization issues, cheesy words of wisdom, and terrible math skills doesn't help to prove it.
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:31:47
I'm wasting my time talking to you because you apparently are more interested in responding than learning.  If you buy all but 1$Z when they existed, and the government and free market didn't step in, milk would cost millionths of a cent, not ten times more than before.  Thanks.  
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:49:47
Enjoyed your post, but your risk-on, risk-off analysis is backwards for how those terms are usually employed.  Risk-on as people say it these days means that people's appetite for risk is on, and they therefore flood into risky things like equities.
@_date: 2013-11-12 04:04:37
@_date: 2013-11-23 00:17:22
As an initial matter, I don't even know what to do with this - "A valuable money supply (aka high prices) is resistant to volatility from manipulation."
But on to what your point seems to be, that a currency is a valuable if it is resistant to "manipulation," or as it were 1000% inflation caused by hording cash, it's just wrong. 
First, the Zimbabwe Dollar is not an existing currency and it hasn't been for like 4 years.  Second, it's a terrible example because the hyperinflation that did occur with respect to the Zimbabwe dollar has nothing to do with what you are talking about - it was caused by increases in the money supply.
Third, if we gloss over the above, you're again off in la-la land:  money supply isn't defined in comparison to other currencies (which really is what you're trying to talk about) and moreover your statement is just wrong.  For example, the Zimbabwe money supply in January 2008 was [100 trillion Z$]( while in the US, [M2 was somewhere south of 9 trillion](
Next, I would buy a billion dollars worth of USD by default by accepting the loan?  No, I'm not, at least according to your hypo.  Someone is giving me a billion dollars that they already have.  Assuming it's reasonable that someone has a billion dollars worth of currency in US dollars, them giving it to someone else would not affect the price of the dollar at all.  Whatever effect that billion dollars in cash has had on the money supply and prices was already felt when someone hoarded it.
Let's pretend that your hypo is actually that you're giving me a billion dollars worth of euros that I can keep if I can cause the price of milk to rise 10% in Zimbabwe or US.  Cornering the market (which would be remarkably easily short-term giving the product your talking about and the amount of money we're discussing) is apparently off the table.
So, I take my billion dollars worth of euros and buy a billion dollars.  What happens then?  Euros are flooding the market and dollars are disappearing.  The next step is instantaneous - traders sell dollars for euros because they are ridiculously overvalued comparatively.  Price returns to normal and basically I just did nothing.  Same thing happens for Zimbabwe dollars.
But, let's just pretend that the market sorting things out wouldn't happen.  So, by buying Zimbabwe dollars, I'm driving the price of Zimbabwe dollars up, right?  Surely we can agree there.  But you think that is going to make the price of milk more expensive in nominal terms?  
Nope, it's going to have the opposite effect.  In case you're having trouble grasping it, by hoarding cash (i.e. reducing the available money supply), you're essentially deflating the currency.
tl;dr - buying tons of currency, if the effects of that purchase wasn't evened out by the market, would make goods purchased with that currency cheaper in pure nominal terms.  So, this is just wrong:  "f you buy up the money supply, the price of milk [in nominal terms] will rise much higher."  That someone can look at the price of bitcoin going up in dollars and seeing that, for instance, transaction costs are being lowered in nominal terms, but think milk will rise is crazy.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:49:25
I too really appreciate someone doing the leg-work for me as I've been meaning to read this analysis.  Cheers!
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:51:22
If you have a lawyer, s/he can file a quick complaint, serve it, and file for a temporary restraining order / prelim injunction all at once.  
I'm all in favor of helping the homeless, what I'm trying to help you with is the issue of laying out money on printing free speech blankets if it's going to fail.  You'll be able to do more help by saving money.