@_author: drbones22
@_date: 2013-03-10 23:51:40
I am as close to 100% sure that apple will release a mobile payment platform as I can be with no actual evidence. Passbook is the start of it
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:30:40
There are many, many signs apple is getting into payments. Passbook is the only thing completely public, but the game is theirs to lose at this point. 
Also re: low cost iPhones, I haven't heard those rumors in years and I think the stratgy is well known by now.. The iPhone 4 is currently free, 4s is 99 (with contract).
@_date: 2013-03-10 20:07:16
I'm getting into bit coin, and I have a lot of experience in retail IT management and mobile payments. I support the effort, and hope it works out, but I hope you won't hate me for playing some devil's advocate.  Some of my questions are likely based on incomplete knowledge, please feel free to correct. Of course, there are many types of retail and I don't know what you sell or how important transaction processing times are. 
First, I believe that educating customers about new payment options, especially at the register, is generally a losing proposition.  I suggest rather than a POP display (point of purchase) you print out flyers that people can take home with them, with links. Maybe even put them in each shopping bag or volunteer to email them some info. Since there is effectively no way for someone to instantly acquire and use coins to pay while in line, I see this as as a time suck and potentially confusing customers.  
I have worked on several in house and third party payment and loyalty platforms. Customer adoption is extremely difficult, unless there are clear, tangible benefits to the customer. Mainly, this means lower prices or major convenience. People who have/use bitcoin will be thrilled. Some non users may be interested in the benefits it has online (anonymity) or in the investment potential. Most, however, will compare it to cash, which is simpler, faster, and easier to get/hold/spend. What am I missing? What are some tangible benefits of bitcoin in a retail setting over cash?
Second, and this may just be incorrect, but doesn't bitcoin still take a few minutes for full verification? Do you see this as being an issue in your workflow?  Are you concerned about the risk of double spending? I saw something online a while back about a company that offered some kind of insurance for this, but that would probably not be free. 
Third, do secure and usable mobile bitcoin wallets exist? Coinbase has an app but they were forced to removed the send and receive buttons for some reason. Logging into a mobile website is really cumbersome for in person transactions. Are there better ways I don't know of?
Finally, and obviously you know this, but my finance colleagues would not be thrilled with accepting a payment method that has so much fluctuation in exchange rate. Could this result in a significant loss?  
Anyways, don't want to be too negative, just sharing my experience. 
Edit: apparently Apple has banned bitcoin wallets in the App Store from performing send or receive transactions, though this is probably well known to this sub. Very sadly, this couldbe a major barrier to widespread adoption. 
 