@_author: drchiz
@_date: 2017-08-13 07:40:10
...except that with today's mortgage rates it's significantly cheaper to buy a home and pay that mortgage down than it is to rent.
You gotta remember MOST markets have rent priced above mortgages, because the home owners want the renters to pay for all the housing related expenses AND hopefully make a profit. 
And with an FHA loan you only need to put down 3.5% and you can deduct the Private Mortgage Insurance (which is required if taking out a loan and putting down less than 20%) and obviously you get to deduct the interest you pay on your mortgage so....
Yeah no, this is a dumb plan. Especially when FOR SURE, interest rates are going to continue to go up since they're pretty close to lowest of lows still. What direction Bitcoin is going to take in the immediate to near future, no one can predict.
If you want to do something smart, buy a duplex and rent out the other side so you can live for just about free with great tax benefits. 
@_date: 2017-10-09 18:01:24
You think there should be an investment vehicle that consistently makes triple digit positive gains every year? No. Never mind the fact that's not sustainable. 
This is the old west. When BTC and crypto ARE massively adopted everywhere, you won't have wild swings and gains. You'll probably have a return rate similar to conventional stock market and real estate gains.
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:42:30
Thanks for reaching out, yesterday sometime in the afternoon the "Credit/Debit Card" status went from yellow to green and after that my orders finally were able to process properly. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:26:58
Funny, I literally ran into the same issue myself yesterday. It was a $500 USD purchase, had to call, same questions and like you I made it seem very legit and cool, then it failed. Tried doing it through my bank, not a card, they didn't even ask me to call that second time, just auto fail (it was to the same person).
So gonna try again later with Western Union instead of Moneygram, I notice most people on Localbitcoin say "in person only" and I think it's cause online sending fails so often.
I went against my better instincts, I thought I should lie to this person, say I was sending money to a friend I'd sent money to before and went "Nah let's keep it straight" and then it failed lol. So annoying cause Coinbase is fucking not working with my cards for whatever reason (says that function is shitty on their status site) and every other site won't confirm my identity or bank yet, I wanted to buy some non-BTC a few days ago during the dip and this is really boning me.
@_date: 2013-05-05 05:14:05
Great episode!