@_author: drcolossus22
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:55:59
I'm just stating my opinion mate, exactly like the guy I originally responded to was, but at least I actually backed up my prediction with some kind of reasoning, rather than just "ITS GOING TO BE A BIG YEAR BECAUSE I SAID SO GUYS, BUY MORE NOW" which just reeks of being a desperate attempt to pump the price. People on here need a cold, hard dose of reality, instead of the usual endless HODL memes and delusional affirmations about how 'happy' everybody is with the current state of the market  while they watch their hard earned money evaporate.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:53:52
Says the guy 'investing' in something with no inherent value, revenue, assets or even intellectual property.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:33:49


Impeccably well put. Never forgot, at the height of the dotcom bubble there was somebody who paid $500.12 for Yahoo stock.
@_date: 2018-01-17 10:30:59
Not really sure why you're trying to take the intellectual high ground here.
You 'invested' in a commodity that has no inherent value, earns/produces no revenue and has no assets. It's literally a worthless string of numbers valued by hype.
@_date: 2018-01-15 00:05:06
Yeah something about this just doesn't seem right. He uses 'mom' initially for the first few occasions, but then towards the end spells it 'mum',  as though he has been making the effort to spell it in the American style, but has then inadvertently slipped up at the end and reverted to his natural spelling, because I can't think of any reason why someone brought up in the USA would spell it 'mum' either
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:56:54
What on earth has a stupid anecdotal story about your friends got to do with anything? I don't think you even understand the argument you condescendingly tried to respond to. If there is no demand for a particular commodity, and it has no inherent value, then it is inconsequential how limited the supply is. It doesn't matter if there are 50 available or 500,000, if there are no willing buyers, then it's worthless. In the case of Bitcoin, there obviously is sufficient demand at present, hence why the price is where it is, and so your example is completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:31:20
I'm not contradicting myself at all. You just simply don't understand. 'Money' or rather to be more specific, a particular currency has a government or central bank standing behind it that guarantees it's value. It's market value is then determined by the strength of that guarantee, which is tied to the strength of that particular nations economy, which is in turn tied to all the inherent value contained with in. Bitcoin has none of this. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:48:18
Except that paper is based on analysis from when the market capitalisation was about 1% of what it is now. Not really relevant anymore.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:03:26
A sack of grain I can use for food. Materials I can build something with. A barrel of oil I can use to power machinery and make products. A precious metal that is (somewhat arbitrarily) desired for it's rarity, as well as it's attractiveness and physical properties. A random string of numbers however, unfortunately does not.
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:22:38
[citation please] 
@_date: 2018-01-16 14:09:50
So? 
The point is it wouldn't be possible for a single person to pull off a stunt like that anymore because of how big the market has become.
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:38:52
Except 98% of people didn't even know what a bitcoin was back then.  Bitcoin has always managed to bounce back from it's past spectacular crashes because there were always more suckers waiting around the corner to buy in. Back in early 2013, it was just a geek / tech thing, then it blew up in Asia, prompting the 2014 bubble, now it's gone mainstream, there was an article on the BBC the other week about people in Africa buying in for goodness sake. This is it, the moment the ponzi collapses, when it burns everyone this time, there is nobody left to give it another shot. (other than the truly deluded) Like I said, bitcoin has gone mainstream, it's crossed the Rubicon, when it comes to people and their money, very rarely do you get a second shot.
@_date: 2018-01-15 01:02:16
Interesting. Like the other chap mentions, that is typically the European (but not UK) format, but also common throughout much of Africa, the Middle East and South Asia. And now that I look at it again, he doesn't use a '$' even once, always writing it like '35 dollars' which seems pretty odd. Also one other thing that just didn't sit right with me - he mentions he starts college in 2017 and decides he needs to buy a laptop, pointing out that bitcoins were at '1500 dollars' at the time, but if I'm not mistaken, the academic year in the US starts in late August and bitcoins were going for over $4K by then. Could just be a red herring I suppose, but I'm getting far too much satisfaction out of trying to analyse this.
@_date: 2018-01-17 12:00:33
Lol, what on earth makes you think 2018 is going to be a 'BIG' year for cryptos? You all got your wish, bitcoin went 'mainstream' and the public has watched, with much curiosity, as bitcoin climbed enormously, peaked, plateaued, and is now starting to crash, spectacularly, just like all the financial experts in the media coverages said it would. Those foolish enough to buy in during December at the height of the get-rich-quick hysteria, are now looking at 50-60% losses, and are probably desperately trying to figure out how the hell to pull whats left of their money. You only get once chance to make a first impression, and cryptocurrencies have really shit the bed. When the dust has finally settled, the public opinion of bitcoin is going to be, at best, that it was a classic  speculation bubble for the greedy and ignorant, and at worst, that the whole thing was just a big scam. It's going to be a long time before anybody, other than the absolute diehards, will be prepared to put money into cryptocurrencies again.
@_date: 2018-01-17 12:14:36
Oh, things must have changed since I brought my aventador in '16 do they not take cash anymore?
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:54:01
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. I'm sure I could show you 1000 different prediction graphs and charts that got it wrong, but of course we ignore all those and just focus on the one that turned out to be correct. 'Chart analysis' is meaningless quackery. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:01:54
Care to actually explain your smug rebuttal then? Simply having a limited supply of something is not enough to guarantee it's value if there is no demand for it and it has no inherent value to begin with. Or perhaps you would like to provide an example that proves otherwise, and show us how wrong we all are?
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:09:06
I have plenty, Thats not what you asked. Money doesn't have inherent value.
@_date: 2018-01-15 12:38:14
Australia has Universal Healthcare.
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:51:22
Of course nobody knows, my guess is as good as his, but at least mine was backed up with logic and existing precedents, rather than desperate hype. When the dotcom bubble collapsed it was 10 years before investors started significantly returning to internet companies, and at least they actually had revenue...
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:19:47
You people are all totally delusional. It just cost me £50 to transfer £300. How is this 'currency' ever going to get even close to reaching mainstream acceptance. It's now reached the point where bitcoin is completely and utterly useless for the thing it was actually designed to be - a method of payment. Even the drug dealers, basically the only people on the planet who were actually using bitcoin for something other than endless speculation, are abandoning it because it's just too expensive. Yet onward you guys go, pushing faster and faster through ever higher barriers, for no logical reason what so ever, while at the same time screaming 'it's not a bubble!' to anybody that'll listen.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:04:32
Any strategy looks like it's working well when you are riding the crest of a wave. You would have to be an absolute imbecile to not be making money right now. Save the back patting until you've survived a couple of crashes and bear markets.
@_date: 2018-02-07 11:47:31
Certainly no trust fund either unfortunately. My parents were humble working class and we came to the country where I have since built my life after war took everything they'd ever worked for.
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:22:57
I really hope this answer is an an impeccably conceived troll, but sadly I don't think it is.
@_date: 2018-02-03 00:36:59


- Warren Buffet (on Bitcoins)
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:18:34
Reported for what? having an opinion that you don't agree with? Grow up. (reported)
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:22:33
Thats because it was below $10K. The poster above was slightly incorrect with their mention of 5K, 10K is the magic number where shit starts hitting the fan. It's also like this in many countries too.
Also, a lot of the shit hitting the fan is shit you don't even know about. For example it will be noted and potentially reported to various agencies, not that anybody will really be looking at it, but it will be there if they choose to at some point.
@_date: 2018-02-03 22:27:00
I would be really surprised if there even were any 'bitcoin billionaires' , the much vaunted Winklevoss twins only had a billion between them if I remember correctly, and their holdings have probably taken a slide since they achieved that mark.
 Of course there is the infamous Satoshi Nakamoto, but who knows if he ever has any intention of using his enormous holdings, or if he even still has access to them.
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:21:09
Na that sounds too much like stagnant academia wank thinking to me, theres only one train at the station for the truly visionary.
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:27:51
Says who? A bunch of typically 15-35 year olds, most of whom are invested in it, and so of course are not slightly biased in their outlandishly favourable assessment of it in anyway..
The concept of banking has been around for over 4000 years, and in that time it has seen a shit load of innovations come and go, the kind of things you probably take for granted or don't even consider. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:35:42
That line about trying to check out with lambos is brilliant. I find it poetically ironic that so many people who view the fiat system with such disdain for supposedly creating money out of thin air,  seem to then believe money can be created out of thin air (in the form of profit for everyone) by simply endlessly trading some arbitrary object back and forth. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 11:14:24


Lol, says the guy who just stalked through my post history and is now wildly flailing about straw man arguments left, right and centre, before gleefully telling me I've been blocked in a final act of desperation.
Oh and, since you seem so interested, the reason many of my recent posts are winding up deluded and panicky bitcoiners like yourself, is because it's such great sport, as evidenced by your deranged blowout over the past couple of hours. Has given the guys at my desk no end of laughs during a quiet period at the firm. You guys are like the flat-earthers of the fiscal world.
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:43:19
Some have, but overwhelmingly the majority of darknet drug deals are still made with good ol' bitcoin, and I don't think that's going to change any time soon. The alternative more privacy orientated cryptos are let down by a heavily fractured market with so many different options, which are usually more difficult or confusing to obtain, and then because they lack wide spread adoption, at so the end of day the most straight forward way to get their profit from the alt coin back into Fiat usually means going through BTC anyway.
But most importantly, I think most darknet users just really aren't too concerned about BTC's privacy vulnerabilities yet, partially because of the last point I mentioned above (that essentially all roads still lead to BTC at some point) but also because I don't believe there have been many, if any at all, cases where a drug dealer has had his identity compromised leading to his arrest purely from discovering and analysing his transactions and gleaning information from the block chain. There are cases where it has definitely been a factor, but there has always been sufficient suspicion on the suspect to have an investigation already well underway.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:06:59
"A large enough market cap" is not going to solve the problem of how to convert trillions of dollars of fiat holdings deeply intertwined with the banking system into bitcoin against the will of that very banking system.
Furthermore, how are you going to get this 'large enough market cap' when the banking system starts shutting down all the exchanges?
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:56:15
Oh no sorry, I'm actually from that 15-35 age bracket too. But see the second part of your post is kind of exactly what I mean, you point out these great ideals that bitcoin stands for and many are hoping it will be able to achieve, and yeah, I do mostly agree with you that if it were to achieve all that it would be pretty revolutionary. But the thing is, it hasn't achieved that, and to be brutally honest, I think theres a long way to go before it does. Currently bitcoin is stuck in this weird place where it unfortunately seems to just be a magnet for scams, hackers, and thieves, and generally the industry where it's managed to achieve wide spread usage in it's intended purpose - as a medium of payment - is on the darknet, buying &amp; selling drugs and laundering the proceeds. So theres a lot of negative stigma it's going to need to shake off at some point. And then of course then theres the rampant speculation side of things which is starting to fall apart rather spectacularly, its like somewhere along the way people forgot about all the stuff you mentioned and bitcoin just became this get-rich-quick scheme that everybody piled into.
So those are my thoughts anyway. And why I personally think it's premature to start throwing round words like revolution just yet.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:27:33
Well said. Honestly, if this were to scale based on the current situation, the bitcoin person would be so small that he wouldn't even take up a single pixel.
It still blows my mind how widely accepted on here the belief is that bitcoin is going to 'bring down the banks'. The amount of money that would have to change hands for this to occur, and the scale and complexity of actually facilitating this is literally unfathomable.
it's *never* going to happen.
@_date: 2018-02-03 22:41:00
Well yeah dude I'm sorry, I really didn't realise you were from Turkey, in which case you are absolutely correct of course, Erdogan has pretty much crushed any sense of journalistic independence or impartiality in the media business, along with replacing much of the judiciary with stooges. But thankfully for those of us lucky enough in the west that just isn't the case, so we can't really draw too many conclusions from happens there. Companies like CNBC just wouldn't get away with what you are alleging.
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:58:22
I wouldn't start popping the champagne corks in celebration of this as sign of the publics growing acceptance of bitcoin, or that 'massive supporting infrastructure is being placed' (lol). In the UK bitcoin ATM's are springing up everywhere too, but they also have the notorious reputation for being used almost exclusively by drug dealers wanting an anonymous way to get cash on to the darknet markets to finance more drugs purchases, and I imagine it's quite likely the same phenomenon driving this surge of installations mentioned in the article. Who else is going to be prepared to pay those kind of fees, you all baulked at them!
@_date: 2018-02-04 09:52:49
I'm sorry but you still don't understand. 
Who does the fourth person then sell to to make a profit? there is still no way for him to gain back more than the 360 he just spent without one of the others taking a loss. This is because it's simply an empty box, it doesn't produce anything or pay any kind of return such as interest or a dividend to the owner like stocks or bonds do, so no new money is ever entering into the group. It's exactly the same with bitcoins. I tried to make the scenario as simple as possible but you still seem have missed the point and are now trying to go off on tangential arcs that are irrelevant such house pricing.
 A more accurate analogy is the foreign exchange market, people don't 'invest' in foreign currency, because it's not really an asset, it doesn't generate a return. To make a profit forex traders have to speculate on the price against one another. The only way for one to make money is at the expense of another, and this is why forex trading is so notoriously difficult. Crypto's are exactly the same,   Battle_Fish summed it up eloquently in two lines, go and read his post again and if you still can't see the bigger picture I really don't know what else to say.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:29:35


Yeah but it isn't. That's my whole point. They know it's not really a threat because they also know they have they ability to shut off the money tap whenever they like.
And yeah sure, there might be the odd Banana Republic, African failed state, and probably Cuba... that decide to embrace it. But good luck trying to wire your funds through there.
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:18:30
You're saying investment advice, from someone who is considered probably the most successful investor of the last 50 years can't be taken seriously? Honestly I get so tired of hearing the excuse "it's because they don't 'understand' bitcoin" or some variant of, trotted out whenever somebody criticises bitcoin. There really isn't much to understand, you could get a pretty thorough understanding of it with about an hour's worth of reading. People can understand the concept very well and still think nothing of it. And your second 'idea' is utterly ridiculous, bitcoin has yet to even show one iota of being a credible risk to the 'old system' , it has failed, miserably, to become accepted as a medium of exchange, it's yearly catastrophic crashes show it is useless as a store of value, and if that wasn't enough, the prevailing regulatory sentiment from most government's is to shut it down purely in the interests of anti money laundering obligations. The only thing it has been even remotely successful at is becoming a 'commodity' for wild speculation. The suggestion of it threatening Buffet's 'old system' enough to spook him into issuing phoney media soundbites in a desperate attempt to hold bitcoin back is the funniest think I've heard all week.
@_date: 2018-02-03 20:58:20
So that they can then have enormous difficulty trying to explain where the $500 million cryptocurrency trading profit on their balance sheet came from? and how it wasn't a clear conflict of interest for them to be making their own investments when they present financial news and market analysis themselves? and how it wasn't an obvious example of insider trading when they then leveraged their role as a respected source of financial information to generate a massive return on their secret investment.
Yeah I'm sure that's totally their plan.
@_date: 2018-02-24 18:15:12
I'm fully aware how fractional banking works thank you, and no, you are mistaken, that is not the not the literal definition of a ponzi scheme, at all. I suggest you research ponzi schemes.
Furthermore, none of this in anyway answers my question, which was how exactly bitcoin is going to 'bring down the banks'?
You've just used the same flawed '2 + 2 = 7' logic found in most bitcoiners. The fractional system might not be perfect, but that doesn't automatically mean cryptocurrencies are going to rise up and replace it, and I have seen no credible evidence proving that they are capable of doing so at all.
Or as you put it..
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:28:16
Don't forget all the "it's 100% **not** a bubble" 
@_date: 2018-02-03 22:09:57
The amount f things you don't know of could probably sink a battleship. There are countless regulations and ethical standards that major media organisations adhere to. Staff are typically required to disclose any personal investments or financial interests they hold and are then disqualified from involvement in stories about them, and news anchors or journalists are generally prohibited from holding stocks for short periods of time.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:30:25
I haven't miscalculated anything, if it took you longer than an hour to understand how bitcoin works then I feel really sorry for you.
 And please don't sloppily paraphrase my words into something completely different and then use that interpretation to call me 'ignorant'.  I did not say "it has failed miserably with catastrophic yearly crashes, it's useless as a store of value", you have just crudely jumbled my two separate points together to make them look like a stereotypical rant, 
What I ACTUALLY said was
 1) It has failed miserably to become accepted as a medium of exchange. Which is of course, irrefutable, even after 5 years the number of business accepting bitcoin as a payment option is still almost non existent, and shows no sign of increasing,
and then 
2) that it's yearly catastrophic crashes make useless as a store of value, which again, is hard to refute. Somebody who invested heavily in late December will have seen most of their investment disappear. Whether it is eventually regained is irrelevant as the whole point of a 'store of value' is having peace of mind that your money is always there whenever you need it.
 Finally, I have yet to see proof that ANY bank or company actually consider bitcoin to be a serious threat, just endless rumours and completely unverifiable accusations from unnamed 'insiders' that are gleefully thrown around on the various crypto 'news' blogs to excite the delusional bitcoiners.
P.S. Stop riding crypto's dick, I can easily tell from your vocabulary that you haven't read any credible investment books.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:40:49
Graph analysis is meaningless quackery. I remember seeing a very similar looking graph on the 15th of January by a chump proudly claiming that some arbitrary 'resistance' line had been broken at $14K and he was now 'predicting a move back up to $16-17K range' Of course the exact opposite happened and in less than 24 hours it was plumbing sub 10K. These guys have no idea.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:52:20


The banks. Or do you think they are just going to let the hundreds of millions of worldwide mortgage holders (for example) , suddenly somehow convert all the debt the owe to the banks into bitcoins?


Yeah, in every country. The banks just refuse to do business with the exchanges and suddenly the exchanges are fucked, they have nowhere to get rid of all the fiat everyone is handing them and suddenly everything grinds to a halt.
 &gt; And how can you stop face to face txs? Impossible.
I almost want going to even answer this one because it's so absurd. But you genuinely don't seem to understand how ridiculous this is. Do you honestly think it would be possible to convert trillions of dollars of assets into bitcoin with cash, face to face? 
For one, their isn't even a fraction of enough cash in circulation to do that. Secondly, where are people going to get this cash from, and where are they going to try and put it after they've completed the transaction? That's right, our old friend the bank.
Seriously, how old are you dude? I'm curious. You really don't appear to have even the faintest idea of the size and complexity of this system you think is going to collapse.
@_date: 2018-02-08 04:10:37
Of course I'm a real user you buffoon.


Honestly, what an absolute pile of teeming shit, your classic tinfoil hat conspiracy theory - an endless jumble of meaningless buzzwords shoehorned together with out one iota of actual evidence, and not to mention completely illogical.
It's always the same old cliched angles from people like you.
-If somebody disagrees with you they must be a corporate shill
-Any kind of news you don't like is "FUD" planted to suit some 'elite agenda' 
-When your own foolish investments fail it's because the 'corporate establishment' sabotages it
All because it's so much easier to blame your own failures in life on some monolithic and Byzantine 'system' than to take responsibility for yourself.
@_date: 2018-02-06 12:28:16
Sorry! I Somehow totally misinterpreted your post and thought you were agreeing with his absurdity. 
It's reassuring to know I'm not completely alone out here in the fiscal wilderness.
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:39:46
or when the lizard people take over and enslave us all
@_date: 2018-02-04 10:40:04
Sigh... who exactly does P3 'cash out his btc for fiat' with?
All you are describing is a type of ponzi scheme. For p3 to 'cash out' into fiat, he is just passing the loss onto somebody else. Eventually the people and the money run out, and somebody looses, and in your $100 progression example above, they would loose the sum total of everybody else's profits.
It's a zero sum game. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:14:03
I just think it's a ridiculously arrogant call to make. Everything seems like a revolution at the time, only when looking back through history after the dust has settled can you objectively see what has genuinely made a lasting impact. So far Bitcoin has generated at lot of noise, hype and potential, but in terms of actually having a significant effect on the financial system, it's done very little as of this moment. So I think I'll wait until the results are in before I start throwing around hyperboles like "the biggest financial revolution of all time" 
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:17:58


If they feel it's a significant threat to their business, or if government regulation instructs them too, then yeah of course they will. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:27:07
I think I disagree with you there I'm afraid, someone with an academic background in economics and finance is going to be able to recognise and appreciate the appropriate significant that many of the other revolutionary moments in the history of finance hold. Such as moving from the medieval tradition of simple loans to the modern idea of credit we have today, or the emergence of merchant banks and how they opened up the world to trade along the silk road, or the move towards the system of central banks in the 1700-1800s that is still effectively in force today, or the adoption of Bretton Woods. I could rattle on like this for paragraphs, but I'm sure I've illustrated my point by now. Any one of those moments would have changed the financial landscape at the time just as radically as anything Bitcoin appears to be doing now.
@_date: 2018-02-04 10:22:02
You haven't demonstrated shit. What happens when there are no more people left to buy it? the last guy looses money.
@_date: 2018-02-06 01:11:35


Do you have any proven academic or professional economic credentials that would justify your authority to make such a grandiose assertion?
I mean typically one would wait for the clarity and perspective that comes with the fullness of time before making such extravagant claims.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:47:21
There's no chance of it happening.
But Ok, lets play along for a second, please provide a solution to the problem I explained, consider the trillions of dollars in fiat holdings that people have all over the world, things like their savings, their mortgages, their pensions, their debts, their salaries, all of which flow through the banks, how will these be converted into bitcoins, or bitcoin denominated equivalents if the banks don't want them to?
It's as simple as that. 
You've brought into an idea that may sound fantastic and utopian on paper, these things usually do, but it just isn't possible (short of some kind apocalyptic nuclear winter scenario where we all effectively go back to living in the stone age anyway)
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:13:51
Yeah and still down something like 55% in less than two months. It's probably even too premature to call it a rebound, looks to me like just another dead cat bounce. Every time Bitcoin has a massive tank, it's immediately followed by a brief, sharp, surge, but always far less than the drop, before levelling off and then continuing the decline. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:33:05
Imagine there is an empty cardboard box and 3 people who each have £100, meaning a total pool of £300. Using this money the three of them take turns to continuously buy and sell the box from one another. This could go on for a day, a month, a year, it doesn't really matter, but as there is only ever a total of £300, if one person were to wind up with £160 - a profit of £60, there is now only a total of £140 left to split amongst the remaining two, so one of them (or both) has taken a loss of £60. It doesn't matter how many times they trade the box, or in what order, or for what price amongst their budget, there is no feasible way they can split the £300 where they all profit. Even if they introduced a fourth person, or a fifth person, or they all increased their initial investment from £100 to £200, the result is still the same in the end, someone in the group would have to loose money.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:30:52


OK? Who said anything otherwise? But it's not enough to effect the status quo in any way.


Pretty big jumping off point from being a liberal society showing a small amount of interest to embracing a potential financial time bomb most of rest of the world wont even touch with a stick, and which could potentially be arbitraged to cause catastrophic damage to your economy. 


The reason why there is far more money laundering done with cash is simply because there is far more cash floating around, I imagine if they were able to calculate the proportion circulating bitcoins used for criminal purposes and compared the percentage with the equivalent of the total circulating cash supply, the bitcoin figure would be exponentially higher. But it's a moot point anyway, it would never happen in Holland because the EU has strict laws in place restricting financial anonymity, and these are only getting tougher. Also to just disregard the entire issue by saying they would use Monero instead is wishful thinking, should this actually happen, they would use bitcoin for exactly the same reason they use cash now, because it's extremely liquid, widely available, and legal.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:03:00
Actually you would be surprised how much (drug) money gets funnelled into these things. Anonymity is worth a 9% commission when your business is class A's.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:40:57
Nice try, but you presume wrong. It's common knowledge here in the UK.
@_date: 2018-02-08 08:01:58
Yet more total fantasy. Just saying 'backed by tons of evidence' without providing any isn't a valid argument, same with outlandish claims like 'Common knowledge accepted by the majority' without actually providing any statistics. 
So actually provide some legitimate evidence, which surely should be easy given how much you claim there to be, or abandon your silly agenda.
@_date: 2018-02-07 11:37:50
Actually yeah that seems like a pretty accurate assessment, bitcoin itself is not really a bubble I suppose, and does indeed have some legitimate potential, but all those seeing it as an 'investment' mixed with ignorance and greed of everybody else has created the current situation where herd mentality investing is driving a never ending cycle of extreme boom and bust that I can't really ever see it breaking free from.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:35:40
Total fantasy. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:47:32
You don't see much progress because they don't care, at all. It isn't an issue for them and they know it never will be anything more than the novelty / tool for money laundering that it is now.
Auctions, localbitcoins, decentralised exchanges? None of this makes any difference what so ever. The banks control the access to world's fiat holdings, the exchanges can't operate (decentralised or otherwise)  if people can't move their fiat into the exchanges because the banks have shut off access to them. Like I said at the beginning, it's as simple as that, and no app , gadget or clever UI is going to get around that.
Ok, you didnt say it was going to collapse, but you claimed I was delusional for thinking bitcoin would never be able to usurp the banking systems position of dominance. 
And that wasn't meant as an ad hominem barb, like I said, I'm genuinely curious how old you are because (And I am sorry if this offends) you come across as having in incredibly simplified view of the global financial system.
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:14:29
Nobody was ever blaming the internet for murders. The closest thing I can think of was the hysteria around predators hiding within chatrooms, which is actually still just as prevalent today, but we perhaps don't hear about it quite so much anymore because chat rooms aren't really much of a thing anymore. But people are certainly not 'over' the fear of predatorily behaviour taking advantage of the increased anonymity provided by the internet.
The point is, which you seem to be completely missing, many of the founding principle of bitcoin, namely that it has no censorship, it is permission-less (there are no arbitrary gate keepers controlling where coins can or can not go), it is based around the concept of Pseudonymous (no ID required to use or own), and that transactions are irreversible, make bitcoin a veritable paradise for those wishing to do things with their money they shouldn't be doing. Of course, these people are going to be doing dodgy shit with their money no matter what, but giving them a tool that makes it so much easier, is definitely something that needs to be seriously looked into.
Also don't for a second think this is just the big bad 'MSM' giving bitcoin hard time for no reason. Read about Swiss numbered accounts. Stuff that allows for anonymous transfer and stashing of money get shut down.
@_date: 2018-02-03 21:40:38
Take off your tin foil hat and show me some evidence of that wild accusation.
@_date: 2018-02-05 13:29:00
Stop deluding yourselves, banks don't need to conduct some elaborate smear campaign to keep bitcoin from usurping their position. 
Because it's just never going to happen, and there is a very simple reason why: For bitcoin to 'take over' and somehow replace the 'current system' or even just threaten it, then at some point the bulk of the population would have to convert their all fiat holdings into Bitcoin denominated holdings, and the only way people are going to be able to do that is if their own bank facilitates it. Which of course, they are never going to do if they seriously think it will bring about their own downfall.
The banks are in the checkmate position here, and they know it, they don't need to waste their time orchestrating  all this 'FUDDDing' that you seem to think is taking place.
@_date: 2018-02-03 21:21:48
If you really think a scheme like that would just slip under the radar then why haven't they been doing it for years on whatever stock or commodity they like?
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:28:52
Yeah because all those guys that brought in a 15K are laughing their way to the bank right now....
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:19:53


The amount of fiat actually in bitcoin, or even the entire crypto ecosystem for that matter ( I think it was somewhere between 5 and 10 billion last time I checked ) is such a tiny slice of the global money supply it's completely negligible. For it to even begin to approach a level where it threatened  the conventional banking system would require an absolute torrent of fiat to be changed over, something that just couldn't happen if the banks didn't want it to.


Based on what reasoning? It's hard to see why any developed economy would ever introduce an outside currency that their own central bank has no control over. The risk that it could be used to launch an enormous speculative attack against their own currency is huge. Then theres the fact that to conform with anti money laundering treaties and obligations it would have to be regulated to the point where it was almost totally unrecognisable from the bitcoin of today, instantly kiss goodbye any notion of it still being anonymous or un taxed.
@_date: 2018-02-06 07:32:06
Yeah, you see the thing about that approach is, 'Fortune favours the bold', until the one time it doesnt, and then you loose everything. Which reminds me, where was bitcoin at again this morning? 
A 67% loss in less than 2 months?
Enjoy embracing your vision into insolvency.
@_date: 2018-02-08 08:16:17
LOL where did I rage with emotion against an inanimate object?  please stop desperately trying to fabricate elements of my argument so you have a leg to stand on in response.
Also, the irony of you telling me "i need help' for for raging with emotion against an inanimate object (I didn't?)  after you spent god knows how long pouring out a 400+ word diatribe about the media, is delicious.
Although that doesn't even begin to scratch the surface of how ironic is for you to claim I'm 'raging hard' (lol) at a strawman type argument, when you literally did _exactly that_ in the very _same sentence_ by deciding I'm a failure because I didn't get in 'early' with bitcoins.
I obviously really must have touched a nerve in there somewhere judging by how worked up it got you. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 11:18:46






@_date: 2018-02-11 06:08:38
While I commend you on appearing to have a very 'glass-half-full' way of looking at things, and you are quite correct that in theory, the terms 'illegal activity' and 'darknet activity' do cover a very wide gamut of activities, from those that would probably warrant a life sentence, to those that barely even get you fine.
However with the often quoted statistics dealing with Bitcoins connection to the darknet, the reality is quite different. When the term 'darknet activity' is used in relation to discussions about money,  it is specifically referring to the so called 'darknet markets' as these are basically the only monetised darknet activity there is. They are an ever-changing assortment of eBay and Amazon-like clones hawking drugs, stolen or counterfeit credit cards and currency, weapons, and sometimes even worse (though thankfully very rarely now). 
While there is nothing stopping somebody from trying to buy something completely innocent on a darknet market, say like a jigsaw puzzle, I can pretty much guarantee there would never be one available to buy. Because from what I understand, it's quite a complicated and expensive process to be allowed to sell things on a darknet market, and then you are only reaching customers who are there looking at purchasing drugs/illicit stuff anyway, so it would just be totally uneconomic to try and sell anything else through the medium.


Sorry my explanation turned out to be more long winded than I originally intended, but to summarise by answering your question above, there simply are no legal products and services to buy on the darknet.


Also, I can assure you, you wouldn't be happy in a future where all transactions took place on a darknet where everything is anonymous, or at least based on todays format. You see, because of the anonymity and unregulated environment, it's incredibly common for parties in transactions to just pack up and disappear with all the bitcoins mid way through a transaction. Attempts to get around this by using an escrow service have also failed because the escrow provider would just pack up and disappear with everybody bitcoins too.
It's literally a free-for-all, trust no-one environment that wouldn't be tolerated for anything other than drugs.
@_date: 2018-02-23 01:15:16
Uh... because you have? 
@_date: 2018-02-23 00:19:52
Care to explain how I'm wrong? Can you even tell me the sort of numbers involved?
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:37:55
I doubt the percentage would be much different here in the UK.. but thats not the point, it's that the 0.1% of people who have, are using them are predominately for illicit purposes, rather than because they want to join the decentralised currency revolution
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:08:58
The ECB announced nothing of the sort.
that's some real '1+1=567,000' logic right there.
Nowhere did he even remotely imply the ECB had bought BTC, or had any intention to do so.
As usual, the crypto community has completely misinterpreted what was said, and then extrapolated it to infinity into an opportunity to shill like crazy, as perfectly illustrated by that guy just writing BUY BUY BUY BUY like a halfwit.
What he _actually_ said was financial institutions in the EU are showing a _limited_ appetite for digital currencies, not withstanding the high level of public interest. 
In other words, despite the circus of bloggers and crypto evangelists doing their best to whip up a storm of interest, financial institutions are not showing much desire to respond.
He then goes on to say, that given the recent developments in the US  like the listing of futures contracts, some European banks could take up positions in bitcoins. However a 'European bank' or 'European financial institutions' does not necessarily mean the European Central Bank, in the context that was used it could mean any number of different things - a commercial bank, a retail bank, a private bank, a hedge fund, a clearing house.
I'm sorry but your hunch is totally off the mark, as is your understanding about how they would go about taking a holding, as the guy below you has stated. Most central banks, especially the US fed reserve, are legally required to disclose specific securities they have holdings in, so it's completely impossible they could have been secretly buying btc.
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:01:33
Exactly, Just people with a vested interest in the success of what they claim to be providing objective analysis on. CNBC / CNN etc are constantly getting slammed or here for allegedly just shilling one day or 'FUDDDDing' the next to suit their supposed ulterior motive, yet this is precisely all these so called experts do.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:15:02
Nope. Self employed.
@_date: 2018-02-08 11:14:21


Stop going off on random tangents to try and avoid providing the evidence of this convoluted system of bribery and fabricated news journalism you so clearly don't have.


Yeah...nah, I'm asking you to prove something you _think_ nobody disputes, but really it's just you, and this is why you have struggled to bring up any real, meaningful evidence of it other than one random journalist who may have been fired once, 15 years ago.


Pro-tip: Neither of the two news companies you quoted earlier (CNN &amp; MSNBC) are owned by 'billionaires' they are part of other, larger publicly traded conglomerates (Comcast and Time Warner) which are in turned 'owned' by thousands or shareholders, hedge funds, institutional investors, pension funds and the like. However all of these investors only own _tiny_ proportions, and certainly do not have the power to control or influence individual news stories. You have instantly, in a single sentence, shown how you really have no understanding of how these organisations actually function in any way, completely invalidating your entire, bizarre argument.


Yet more blistering irony from the professor lol - weirdly, and pretty much out of nowhere, accusing me of being like a conspiracy theory nut job (I'm not a 9/11 denier), while in the process of desperately trying to defend his own crumbling, wacky conspiracy theory. 


Cool, thanks for telling me like 3 times that you've blocked me _that really showed me!_
Like I said, my earlier comment has obviously _really_ hit close to home.
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:30:12
Nah, just somebody else who's able to see the wood for the trees. 
Although I fucking wish I was Jamie Dimon.