@_author: drdogemcdogeface
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:39:23


That seems pretty much like you take your information from only one side.


You seem to blame again all on right-wing / NAZIS. Where is the fight against left-extremists? 


Funny you say that, while i have the feeling thats exactly how you act. 


I already realized that with your first post ;)


The thing is you mention only one side. What about the icrease of violence from left / anachist groups - seeing offical BKA report. Remember Hamburg some months ago? Or cologne new years eve?
Strange i dont remember hearing about "similiar big actions" by NAZI or right-wing groups. Why? Cause they dont get such big numbers of ppl together. 


I find the incidents you mention (catalan police / spanish police) both concerning. And i doubt you read any text from defending any of it, while you argue that one is bad and the other is not. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 10:51:30
I doubt the Catalans think they are better. Everyone should have the right to decide about their "country".  Based on your logic former Colonies of Britain shouldnt have the right to be Independent. Kosova?   
How about we give ppl the right to choose for themself aslong they dont follow the part of violence. 
Does the majority of Catalans support the Independence? I dont know. Doenst matter as the ruling party in parliament went this way. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:21:07
It would actually be cheaper. Cause Catalania would give them certain benefits as they wouldnt fall under EU law anymore. 


I import / export where the need is - whatever government it is. Thats how business works. Actually from a business point. Spain would put sanctions on Catalanonia, which would mean there is a huge chance for other European and african countries there. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:01:38


Everyone was also telling GB would go down after the Brexit. Of course it went tough but yet they survived and coming back. 


Do you know how long it takes to expand a port and its operations?  Lets say it would take 1-2 years and by then even European companies would use them. At the end its the market that decides not politics


Do you know what the main income of the Catalonian area is? ;)
@_date: 2017-10-31 12:59:42


Dont you think business already plan this in? Thats what good manager do. 


Okay, one example. I'm the Manager of an Logistic company. Do i use the Port in Barcelona cause its my usual choice, cause its cheap ad already the logistic is there. Or do i go to Valencia, where no logistic, no build up port. I dont care about politics in that matter. 
Look Russia sanctions for example. 


2016 800 business left cause of the independent thing, while 550 went there. Big Companies are there like VW. Do you think they care about Spain? They not gonna close down big industrial complexes cause of that.  
@_date: 2017-10-31 12:54:02


It sounds for me that everyone who doesnt see things like you is a Nazi or right-wing. What you actually saying is you deny the right to one group while giving it the other cause they share your opinion. Thats awful.


Anyone who was working against Hitler was breaking the law during the NAZI time. Besides why not let the Catalonians vote in peace. Spanish government could said: well done, but sorry against the law. Instead they sended police units to confiscate poll boxes, closed down offices etc.  That doesnt sound like a democratic goverment would act... that sounds like a dictatorship.


Wanna know why we have so many right-wing parties now in western governments. Cause ppl like you push them into that corner. By not beeing able to discuss different opinions without getting emotional or calling ppl Nazis. 
This discussion is a best proof. Instead of discussion you brought up NAZIs and right- wing. 