@_author: dreamingupsnow
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:31:49
The level of delusion in this community is staggering.
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:20:40
Massive value? No. Some value? Sure, some. Pennies on the dollar additional value. Not 8000x the value of the dollar. If you're a criminal lording over a transnational empire you might value it more than the dollar, but otherwise, no. It's an investor's bubble, not a replacement for fiat currency. As exampled by the fact that everyone here is treating it as an investment and valuing it against...the dollar. They're not using it for its utility in their day to day life. They're not using it to buy and sell goods or services. They're using it as they would a stock or fund.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:14:22
Touche. With those debate skills I bet you're a donalder.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:03:54
Just the meaningless words of someone else heavily invested in crypto-currency, who is thusly compelled to maintain the baseless hype which is inflating all the currencies beyond any intrinsic value - close to zero. There is nothing backing the value of cryto-currencies beyond speculation. The bubble will pop, it's unclear when, but no one should be claiming with any certainty that it'll be many years before it does. Any external or internal event could test the confidence of the market, and the entire thing will evaporate like it was never there, since there was never anything for it to fall back onto - no nation states, no regulatory institutions, nothing of any material or marketable value.
@_date: 2017-09-07 05:38:54
Gold has utility beyond a currency, a bitcoin has none (you know......)
Can you make jewelry out of bitcoins? Can you bitcoin plate things?
Does bitcoin conduct electricity?
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:50:10
That's not an ad hominem. Not all criticism is an ad hominem when it relates to your credibility in a discussion. Your counterpoint to the questions around the long term sustainability of cryptocurrency's price bubble was to throw "pleb" and run.
If it talks like an idiot and walks like an idiot, it's probably an idiot. You're an idiot, therefore your ability to credibly defend bitcoin or anything else is limited. Nobody cares what incapable leader you elected in your backward country, it's simply not unreasonable to point out a moron as a moron, and most of his supporters, and you in this instance, have hitherto shown themselves to be incapable of reasoned, calm debate. Sorry if that offends you, you're a bit delicate I know, but maybe calling me a pleb again will help quiet your existential angst?
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:26:10
Common sense has a way of lingering like that. ay
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:53:44
Nah just blame a lack of critical thinking skills and bigotry. When in doubt! 
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:44:57
Gold is not the same as bitcoin. Sorry. Nor is it a fallacy that it has zero actual utility. It is used widely and deliberately in almost every sector of industry. It is a versatile and important mineral historically, presently, and going forward. There will always be a demand for gold - for its utility - which is why it is a safe store of value. With limited supply and widespread demand, it will always stabilize if it were ever threatened, because of the knowledge that it will still be sought after in the future. Bitcoin has no such indispensable place in the commodities market. It is not a commodity, it is not a fiat currency, it has nothing underwriting it whatsoever, thus it has nothing to limit how low it would go beyond somehow recreating and sustaining bullish sentiment. It's a bubble, and if you want to pretend and dream that it's the "dawn of a new age of currency" that doubles as a get rich quick scheme, then that's entirely your prerogative, but you shouldn't kid yourself that your rationale is sound, it's not. Bitcoin was a sound idea when it was worth pennies on the dollar, since that more accurately reflected its limited value of being able to transact outside of regular banking systems, but to say it's now 4600 times stronger than the dollar is pure foolishness.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:24:38
No, it's not entirely utility that gives gold its value, but it's utility which means that there is a base level of confidence in gold's ability to hold value. Should the gold market "collapse" due to presumably obscure circumstances, it's never going to reach zero, it will always stabilize in value. There has been and will continue to be multitudinous uses of gold, as it is one of the most useful minerals available, and can not always be replaced with "much cheaper" metals - ask the aerospace industry why they use gold. That is why gold, being scarce, will always hold some, if not most of its value through troubled times. Similarly fiat money has resistance to turbulence in the ability of governments to stabilize and shore it up, and is ultimately underwritten by millions of wealth generating taxpayers.
The differences with bitcoin are stark and numerous. There is just no foundation on which cryptocurrency rests. It's all illusory and based on sentiment. It's like investing in a company with no product.
"You can use the blockchain to notarise things, for one." And you do realize there's already an entire industry that has notarization handled right? The world wouldn't miss blockchains. One entirely fringe usage will not make bitcoins hold value like gold or other currency holds value.