@_author: dreamenddischarger
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:29:50
There is physical sex and brain gender. While it should be perfectly acceptable for a man to wear dresses and such, it is also scientifically accepted that some people's gender does not match the body they were born into.
As for 'there are no gatekeepers' : Men constantly belittle women and tell them they cannot possibly be interested in these things. Be it gaming ( 'girls don't play games' , despite us being around since the arcade generation), technology and internet ( 'there are no girls online' ) and constant sexist remarks such as 'go back to the kitchen' , 'yes *sweetie* of course you understand', 'you're not a REAL gamer unless you know these five random facts about this game', there is plenty of gatekeeping.
It's the reason there aren't many women in competitive esports : the ones who make a name for themselves get harassed out. The ones interested in technology like bitcoin lay low because if they mention their gender suddenly they're an 'other'. 
I even get it constantly at my job. When I answer the phone people think I'm a receptionist rather than here to answer their questions. They'd rather talk to a man who they perceive to be better with technology than the woman with seniority who is answering the phone.
So yes, there are gatekeepers. Society in general tells us that women shouldn't be expected to be good with technology. If you ever want to do a fun experiment go make a profile online, get a voice modulator and pretend to be a woman for a few weeks. The difference in the way strangers respond once they perceive you to be female is vastly different.
Personally, I don't care what gatekeepers say or do : I do whatever the fuck I want. But to a lot of women it's very discouraging. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 00:07:40
And yet here you are on the internet getting offended that I feel the need to stand up for myself in my daily life.
Again, the *reason* tech is mostly men is the insane amount of gatekeeping going on by people just like you to keep women down and out.
Just because there are worse things happening in the world does not mean I can't work on fixing things in my career path and daily life as well. 
But you're just assuming I'm using all my energy on this and you know what they say about assuming. It makes you an ass, my friend.
@_date: 2018-05-10 20:33:52


You'd think so, but it stops people all the time, men and women. I'm not being sexist, this is simply the reality of society as it is. Things are slowly getting better but not fast enough.
Yes, in general humans do tend to belittle each other but in terms of **technology?** It's a male dominated field where many men do look down upon and belittle woman constantly.
But I suppose you know all about what it's like to be a woman, right? That's why you're so set on explaining my own experiences to me. Not that I've ever let bad experiences hold me back, but for women (and non cis men) it's an uphill battle to even be taken seriously in technology. 
Your initial attitude of 'women just aren't interested in those things' is the exact problem I was talking about. Maybe try looking outside your own experiences for once and stepping into the shoes of other people.
@_date: 2018-05-10 17:56:03
It's not that we don't find these things interesting, it's that there's a ridiculous amount of gatekeepers who like to attempt discouraging us from actually entering those fields.
Also they don't 'adopt' a gender, it doesn't work that way. They were born trans and were women all along, they just came out later in life due to the amount of stigmas around the condition.
@_date: 2018-05-11 16:22:55
Didn't mentions incels anywhere. Gender identity has nothing to do with sexuality. Try pretending to be a woman online, specifically in a competitive game like League of Legends or Overwatch and get back to me after.
[Women have gone as far as to make fake male employees for their tech companies because men \(even fictional men\) are taken more seriously via email than women in this industry.](
Several times a week I get 'Is one of the guys available to answer a tech question?' when I answer the phone because a woman answering a phone at the computer store must obviously be just a receptionist, not the most experienced staff member in the store.