@_author: drewpflaum
@_date: 2017-08-21 02:43:09
Thanks for the feedback. Good idea on the share buttons. For now, I encourage you to share the blog via LinkedIn. The blog is at   Thanks
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:18:28
For those who are interested in the tax treatment of bitcoin profits in Australia, I am a qualified Australian tax accountant and have written a blog on this topic at 
Brief summary of the blog: profit on the sale of bitcoin may be 100% taxable, 50% taxable or sometimes tax-free. My contact details are towards the end of the blog if you need to contact me.
@_date: 2017-08-28 08:01:55
This is the case where a lot of people are unfortunately likely to trip themselves over and risk paying too much tax (or sometimes not enough + penalties if they aren't entitled to the "personal use" exemption).
I do believe there are circumstances where a person in a similar(ish) situation could receive tax-free treatment, however, it can be a tight one. If you were trying to adopt this tax position, partcularly if you are sitting on a large profit, then I think you should get tailored tax advice from a qualified tax professional, as this gives your advisor the opportunity to properly review your circumstances and ensure you receive accurate advice. In particular, if the ATO come knocking, you want to make sure you answer all their questions in a way to ensure you get the "personal use" exemption, otherwise you could find yourself up from considerable tax (+ possible penalties).
The ATO have very sophicated ways to track people and I think people are naive to think they won't be taxed on bitcoin profits, especially if all of a sudden you have all this unexplained wealth.
Hope that helps.
- Drew Pflaum, Munro's Accountants (08) 94275200 
@_date: 2017-08-28 07:47:19
In principle, altcoins will be taxed the same as bitcoin.
If you buy BTC and shift into an altcoin, then you have disposed of BTC, which is a taxing event. So, if you buy BTC as an investment and shift into an altcoin within 12 months of purchase, the gain is likely to be 100% assessable. Whether or not this is under capital gains tax rules or a profit-making scheme depends on the specific factors. The more trading, the more likely it is a profit-making scheme. If it is under capital gains tax rules, then you may offset carried forward and current year capital losses (if any) against the capital gain to reduce tax payable.
- Drew Pflaum, Munro's Accountants (08) 94275200 
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:54:09
You'll need to seek tailored tax advice on this question. Whether or not the profit is taxable in Australia depends on a number of factors, some of which are: who operates the business, where are key decisions made, who has control, what happens with the money, which overseas country, does Australia have a Double Tax Agreement with the overseas country???  If you are an Australian tax resident doing this, then most likely the profit is taxable in Australia, but I do suggest you get tailored tax advice.
@_date: 2017-09-11 05:18:27
One of the qualifying criteria for the personal use exemption (tax-free status) is that the COST must be $10,000 or less. It's COST which matters, not the market value of bitcoin at disposal. So, it could be that if you purchase a house for $1million using bitcoin, and the bitcoin cost you $9,999, then the personal use exemption could be in play, subject to other qualifying criteria. I want to stress that it is extremely difficult to qualify for tax-free status and you should seek tailored tax advice on the matter if you think you are eligible.
Moving from one cryptocurrency to the other is a change of assets, hence a capital gains tax event. I do agree there can be very burdensome accounting and tax issues due to this.
@_date: 2017-09-11 05:42:23
Great question! Declaring a capital gain on disposal of Bitcoin Cash would seem straightfoward, however, this is tax and there is no straightforward answer. We'd have to look into your exact circumstances and intentions to work out the tax treatment. Sorry I can't be more specific, it's just everyone has a slightly different story and hence can have slightly different tax outcomes. It's still early days for Bitcoin Cash and we're still working through the possible tax consequences, and I'll write up a blog later to provide some help. Keep an eye out for this (although don't expect to see the blog anytime soon). I'll try to remember to post the link here when it is published.