@_author: drewsy888
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:09:38


@_date: 2014-01-07 17:14:35


There are some laws I disagree with. Almost all of them are on a local level. I think to make your point I will use marijuana as an example. I personally support its decriminalization but it is regulated on a state level so it may not be the best example.
If you broke that law yes you would be charged and I would support them arresting you. Even though I vote to decriminalize it I support the law as is because that is what is required to maintain a society where laws matter.
If you resisted arrest to the point where you were prepared to fight the police that came to your door I would support their use of force. I don't advocate police brutality by any means but in order to carry out the law I would support the police in restraining you and arresting you if you were not compliant.
If you threatened the officers arresting you and put their lives in danger because you disagree with the law you are being arrested for they may be forced to use lethal force. I assume in almost every case that they could use non-lethal measures but I understand that is getting outside the argument.
You take these questions in order to show that by proxy I am supporting your death but I really don't see it that way. You choose to live in a state. You have the freedom to move. I understand that this isn't always possible but I assume you would make necessary sacrifices in quality of life if you are willing to be put to death for disagreeing with the law. 
You know that you are living in an area with laws that you do not agree with and you break the law regardless. The government has done its job. It has created legislation that the majority of the community has agreed with and you were in the minority. I am sure there are cases that exist (which are generally failures of the system) where there is nowhere you can live and agree with the legistlation. In this case I could see your point and concede that the system has failed you. But in most cases it is your fault. 
You prescribe to the legal system by living its domain and you reap the benefits of the system (such as education, lack of fear for your life from war or crime, and financial stability) yet you expect the system to perfectly cater to you. You cannot handle the fact that someone else has any small amount of power over you. Unless you are alone in the universe someone will always have power over you. There is no system that exists and no function of anarchy to give you sole control over every aspect of your life. You better be praying for a mass extinction event because that is the only way the population will be small enough for you to live in isolation.
What do you want? What do you expect from a system of governance? Do you want things that order brings like education, property rights, and relative peace? Can you accept imperfection? If you lived in an imperfect system would you work to make it better?
To me it seems like since you find a flaw with the government you think the most logical thing is to abolish it and hope for the best. Do you want to build a new government in its place or do you want the lifestyle that anarchy brings (survival of the fittest)? If you built a new government in any way you saw fit it wouldn't be perfect and you would never have full control of yourself. In your mind it would always be evil. If you can't accept imperfection you are in a no win scenario.
Here is something you can do though. You can think of solutions to specific problems and attempt to implement them though a slow and iterative process. You can realize that someone has power over you and accept it. This is the only solution that does not lead to war, famine, and death.
This is the last I will argue with you. You can't accept an imperfect system and you have no solutions. All you do is spread cynicism. 
IMO the reason you believe this way is so you can feel persecuted and so you can feel righteous. Instead of thinking of solutions and improving your quality of life you actively seek to make yourself the victim and claim that your quality of life isn't good enough. If you want to keep in this train of thought I can guarantee you that you will not be responsible for the advancement of society.
In that paper you linked me the author had radical ideas and wanted to start a new government. He could accept that governance was necessary and understands that someone will always have power over him. I don't agree with everything that he said but he had solutions and talked about the problems which make governments required. He understood that taxes and laws are necessary for a good quality of life and I can guarantee you that he works to improve the government that he lives in.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:25:11
If we are going to be talking about biased definitions of a libertarian I may as well throw in another view.


Or by reality. I think most people like libertarian principles but our government doesn't abide by them because that system wouldn't work.
You can blame all the failures of governments on principles and ideologies but in reality running a government that is stable and peaceful is very difficult. It requires compromises of morality and ideologies in exchange for safety and stability. It requires carefully thinking about a possible solution to a problem from multiple sides and not blindly following a single ideology.
I don't know how you apply your philosophies to your ideas about how government should be run but I do see many libertarians taking a blindly optimistic approach, ignoring things like crimes and those who don't abide by their principles.
I see this in the bitcoin community. I see people who take a blindly optimistic approach to economics and believe that the Fed is a useless entity who only seeks to take away our freedom. We fight regulation and strive for anarchy. Instead of learning from those who think differently we strike them down and ridicule them. This attitude in the community actively hurts bitcoin and its potential to change the way we use money for the good. We succumb to the most common forms of group think and the radical libertarians lead the charge.
@_date: 2014-03-29 20:09:40


See there is your problem. You see the government as a faceless entity. These laws you break are put into effect by people who believe that those actions are wrong. These people care aobut crimes such as murder and theft which hurt others. There are other crimes that they also put into this category. You can disagree but that doesn't change the fact that when you commit a crime you are committing it against the people that deemed it a crime. You are hurting others. If you don't believe that your actions hurt others then you should seek to change the law or live somewhere where the laws fit your definition of harm.
The big problem with your world view is that you can't get past the problems you perceive. You have no concept of how to make something better than your definition of government.


In anarchy how will these crimes be "solved". Give me one example of how you can solve these crimes without taking power over another individual. How could you possibly support restraining or using deadly force against a murderer? What if he feels his actions are right and correct. What if he defends himself versus your actions of attempting to restrain him or somehow stop him from murdering whoever he doesn't like.
What about crimes of economics which are not so universally agreed on. There will always be someone who disagrees with your ruling of what is right.
This means you can either let that person continue in freedom even though his actions hurt others or you can stop him and maintain the freedoms of those he would hurt.
Give me a solution that doesn't rely on some sort of governance. How can people exist where everyone is absolutely free. What happens when someone wants to take away the freedoms of others? Do you take away his freedom to maintain the freedom of others?
I have demonstrated a contradiction in your world view. If you were interested in being more informed or changing your view then you would need to solve this contradiction. When you just ignore this and say something along the lines of


This isn't facing the problem. This is you shrugging off a contradiction in your worldview and that is you being irrational.
@_date: 2014-01-11 19:55:16
That is why all these third parties that allow easy access to bitcoin are great for mainstream adoption. Having a wallet and sending money to other people is less difficult than wiring money online and easier and more secure than putting in credit card information. Once people actually use bitcoin a couple times they will see that it is simpler to use than other virtual means of payment like credit cards. If it is easy to get a hold of bitcoin and start using it in transactions it becomes simple and easy. I am sure there will still be a lot of people who want to understand how it works but if it is easy to use we will see mainstream adoption eventually.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:48:12
But these governments do exist. I have lived my whole life with the freedom to do just about whatever I want. I have the choice to pursue any career which I enjoy and never have had to fear for my life out of war or crime. My government is nowhere close to perfect and never will be but we can continually improve it and make it better. There are those who suffer though poverty and war but there are so many more who are prosperous and free from the threat of violence.
What would happen with no government (that's what not paying taxes means)? Would we be suddenly be freed from our evil oppressors who terrorize us with the threat of taxes and learn to live together with other cultures in peace and prosperity? Would the successful give money (or food, or clothing) to the poor out of good will? Will thieves, murderers, and child molesters be prosecuted in a humane and consistent manner by whoever deems themselves an authority? There is only one way to find out. Lets just abolish our government and assume that the world will be awesome.
You have to understand that the majority of people do not want this. They choose to pay taxes not out of fear or oppression but because they voted to fund education and social programs. In fact for a long while the majority of Americans supported the enlargement of the American military and most still support its maintenance.
Do you want to live in a society where the majority of its citizens don't live how they want to live?
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:23:51
That was a compelling article. Thanks for linking it.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:58:11
Are you going to respond to any points I raised? I am actually really curious about what an anarchist thinks about these things. I get what you perceive as the problem. It is an important philosophical topic and certainly has merit to be debated. I don't agree but I can't fault you on your view. But what you do you see as a solution? How do you maintain civilization without government?
@_date: 2014-01-29 21:18:13
Lol do you have any evidence to support your claim? To me it seems like there was a lack of incriminating evidence to put much blame on HSBC. But I guess conspiracy and government oppression sounds better.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:00:25
I am quite sad I had to scroll this far down to find a comment like this.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:41:47
This thread has made me kind of scared at what bitcoin and the internet could allow to happen. For a while I have been seeing a lot of manipulation of major subreddits with political situations around the world. There are a ton of examples of deliberate manipulation as well as unintentional bias.
It can be annoying on reddit especially if you have a different view than the majority on some of these subjects. The scary thing is that reddit can affect the rest of the world in a pretty big way. When you see reddit taking sides on issues scary things could happen.
The protests in Ukraine are one example. The majority of reddit from the get go have supported the protesters. The government  became the bad guys and the protesters became the good guys. I happen to think somewhat similar to the majority and IMO the protesters are probably in the right but even after spending some time researching and trying to see the causes of the strife I still feel like I am not sure what exactly is going on.
It is pretty scary to think that reddit could fund a government being overthrown.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:18:28
Yeah that plays into this. But my point doesn't change too much. It still took this long to get a comment like this to this point. It took 11 hours for someone to write it. It is scary that a subreddit that is supposed to be discussion based and reasonable can produce a thread where the only well-thought-out opposing viewpoint comes 11 hours after the thread has been around. We should really be providing context to the situation early on and intelligently discussing the issues without circlejerking.
I guess this thread just seems more like a thread than one from a smaller, more in depth subreddit.
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:20:25
Before continuing this discussion I do want to point out that we have a lot of things in common. Aside from preventing and punishing crime (which will always be an issue) I support a society with more freedom and I think we will eventually get there without sacrificing stability. But I don't see the government as an immoral construct. Here is why:
The United States was founded on good intentions. It started out with two major schools of thought being those who wanted a central government and those who wanted many smaller regional governments. Much like in the paper you linked they sought to allow many different and unique cultures to exist independently with their own set of laws. But of course there are crimes that need to be punished regardless of culture or personal preference. And so you have states with regional power and the federal government with over arcing power.
There are crimes of violence and there are crimes of persecution. The federal government wasn't just a place for certain laws to be set in stone but it also assured that each regional government gave its citizens basic human rights.
But you see there are many complications. Economics are one complication. As our society relies on goods and services to be produced on a more massive scale than ever to support our way of life we rely on businesses to provide them. This is good from a libertarian point of view. This allows natural capitalism to take its course and the people decide which companies stay or die. Companies in different states can operate in different ways because each state has their own laws and their citizens have their own views on how a company should be run. Companies live and die by the consumer and the consumer decides which companies they want to support.
This is all well and good but issues arise. There are complex ways to deceive people and there are crimes perpetrated by monopolies who have no competition (to drive them to pro-consumer business tactics). Whoever is in power must handle these crimes and of course some of these crimes must be handled on a federal level. There are some things which everyone agrees is bad.
So now we have a complex system with checks and balances throughout to make sure that power is distrubted to as many as possible. People have many different views on this. Many move to other regions where the laws suit them and each culture shapes its own way of life.
Our government was founded on libertarian principles. If you agree with the paper you linked me you can see that governance is necessary and that in order to have freedom for all you need a distributed government which has different laws for different people. This is why we have states.
I believe that as we progress technology, we will have the ability to govern ourselves with less and less overhead. It is already more possible than ever before to be informed and impact your local government to make sound and fair judgments. 
With our current system, although it is complicated, we still have the power to shape the laws of our local community. As a state we can legalize marijuana or freedom of marriage regardless of sex. Or maybe we can do the opposite. Maybe the state has different morals and believes that marijuana is harmful to the mind. That state doesn't legalize it.
Through small incremental changes we as a community shape our freedoms and lives. Through fair competition (which the government makes possible) we have the power to choose which companies we wish to receive our goods from.
Where is this immoral construct in which we are slaves to? Maybe it is our ignorance. Perhaps the reason we allow injustice is because we don't know better. Why does a consumer buy a product from a company who only seeks to exploit them? It is because either there is not fair competition (an unregulated monopoly exists) or because the consumer is ignorant to this fact. This can be overcome by technology and education. Through technology we can know more and share our knowledge to others.
You may feel helpless and that you have no control over your own life but it is not true. There is just a lag. The previous generation made the laws it saw fit and our generation is making laws that we see fit which will eventually come into practice. We as a community are deciding our own future already.
Of course no government is possible without money to fund it. We are a capitalistic society after all. This is why we pay taxes. Not because we are slaves to an entity which seeks to control us but because we want to maintain this machine that is ever evolving and changing to fit the community on a city, county, state, and federal level. Taxes can be evil if looked at one way and it can be a necessary community contribution if looked at another way.
I like my government and will work to shape it. I am not going to try and solve all the problems in one go but instead make incremental changes to a better future.
Edit: Don't feel forced to respond anytime soon. If you hold a different view please do try to convince me and feel free to take your time.
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:47:30
There are a lot of people that want to get to Mars and if Mars One shows they are capable of organizing the whole thing they will get a ton of donations from many companies. No one company will be able to get to Mars. It will require the cooperation of many companies and probably governments. 
I am not saying that Mars One is feasible as they haven't been able to raise the kind of money they need yet. It also seems apparent that they may not know what they are doing from a scientific standpoint (of course with good technological advisers they could overcome this). 
It really all comes down to public support and good money management. Much of the technical stuff can be allocated to the companies designing the pieces of the mission and the few technological advisers putting everything together. I still have no idea if Mars One is the right company to do this but calling it a scam seems a bit out of bounds.
I feel like Mars One is more of a money raising company to try and fund a mission to Mars but most people seem to think that Mars One is trying to build each part of the mission by themselves.
@_date: 2014-03-29 07:32:47
I was hoping you were rational. Oh well...
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:21:21


How would this society handle crimes of violence (rape, murder, armed robbery)? Wouldn't we need some sort of structure to handle these crimes? What about more morally-questionable crimes like holding a monopoly and actively thwarting competition? Where do we draw the line and how long until we live in a democracy? Who decides that rape is wrong? What if I believe that women are an inferior race meant to be farmed for children? Is my view not valid and who decides this?
I hold very different philosophical views than you. I watched through your linked video and I have actively pursued this debate before and challenged those who held views similar to yourself. I am not convinced to think of myself as a slave and instead through the pursuit of knowledge learn to overcome my powerlessness. I can understand my own free will and give up my own freedoms because I understand that they are harmful to society. Instead of pretending to be a slave I recognize that the government is not a single entity who owns me but instead the collective creation of generations which I have the power to change (albeit slowly and through iterations).
I use my knowledge of economics and business to encourage business practices who respect their consumer and boycott those who's business model is deception and exploitation. I can use my knowledge of science and technology to create technologies that support things like bitcoin. These technologies have massive implications and can shape the structure of the government.
If someone could propose a full proof system in which everyone gets the freedoms that they want and is peaceful I would embrace it in a heartbeat. However, I am naturally skeptical of these ideas and will try to point out their flaws, not because I am pessimistic, but because I am cautious to trade our current system for one that is worse.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:49:44
Lol. Bankers are exempt from the law. How do you not understand this? I once saw a news story about a banker going to trial and being found not guilty. I don't really understand how economics work but I know he was guilty and used his money to get out of jail.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:05:59
These two situations are quite different. One has mostly circumstantial evidence and is hard to prosecute and the other has a lot of hard evidence and is easy to prosecute. HSBC is better at hiding their criminal actions than BitInstant was. Why compare these situations when they are completely different cases?
@_date: 2014-03-29 18:22:51
Your world view is full of holes and contradictions. You don't want to change that. All you want to do is feel like a victim. I gave a ton of reasons why government is necessary and why you will never be free of those who have power over you. Instead of debating these practical issues you resort to accusing me of violence and malice. In your scenario, which you crafted to make yourself feel persecuted, you were the one who initiated violence against fellow humans. In your scenario you were breaking laws that those around you deemed into existence. You had the option to move to an area with like minded people who have different laws yet you choose to initiate violence by committing that crime regardless and not submitting to authority. Over a small crime which is facing reform, instead of contributing to that reform, you would make a violent stand against authority hurting yourself and others.
You have no solutions. All you have is your desire to be persecuted and feel more informed than those around you. Any time someone challenges your world view you can call them a mindless sheep, slave to the government. You can ask them directed questions and if they fail the test you are free to write off anything they say as malice.
You are a part of your own religion and have no intention of changing your view. You do not care what is correct and true but instead you seek only to validate your own ideas. It is really sad and frustrating because I can't argue you into rationality. You won't gain anything through talking to me. You will grow old and teach your children your worldview and they will teach their children. You will be actively damaging society.
But of course nothing I say matters because you already wrote me off. Why would you listen to me? I failed your test. I have different views than you and that is just unacceptable.
@_date: 2014-03-29 07:55:00
It is really silly how you can rationalize your nonsensical worldview by claiming your critics want you killed. I just spent quite a bit of time reading your post history. I wish I would have done that before investing time into having a discussion with you.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:05:56
No I mean the one post that provides some context to the situation and doesn't just assume the issue is black and white. I'm happy to see this comment because it is a voice of reason in a thread of circlejerking and over exaggerations. Its nice to see that is more concerned about being informed than feeling like a victim.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:53:24
Exactly. I haven't trusted MtGox with my bitcoins in a long time. I really don't feel sorry for those who lost money by trusting it in MtGox's hands.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:48:42
Well this is reddit: the home of cynicism.
@_date: 2014-01-08 18:18:30
I agree there is a lot to lose here. If Mars One fails it would hurt the credibility of anyone who backs them and also diminish the chances that something similar will be tried again by more capable people.
However, I still feel like I don't know enough about the people involved to make that call. And they definitely aren't picking people at random. From what I read in the downvoted comments from the Mars One AMA it seemed like a lot of important factors were going into the selection. However most of this was focused on how well the people will work together and less on each individual's technical skill. I sincerely doubt there will be many finalists that do not possess some of the finest technical skills.
But this whole thing is in the planning stages and people are backing it. That does seem a bit crazy and I certainly wouldn't give any money until they had the backing from several respected space companies. It will be interesting to see how this all plays out and I certainly hope Mars One will succeed. 
One thing that I am fairly certain of is that this isn't a scam. There are large steps being made and there are some companies supporting them. The people at Mars One truly believe that they can do this.
@_date: 2014-01-30 17:23:44
Maybe before calling what I'm writing propaganda (which is really stupid. Do you think I am a government employee paid to write this or something?) you could get your facts strait. HSBC was not fined they made a settlement with the government. This makes complete sense to me. The government didn't have enough hard evidence to make a compelling case. So instead of attempting criminal prosecution and likely losing they offered a settlement. HSBC took it because they didn't want any more bad PR and wanted to avoid a lengthy legal battle. I see nothing here to suggest conspiracy or government corruption. Settlements happen all the time and they generally save legal fees and expedite the justice process. I totally understand if you are not a fan of settlements but its nothing extraordinary.
I don't know a ton about the US legal system but this is what I have gleaned from articles and comments I have read. If you disagree with me please argue and present evidence to support your claim. Saying things like:




doesn't make me change my mind or make anyone more informed. Why not post facts and sources? Why not make an argument to address my opinions? 
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:45:03
Because they are going to get it Mars on their own? And it is not like they are giving up their technology. They are simply using Mars One as a way to get their technology to mars. I am sure each company involved has a lot to gain if this is successful.
@_date: 2013-10-09 19:07:36
The whole video was pretty good. I would just start at 0:00.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:42:07
Well if the the government is making a decision that will impact me I think they should research and understand the topic. Since the government is making decisions that may affect bitcoin I think they should be informed about bitcoin. This post is great because it points out how the government makes decisions it doesn't know enough to make. I don't see how we got into the subject of whether or not our finances should be regulated. Whether or not we should have government regulation or government at all is irrelevant to this post. I think you just missed the point of the post. It is not serious. It is satire.
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:03:00
All I know is if I had that much money I would find a low risk investment and not something as volatile as bitcoins. I love bitcoins and I think they are great way to spend money but there is no way I would keep that much money tied to them.
@_date: 2013-05-05 20:54:28
I may start ordering obscene amounts of pizza now.
@_date: 2013-09-12 02:27:54
I bet if every bitcoin user boycotted apple they would lose so many sales that they would have to support wallet apps.
Oh wait... Honestly if the entirety of bitcoin users who actually use iPhones started using android devices Apple wouldn't even know. I'm not saying that Apple shouldn't support it or that I like Apple. All I am saying is that it doesn't hurt their business enough for them to care. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:17:50
Is this post saying anything of the sort? I thought it was making fun of the legal system by pointing out this sort of thing is rare and isn't expected. To me this is saying something like this politician did some of the basic things he should to fulfill his duties and that is rare.
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:07:56
@_date: 2013-08-05 22:15:50
Did you manage to miss the post submitted 8 hours ago on the front page of right now?
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:48:58
Here is a tip: don't listen to this subreddit. You have 150k in cash from a 1.5k investment. Bitcoin is quite volatile and could crash at any moment. Please just cash out and invest the money in something safer. If not you will more than likely see your bitcoin savings plummet.
@_date: 2013-08-06 03:22:56
Lol maybe you should wait til its off the front page?
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:18:57
Typical Glenn
@_date: 2013-07-26 21:30:47
It is still political though. Someone who is not politically neutral would see Anarcho-capitalism as an opposing ideology. The point is doesn't need to have any political influence.