@_author: driftwas
@_date: 2018-08-20 21:25:59
TA = $$$
@_date: 2018-08-21 02:30:19
Nobody's trying to fool you fool.
@_date: 2018-08-21 18:22:57
There are way too many misleading and outright wrong statements in your reply, however I will go through and debunk the main ones as you don't seem to have an understanding of what TA is and the caveats of the marketplace.
1. TA in its basic form, is a way to calculate and recognize "reoccuring" patterns that occur in the market. These patterns, when aligned with technical indicators will show you the probability of future occurences in the market. No one ever claims that TA is a crytsal ball or a way to look into the future. You keep trying to state that as a way to debunk a 40 year old technique that has worked for millions of traders and companies worldwide. Anyone who claims TA predicts the future is full of shit. 
TA will always place the odds in the traders favor. There is no disputing this fact. Any trader can show you a million different instances of patterns and indicators that have been realized on any given day or hour of the market. Not only this, but TA has been used for over 40 years to make fortunes within the financial secktor by both the small trader and large investment firm. Again....numbers and stats don't lie buddy. 
The problem with your way of thinking is that you have seemed to trick yourself into believing that traders think TA is a portal into the future, which no one ever claimed. 
If you know anything about human psychology, it's that human beings will always react in certain ways when placed into a group scenario. This is even more so true with the financial market. These patterns are easily identifiable when plotted onto a graphic chart. This is yet another reason why TA has proven to work time and time again. Just because you clearly don't understand it, doesn't mean that it doesn't work. You're mindset is that of someone who has no experience. If you were to ever expand your mind and not limit it so much, you would understand this. 
2. Yes, investing has it's place as well. People can and do make money off investing. That's a no brainer. The only caveat to investing is.....you better get the timing right. If you were to invest anytime towards the beginning of this year with BTC or any other altcoin for that matter, you would be in the hole. Now, you can always say that you will just hold another year or two and that is fine, however 82% of the altcoins that people invested in over the last 8 months will never recover. This is a statistical fact. 
The only digital currency worth investing in these days is BTC and ETH. Even then, if you invested back in Dec or Jan, you would be holding a HUGE bag right now and would be waiting a year or more just to break even. 
Now remember....ANYONE can invest. It doesn't require any special skillset, however MANY investments do not reward investors with a return. 
Also worth noting that investors ride out all the massive swings in the market. If bitcoin rallys 30% the investor wins, however he doesn't take the profit while it's on the table and when it dips by 45%, the investor suffers and simply has to wait for the next market cycle. This is NOT an effective or even efficient way of investing your money. 
If an investor were to gain even a BASIC fundamental understanding of TA and know when the likelihood of a dip or rally in the market is goint to occur, he/she would be able to exit the market during this dip and then re-enter, accumulating profit during the rally. This as opposed to suffering through all the highs and lows that the market brings. A LAZY trader would have made 15X the profit that a lazy investor would have when taking advantage of the market swings. Again, this goes back to efficiency and effective trading.
What people like you don't understand is....YOUR TIME is the most valuable asset you have. If you have the skillset and discpline to make 15X the profit over the course of a year (at the very least) as opposed to MAYBE making 2X the profit, then which one are you going to take? What you are effectively doing is taking advantage of time by leveraging a skillset to bring the most profit during the a certain period of time. This is called efficiency and is something that most people like you do not comprehend. 
If you were a farmer, would you be happy with with planting a few seeds in your backyard and wait a few months for crops to potentially sprout, if and when they ever do? OR would it be more efficient to plant the seeds on a plot of soil that you have tested to be "nutrient rich" because you tested the soil? Wouldn't it make more sense to also use fertilizer and tools that would 5X your harvest along with allowing the plants to grow exponentially more as compared to simply throwing the seeds in some dirt and hoping for the best? 
It's ok though. Some people are meant to be "worker bees" while others are smart enough to carefully plan, calculate, and execute on a much larger scale. Keep investing buddy. Maybe in 2 years you will have obtain the type of capital that I receive with 2 weeks or trading. You know the motto right? "Work smarter, not harder"
@_date: 2018-08-20 23:14:12
Nope. Only the dumb ones. Swing traders do not. You read too many negative posts about idiots on Reddit buddy.
@_date: 2018-08-21 18:56:41
Thank you. You proved my point with your unintelligent reply.
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:55:37
Never claimed to be a millionaire nor am I selling anything, so again, your point is mute.
Stop being such a child and accept the fact that some business matters, which you can't comprehend, are real. Next thing you'll be claiming is that people can't make a living online and it's all a scam. 
Just because you're not successful doesn't mean others are not....reddit troll. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:23:14
I'd love to see you prove me wrong as I'm living proof. There is a reason why TA has worked for decades and has made countless individuals wealthy.......and at the very least independent from a JOB.
When it comes down to it, it really doesn't matter what you think as your uneducated opinion holds no merit.