@_author: drillbert
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:49:48


It's hardly handwaving. 90% of the developers in Crypto are working on Ethereum. There are devs and architects focused entirely on solving the blockchain scaling problem, which Bitcoin and all other blockchains also struggle with. Yes, it will run into scaling issues in its current form. It's a tough problem but one I don't hear anybody working on it say is unsolvable. 
In terms of other resources if you mean energy, this too is a growing issue with all blockchains. Bitcoin currently consumes more power than Ireland and this is growing to unstainable levels. Ethereum isn't far behind. Casper (PoS) hopes to solve this issue.


This will be further reduced with the implementation of sharding.
A full node currently needs 200gb for the full, up-to-date blockchain. It grows around 500mb per day, so in total an additional 200gb per year total storage is required. The hard drive must be SSD and obviously a strong internet connection is required. Substantial yes, but hardly problematic.
Not sure how those other links you sent were relevant to your issue with Eth full nodes, other than you don't seem to like Ethereum for some reason? Anyone who thinks Ethereum is a 'fraud' at this stage ought to get their head examined. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:06:33


I replied because it seemed you were misinformed about the state of the tech, but it sounds to me like you are more interested in confirming what you want to believe, so I'll leave it at that.
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:53:54


Raiden was developed by a separate team who decided for themselves to release it as an ICO.  It wasn't necessarily appreciated by everyone in the Ethereum community, but that's decentralisation for you.


It's possible with a clear roadmap that most likely will be well on its way by end of 2018 — 2019.  A test version of Casper (POS) is going to be rolled out in the next update, where 1/100 blocks is POS. That should provide plenty of data to iron out any bugs and ensure the system works before full implementation.