@_author: driminicus
@_date: 2013-10-20 19:35:11
I never said nor meant that wikipedia is any kind of unbiased. Wikipedia does *try* to be.  
You have some good point and some bad points, but don't just assume I'm blind for them. Your post seems to lack a bit of nuance.
Wikipedia has its problems but you make it seem that it's without merit and that is plain untrue. The comparison to reddit is not really valid for a big amount of less controversial pages (eg a lot of scientific subjects).
[edit] by the way: the tone in your comment actually deprives from your points made, you sound a bit like a condescending know-it-all, which made it harder for me to take the effort to read the post and take your arguments seriously.
@_date: 2013-10-18 14:13:25
Maybe you can add in that the source cited actually never proves that bitcoin is used (more than any other currency) in illegal activities. The only line I found is conjecture by an FBI report.


At least that's all I could really find. Which sound more like a fear of the unknown than factual research based opinions.
It even says:


Regardless of weather BTC is factually used in illegal activities, the source mentioned to support that statement is downright bad.
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:18:56
No, since the windows OS can access the xubuntu partition.  
You can encrypt all of that (whole disk encryption) to add more safety, but a dedicated machine that someone malicious can't reach physically is safer.  
Note the saf*er*, because that's what we are talking about. There is no ultimate safe way to store bitcoins that can't be beaten. You can, however, make it more or less difficult. The idea is that it would require too much work to attack you, so the thief will go to someone else, or steal something else.
For that matter it works much the same way as securing your home, car or bike.
@_date: 2013-10-18 19:49:09
I disagree. The way you present a point will always have influence and that's not specifically a bad thing, it's just human nature.  
If you take it to extremes: if you start swearing for no good reason during a discussion, chances are you won't be taken seriously, no matter how good your point is.
Wikipedia tries to remain unbiased. This is *very* hard to do on more controversial subjects. If you formulate your point in a way that shows you're biased towards one opinion (and who are we kidding, we are biased) chances are you will be taken less serious.  
Of course that doesn't mean using the word 'fiat' will result in the point being ignored, but it does show a more biased opinion, which means that it detracts from the credibility of the point made.  
If you make a conscious effort to use unbiased language your point will probably be less biased anyway, thus increasing the chances of making it into the wiki page.
[edit]This is the reason the editing of the page adding random remarks about other currencies is a bad idea, it only paints the picture of a group of people that doesn't like the truth so they deface the wikipages.