@_author: driver07
@_date: 2014-04-05 16:38:30
hashfast like any other company must pay you back the full amount of money you paid to them if they must issue you a refund unless there is a " restocking fee " or similar . If you paid 5 bitcoins to purchase a product and they did not deliver then they owe you 5 bitcoins no matter what the price of bitcoins . Just like USD. When you buy a product from a store for 100.00 and have to return it for a full refund it matters not what the value of the dollar is today you are getting back 100.00 . Pay with a 100 dollar bill and the economy tanks you still only get a 100 dollar bill even if it is only worth 80 bucks . 
 I do not think anyone is going to get away with fighting for more coin if the price is lower than when you paid up. It is the risk you take when purchasing . 
 I suspect soon that Hasfast will not just have their bitcoin wallets seized but their bank accounts as well . They will go bankrupt and of course everyone is screwed as you will get nothing much if anything back from a court . Best bet is sue them now and get your money while they still have some property that can be seized and sold at auction.  
@_date: 2014-04-04 23:51:29
I am looking for anyone interested in suing Hashfast in a class action law suit. 
 If we can get enough people together that have been screwed by them and not received a refund then we have a good chance of class action . 
 their latest ploy is to try and get you to sign a waiver releasing them from any law suits in return for the refund . this legal document may contain something that lets them not pay you and get away with it . i am going to give it to my attorney to look at . At any rate it is only a ploy to buy time . 
 They are now offering upgrades for free if you let them ship you a miner in a few more months . This will turn into a few more and more months of course . 
 Class action law suits are used to sue  when individuals by them selves do not have the money to sue or the payback would not be enough to cover the expenditures . so with class action many people come together and sue for one cost thereby making it worth the time and cost . 
 I think enough people have been screwed by hashfast to get a suit going . Put the word out on forums and see what comes back . Otherwise we will all simply get nothing when they file for bankruptcy and pocket all our money . 
 If I get enough responses on forums I will set up an email account to respond to  and start looking for an attorney to take the case 
