@_author: drmiketyson
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:35:04
No this is dead wrong. HSBC failed to comply with anti-laundering regulations. Completely different.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:19:54
A lot of people want to debate Paul Krugman. I think what I am going to do is start an online campaign where I want to debate Ron Paul. Then I'll call him out on it for never debating me.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:18:10
Of course this guy is going to win: he just challenged the computer that automatically tweets all of Paul's blog entries to a debate.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:22:31
Ya, when is that going to happen? They've been telling me the dollar is going to collapse for 5 years, I'm still waiting.
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:49:08
They will be crowded out by the built in deflation of bitcoin. Why would I invest my money for a modest ROI when I can just let deflation increase my value without the risk? 
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:22:38
I don't really think you understand how the Central Banking system works. While it is true that the level of inflation is caused by the volume of money in circulation that isn't the whole story. There are many other factors at play such as the velocity of money, demand for a particular currency, interest rate, amount of money currently in reserve &amp;c. 
Since 2008 the economy is so depressed that no one wants to spend USD, no one wants to invest. Since there is an absence of demand people reduce supply which further slows the economy. In this situation the Central Bank needs to encourage spending to get things back on track, they do this by 'printing' more money (among other things). Since the demand for money in this situation is so low printing money (or changing the interest rate) will not lead to inflation: this is the infamous liquidity trap. 
In the future, once the economy starts to cook and inflation starts we can reduce the money supply again. 
It's all well and good that you think we should all form our own conclusions and live happy every after -- Kumbaya -- but before you do that you need to get educated. Preferably by reading the books written by the people who have spent their whole fucking life figuring this shit out. YMMV though, maybe I'm just a sheeple. 
Incidentally, do you often avoid road-signs and traffic signals since you know just as much about road safety as a civil engineer? We have experts for a reason people. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:44:48
I'm sorry but this is bullshit. It's like going to see a fortune reader, make enough predictions and eventually one will come true. People on the right have been screaming for years about this, specifying things that would lead to a collapse:
&amp;c. 
It's all well and good that water boils at 100 degrees, but they've been telling me that it boils at 80 and now I want some fucking tea. Where is my hyperinflation?
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:50:56
I responded that the debt levels seen in the US, as well as most modern western nations, are sustainable. You then said essentially "Lol, this guy thinks he can just give billions to everyone!!1!" which is not the case at all. The idea is that the market will bear the government having an appropriate level of debt; the data suggests that an appropriate level may even be in excess of 150% GDP, depending on the situation. 
You offer this in response to my question regarding what it is about Austrian economics, or the libertarian perspective, that is economically superior to the mainstream view. You appearently cannot offer an argument here from a theoretical or scientific (as in data) mode, so you then move to what I consider to be another strawman argument: that mainstream economics is somehow unsustainable because states have failed in the past. 
While it may be true that some states do fail economically, no system is perfect. There is enough variables and randomness in any economic system to ensure some amount of this. Modern economics is, however, a system that exists and can exist (unlike the anarchist system you describe). It has also proven to be the most successful economic system in human. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:58:07


The sort of safe investments that will be crowded out of the economy due to BTC's built in deflation?
@_date: 2013-06-04 15:03:20


Just curious, why should you support Austrian economic views as opposed to those of the mainstream? Certainly mainstream post-keynesian views are more rigorous in their mathematical treatment of the subject. Also, regardless of your understanding of debt I'm curious to know why you think the US Federal debt at &lt;90% GDP is "on its last leg"... Have you even been listening to the  Rogoff-Reinhart controversy? Not only is there no problem with this level of debt, there doesn't seem to be any level of debt that is cataclysmic.


None of these countries are fair comparisons. First of all the USSR is was not a capitalist system. China is not in "oblivion". Greece, Argentina, and Cyprus are poor comparisons because they do not have an independent central bank. Argentina has had problems do to pegging their dollar to the USD and the other two countries are in the Eurozone and have been hurt by monetary policy that is beneficial to the rest of the union.
There are a whole host of other countries that have been around for a long time without the state going into "oblivion": there is the USA, UK, Germany, France, Japan, Korea, &amp;c. 
Finally, I love how all of the officials working for the US government, at banks and in academia are misguided, but you -- YOU -- and the good folks down at mises.org have all the answers. It's delusional. 
@_date: 2013-06-01 23:59:05
No, just no, stop. You seem to be living your entire life in some sort of tinfoil bubble. How can you actually believe a website that has a graph that shows &gt;20% unemployment as the actual number since 2008? If that were true it would mean that the United States, for the past 5 years, has had worse unemployment than at any time during the great depression. How can you possibly believe that? How?
Please, please, please, just buy an econ textbook. Instead of understanding how the system actually works you have convinced yourself that the entire government and business community, people who have spend their entire lives studying the financial system, have  been conspiring to destroy the US economy. The most successful economic system in history. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 16:11:56
You sure post a lot on Reddit to be working for a software company whose products I use every day. Maybe they should fire you and lower the price of their product: *it's what the market demands!*
@_date: 2013-12-24 05:51:23


No this is definitely not the case those are completely different currencies and are subject to currency exchanges. The value of the France to Euro has a lot to do with balance of trade, and other factors. Selling T Bonds will always be possible, first because it is the safest investment possible (literally), and B because the treasury can always buy the bonds back, paying for them with government revenue. 


In which case the Fed will simply use other policy to bring the market back to reasonable conditions. This is such a ludicrous eventuality that we shouldn't even be discussing it. Not only have T Bond been one of the most reliable investments in history, but there is a serious academic theory in macroeconomic circles that states that government bonds are technically impsosible from becoming insolvent. 


This assumes that inflation will hit like a title wave, that there will be no trend. Literally we will all wake up one day and I'll have to bring a wheelbarrow to the bread store. That's not how these things work. There is a feedback system. Time to respond is part of the framework.






This is a ridiculous doomsday scenario. Central banks around the world don't just jack interest rates by whole percentage points. What will actually happen is that debtors will take a bit of a haircut and save more, slowing the economy... exactly what we would want to happen. 




"In the long run we are all dead". What have you done for me lately. 


Studies showing that the New Deal prolonged the depression definitely are not part of the mainstream consensus. We know that even if the New Deal failed, government spending for war definitely helped the economy. 


I'm being perfectly honest with this question: what the fuck does this whole paragraph have to do with monetary policy? Seriously. If anything this just says that we need a strong regulator to stop volatility from being amplified within the system. 


First of all, I already told you that the German hyperinflation crisis was not related to normal economic policy. Second, what Greek and Ukrainian hyperinflation are you talking about? I've never heard of them. In the ancient world only the Romans (in the west) had the sort of problem you are talking about... the problem is that not only was their economy far less understood and sophisticated than ours, but the nature of their monetary supply was radically dissimilar. These examples are bad.


Ah yes, Zimbabwe, the one country with hyperinflation in the last several years. Oh, let's forget that it also happens to be a country ruled by a dictator who is explicitly blamed for it's economic problems. As flawed as the IMF might be, cry me a god-damned river if you think it should be giving money to this guy. 


That's the whole god damned point! They don't often blow up, and when they do it isn't because they are unsafe, it's because people weren't following the rules. I'm not asking that you appeal to the expertise of politicians or lawyers, I'm asking that you appeal to the experise of the people who run the system. In that case Engineers and Scientists, in this case Economists. If that is too big a risk than I hope you never drive over a bridge again, because "you're gonna prepare for a worst case scenario". 


Only it's not like that, because no doctor will ever tell you that you shouldn't have health insurance. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:01:38
Dude, higher housing prices *were* needed in the early 2000s, and it did help the recovery. In fact, it was basically a textbook case of economic recovery. The fact that subprime mortgages, CDFs, and FED policy didn't take its foot off the gas in 2007/8 fucked the economy has nothing to do with 2001 recession. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:05:26
So? The adverse affect of base expansion is inflation, which is particularly low right now. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:18:46
How do you figure?
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:17:09
Are you serious? How the hell does a 23-year-old who apparently has no higher education, whose own website can't even name a single company he has worked with (says he worked for 'start-up' and 'consulted' 'dozens of businesses') know more about micro-economics than a professional economist? 
@_date: 2013-06-04 15:58:10
Just strawmen... that's all that you have to respond to my assertion to the fact that mainstream economics has merit.
If your utopian Ayn Rand state is so superior than why has there never been a functional example od one in history? Like it or not it is because it is not possible, so you might as well try and draw sense from the system we have. 
@_date: 2013-06-02 00:03:36
I applaud you sir. A hero needs but does not deserve. I salute your attempt at reason and hope to see you on other subreddits where people have an affinity for education and not fantasy. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:12:03


No, this is wrong. The central bank can simply remove money from the supply once inflation ticks upward. 


This is how we know that the back half of this post is full of shit. You can't compare the economies of the ancient world with modern ones. They were far less sophisticated, and all-together different. Furthermore, the Wiemar Republic's inflation in 1923/4 was, essentially, deliberate. Post-WW1 Germany had some very complicated fiscal/monetary policy because it was trying to find a way to cover (and get relief on) war reparations. This is sloppy and/or ignorant comparison. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 22:21:46


No no no. The Treasury issues Treasury Bonds (T Bonds) which the Fed purchases with cash at the discretion of the FOMC. This injects money into the market. If the Fed wishes to contract the monetary base it can simply sell the bonds back onto the market and destroy the money that it receives in return. This is just an example of how the FOMC can actively contract the monetary base. There are other methods as well. 


Unless you sell something and then destroy the money... maybe you could just sell the very things that you purchased to get the money out there to begin with...


The Fed knows very well what effects a raise in interest rates will have. It is the basic tenant of Fed policy. 


Citation needed. Seriously, I just blew a hole right into your analogy and your response is just "Well of course! we are going to be in even more shit!" Why? Because we have a modern banking section that can help? Or is it the increased freedom of fiat currency that is going to doom us? How about the fact that we actually have a theory of economics now, as opposed to just "Oh, we need to pay the bills, lets just dilute soliders' income!"


Yet where is this avalanche of inflation that you speak of? These are all non-sequitors. If anything *we don't have enough* Quantitative Easing since you are just listing off all of the symptoms of a liquidity trap. By the way.... that's like the opposite of hyperinflation.


I mean: ya. If listening to the people who maintain and actively study the system is sticking my head in the sand than I guess you're right. What you guys are doing, you bond vigilantes, and what you have been doing since 2009 when people first started crying of inflation, is no different than the people who "predict" nuclear meltdowns because they don't trust the engineers who actually run the plants. 