@_author: druguseacc
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:16:41
*Steals a card, decides to give a bank photo evidence of me stealing it, alongside my social security number, photo, photo of my I.D, photo of a card, my address which has to match I.D*
CIA: "Was getting planned part of your plan?"
Me: "OFCOURSE"
The next step is prison, where my $300 worth of bitcoins which will only grow in value as I no longer risk panic selling - as the months turn to 3 years, I walk out a free man...Smiling. As I just played the system for 3 squares a day for over 3 years, watching myself become the villain with a million.
See ya in da bleachers during one of my TED talks of the youngest trillionaire to make his money in prison
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:58:04
Lol relax. I made this name because someone was going to make a rookie mistake and possibly die from fent - I warned him. Months later on a post about rc planes someone calls me out and when he starts getting mad that I disagreed he brought up that post and claimed I did fent so I hardly could make reasonable arguments. I've never done more than cannabis, just know a lot about drug harm reduction and try helping people.
Anyways. I'ma just get my own card back tomorrow if I can, walk in and see what can be done at our bank. 
Btw...your idea omg - no offense meant but every element of that assumption is just asinine, starting at theres only three places that accept credit cards, and you can only have 1 card with them...ending with me giving out all the proof I did it, just one court order away... for less than $300...and the fact that most banks have you call in to manually allow balance checks for verification from bitcoin operations. Coulda just bought runescape gp/coins or whatever and sold that for bitcoins lol. Like literally any idea I come up with makes more sense loool. Buy damn tf2 hats, sell them for bitcoins, loose 15 percent just like if I did a in-person bitcoin swap lol.
Man I can do this all day omg. omfg I could just go on amazon, use dat website for trading bitcoins for amazon items, and then have anonymous bitcoins omfg. THIS IS JUST 10 SECONDS OF THOUGHT LOL
Honestly, thanks for the laughs m8 :3 brightened my night. I know you prob arent some mean dude or anything just happened to be wrong so have a good night, and in da future maybe rethink doing this (unless ye trollin, if so then u do u, i cant judge) 
**once again have a great night amigo, peace n luvs :3 &lt;3**
