@_author: drumcrazy72
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:41:51
If you buy now and it dips/drops after the fork, don't panic sell it. Bear in mind that in the future, trillions in fiat are going to be chasing yield/safety in crypto. So if you are patient, you will be happy. Also, noone really knows which flavour of bitcoin will come out on top, but a rising tide lifts all boats. So there's a good chance that whoever "wins" in the coming months, the others won't "lose" per se. The fact that you are even contemplating buying bitcoin, puts you ahead of the 99% who aren't. By June next year, awareness could be at 3-5% of the population, and then there'll be cues to get in, like the biggest circus the world has ever seen. Holding cash in a bank guarantees 5% lost purchasing power EVERY year. Holding bitcoin is at LEAST as safe as money in the bank. But the upside potential for bitcoin is much, much bigger. Check out longforecast.com is you want to see some price projections...which of course can always go up/down. But you will note that the yields are better than any bank on the planet are projecting for the forseeable future.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:55:54
10 years in web development and 3 as an I.T. admin and I ignored bitcoin just as easily for well over a year. Didn't want to learn about it, sounded goofy...all the rest. I've known the finance system was completely corrupt (only for the last 3 years), but still only bought my first btc in july this year. With all of my computer skills and knowledge of software, it still took me 3 months(and very little sleep) to learn even where to buy it and attempt to describe btc in a concise sentence (still working on that sentence, too). So you shouldn't be kicking yourself any more than anyone else. You're still 1/100 who've even heard about crypto. That makes you early to a deserted beach. Buy land while it's cheap...and before everyone else hears how good the fishing is.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:45:35
Buddy I find independentreserve.com is always cheaper. Did you shop around for prices? Coinjar.com.au, bitcoin.com.au and btcmarkets.net are always more expensive than independentreserve.com. I only use independentreserve now for btc or eth. The premiums for btc(xbt) and eth always seem less rediculous there. Saving onboarding $ is the same as making profit ;) Cheers from Central Qld.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:24:39
Yes, providing ID is very uncomfortable, but unfortunately necessary. Makes me laugh when the media says bitcoin is for terrorists and money launderers. If that were the case, they'd be significantly more easy to round-up, if you knew their passport number and address. I think political affiliation will remain the easiest way to launder money/provide terrorist-like services for the forseeable future. For the rest of us honest folk, there's crypto.