@_author: drumcodedori
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:06:32
Let me just say that if this were the other way around, the left would be calling it a "hate crime". Every media outlet would have this as headline news: "gay, Asian, Muslim, and Mexican pepper sprayed by racist trump supporters". 
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:42:47
You're comparing the KKK and ISIS to people who showed up peacefully to listen to a speech.... You have a backwards idea of who the average trump supporter is. You really think that the majority of America is racist? The left is outraged over what's happening in politics right now but why weren't they outraged when obama was drone striking 30,000 muslims per year? Why weren't they outraged when obama deported 2 million undocumented immigrants? Why weren't they outraged by Bill Clinton when he signed into effect the anti-gay act (DOMA)? They didn't care that Hillary was anti-gay until 2012! You really think trump is the problem? This shit has been going on for years but nobody cares because the Democratic Party does a hell of a good job at sugar coating the truth and making sure that they don't say anything that will offend anyone. Both parties are equally corrupt, but our first amendment right should NEVER be censored and violence should never be excused. Wake up babe. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 17:53:21
First of all....Major kudos for standing up for what you believe in. As a lesbian libertarian living in California, I understand what it's like to have an enormous amount of backlash from the left just by speaking your mind. 
I heard that there were zero arrests on the night of the riot. What happened moments after you were pepper sprayed? Were there people around to help? From the video it looked like you were pretty outnumbered, even the reporter seemed to be pretty anti-trump. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 08:37:22
So basically what you're insinuating is that it's not really a hate crime if the victim happens to be in favor of a guy who YOU think is a big meanie head. Is that right? I am not a trump supporter by any means but I do support our first amendment right to free speech. These people were simply showing up to hear a speaker and were brutally attacked. The left is so afraid of "mean words" that they'll justify an act of terrorism just to make sure nobody gets their feelings hurt. Do you even see the hypocrisy? 