@_author: druuseph
@_date: 2014-03-31 13:42:18
Unfortunately there's plenty of fringe elements who've attached themselves to cryptos that need no help making themselves look that way. These are the people who will respond to any disagreement by calling you a 'statist' as if it is in anyway insulting to anyone outside their ideological circle. But I guess if we were truly enlightened we would exist in that circle and that would cut the core so the joke is on the rest of us dirty statists.
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:04:48
Well then you just open up customers to abuse which is shitty business practice and only works to undercut your goals. I'm far from one of those people who thinks that governments shouldn't regulate but if you are of that position you can't apply that same logic to private entities. By having a complete hands off approach and saying that the market will iron it out *eventually* you are hurting the people you are trying to help and basically telling them it's their own damn fault despite being in a position to prevent that. There's nothing wrong or hypocritical with a company setting up a review process (Even one that is not transparent) and rejecting some applicants if they don't meet those standards. You help way more people than you hurt in doing that. As long as it stays fair and money doesn't speak louder than actions you're proving that you don't need a governmental body to intervene because you're doing their job for them.
@_date: 2014-02-21 04:30:58
Because greed, period. They started playing it loose with their liquidity and, in my opinion, artificially inflating their prices to attract less savvy individuals who wanted to get in BTC and didn't think beyond 'higher number = good'. 
Then they get attacked via a vulnerability in their system they've been too irresponsible to fix in proper time and a run gets triggered. All it takes is a couple of whales to pack up and head for the exit to exhaust what they were sitting on and instead of admitting that they played games for the last couple of weeks to milk transaction fees that they then in turn use to cash people out. That's why the price keeps going lower and lower because everyone is trying to hand the bag off to the next idiot, generating fees as they do so and getting in line to cut their losses and get out. Eventually there's going to be no one left to take the shitty deal and even if everyone gets cashed out it's going to take a long time and they are all at a serious loss.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:43:50
Buffet has never been someone to invest in commodities. Say what you want about what you think Bitcoin will be but right now it is functionally a commodity and in my opinion will continue to be in perpetuity. 
Is he right when he says it won't be around in 10 to 20 years? In my opinion no. He's a good investor, not a wizard, so obviously everything he says is not sacrosanct. However, I do believe that, just like Gold this is going to be a constant boom and bust bet against the current economic forecast because most people are not looking to keep their wealth in cryptocurrencies but rather to exchange back and forth between cryptos and fiat based on what payment method makes the most sense whatever particular transaction they are looking to make. This makes value kind of irrelevant and while we can try to time the market right I believe that the amount of speculation currently way outstrips the usefulness of the commodity, just like the Gold market that Buffet warned against. Does that mean everyone was a fool for investing in Gold? No, but many were and even those who understood what was happening had to time their exit right lest they let their greed strip them of their money. 
In cryptocurrencies as well there's a temptation to go all in and continually reinvest earnings back into my holdings. For some this is going to work out brilliantly, for most it will likely be a complete wash or a small loss. Everyone who invests in commodities can not possibly come out ahead. You always have bag holders and in the case of Gold there were a ton of them who jumped on board despite value being utterly ridiculous thinking it was still going to go upward to the point where no one but the speculators were buying and the necessary, practical support all but disappeared before it corrected itself drastically. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:43:58
You're everything that is wrong with venture capital today. You've made your money already through first mover advantage and now you act as if you're the sage on the mountain throwing around cliches and grandiosity in the best impersonation of an Ayn Rand character you can muster. To tell us what....? Stay the course? 
We'll all 'pay the price?' Yeah, because you've paid it so heavily so far, right? 550 coins is a large raw number but was it money that affected your basic quality of life? No, and I bet a lot of those were accumulated after they became Goxcoins because it was a low cost of entry high risk/ high reward scenario. A lot of people (Foolish ones or otherwise) saw a significant portion of their personal wealth just disappear due to an opaque organization that you personally helped to keep alive by continuing to use it so excuse me if I'm not yielding to your 'expertise' here.
The fact is that for all the lip service people in the community like to give to the free market they suck at it. Royally. Here we have an organization that has been known to be terrible, that is as transparent as a concrete wall and has been noticeably artificially inflating their price for at least the last 6 months, if not longer. If the market worked in the way we all like to glorify no one besides the most foolish and those with the highest risk tolerance should have been in Gox 3 months ago, let alone today. 
Be it due to laziness, greed, stupidity or a multitude of other factors no mechanisms worked here to correct this organization until it collapsed to the ground and took people's money with it. And yet now you are here telling people to put a band-aid on a gaping wound and limp toward the next black hole to throw their money into. Why? Why should anyone at this point repeat this foolishness when it's clear that the market doesn't work because it's nothing but speculation. Why should we not codify our demand that organizations handling our money have a certain amount of transparency? Furthermore, without a proper regulatory mechanism how the hell do we know if they are even complying with such demands when they claim they are? Information is king and yet we're flying by the seat of our pants blind and the people who control the system such as yourself are paying it lip service after having already exploited the system to your benefit and you stand to make a lot more as people fail to do the same. 
Now full disclosure, I lost nothing in Gox and my total holdings in all cryptocurrencies is pretty insignificant. However, I do believe that this technology has a future but to claim that it's some new world order that will supplant the current system is nuts in my view. Some form of crypto is going to come out the otherside of all this weirdness as a more efficient means to do internet commerce where a decentralized system can process transactions and cut out the high fee driven credit card processors of today but that's about as far as I see it going. If that disqualifies what I've just said then so be it but I urge you all not to give someone legitimacy just because they are sitting on a pile of cash.
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:37:28
I'm not sure about suicide but there is a high correlation to anxiety disorders and depression so I would assume a link exists as mental illness has a known correlation with suicide. 
There's also the fact that IQ is kind of a useless number when trying to figure out how it applies to anything but the test. You could be a literal genius when it comes to answering those question but when it comes to novel thought or unprompted application you could be completely incapable. There are people who do average to poorly on IQ tests relative to the outside world's perception of them because they possess intelligences such as social intelligence that you can't test with the conventional IQ test. In the end it's just a number honestly and while it will tell you some traits in aggregate it's pretty useless information that only the most egotistical are going to roll out all the time.
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:15:14
I'm sorry but you live in a dream world of groupthink bullshit. Even if we assume markets self regulate by definition it will be on a delay *after* unassuming customers who did proper due diligence get fucked by bad actors. Personally I'd rather have slightly less efficient markets caused by making sure companies were being responsible rather than just having a hands off approach which requires people to be exploited before the rest of the world knows there's an issue. To be okay with that kind of trade off is incredibly callous and frankly short sighted because chances are you yourself would get bit by that and the world would just shrug their shoulders to you and tell you to deal with it. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 13:28:09
Buffet has never been one to invest in commodities, which Bitcoin functions as. His reasoning is that with any commodity there comes a certain point where speculation overtakes actual market driven value changes and it can be hard to discern at which point one gives way to the next. Inevitably the cost of most speculation driven commodities will get so absurd that people who need it will stop buying and force a correction taking most peoples money with it because they bought it well above the real price.
Bitcoin is a bit different in that the cost of the coin itself is fairly irrelevant to the use of it but that means that by and large the entirety of the market is driven by speculation as you can see every time some one sneezes in China and the bottom drops out. If you play it right you can still make a lot of money but it's going to likely be less profit for more work than more typical investing. That's not to say no one can make money but it's fairly zero sum at this point where most people are going to be holding the bag as people who have tons of moving power consistently use them to increase their already sizable pockets. That's not a sustainable market if infrastructure doesn't develop at a pace quick enough to diffuse this money into the real economy and frankly if someone like Buffet were to throw his money into the pool that is less and less likely to happen because there would be even more incentive to play the speculation rollercoaster.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:02:38
Yes, clearly I have no idea that markets are supposed to operate by logic and shitty organizations like Gox  should have their business move away to better alternatives before a crisis point like this happens. Clearly.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:56:33
It limped along like a zombie for months and any attempt to point that out was met with hostility and claims of FUD. Even those who theoretically should have known better according to market theory are licking wounds today so don't tell me the market is working. Path dependency and lemmings syndrome props up these worthless entities well past the point of logic.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:06:07
He is rich. Mondo rich. He got 120k coins for his casino site so for him that is chump change and that is my point. He tries to win sympathy with that large number minus the context that he doesn't even feel that kind of loss.
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:28:28
Why must we abandon common sense? There's undoubtedly compelling reasons to set up objective standards, granted, but in the pursuit of objectivity human judgment should not always be thrown to the wayside as some kind of unusable method of screening. There are plenty of times where the actions of a company or body do not necessarily meet an objective standard but accomplish a positive end. To say that's unjustifiable only serves to create bright line rules that carry with them unintended consequences and bureaucratic inefficiencies as organizations structure themselves around an internal logic that rejects possibly relevant information because it's too far outside their preconceived box.  
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:22:27
They'd just become banks in that case so same issue that has yet to be addressed. I mean this is all such a fantasy anyway, it's never going to be the only game in town but even if that happens you're still dancing around the fact that there will be large entities controlling the money supply and the decentralized roots will mean fuck all to the centralized conclusion.
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:37:17
My point is who gives a fuck if it started that way if it's no longer like that? Great, the origins are truly a Libertarian's wet dream but the final destination seems to be the perfect example of every argument counter to that kind of system. If one or two huge entities end up controlling the majority of the system there's really no substantive difference between those those entities and a government beyond the philosophical discussions of coercion. In a practical sense it ends up at the same place that is arguably worse due to the profit motive.
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:50:00
The system works if the Bitcoin holds value. Bitcoin holds value if it can be exchanged for other currencies. Exchanges *are* essential to the system and (government or no government) they can effectively control it. I guess the one real substantive difference between a government backed currency and this is that we can choose not to use it and let it die but would that really be a triumph of a free market? Not in my book, in fact that seems like a great reason not to support unregulated markets because the trajectory is almost always fatal.
@_date: 2015-05-08 14:24:16
Which proves a point that often gets shuffled under the rug because it's inconvenient to people's ideologies; Free markets lead to consolidation and centralization. For all this whining and crying about big banks I fail to see any major difference in how this market is coming to be structured. It's true that the technology vastly improves  peer to peer payments and for that reason I continue to support it but you're a fool if you think that the system is truly decentralized now. 
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:18:35
There's a huge different between *can* and actually *does* and I take no solace whatsoever in the former. Where's the value in the potential when it's clear that that is not how it will be structured?
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:54:44
So you'd trade government control for large corporate control, again show me where the benefit is beyond the philosophical. It seems to me you're in a worse position if Bitcoin is the only real game in town and it's controlled by large private entities than if it was a regulated market with some democratic control.
@_date: 2015-09-08 12:01:45
While I probably wouldn't characterize it as a purposeful move on the part of the creators he's not wrong in pointing out that it's become a trap for a lot of people. Studios haven't been able to shut it down so instead they are doing what they used to do with Napster and going after individual users. When the advantages of using it over a typical torrent client really boils down to little more than a player interface it really doesn't make sense to open yourself up to that risk.