@_author: dr-wasabi
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:03:43
Indeed, keeping blocks small and the fees high seems like a great strategy in the short term. Electricity isn't free and mining equipment is expensive. Bills have to be paid.
Small blocks leads to people reluctantly paying a larger fee in hopes that this will make their transaction go through faster. That's fine, so long as it only takes at most a couple of minutes and the fee itself is not higher than alternative methods of payment.
Miners get paid in bitcoin and are able to cover their cost and count their profits. But this cannot last forever. 
Today almost everybody I know pays extremely high fees and they still have to sit and wait... and wait... and hope... and then they have a cup of coffee and wait some more. 
"What the hell is going on? I paid for the service of a fast transaction and yet I still have to wait... it's been 42 minutes and not 1 confirmation yet. THIS IS BULLSHIT!".
I am by no means an expert on this issue, but even with my basic understanding of this currency it is very clear that users are losing their patience, and pretty soon their trust will follow. 
Bitcoin, like fiat currency is not backed by anything. It relies completely on trust in that the coins we carry today will still have value and use tomorrow. 
Now if confirmation times and transaction fees continue to increase, people will look at other coins or means of payment and then demand for Bitcoin will decrease. 
Miners still have to sell those Bitcoins for paper money somehow, keep the ship afloat. But this decrease in demand forces them to sell their hard earned Bitcoins for a lower price... well shit now what? 
If you bought a cup of coffee today with Bitcoin, you would not only anger the people in the queue behind you for making them wait almost an hour for your slow-ass fanzy pants magic internet money transaction to go through but your coffee will be as cold as the hearts of the miners who appose bigger blocks.
@_date: 2016-06-05 17:03:30
"Fuck off!".
@_date: 2017-10-18 17:51:37
That's the blocksize for ya. Made to be slow.
Edit: Let the downvotes begin!