@_author: drwhodoneit
@_date: 2016-04-07 12:55:53
And you are so naive thinking selling irreversible online anonymous currency with a profit doesn't involve any risks? Check other sellers term requirements how to avoid chargebacks and scams and you're safe.
Also you're wrong, 90% of customers are people who don't care about bitcoin price and want coins fast and don't want to wait 4-5 days to get them from exchange, that's why they are paying extra.
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:26:29
5 other pro traders also got these emails and 3 of them only used those emails at lbc.. so... they def got hacked and have been getting hacked over and over again. not good... no word from them.. even worse!
@_date: 2015-07-12 06:41:21
no, this makes zero sense.. coincafe isn't doing this because they fear the law... seriously... you ever get cryptowall? my friend did and he went to coincafe, why? coincafe has a big bolded ad right at the very top of the ransomware onion website.... did they pay for it? partnering with ransomware goons is alot worse than selling for ads that may or may not be used for prostitution.....
besides most of those backpage people are small timers buying a few bucks.. hardly as lucrative as the $1000 desperate ransomware people.. so they aren't losing much.
hmmmm only thing that makes sense is that they are applying for a bit license and want to appear to be "clean"... 
lets all think a little bit before we jump to conclusions. my friend deposited cash to their bank account for his virus bitcoins. anyone using their own bank account to move huge quantities of ransom-ware money is not concerned about the law. the hookers are just an scapegoat they can throw under the bus to appease the "man" and appear clean. 
I doubt they are even taking the time to report anyone, just a Lawsky show. they wanna be coinbase. i bought coins from these guys twice and they are hardly the dr evil types.
just use localbitcoins. the day is nearly over for these brokerages.. if u do use a brokerage site check out celery, my new fav.
