@_author: drxknowall
@_date: 2014-06-07 04:11:20
you make is sound like "FAKE NAME" Joseph should get an award or something. He did nothing for BTC, only for himself and in the process BTC blew up in Canada. Its time for Joseph to step down and leave the picture, otherwise virex only has one place to go, and thats DOWN
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:13:26
Actually, That did not really answer any of my questions!
It's ok, dont even bother responding. Everyone here can see how our dancing around are the serious questions and jts feeding us some generic bullshit answers.
Vault of Saotishi is now the only Canadian btc exchange in my eyes.
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:45:49
My accounts and who I am is of no concern to you. What should be of concern to you CAVIRTEX and cleaning u the mess you guys made.
WORK FROM HOME REPS---BIGGGG NO NO
FAKE NAMES----BIG NO NO
FAKE ADDRESS--- BIG NO NO
JOSEPH FAKE NAME DAVID---BIGGG NO NO
YOU GUYS ARE GOING DOWN FASTER THEN A CRACKWHORE LOOKING FOR HER NEXT FIX.
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:42:27
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:41:47
Yes, Joseph, they fake name using CEO needs to step down or CaVirtex wil end up like MTGOX
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:48:24
CAVIRTEX SHOULD BE ASHAMED! You guys are running this business like a bunch of monkeys with no real plans to fix all the problems with cavirtex.
BTW i hold over 2K btc and you lost all the potential income from me as a client.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:33:51
Hi CaVirtex, 
Its really nice to see you guys here working to better yourselves.  As you said before "we've made mistakes in the past" and so have I and every other poster here on reddit! Its just life, nobody is perfect and without fault. I really hope that you guys take from this all the good and make some positive changes because tbh you guys have been running CaVirtex like a bunch of monkeys. 
I would like to address a few different concerns I have that were brought up months ago on your bitcointalk thread.
1-How come the employees of CaVirtex are advised to use fake names? If I call my local bank (you guys are our local bank) when I speak with a representative they always introduce themselves with a real name. Is this going to change or is CaVirtex sill going to use fake names?
2-Where is Cavirtex located? Not the PO box! I would like to know an actual physical address that Joseph or others such as youself go into when they go to work. 
3-Work from home representatives. You guys openly admit to using reps located all over the country for your C.S. What information are these reps able to access regarding my personal information such as bank accounts, deposits, withdraws, photo ID's, address and what not. Have these "reps" been qualified for their positions? If so, how? Background check, criminal check, drug testing ect. I personally believe it is utterly irresponsible to have "reps" who you may, or may not ,really know working for you and giving them access to my personal information and allowing them to work from home. Who knows what these people may do with my private info. This should have been  actually. 
4-FINTRAC MSB LICENSE. Is FINTRAC aware of all the information above? Do they know the address they have on file for you is a UPS store pobox? Do they know that you use fake names when speaking to clients? Do they know that you use "work from home" reps who may or may not have access to our personal information?
I really want to see you guys pull this off but you are running an exchange in 2014 and acting like were back in 2011.
Thanks for yur time and I look forward to reading your responses 