@_author: dryak
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:54:44
Among other differences, bitcoin also gives choice in the payment method.


In this situation, you're locked to whatever  payment method the Vendor has chosen, who in turn has a limited choice of what options are popular among potential client.
If the merchant uses PayPal, you *have to* use paypal too, you don't have a choice.
Luckily, some merchant at least accept a few different payment methods (e.g.: Google Wallet in addition of PayPal).
Luckily also, some payment methods have started to accept credit card without requiring you to be registered with them.
But you're more or less limited to what the merchant accept, which basically nowadays means that, in order to shop on-line, you need to at least be registered with 2 out of PayPal, Google Wallet and Amazon.
Same also for a merchant. There might be some newer payment methods arriving on the market. But don't hope using them exclusively. If you don't at least also accept PayPal, there's no way most of your potential client will be doing business with you. Lots of them won't like being forced to register to yet another payment processor with you. 
Same situation with the credit cards: it's mostly a monopoly. you're more or less forced to use Master Card or Visa to be relevant today, either as a customer or as a vendor.
Luckily, most banks will issue credit card from these. (And that completely neglects that often Master Card issued by Bank X can be refused by payment machine at vendor Y. I'm still unable to tank gaz in Italy for example).
To put it short: If you're buying on internet using fiat, the path between your wallet and the vendor is set and none of you can decide much about it.
The only possibility is to skip this entirely and only do wire transfer. Which takes ages (several days) and costs (not everybody has the luck to live in SEPA countries :-D )
Now contrast this with bitcoins:


bitcoin protocol and software define a clear and standard way to exchange bitcoins.
So in that situation, the "BTC" step is a clear delimiter. Nobody gives a fuck about what happens on the other side of it.
From the customer's point of view, the only actually relevant part is :


As long as the customer gets bitcoins, the transaction will work, NO MATTER WHERE the bitcoins came from.
Customer could use exchanges like MtGox, BTC-e, etc.
Customer could use bitcoins vendors like coinbase, etc.
Customer could completely skip services and directly buy bitcoins for cash from other bitcoin users (soliciting help of localbitcoins, bitcoin.de, etc. to find users).
Customer could even skip fiat and mine the cryptocurrencies (and mine bitcoins, litecoins, primecoins, etc. depending on hardware).
It doesn't matter where the bitcoin came from they can be sent (from the exchange's "withdrawal" functions, from a webwallet, from the official client, etc.)
The customer is entirely free about which way to get the bitcoins.
Same for the vendor. The only relevant part is:


No matter where the BTC came from, they are accepted.
You mention bitpay. But the vendor could be using any other payment processor: Coinbase, etc.
Even a small newcomer can be used. It doesn't matter if the vendor is the first to use a new emerging processor, the processor will automatically work with any customer as long as it follows bitcoin protocol.
So unlike fiat, when using BTC to carry payment, each side of a transaction is entirely in charge of his/her half. Freedom to get the bitcoin from wherever for the customer, freedom to process payment with whichever for the merchant.
(even if the choices picked up are un-popular or too new).
As long as everything along the path complies with bitcoins protocol, it will work, no matter what.
(Skipass vending machine in french ski ressort randomly refusing my debit/credit cards would be impossible with bitcoins).
This is not only relevant for payments, but also for all the other advanced functions offered by bitcoins (like 2-out-of-3 signature).