@_author: drycleaningbenjamins
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:59:44
For now. But considering that most modernized countries in the world have some sort of AML/KYC regulation in place, I would expect this change. FATF, the Basel Committee and the EU will probably address regulations on virtual currency at some point.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:40:28


An anonymous exchange account, wherein illicit funds can be transferred all over the world in a blink of an eye, with little accountability or monitoring. 
This was the crux of Cohen's point. The anonymity in this cryptocurrency poses an inherent money laundering/terrorist financing risk, made even more inviting to terrorist financiers and professional money launderers through the lack of government regulation and monitoring. While similar to currency, the holder of VC is anonymous, it does not undergo the same international monitoring that currency does. This lack of monitoring makes it ideal for people who are looking to discretely move funds. Cohen goes on to state that there is not currently any data to suggest this is going on, but explains that is likely due to the uncontrollable value of the currency.  Money launders generally do not like to lose money in the process. 
While you have the ability to research activities on the internet to enable you to conduct terrorist activities,  it's impossible to do them without financing. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:35:15
Aside from the FinCEN guidance on regarding virtual currency exchangers being regulated as Money Services Businesses, to which regulations are you referring?
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:42:31


Shrem is charged with operating an unregistered MSB and providing advice to BTCKing on how to avoid being detected by AML programs, while he was legally responsible for having one. He then appears to have continued to process transactions fpr BTCKing. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:54:22
As stated earlier,  they're known for an inadequate monitoring system that didn't detect $15B in money laundering.  That's what Google found. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:48:59
First of all let me say thank you for coming at this topic from a reasonable perspective. While it's not something that a lot of community may like, regulation (US and international) is likely coming, and is made all the more likely as the "currency" becomes more popular. FinCEN fired the first shot when it required exchanges to be listed as MSBs and as such, are subject to the same regulations as money transmitters, check cashers, etc. 
If you want to help the community, you should do what you can to remove regulations on the banking community to treat MSB customers as higher risk. Based on my previous experiences, even if the government stops with the guidance that exchangers are MSBs, a lot of banks have been derisking MSB accounts because of the increased scrutiny they bring from their regulators. At the moment, a bank willing to deal with the risk can charge outrageous fees to the MSB just because of the limited number of banks offering these customers accounts. In my mind, thd future of virtual currency lies with the ability of businesses to exchange the coin for fiat currency. If businesses can't use a reputable exchanger, because of the limitations placed on the exchanger and the bank, then I don't see this thing as being anything more than just a passing fad.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:22:11
No. You pretty much nailed it. The first part of his speech was regarding the hypothetical risks virtual currency, not bitcoin specific, poses for money laundering and terrorist financing.  The second part addressed the controls in place and the FinCEN requirements that would treat exchangers as Money Service Businesses. The end was about the need for financial transparency, because of the aforementioned risks.
The title of the post is misleading and sensationalist.
@_date: 2014-03-19 02:53:19
Not a regulator, but I'll take at a stab at it:
1. According to the 9-11 commission, 9-11 cost approximately $400,000, with approximately $300,000 running through US banks. Based on current standards for financial institutions, this would have been noted. 
2. Well since the funding came as wire transactions from overseas banks, the controls in place at the time of the transactions would not have captured the suspicious activity. Since then, stronger KYC/CIP controls, requirements to file Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs), increased focus on typologies which are consistent with terrorist financing, have increased the ability of the financial institution's ability to identify activity. Also, Banks are legal required to report all activity which "Has no business or apparent lawful purpose or is not the type of transaction that the particular customer would normally be expected to engage in, and the bank knows of no reasonable explanation for the transaction after examining the available facts, including the background and possible purpose of the transaction". 
3. It affects a larger group of people than just terrorists, narcotraffickers and pedophiles. International criminal organizations, sanctioned persons and entities, Ponzi schemers or persons committing the various crimes: Identity Theft, Bankruptcy Fraud, Corporate Fraud, Healthcare Fraud, Securities and Commodities Fraud, Insurance Fraud, etc.
4. This is more of a non sequitur. Because of the requirements listed above, financial institutions are now required to have transaction monitoring systems that will easily identify an unusual $10,000 wire. It likely wouldn't have been identified then, but it most certainly would now. Keep in mind, financial institutions are not legally allowed to notify you of filed SARs, and they have safe harbor from civil liability. Even if your account is not closed, they may have filed a SAR on the $10,000 wire.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:11:32
Most countries in the world have Anti-Money Laundering laws and regulations in place that would identify currency transactions if they meet a certain threshold or appeared suspicious. Virtual cash activity does not fall into this category and Cohen's argument is that it should, within the US.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:34:36
While I don't disagree that the Internet is a wonderful tool which provides anonymity to would be terrorists, terrorist sympathizers and the like, it does not present as much of an opportunity for terrorists and terrorist financiers, as the existence of an anonymous currency would to make acts of terrorism a reality. Keep in mind Cohen didn't just talk about terrorism. Terrorists and their supporters; drug cartels and transnational criminal organizations; sanctioned countries and regimes; and basically anyone else who avoides the traditional banking system because of controls in place, would be the perfect type of user for an anonymous currency with zero regulation and oversight.
@_date: 2014-03-19 13:13:21
Ok. I'll attempt to address your many points and claims as best as I can, but I may have to make edits later.
While the information in SARs is subjective to the person completing the SAR, the requirements requiring banks to file is not. It's clearly documented and noncompliance carries significant penalties. 
1. Can you provide a source where it was proven or alleged that HSBC laundered $7B? The press release fron Treasury indicates that they had a poor BSA/AML program that missed $15B in reportable activity, for which HSBC was fined $2B. I'm unable to find any sources that even allege that HSBC was complicit. 
2. The argument of the non-existance of the boogeyman man running around with millions in diamonds isn't then proof that money launderers, terrorist financiers, and other criminals do not exist or that the money laundering laws are inadequate. 
3. Point 3 was to indicate that money laundering legislation would and does identify criminals conducting wide range of crime, not just terrorists and pedophiles. Regarding the stigmatized use of cash, we as a society are using cash less and because of it's anonymity and stability,  criminals will continue to use it for the foreseeable future.
4. Points 2 &amp; 4 were responses to your claims that money laundering wouldn't be found in the current transaction monitoring systems in the market. It is, because the typologies are known and financial institutions have a requirement to continue to update their typologies based on emerging trends. Now, do these systems also find a landlord who is moving assets from an account to avoid liability?  Absolutely,  and a SAR is warranted if the landlord structured the funds out of the account, because structuring is a crime. That being said,  I can't find a case where someone was convicted of structuring a small amount of funds without their being another cime as well.