@_author: drzogg
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:30:52
There's a summary for you, the trend is clear. If Oanda were still a good broker I would agree with you. But they're not. 
The last two months is especially worrying since they dropped 5% and 6% respectively, times that by 12...and the cause of that drop is very clear. The new spreads. No one is falling for the spin. 
Fact is no one thinks things are fine at Oanda except the people at Oanda. 
Every single trader I know who trades with Oanda is either investigating alternatives or have already opened accounts at alternatives. And I'm talking clients they've had since 2004. Long term profitable clients. 
Their reputation is in tatters and quite frankly no one trusts their agenda any more. As you can see on your forum the change in the spread model was widely regarded at best to be a thinly veiled excuse to increase revenue, and it's certainly been thought that Oanda is using the new model to run stops, as the spread increases are asymmetrical.
And quite frankly Oanda has turned into amateur night. They can't even display the trade history, which hasn't been a problem for as long as Oanda existed. Restrictions on trade volumes while ECN's are giving discounts on high volume and Oanda's clearly restricted theirs because they can't handle them. We know from the capital flows it's not new clients. 
Unless Oanda rapidly changes what they're doing, although I suspect it's to late,they don't stand a change in the fx market. They're no longer competitive on any aspects of the business. 
Those capital outflows are just going to increase. 
And no I don't work in the industry. I'm just a very, very disappointed client. Oanda used to be awesome. Now it's probably one of the worst brokers in fx. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:12:35
Not for long...!! Unless they very rapidly change their new ways...current capital outflow is 2.5% a month, that's on the full $150 mil they have of which $100 mil was venture cap. So it's $2.5 mil a month on $50 mil. At current rate if attrition O will drop about 50% of their client funds in the next 12 months.
Here's a link: 