@_author: ds23423442
@_date: 2013-04-30 08:14:35
1) Bitcoin will operate with NFC using hardware wallets that are basically NfC smartcards or mobile phones. They don't need internet because the payment terminals will have internet access (or at least access to some bitcoin payment system). Basically bitcoin can work just like your existing debit/credit card or the new NFC variants - except more securely.
2) You don't really need much.. just power and internet. I don't think we're suddenly going to wake up without power and internet.. at least, not for any extended length of time and not globally at once. How many times has a blackout stopped you from paying with a credit card? I'm guessing not many.
@_date: 2013-04-28 01:12:12
You mean to buy ads?
@_date: 2013-04-25 19:27:40
Thanks for explaining it.. it seems like there's one glaring problem with this scheme though; basically someone can say 'let me steal this 1BTC from you or else I'll blow up your 2BTC' - they still lose one BTC if the other guy declines to allow the theft, but I'm not sure if that will stop people from trying this or stop some people from letting them get away with it.
It's an interesting idea and I don't think it matters that you can't easily escrow the USD - people can find some other way to buy their initial risk BTC. If it wasn't for the asshole problem this might be useful, but then if it wasn't for that we wouldn't even need it.
I'm not convinced that there are 'better ways to do escrow'..  even the court system doesn't always work out fairly.
@_date: 2013-04-29 09:17:43
A lot of people (ie, students) live in shared rented temporary accommodation. Even if it is their address, it may not be for long.
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:57:17
it's an island.. just smuggle it in your yacht.
@_date: 2013-04-27 14:55:42
IMO, it won't work; but mailing a token does at least let you verify their address. Instead of mailing the BTC maybe just mail a verification letter with something they have to mail back to you in order to verify they received it. Obviously scammers do use maildrops, so this won't be foolproof either but it might cut down your fraud a bit.
@_date: 2013-04-27 15:10:29
Bitcoin is already easier to spend directly than gold/silver - and it's far easier to export if you decided to leave Japan.. customs are surely going to notice a bunch of gold coins but are powerless to stop you exporting bitcoins. 
Bitcoins are even fairly easy to sell anonymously using localbitcoins and person to person deals in any major city in the world.
That could be done with gold too but where's the localgold exchanging community? I don't think it really exists. If you want to buy or sell gold it's probably going to be at a jewlery/coin shop or similar where everything will be recorded. 
Also, I think there is more friction in dealing with precious metals.. you'd lose more on buying and selling than with bitcoin.. the person buying your gold is always going to be worried that it's fake and might need to pay to have it assayed - that doesn't exist with bitcoins as the software verifies them for you. If gold became more widely used I suspect fake gold would become a much larger problem as more fraudsters would be attracted to it. I guess these problems don't exist if you only buy paper gold, but then there's the very real risk that it may not exist at all.
There's also the possibility that bitcoin price appreciation may continue for a while yet - so you're far more likely to make a profit buying BTC than gold (imo) - but to counter that there's some risk bitcoin might fail and you lose out - which is unlikely to happen with gold (although maybe LENR or other techniques will allow us to synthesize cheap gold eventually).