@_author: dsafinado
@_date: 2018-01-23 04:32:20
First, P/E ratio is not related to book value but the price of the stock as a ratio to its earnings per share. 
Second, P/E ratio is a fine metric to value companies with stable earnings, but not those with high growth rates. TSLA has had a negative P/E since inception but if you had shorted the stock from the beginning you would’ve been wiped out. AMZN has had a sky high P/E ratio and avoiding the stock because of it would have caused you to miss incredible returns (I’m one of them).
Third, using bitcoin mining rewards as intrinsic value again assumes that adoption/usage, hash rate, and technology (both bitcoin itself leading to more usage, and mining in the form of more efficient energy usage) are all or mostly static. If this is your belief, then using mining rewards as a valuation metric I think is a fine method. I’ll gladly take the other side of the bet though.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:08:54
There can easily be a market based solution in which people with wallets can broadcast their willingness and capacity to become a lightening node. Larger exchanges are naturally the place to be one. Yes, in the beginning it will not be as decentralized but as soon as more people open up payment channels and are willing to work for a smaller fee, decentralization will naturally follow. Any person with enough funds  can start opening up payment channel with their friends, and eventually friends of friends will naturally go through you to pay bitcoin amongst themselves and charge less than an exchange. Besides, most peer to peer transaction don’t really exceed couple hundred USD equivalent BTC so it doesn’t require a large bank or an exchange to become a useful lightning node.
@_date: 2017-12-24 05:12:37
Well the block size would only go up to the extent that enough outstanding transactions are processed, Then, drive the fee down. If the transaction fee again drops below a certain threshold the block size can go back down to 1mb. 
Essentially transaction fee is a reflection of demand so supply has to be dynamic as well or else the whole ecosystem will end up getting strained. Yes, today miners can increase capacity by adding servers but this has significant fixed cost to implement. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:59:20
Since you seem to know the flaw in my reasoning can you answer OP’s question better? I’m here to learn as well.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:00:00
This is amazing. The ability to transact any number of transactions outside of block chain will make bitcoin so much easier to use. Yes, we need intermediaries if I don’t have payment channel open with the intended recipient but if these nodes who are essentially “bankers” in the middle get compensated for staking their funds to help people transact in the lightening network we have TWO layers of decentralization: the miners (on chain) and nodes (off chain).  It’s like a proof of stake for bitcoin but a much faster efficient way to scale.
After watching that video of the demo I sold all my BCC, LTC, VTC, and other coins which sell themselves as fast transaction alternatives to bitcoin.  I can’t think of any other coin to invest in except maybe Monero.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:35:32
My understanding is that if you have access to both private keys for both wallet A and wallet B, you can open the payment channel between the two wallets and freely transact as many times as you need. You only pay a fee twice: first when you open the payment channel and second when you close the payment channel, which then broadcasts the FINAL balance of the two wallets to the blockchain. 
Edit: as far as buying or selling BTC to other coins such as LTC, yes it’s called atomic swaps if I’m not mistaken. Just that the two parties have to agree on an exchange rate first. If this is scaled this could be the basis for a decentralized crypto exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:25:36
I’m hoping that’s the case too since I’m very pro segwit and lightning but I wanted a definitive answer from the community to make sure this is just FUD. 
@_date: 2018-02-24 15:01:44
I understand that running a full node is integral and the motivation for doing so is to have direct and full validation power of the blockchain. 
However practically speaking, not a lot of bitcoin owners care enough (or are paranoid enough) to run a full node themselves since it’s time consuming, does incur costs, and it’s inconvenient.
Are there any discussions on how to further add an economic incentive for people to run full nodes? Having a charismatic leader like Andreas asking the community to run a full node is fine, but not exactly the most optimal way. I’m hoping that allowing people to run a lightning hub would partially resolve this problem since they’re entitled to (albeit tiny amount) of fee, but can anyone here point me in the right direction?
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:40:16
The economic incentive is not enough if there’s not enough people running a full node, period. It may be true that only education and appreciation for the bitcoin network is sufficient to motivate people to run full nodes at present time, but I’m a realist and acknowledge that additional motivation is likely needed should the adoption rate increase. LN hopefully will serve this purpose.