@_author: dscotese
@_date: 2018-09-11 00:34:38
This sounds like what happened to me, which I put in my newsletter: 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:18:32
Miners still get to choose whether or not to include transactions.  How do we know it's 750,000?  Is there any way to identify the addresses holding them?
A "free market" is one in which no authority to violate other people is respected.  Miners who identify and refuse to include transactions from certain addresses in no way represent authorities violating people.
@_date: 2014-02-23 05:12:11
I don't think it's cool.  I think it sucks when laws get in the way of businesses making stupid decisions.  What the world lacks is easily noticeable distinctions.  The thugs making up laws do whatever they can to erase those distinctions, and this law forcing a PCN to permit practices it does not want is an example.  The PCNs that don't permit it should be allowed to behave so foolishly, and those who take the risk to allow it should reap the profits and good will of customers who take advantage.
Legislation is always bad because even if it's good, it's good only because it threatens to violate the property rights or other freedom of those who break it.  We only need the law we all know already: Don't Steal!
Just my two cents.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:29:23
You should explain how.  I'll give it a shot: The regulation of an industry tends to provide a crutch to a certain subgroup of that industry (end users, suppliers, whatever), and these crutches slowly become indispensable as their users lean more and more heavily on them.  But what is the cost?  The cost of enforcement, detection, and violation outweighs the benefit as a general principle.  If the benefit were higher, then industry itself would be "self-regulated" because those players who invented and followed their own rules would do better than others.
If you read about a concept invented by George Stigler called "regulatory capture," you'll see that over time, the subgroups that benefit from the regulation end up with the political power (coercion) and use it to prevent the competition that benefits the end users.  Coercion plays a role, but it is not what's at the base of this effect.  The foundation of the problems regulation causes is the acquiescence of those on whom the regulation is imposed.
This acquiescence to authority can also be called the "abdication of personal responsibility."  It is a failure to come of age, to eat of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, to know right from wrong, and to follow your conscience.  Consider how many people would have the feeling "well it isn't against the law, so I see nothing wrong with it."  This is gross negligence on the part of a human being because all human beings have the capacity for a conscience.  Use it, and stop whining for regulation.  And seek out others who have and use their consciences.  (Hint: MtGox does not appear to do so, but that remains to be seen.  I did eventually get my money from bitfloor!)
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:50:06
The goal isn't prevention.  It's coverup.  Check out Richard Grove's whistleblowing on Marsh &amp; McLennan.  Regulation might start with good intentions, but even then it has a net negative effect, and slowly gets replaced by bad intentions.  This is all a natural progression from the personal responsibility too many people abdicate in an effort to feel safe by acquiescing to the demands of authorities who happily provide crutches to make them ever more dependent and incapable of throwing off the chains of their tax-slavery.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:42:06
There are a few of us who do LIKE the hard knocks in the school of hard knocks.  They are lessons that are hard to forget, and quite valuable if you discard the ego that keeps the average person (pretending to be) pretty stupid.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:59:39
First, if you don't already believe that ignorance is the root of all evil, look into it because it's a given for me.  So you're doing evil because you're ignorant.  Jail is NOT going to fix that.  Being hunted, caught, and forced to pay back whoever is willing and motivated to go after you MIGHT do it.  If I had the chance, I'd try to make you less ignorant.  I do it all the time already when scammers try to trade with me on localbitcoins.  Eventually you learn.  You know that step for alcoholics anonymous where you go back to all the people you hurt and try to make it up to them?  That's not for the other people - that's for you.
And if you're not willing to give me back the coins you stole from me, then I have learned an expensive lesson about the kind of person you are.  I get the knowledge, not the coins.  That's good enough for me.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:33:39
I don't think it's so hard to figure out.  Confidence is a transient property based on immediate past experience.  Scarcity (in this case) is based on math.
In any case, the distribution of coins is problematic.  It doesn't make a lot of sense that there is suddenly far fewer coins than there were before, but it does make sense that a lot of people who thought they "owned" coins actually don't.
So... how long after having your life savings stolen from you do you start saving money again?  Do you give up forever?  I think not.  Granted, most people hold their life savings in fiat rather than btc, gold, or silver, but most here have already mulled that over long enough to see what would happen in a sane mind over a bit of time.  I give the price-depressing effect of this development with Gox about a week, give or take 5 days.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:10:40
It only puts wealth into places where it already is IF there are people trained to pretend they know as much as all the other people who are trading a given asset.  Such training is pretty rampant because of the reporting and disclosure laws and laws against insider trading, etc. etc.
It's the same old story where government provides such a strong and useful crutch for so long that everyone goes lame.  Due diligence has gone out of fashion with all these stupid consumer protection laws.  The authorities are salivating at the prospect of just enough pain to make people whine and cry for more regulation.  And what will they get?
The "insider trading" method of putting more wealth "in places where wealth and power already is" is a much more easily detected and avoided problem for those on the losing end than the subtle relentless attack on self-sufficiency and personal responsibility created by government meddling.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:39:52
I think you are relying a bit too heavily on legal enforcement.  This is the slave mentality.  Legal enforcement generally causes more problems than it solves.  Look at the war on drugs.  What we need is market enforcement.  The bitcoin price on MtGox shows that we are getting it.  It costs those who benefit from it in proportion to the benefit they get from it, though a large part of that benefit will come in lessons learned.  The question is, do you learn the lesson, or do you complain about it being administered by Mr. Market?
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:27:26
It's common for relatively small group of people to ruin the lives of every other human being on the planet (or at least in the countries they target) through the parasitic infestation called "government" too.  That's much slimier, however.
I mean specifically to detract from your "common now" point.  Being common in no way makes anything non-slimy or good or bad.  Competition = good.  Trash talking = bad.  Rather than trash talking, the "guy in cafe" should have been teaching austrian economics (since he was practicing it): competition improves things for customers.  If the cafe has agreed to prevent this, then it's good they're doing their job, as long as they do it in a moral way (as opposed to "legal" which is a form of mind control - did you know that "govern"="control" and "ment"="mind"?  check the [Peace Revolution Podcast]( for more!).
@_date: 2018-10-11 22:04:09
Really though, the more guns, the less violence.  People are chickens when others can shoot them.  I know I am.
@_date: 2018-10-10 22:48:12
This company has my blessing too.
@_date: 2016-12-21 16:23:39
The dollar is your "numeraire".  It's a useful term, and quite damaging to authority structures.  One people realize "Oh, the dollar is my numeraire," it gets a lot easier to see that fiat is a house of cards, and to start building on something more solid, like decentralized consensus.
@_date: 2017-05-01 16:55:56
Thanks for the shout out!  I am very grateful to you for posting this.  Would ir be much trouble to make items in the reports into links?  I could do it myself, I suppose, for everyone's benefit... Hmm...
@_date: 2017-05-01 18:59:41
Perfect.  Sorry for being so unobservant.  My bad.
@_date: 2013-05-17 15:49:26
I'm trying to locate the owner and my Google search found your comment.  How do you know him?
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:25:00
I *suspect* that the owner is aware of the problems with fractional reserve banking, which is what you're talking about.  Given such awareness, I doubt that he would engage in it himself.  It has been described in many places over the last several years as fraudulent, and he strikes me as someone who is very trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:32:26
Ja ja! Ich kann ein bischen deutsch, aber besser dass ein Deutscher übersetzt (oder "a few Germans" übersetzen) auf Englisch.  ZUm beispeiel du schriebst "declarations" und Ich kenne nichst was bedeutet das.
@_date: 2013-04-18 15:56:42
There is a domain recently registered at btc24-help.com.  There is a post in German that seems to be from you.  Can you confirm that it's from you?
@_date: 2013-04-15 04:30:06
If you agree, as I do, that bitcoin-24x.com is not a legitimate site, please report it to Google at 
You can also find more data about it at 
@_date: 2013-04-22 04:48:34
The Sting, Robert Redford and Paul Newman.  Great stuff.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:35:29
Don't trust anyone with more than you're willing to lose as the cost of learning that they are not trustworthy.  Buy local, with cash, in a public place, after you hang out with the seller for an hour while the transaction gets confirmed (or risk a little by having them use an escrow - like the one at localbitcoins.com - then you can have a much shorter meeting).