@_author: dsf2342422
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:24:56
If you're having difficulty, I still recommend liqpay as a pretty good means to getting bitcoins using a credit card. It's a bit tricky to use the liqpay site as it's poorly translated into english (maybe if you have a friend that knows russian they can help); anyway it allows you to buy bitcoins using a credit card on btc-e.com and bitcoin-24.com. No ID required and you don't even need to get off your ass. On top of that the fees are lower than bitinstant.
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:39:27
you can deposit to btc-e.com and bitcoin-24.com using a visa/mastercard via liqpay.com; there's some instructions for bitcoin-24 here;  
btc-e.com works the same way, you just need to contact their support for the deposit number.
liqpay is a bit hard to use.. some people here have posted that they were unable to get it working, but it worked fine for me.. i think the key is that when verifying your credit card they will authorize a random small payment that will reduce your available credit on the card. 
you have to then enter this amount during their credit card verification process.. note that this is an authorization, not an actual billing event so it never shows up on your credit card statement.. you can contact your bank and directly ask them 'how much did liqpay authorize' and they should be able to tell you, but you can also tell just by looking at your real time available credit balance in your online banking, as long as you check it immediately before you do the liqpay verification and again right after and subtract one from the other. also the site is in russian.. there's an english translation but some pages still contain russian text which makes it difficult to navigate.. google translate helps here.. anyway if you can get it working the liqpay deposit fee on btc-e.com is only 1% making it fairly competitive with other options for getting bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:53:34
I don't know what they use, but it's possible to do on a small scale using the standard bitcoin client from bitcoin.org. 
Specifically there's a server version of it called bitcoind (included in the main bitcoin distribution) which has a jsonrpc api that you can call from your own code.. it has commands like getnewaddress to generate a new bitcoin address or sendtoaddress to pay money to an address and getbalance and getreceivedbyaddress to check if any btc have been received to an address you own yet..
you could also possibly integrate bitcoinj into your codebase if you were using java.. or perhaps some other implementation of bitcoin for other languages.. if you want to build a small site though just using the regular bitcoind is fine.. if it turns out to be a major success then you can look at scaling it up later.
@_date: 2013-01-19 18:25:37
it could be that it does.. i'm not really sure how to tell. I guess it's probably best to just make sure you pay off your balance as quickly as possible so as no to rack up any interest..
@_date: 2013-01-18 19:57:52
I think it's slightly less of a problem going the other way.. the exchanges don't charge a high SEPA fee - you probably will get stung by your bank's EURGBP fx rate though :/
also, it may well be possible to use transferwise in reverse, just make an order with transferwise to pay yourself and then fund it from the exchange withdrawal.