@_author: dsfw3242342343
@_date: 2016-12-30 12:27:06
 maybe. i've never used it, it probably requires that you have a korean bank account so perhaps not what you're looking for.
@_date: 2016-12-29 23:40:10
currently USD $1007 in JPY.. was up in the $1030s yesterday.
@_date: 2016-12-25 06:21:45
nice scam
@_date: 2016-12-24 03:06:22
People have also paid more than that to buy on sites like paxful.com using paypal/credit cards etc.. and probably other short lived fat finger errors on low liquidity exchanges as well.. is the ATH price $1million if someone ever bought a satoshi for $0.01 to test out bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-12-24 03:27:02
Seems like there's one;  - maybe there are others if you check back when they're awake.
Otherwise your best bet is probably to open an account with  or  which trade in USD and EUR mostly. You send money there using a SWIFT bank wire which probably will cost a bit in fees, but maybe not any more than what people on localbitcoins are charging. 
If you have the opportunity to open a bank account in the EU I would recommend doing that as the euro SEPA payments system allows free transfers and is ideal for communicating with bitcoin exchanges. 
One possible way to do this might be the Estonian e-residency program; 
@_date: 2016-12-28 04:23:35
Sending money to offshore exchanges requires a wire transfer.. I don't know the details but you probably have to do this in branch a lot of the time (probably most online banking facilities don't support it) and fill out complicated forms and possibly even you have to have a reason from an acceptable list of reasons before you can proceed. It may not be that difficult once you open a new bank account with the right features and know what lies to tell the guy at the bank - in fact it may even be the the largest barrier is just that most people just don't know what to do.
Similarly it's difficult for foreigners to get access to any Indian bitcoin exchanges as they would need an Indian bank account to receive the Indian Rupee withdrawals and possibly Indian ID.
The other thing is that while the price difference may be relatively large the volumes are not so there isn't actually a very big opportunity here anyway
@_date: 2016-12-28 01:02:06
It's easier to match IP addresses with bitcoin addresses when they send bitcoin. Basically the first IP address that relays a transaction is the originator. If you have wiretaps all over the world and can see which node sent it first then it should be pretty easy to match this up. It should be possible to cross check with other related transactions (eg, might spend change outputs) and fill in any holes that were missing due to imperfect surveillance.
When receiving bitcoin on an SPV (thin) wallet you theoretically leak a small amount of identifying information through the bloom filter.. in theory over time maybe this would be useful to help nail you down, but certainly would be unlikely to be useful as a one off.
When receiving bitcoin on a full node wallet there should not be any leakage on receiving.
Realistically you're more likely to leak your IP by using bitcoin websites to pay for things or by looking at your own addresses on a block explorer than through your bitcoin wallet. Pretty much every single bitcoin related website is fronted by cloudflare and the ones that aren't are fronted by amazon or incapsula and they can all probably wiretap the https sessions and provide a nice chokepoint for intel agencies to slurp up all those sweet IP to bitcoin address mappings. Basically if you've ever looked at your address on blockchain.info or any similar site cloudflare already knows your IP and your reddit username since reddit is also conveniently cloudflare fronted.
@_date: 2016-12-28 12:47:37
Well it's difficult to do without significant spying resources. Electrum may actually be a special case in that it seems the desktop client may leak a all it's wallet addresses to an electrum server node.. so if you run one of those you might eventually learn their IP. It might be easier to get in touch with the scammer again and trick them into following a link that would record their IP.
@_date: 2016-12-25 06:18:14
All the exchanges publish market data.. usually via some json/rest API. Sites like coindesk or google usually take data from multiple such exchanges and combine it into an average.. usually they volume weight this giving more weight to exchanges with high volume (VWAP).. this gives far too much pricing power to chinese exchanges though so some price benchmarks exclude the chinese exchanges from the formula, or perhaps some of them take other things such as market depth as use that as a weighting factor.. it's all a bit finger in the air "let's try this". Ultimately the real price is whatever someone is offering you right now on an exchange where you have funds already deposited.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:54:05
It already did in Japan..