@_author: dsgfs314241
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:31:34
good luck.. just remember it probably won't work.. hopefully that doesn't matter for your purposes.
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:08:52
this is actually an example of something that doesn't really work.. for a couple of different reasons.. firstly, shapeshift.io is fronted by cloudflare who can see all your interactions with the site, record the src and destination addresses etc.. so even if shapeshift isn't monitoring it themselves, cloudflare probably are.. secondly shapeshift actually publishes all their recent transactions on their homepage and via a handy API.. it shows the src, dest currencies and excact amounts and a timestamp.. that's plenty of information to connect everything up with the blockchain transactions and figure out what funds went where.. literally anyone can do this since it's public info.. although it would be alot of work.. so probably they'll just look at the cloudflare logs and use that as a starting point to parallel construct a narrative where they did it using the public api.
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:18:50
there's loads, and they're all probably flawed in their own unique ways that you'll never find out about unless it ends up in court - and maybe not even then.. another big issue with bitcoin itself is that all transactions are sent cleartext unencrypted over the internet.. so when a minitoring station picks up the transaction from your initial broadcast they have your IP.. so you'd need to always use tor and maybe tor isn't secure either.
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:50:57


It might be possible to do it perfectly however there are lots of ways this could go wrong leaving your identity still connected.. probably almost nobody who attempts to launder their BTC does so in a way that would be sure to defeat state intelligence agencies.. maybe they get lucky, most likely the agencies dont actually care about whatever you're doing, but whatever methods people tell you are certainly not actually 100% effective.