@_author: dskvry
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:08:24
Network fees are built into the source code in inside every transaction by default. Also, block rewards. It's up to interpretation, but the evidence I see is that transaction fee variability was intended for expediting transactions, not for creating a gatekeeping scheme to maximize transaction fees.
But now we're bumping into social and economic theory, I'll bite. You're right, allowing "just anyone" to vote would make the system susceptible to outside influence, especially sybil attacks. Won't argue there. However, the majority of your Bitmain apologism relies on a string logic that is based on a false analogy. But first, history.
Bitcoin was designed to be mined by anyone with free computational power on PCs, technology that was proliferated in the late 1990's early 2000's and common amongst a large swathe of the population.
Then, it didn't take long for cleverness to result in GPU hashing. Within a few days GPU's started flying off the shelves. At least 3 people asked me if I had spare GPUs a day for a week. He who bought the most GPUs, found the most blocks. Who could afford the most GPUs? He with the most capital, that's who. Overnight early-adopting, low-tech miners unable to fork over the cash for orgies of loud GPUs were squeezed out. Bitcoin consolidation, phase 1.
Fast forward a few handfuls of months, and you have the advent of ASICs, which further complicated the problem. (1) The production of hashpower has the potential, and ultimately has become, monopolized by a manufacturer and (2) A race towards centralization by means of Pools was perpetuated by ASICs. Both of these points are at direct conflict with the stated purpose of decentralization. Bitcoin consolidation, phase 2.
Your theory holds strong had ASICs never been invented, but because of this historical milestone, this isn't a stake-based democracy, it's a mathematically sound plutocracy. Bitcoin's scaling mechanisms such as the halving schedule and difficulty increases, were not intended to be exploited by chipsets specifically manufactured to do so by central authorities. ASICs are the antithesis of the beginnings of Bitcoin and so your calls to Satoshi are not heard. The motives behind miners shouting down the observations of ASIC contradiction in ~2013 are nearly identical to the motives miners are shouting down on the block debate: Greed. 
He with the most money wins. 
But back to the primary point, I am not fully convinced that transaction fees were initially included in the source code for the purpose of centralized mining operations to extort the user base into paying more per transaction. What's the point if the transaction fees are as high if not higher than credit card fees? What's the point if it takes this much longer to process AND its fees are higher than Paypal? Remember, Bitcoin is a technology after all, and its value is determined not by a bunch of circle-jerking miners, but by the userbase. 
Transaction fees exist to provide expedition to transactions, not to squeeze coin out of users while the network refuses to address scaling issues. Your fee suggestion is myopic, and is proveably biased considering that you're a miner. 
"Transaction Fees" are the final phase of the Bitcoin Consolidation effort, but Bitcoin isn't proprietary... sooo good luck with that. 
"The customer is always right"
I sent some transactions for you.
2 confirmations in ~52 minutes, no "expedite fee"
2 Confirmations in &lt;10 minutes, no "expedite fee" 
No, I'm not advocating Dash as Bitcoin still makes up 85% of my portfolio.  The point is that Bitcoin needs to grow up and stop relying on "I was here first!" to validate its existence and learn from its humble, thankful and more progressive siblings. 
I use Bitcoin in everyday life to pay the majority of my bills, I've made roughly 100 tx in the last month, but only around 25 of those were not immediately settled into USD. If bitcoin had faster transaction times, 75 of those would have never been settled into USD. I'm not waiting a %$&amp;*ing hour for coffee, nor am I doubling the price of my coffee so I *might* get it 10-15 minutes quicker. Nope, it's faster and cheaper to settle it, ultimately shorting Bitcoin and in no way contributing to the bitcoin economy.  
"Won't somebody think of the miners!!!!" smh
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:15:48
The voting system isn't democratic, by definition it's plutocratic. If it were democratic the users of the system would have a say, and their mining overlords would have to listen since they would often be outnumbered. 
Also what you're practicing is definitively extortion. You're waging war against the people who bring value by user to the network. Bitcoin is a symbiotic relationship, where no piece of the network is more important than the other. Miners have been exploiting the users of the system through progressive centralization, and this will result in the users leaving bitcoin, and rendering the network useless.
Good luck with the protest, I'll be shorting and moving to a coin with transactions that take 10 minutes, not 4+ hours. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:46:50
I'm sorry but you obviously don't understand the core purpose of Bitcoin - and it's not my job to explain it to you.
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:30:31
Bingo. The Hashpower Mafia is coming, hide yo wife, hide yo kids. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:13:15
This would never happen with DPoS ;)
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:50:33
It's not persuasion of opinion when you own someone's livelihood and refuse to conduct business with people that disgree with you. It's an additional bang against your crap theory when Bitmain has a monopoly. You sound like a peasant amongst beggars whom the King gives bread, and thus you defend. Plebe. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:54:33


Dodged what bullet? I'm still up around 10K%, if I include realized profits, way more. Sounds like you've dodged a golden goose to me. 