@_author: dson321
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:38:42
Yea, I'm looking for exact numbers.  This will allow people to figure out how many bitcoin off-shoots are currently being withheld  from the market... in addition to any coins that Satoshi and all Hodlers in general have in their wallets.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:17:28
You can probably still execute buy orders no problem though ��
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:32:24
Saw that. Good news. It's not pretty, but it sounds somewhat encouraging... for now. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:14:31
Very surprised at how underwater they are at the moment. Lots of people's funds are trapped there. It's not a great situation. Customer support has been non-existent. I respect guys like Trace Mayer and Jesse Powell, but it's also amazing how silent they have been on the issue. I hear Trace drop plugs for Kraken on his podcasts all the time. Is he not aware of how bad the user experience is? Maybe they don't care. I guess as long as people's funds are safe, then it's all ok. But some people want their USD out now. Best move at this point might be to buy more Litecoin and Ether on the Kraken exchange and then just transfer it to GDAX or another exchange, then sell (obviously creates more tax events but it might be worth it if you just want to book your profits and take some money off the table).
Unfortunately, I think patience is the only move at this point... and daily pressure on customer support. I hope they are investing in their website and bank wire transfer mechanisms, because Kraken is a total joke right now. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:15:47
B2B is huge!  Supply chain transactions would definitely benefit from Bitcoin.  I think this will be especially true whenever SegWit gains widespread adoption and second layer scaling solutions emerge such as Lightning Network (based on my limited understanding of LN).  The majority of B2B/supply chain transactions will happen off-chain over the Lightning Network, with final settlement happening on the blockchain once the good/service has been delivered to the end-user.  
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:53:34
Peter Schiff should register all of his gold holdings on the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:20:24
From what I read, I believe the IRS only gets your records if you transacted more than $20k on the Coinbase platform in any one calendar/tax year between 2013 and 2015.
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:39:35
Once Coinbase releases BCash to its users, I expect a healthy selloff in that coin.  
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:53:16
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.  Definitely using an argument that is similar to an appeal to authority, which doesn't necessarily make him wrong about the future of bitcoin, but it's still a fallacious argument.  People are having a difficult time accepting bitcoin because it does not fit into any established line of thinking. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:41:58
Fair point 
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:49:01
Good to know. I hope they come up with a fix soon. 
@_date: 2015-12-15 17:48:12
Thanks for the response here. The author does cite a source claiming explicitly that the federal government owns $150 trillion in fossil fuel resources, so I think that's what I'm mostly focused on. Obviously I'd be interested to knows the key assumptions behind that valuation. Seems strange that the government doesn't use this fact to combat the arguments put forward by debt hawks. 
I generally agree that the debt should not be taken lightly. I was really just interested in the opinions of others on this article. 
@_date: 2015-12-18 14:01:53
Is this referring to the growth in bitcoin's money supply?
@_date: 2015-12-15 18:57:57
Hahaha, agreed! One thing that probably needs to be pointed out is: are there even real/potential buyers of government land and fossil fuel resources? Seriously, who has the kind of money to pay for even 1/10th, or even 1/100th of the $150 trillion in government owned fossil fuels and land? Maybe another government? I imagine most of the land the Feds own is offshore anyway. Who would be the most likely buyer of that land?
The more I think about it, the more I start to think this Forbes article has too many holes to be taken too seriously. Although I think I probably would admit that the US government has more hard assets than it reports on its balance sheet.
@_date: 2014-02-01 13:34:39
I withdrew 99% of my BTC a few days ago and the withdrawal went out fine.  Granted, it was a small amount.  Moral of the story is this: get out of Gox while you still can.  I recommend holding at least 75% of your coins in cold wallets.  
@_date: 2014-09-29 15:25:20
Sure, but those leaps occurred over 4-5 years of existence.  The positive feedback loop that Satoshi alluded to early on has been the trend so far.  Again, not saying that means Bitcoin is going mainstream, but I think it's important to have some perspective on the price and not let downward price pressure scare people into selling.  
@_date: 2014-01-18 23:04:29
There's always breathing new life into Ron Paul's competing currency legislation he drafted a while back.  legalize gold, silver, and digital currencies as all legitimate forms of legal tender.  Didn't Utah already do this with gold?  
@_date: 2014-03-21 03:12:08
The irony here is that, despite the "stickiness" of wages in an inflationary environment, the wealth disparity in our country continues to widen and real wages are not keeping up with inflation.  So while wages may still exhibit some stickiness, their adhesive is definitely diminishing.  
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:17:01
So if I spend half of the balance on my paper wallet, the other half of the bitcoins goes to a new public key correct?  
Does the private key for the first paper wallet public key still work for the second public key?  
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:11:24
Regardless of the specific opinions of R012, I think that the business that inquired for this ruling has a very interesting and compelling business model (I find it interesting that the company name wasn't disclosed).  This company's alleged business model manages to leverage Bitcoin's most compelling function, near 0% transaction costs.  This "reverse bitpay" concept has been floating around the internet for some time now.  It could be the missing piece of the puzzle in terms of making btc transactions convenient for merchants and customers.  If the business could raise the necessary capital to comply with regulations and build a back office, I would think that this would make for a very compelling use case for Bitcoin.  It could also issue    bitcoin-like receipts to the business and the consumer by storing all of its transactions on the blockchain with a memo describing the parties to the transaction and the price in USD.  If the buyer wanted a protection period, the bitcoin dealer could serve as the arbitrator in any dispute and hold the 3rd private key enabling the release of funds.... If Bitpay hasn't already thought of this stuff, I'm sure someone else will.  Seems like Bitpay has the necessary funding to comply with the regulations that are being asked of it.  FinCen regs aren't the worst of it.  It's the compliance in 50 states.  They'll load up on some KYC and AML personnel, and that'll be the end of it.  Personally, I would be more than willing to start seeking out reputable merchants who prefer this method of transaction.  I'd love to pay for my rent, groceries, automobiles, and houses in this way purely because I know the transaction is open, honest, and secure and they are everyday items that should always be accounted for.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 03:04:35
The idea of "sticky" wages in my opinion is just another flimsy pillar of Keynesianism that is accepted without much thought.  The reason why wages are "sticky" is due to the existence of powerful labor unions that co-opt government to deliver an advantage to the unions' members.  The other reason why wages are sticky is because in an inflationary environment, it is in a laborer's self-interest to fight and demand a higher wage, not a lower one, so that their standard of living can at least keep pace with inflation.  It's not that ground-breaking to point out that wages are resistant to decreasing in an economy where the monetary unit is steadily losing value all of the time.  Of course people won't be willing to accept a lower wage when the value of the currency tomorrow will be less than the value today!!
Labor is a service and a key input into the cost of production of other goods and services.  Like all goods and services, the cost of labor is best determined by supply and demand.  In a truly free-market with sound money, the price of labor would move in the same direction as all other goods and services: DOWN.  The beautiful thing is that no one would care because the purchasing power of their monetary unit is gaining value over time.  
In sum, "sticky" wages are a self-fulfilling prophecy in an inflationary environment.  
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:23:38
People should moderate their expectations.  Just because ONE senator seems to be open-minded does not mean anything really.  China seemed to be open-minded too.  Then their central bank threw down a huge road block.  Ultimately, the success or failure of Bitcoin (sound money) will hinge almost entirely on Bitcoin's biggest advocates being able to educate those who do not understand Bitcoin... and do it in a way that is not overly antagonistic to the established order. 
@_date: 2017-02-05 16:20:51
Bitcoin/blockchain technology is the Internet's killer app. 
The killer app for Bitcoin will be educating people on how to use bitcoin wallets and safely engage in commerce using cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:59:49
Why is the Dwolla/Venmo integration not possible?  Just curious and interested.  I feel like this would be the true killerapp that could take Bitcoin global.  
@_date: 2017-02-12 12:55:21
Yea I think you have a point, and I should have listed "inaction" as one of the possible scenarios in my original post. Right now, there appears to be three different paths forward: SegWit adoption, blocksize increase, or inaction.
It's unclear to me how any of these paths forward will change Bitcoin as a store of value.
@_date: 2017-02-12 04:06:41
So then in your opinion, what is the best model?  
@_date: 2015-01-22 15:00:27
Blockchain.info.... do your transaction labels for mycelium, electrum etc. get posted to the actual blockchain as well?  
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:28:16
Multisignature wallets and/or bitcoin based escrow systems seem like a pretty good solution to his "irreversibility of transactions" comment.  
@_date: 2017-02-12 12:40:49
It almost feels like we can wait until the last possible moment to increase the blocksize (i.e. wait until the Bitcoin price rises enough to justify an increase in the blocksize and a tapering on transaction fees). 
My thought here is that miners will all agree to a blocksize increase when they feel the economics are right-- when the price is right. 
While I'm not sure what price will appropriately change the miners incentives, I think it's probably somewhere between $2,000 and $10,000 per coin.
I say all of this because miner revenue is still below the all time highs reached in Q4 2013.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:47:13
Even better then, right?
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:53:38
It's lost 20% of its value because we continue to bicker about the "best" scaling solution. Stop bickering, threatening, and posturing and start taking a more holistic view of what is going on. The tripartite nature of bitcoins major factions (developers, miners, and users) is genius and will ultimately drive the community to the best result. Further, every software update, technical modification, or blocksize increase can ultimately be undone if need be. 
There is a trial and error aspect to Bitcoin that needs to be recognized. We can experiment with changes and see how it all works, while knowing full well that the underlying blockchain is still intact. 
I don't think a blocksize increase or SegWit adoption will fundamentally damage the Bitcoin blockchain in the near or medium term. Long term is anyone's guess.
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:55:28
No idea. I wasn't at that meeting a year ago. Personally, I like the idea of SegWit as it represents a very clever hack of the Bitcoin protocol to make it run more efficiently without favoring one group of miners over another.
@_date: 2017-08-28 03:32:32
Interesting... Might be a smart cost-saving and corporate stream-lining decision for Uber to adopt, accept, and even encourage Bitcoin payments to its drivers via the mobile app... lowers credit card fees, lowers corporate overhead costs, democratizes Ubers business model, allows drivers to determine what % of cash and bitcoin they want to see... maybe they could turn the cars into Bitcoin nodes and miners, generating income while they drive (I guess the computers might overheat from the engines, but maybe not).... 
BitPay and Coinbase should be hounding Uber immediately to help them integrate Bitcoin payments. Can't think of a better way to educate the masses about Bitcoin than to have it be used to pay for Ride-Hailing services... it's a perfect breeding ground for digital commerce to be conducted using digital currencies... maybe an opportunity for Ether too
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:10:23
Fair point. Unnecessary is probably the wrong word. Unsustainable might be the right word. Deflationary currencies encourage transactions that are sustainable from a personal finance standpoint and enable economic activity that is within the natural limits of our global resources, environment, etc. deflationary currencies do not put undue stress on our natural resources... I'm not saying no fun. But in order to have fun I think it is more sustainable if people are dipping into their surplus/savings rather than spending on credit or because they are incentivized to spend due to inflation.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:18:22
If those statements are truly factual, then it is pretty clear that that the future of Jihan and his new chain will fizzle long before Bitcoin Core.  However, can anyone prove that all of those things have happened?  Or is it just hearsay?  I also highly recommend the Forbes article by Spencer Bogart.
@_date: 2015-08-28 10:49:36
It doesn't put them "in charge of protocol modification." None of the proposals put them in charge. It just means that they get the final vote (which is how the mechanics of any BIP would work anyway). Since Bitcoin's creation, miners, users, and developers have all seen their influence ebb and flow from time to time. We are now at a point where miner influence is very deep in spades (they have a very strong hand to play), and no BIP is going to simply get pushed through just because a small group of developers or users want it. Even the XT proposal has to get 75% miner/hash power support before it gets implemented. Giving miners final say makes a lot of sense to me, since miners ultimately shoulder the energy costs of actually securing the network. This doesn't mean miners are "dictators" or "in charge", it just means that their voices must be heard. Right now, we're seeing the influence of miners, but that influence can quickly evaporate if they go too far and users and developers no longer wish to participate in Bitcoin because of things like high transaction fees or a non-user-friendly protocol.
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:01:22
I'm just confused about the huge disparity between fork.lol and bitcoinwisdom... a 25% drop in difficulty would be very substantial and would seem to lead to a big shock across the crypto space, even if it's not that high, do we expect more difficulty decreases over the next few adjustment periods? How long do we expect that to last?
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:38:33
Define healthy economy. Deflationary currencies simply enable transactions. They do not encourage unnecessary transactions. That is an important difference. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:15:40
So if the blocksize increases, the cost burden will fall on users? I don't follow. 
Aren't miners the ones who have to process the transactions and pay for the energy required to do that? 
Do bitpay and coinbase want a higher blocksize or lower blocksize?
@_date: 2015-07-25 03:24:20
I'm no expert, but I think the Bitcoin network's anti-fragility and open source nature are what will allow it to continuously change and continue to evolve indefinitely, with fewer changes happening over time, but still always changing. Which I guess is what you basically already said. Either way, I think Bitcoin not only invented money 2.0,  but it also invented democracy 2.0. It has self reinforcing properties that only strengthen over time. At some point, miners, users and developers will develop a solution that allows for a smoother on-boarding of greater adoptio and a higher blocksize. 
Developers think that by increasing capacity, they can attract and drive confidence in bitcoin's ability to scale, thereby driving user adoption. This path is misguided. Core developers should recognize that Bitcoin needs more applications before more adoption will actually take place. Increasing the blocksize prematurely will only open the door for spam artists and other hacks who only want to spread FUD on the network. 
The developers should be more confident in what they have already created. Now is the time to allow miners and users to drive the next wave of adoption. The developers should instead focus on quality enhancing features such as creating a "memo" system on top of bitcoin, so that all Bitcoin users can self-identify their Bitcoin on the block chain. You can limit these memo sizes to 40kb or something. They need to incorporate social network elements to Bitcoin to make it more marketable. That should be their focus now.
Once we see the next wave of adoption and another price jump, we will see miners increase the blocksize limit as the new high watermark price for Bitcoin will provide increased compensation for mining ventures and miners will not be as dependent on fees to process transactions. Bitcoin rewards will be enough. Meanwhile more companies will begin to invest in ASIC chips that will bring mining to the masses, which will lead to a new era in bitcoin and the next wave of adoption... But now I'm just speculating.
@_date: 2015-07-29 12:23:25
I'm not sure I buy this theory.  I'm much more persuaded by the idea that miners, users, and developers all exert very strong influence on the protocol.  Yes, users/owners/holders have a lot of power, but so do Miners.  Mining economics cannot be ignored.  I like the theory that says Miners, Users, and Developers all have a lot of influence, and sometimes one groups wants/needs will carry more weight than the wants/needs of the others.  Right now, bitcoin's price is low, the cost of mining is high.  Miners cannot support a blocksize increase because it will increase their cost to mine.  Miners need to wait for a higher bitcoin price or a large increase in adoption (higher price and adoption usually come together) before they agree to processing larger blocksizes.  It makes no sense for them to agree to this higher blocksize right now.  So right now, I think Miners hold the trump card.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:24:11
I wonder what the ideal sized transaction is?  How many KBs is a 140 character tweet/memo?  
@_date: 2015-07-25 13:21:09
No, I don't have any reading to point to, these are just ideas. It seems like Bitcoin could greatly benefit from a Venmo like memo system that allows users to identify what their transaction was for. That way when people search the blockchain, they aren't just seeing transactions, they are seeing the qualities and types of transactions. I don't understand why more users aren't demanding this since it wouldn't affect miner economics. It will only enhance the user experience. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:58:21
Can you elaborate on that?
@_date: 2015-07-29 21:20:28
You're saying that there are differences between blockchain transactions and Bitcoin transactions.... I don't think I've ever conceived of blockchain transaction that is independent of bitcoin. Care to explain?
@_date: 2015-07-29 15:37:32
That makes sense. Miners and users are both constrained by the other. I think right now though, Miners have the leverage. Miners would need to see true transaction demand increase in a material way before they consent to a higher blocksize limit. Right now, a blocksize limit increase is not what is needed. Bitcoin's price needs to increase significantly before miners feel comfortable accepting lower transaction fees-- that way miners will feel they are being appropriately compensated for the increased burden of processing a higher transaction volume.
@_date: 2015-07-29 12:14:51
I thought an increased blocksize would allow for more transactions per second, which would, in fact, increase the number of people able to use bitcoin.  The whole point of this debate has been that a higher blocksize would give bitcoin the capacity to scale.  It seems like you are saying the exact opposite though.... clearly I'm missing something.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:15:43
Such an interesting concept.  This is great.  No mention of the current transaction fee?  How many bits does it cost to be included in the next block as of July 7/8?  
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:42:35
Since Bitcoin is the first protocol built of its kind, I doubt that it will have to ossify in order to survive. Maybe protocols that support the Internet and email have ossified, but I don't see why that necessarily means Bitcoin network must follow suit. The blocksize has changed more than once so far, and I see no reason why it can't be changed again in order to expand the network. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 01:57:58
Hahaha yea that was a little much... but still, it is a pretty awesome accounting information system. 
@_date: 2017-09-24 00:38:09
Definitely a well articulated advocation of the technology and the networks that will be created with crypto-currency and blockchains.
@_date: 2017-09-22 01:59:42
The excel sheets are only good if the person controlling them is honest. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 01:00:50
Can't a Bitcoin holder just wait for the fork to pass before spending? I guess the key is making sure you know which chain your Bitcoin wallet provider plans on supporting. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 02:03:14
So then are we all screwed? How does one prevent that from happening?
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:45:21
Can you further explain replay protection and why it is preferred and/or required for a hard fork?
@_date: 2017-09-29 01:07:07
Well said.  I still think that a blocksize increase may be necessary in the future.  Or are there more clever scaling solutions like SegWit in the pipeline?  
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:26:06
I don't understand what he felt he had to gain with this statement. That's not the kind of attention that bitcoin needs. It is also anti-thetical to a lot of core principles at the heart of this movement. You can disagree and be respectful at the same time. As much as anyone in bitcoin may believe they have it all figured it out, it is reckless to think you can taunt powerful men like McCain and Lieberman and not expect adverse consequences.
@_date: 2015-09-27 15:58:36
Does Circle have a plan to offer services to businesses?  I'm not sure that Coinbase has as good of a mobile app as Circle, but I guess it would be a good question to pose to Coinbase as well.  The idea is to make the rent payment process easier and cheaper.  Large real estate companies like Greystar, Worthing, etc. would benefit greatly from significantly reducing their bank processing charges IMO.  The fact that we still have to sign-in to a clunky property website to pay rent via a check, credit card, ACH, or debit card payment seems very dated to me.  Seems like mobile payments for this kind of stuff is the way to go. 
@_date: 2015-09-27 16:26:12
Yes, Credit Card fees, bank processing fees, bank charges are all costs that merchants must bear.  
@_date: 2015-09-27 16:12:38
I'm talking about the United States specifically, but I would have to assume it's not the only one.  
@_date: 2015-09-04 01:52:38
@_date: 2015-09-27 14:43:17
So would this essentially reduce bank processing fees to zero? Could this be applied to professional property management companies as well? I work for a real estate company that manages thousands of units in large apartment complexes around the southeast United States. Bringing property management companies like ours onto the Circle platform could be a game changer. How hard would it really be to train leasing agents to help tenants download an app on their iPhone or Droid and link their bank account and then start sending rent payment to the property management company's Circle address? This could represent real savings to property management companies.... Thoughts?
@_date: 2015-09-04 02:16:51
Really just trying to say that there are different levels of decentralization and the optimum level of decentralization seems to be somewhat subjective since no one has proven an optimum level. Unless we can show there is an optimum ratio between the number of nodes and the number of transactions, then I don't think people should be freaking out over a blocksize increase if that causes the number of nodes to drop from 5,000 to 2,000 or 1,500. What efficiencies does the protocol lose if 1,000 or 4,000 nodes turn off overnight? At the end of the day there are no political barriers to running a node/mining. The argument that the mining industry becomes more centralized as blocksizes increase isn't as convincing to me as it used to be. Ultimately, the Bitcoin community has to figure out a long-term solution to scaling up the protocol, but for now there doesn't seem to be much harm to increasing transaction capacity via a blocksize increase because we will still maintain a sufficiently healthy level of decentralization in the short-term, while we figure out a long-term solution to scaling up. I think this is Gavin and Mike's point. No need to fret over this intermediate step to scaling up. The sooner the community realizes this, the sooner serious work can be done to researching long-term solutions to scaling up the protocol to thousands of transactions per second. 
@_date: 2015-09-24 12:31:07
Georgia (the country) seems like a risky place to locate, from a geopolitics perspective.  Russia occupied part of the country briefly in 2008.  But best of luck to Bitfury.  
@_date: 2015-09-28 03:15:25
Very interesting. Thank you for the feedback. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 09:54:56
Can we define what a "significant percent" is? 
@_date: 2015-09-27 16:10:30
I hear ya, maybe they are just new banks.  But maybe they are 21st Century Banks: banks that recognize that the true service they offer to customers is as a money-storage and transaction processing business.   Hopefully they are operating much closer to a 100% Reserve bank than a fractional reserve bank and they keep close track of receivables and payables from merchants and consumers, keep strong safeguards over their users money, buy insurance that protects those funds etc....  I don't think we should be focused so much on convincing landlords to receive one currency over another.  The real focus should be delivering a product that solves a real problem for property managers (and saves them money at the same time).  Property managers don't even need to know that Circle uses the bitcoin protocol in the background, so long as Circle can significantly reduce their bank/transaction processing charges.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 22:29:18
If ballots are secret and voting is anonymous, how do we ensure that an honest count is performed?  Couldn't people just start bribing the vote-counters to sway an election?  
I still think self-identification is the best way to come to an accurate count on the vote.  
But I certainly appreciate everyone's thoughts on the subject.  It's clear to me now that my idea certainly could lead to some less than ideal outcomes in our current system of government where politicians and policy are always up for sale... Hopefully one day, we'll realize that we should only be electing people who want to defend individual liberty, then we wouldn't have many of the problems we currently face today.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:41:21
Anonymity doesn't eliminate bribes.  Neither does full transparency.  I'm just looking for an accurate count of the votes.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 18:47:46
I can appreciate how votes are counted, and I think the political parties generally do an adequate job, but I just don't like how the counting is so centralized.  I would prefer to decentralize the vote-tallying process.  
At the very least, I would at least like the option to count my own vote.  If other voters want to let the political parties count their votes for them, then that's their prerogative.
But I would feel better knowing that my vote gets counted when I vote.  And I think the only way to be 100% sure my vote gets counted is to self-identify my vote.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 16:58:17
Well you would have to determine if there was a bribe first... Then you could go to public record of all votes that were cast, and then determine if the vote followed the bribe... 
If we're trying to get an accurate count of all the votes that were cast, then I think it makes sense for every voter to announce who they voted for.  
If private citizens/employers want to discriminate against others based on their voting record, then I would say that's their right based on the principles of voluntary association.  
I'm pretty sure all votes in Congress are public votes.  We can easily determine Bernie Sanders voting record.  What if Congress had anonymous votes, and we had no idea how members of Congress voted.  That wouldn't be too great.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 14:43:40
Public votes make people accountable for how they voted... so if they were bribed, we can verify that their vote was, in fact, motivated by the bribe.  If it's an anonymous vote, then no one has to answer for how they voted.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 22:27:01
If ballots are secret, who does the counting?  How do you ensure an honest tally of the votes?  
@_date: 2015-10-01 20:56:58
Circle seems like it is the proof of concept for the "reverse BitPay" idea... Does Circle have good relationships with Banks, so that people can withdraw USD, Sterling, or Euro back into their bank accounts?  I would think Circle would be trying to expand into Latin America, Mexico, the Phillipines, India, and other countries where remittances are very popular.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 13:02:45
In a strong democracy, I think a public vote is an interesting idea.  People should have the fortitude to stand by the vote they made.  It also makes it easier to count the votes and mitigate the risk of fraud.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:02:42
If we had a referendum on repealing drug laws, and you worked for a private company that did not want to promote drug usage, then I'd say that the private company has a right to terminate your employment. 
Or to flip that idea on it's head, would you, as an employee, have a right to quit your job immediately upon learning that your boss/employer voted for someone/something you disagreed with?  YES
Every individual or private company has a right to voluntary association.  
All I'm trying to promote is open, honest, and fair elections.  How people make decisions based upon how others voted is entirely up to them.
I want the votes to be counted accurately.  I think self-identifying your vote in a public forum is a means to achieving this goal.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 18:41:04
There are pros and cons to anonymous voting as well as open forum/transparent voting.  You're right, you could argue it both ways.  But we've gotten sidetracked from my OP.
The point of my OP was to offer up an idea on how to run open and honest elections where every vote is tallied accurately .  
Putting other matters such as discrimination and political bullying to the side, I think one way to ensure 100% accuracy in tallying votes, is to have elections conducted on an open forum like the Blockchain, and to have everyone self-identify their votes.  I think you could make elections tamper-proof if held in this way.
At the very least, I think it should be an option for voters out there.  Maybe some voters want to self-identify, maybe others don't.  Each person may have their reasons to self-identify or to keep their vote private.  
For me personally, I would want self-identify my vote and make it public because I am voting on behalf of myself, and I want to ensure that my vote gets counted.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 20:09:22
Why would you want to work for a company that didn't respect your beliefs?  Would your preference be to force them to work with you in a contentious work environment?  
From another perspective, some people might be ok with aligning their votes with the beliefs of their employer.... as a means of keeping things on an even keel.  
Again, this is all a distraction from my OP.  I definitely am not trying to support infringements on anyone's liberties. 
I'm really only trying to promote accurate vote-tallying.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 14:48:12
Ultimately, this is just an idea.  Democracy can be a very dangerous form of government if the majority can impose its will over the minority... Ideally, we'd have elections that weren't about imposing collectivist ideas on a a minority group, but instead were just about passing the torch from one steward of liberty to the next.... In the meantime, I think a public vote is an interesting idea because it seems like the only way to accurately count the votes.  
@_date: 2013-04-03 17:31:22
coins have been reflected in my account... hope the same for you
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:31:36
I agree with the spirit of pretty much everything you say here.  Inflationary currencies certainly are a big reason why global society continues to move in the direction of excessive consumption.  I think this is definitely one of the ironies of bitcoin.  It is a deflationary currency that lives in a digital world that is very much the product of an "instant gratification" society.  In fact, Bitcoin itself would not function without the internet.  It will be interesting how a deflationary currency such as bitcoin evolves in a protocol that allows for near instantaneous transactions and in a society that is very much conditioned to spend today rather than save for tomorrow.  I'm still a big advocate for bitcoin, but I think one of the biggest obstacles is convincing people that many of things we consume today really are not important at all and actually debase our essential humanity.  When people hear that the long-term result of bitcoin is a return to living a more simple and basic life in a society that values less quantity and more quality, I think they will be turned off.  There might not even be a debate about it.  There might just be a slow evolution back to a sustainable equilibrium, with people falling prey to the temptation of instant gratification losing out to the people who prefer to save for a rainy day.  
Anyway, I think it all makes for compelling armchair discussion and perhaps an interesting science fiction novel.  
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:01:03
The bottom line merit is that deflation encourages worthy investment and spending, making the rational behavior of individuals work according to the ecological and economic constraints of their environment.... 
I think this is the other way to approach the people who nay-say deflationary currencies.  To the point mentioned above, people will always need to spend some money in order to pay for things like food, shelter etc.  However, when we pay for such things with a deflationary currency we will be very mindful of the cost and quality of those goods as we will value our wealth more than we do today.  I think this is a positive and incentivizes people to live more thoughtfully than they do today.  
A deflationary currency encourages people to save, work hard and be very careful about who/what/when/how they transact rather than the needless spending we see in the current environment.  I'm not saying it's all roses with deflation (especially when it comes to transitioning a large community or society away from an inflationary currency... this will be especially painful, in the same way that working out or exercising is painful for a person who has been sitting on the couch their whole life).  Pain and tough times will continue to be a reality of life regardless of our monetary system, but I think this is a reality we must accept if we really wish to create a sustainable society that lives at peace within the confines of Mother Nature.  As I see it now, human resource consumption has gone into hyperdrive and shows no signs of slowing down with QE infinity in place.  China and India are just now jumping on board the resource consumption train, only further increasing the load on Mother Nature.  While I'm skeptical about the Global Warming agenda (as it has been hijacked by politics), I do think that we have turned our back on our natural environment, and I think the root of the problem starts with inflationary money.  
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:22:45
I do not dispute the example you give above.  I agree that leverage/debt allows for the business to realize a greater quantity of production and monetary earnings.  
What is more difficult to understand/appreciate is why so many people are beholden to this concept that "more is better."  Yes, to a point, I agree that more is better, but it depends on the context in which that "more" was created.
If the increase in productivity came about as a result of a fractional reserve bank lending money to a business, then I do not support those types of productivity gains.  Fractional reserve banking has the tendency to allow for easy money to slosh around the economy and make people feel they can get something for nothing.  
However, if the productivity gain comes about as a result of hard work innovation and, yes, even saving up for 10 years to buy the tool that allows for the increase in productivity, then I'm all for that type of productivity increase.  
Again most Bitcoiners believe that fractional reserve banking is inherently inflationary to the currency.  With an inflationary currency, a unit of money today will be worth more than a unit of money tomorrow.  Therefore, people can buy  more with their money today than their money tomorrow.  This incentivizes people to spend their money today rather than save it for tomorrow.  While this might "discourage" the investment and spending that you see as necessary to support our present day economy, most Bitcoiners would say that this, in fact, establishes the strong foundation that the economy needs in order to grow more sustainably over the long-term.  
To me it all boils down to societal values.  Do you value a society where "instant gratification" is the norm and people do not have to wait for material rewards because we can have it all today?  Or do you value a society in which hard work, honesty, and self-sacrifice pay off in the long-term and allow society to grow sustainably while providing us with everything that we need (though NOT everything we want) to live a comfortable life.
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:12:00
Very happy to hear your efforts are paying off, AudenX!  Who knew this would be ICU's big foray into serving the BTC community?  :)  Kudos
@_date: 2013-06-27 13:34:52
Will do thanks for the tip.  
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:10:59
At least nobody will have any problem calling Mihm a pure government statist.  The sad thing is that thinking like this continues to prop up the system.  It's amazing how quickly many public voices have forgotten the 2008 financial crisis.  Didn't approximately everyone in our country get screwed from that outcome?  Now our elected government seems to be making the same mistakes as the past with ultra low interest rates trying to cook up the next bubble.  I'd be interested to hear what Mihm's thoughts are on the performance of the US dollar over the last 100 years.  Followed by a brief synopsis on his position regarding the growing USD wealth disparity in our country.  
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:04:53
While I don't think it is impossible, I think the Bitcoin community would, by in large, oppose efforts to establish fractional reserve banking in the BTC economy.  Fractional reserve banking is very much antithetical to the fundamentals of Bitcoin.  In theory you could have a fractional reserve bank lend out notes backed by Bitcoins or scrip as you call it, but I doubt that Bank would get a lot of business from Bitcoin purists because most BTC purists see the fractional reserve banking as a deceptive and immoral busienss practice.  I think that the majority of Bitcoiners do not buy into the notion that fractional reserve banking allows for wealth creation.  I just don't see fractional reserve banking emerging in a BTC economy.  
@_date: 2013-04-03 15:23:19
I'm a newb, is it normal that the wallet address that mtgox asks you to deposit to can change day to day?  or did i get hacked?
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:12:45
After speaking with Dan Friedberg at the Bitcoin conference, my understanding is that credit unions are required to serve a defined geographic community.  So the credit union could only serve members within the region that it's serving (but maybe our BTC bank mission could be to serve the BTC community within the USA???)
Further, I agree that any BTC credit union would need to deliberately choose not to follow traditional fractional reserve models.  Fractional reserve models typically fuse the warehousing function and loan deposit function for the bank, which is a partial reason for why fractional reserve banks are so unstable.  The focus of any BTC bank would be to try and run very honest and straightforward deposit products for its customers.
Hypothetically, the members could instead choose to offer a well-defined warehousing service to its customers as well as a well-defined loan deposit function.  These products would be clearly segregated and would operate as separate business units for the credit union.  With the loan deposit product, customers would be told up front that there money will be loaned out to suitable projects (i.e. approved by the members and hopefully directed at BTC startup type companies) for a certain period of time.  The loan deposit function would be like a traditional CD (certificate of deposit) product offered by banks today.  The customer would not have access to the funds until the term of the CD expires.  This would incentivize the credit union to only invest in high-quality companies or projects to provide a return to the loan deposit holder.  In this way, the BTC credit union would not be contributing to the pyramiding of money like other banks and credit unions do today.  
That's some pretty big picture thoughts, but I think that would be a fairly strong foundation to provide honest fiat deposit account services to the BTC community.  
@_date: 2013-04-03 15:08:42
same, is this indicative of a serious problem you think?  has anyone experienced a delay in deposits after 18 confirmations like me?