@_author: dspair123321
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:15:13
Yes, they do, but not the ones you think. Before them we were already having blackouts, food gasoline and gas was almost a permanent problem, we had 3 money "conversions" as the governtment call it, and plenty of other problems. And I'm not giving you a source because I live in Valencia-Carabobo and in this precise moment I dont have power...
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:05:41
I'm venezuelan and I can confirm that not every case is documented because that means they can't rob everything (I recently saw someone get caught for robbery and the police let him go after a couple of hours because the guy has a briefcase full of dollars) and this guy can't tell me this case is documented or that I'm lying because the guy lives like 300 meters from my house and I can't stress this enough THE GUY WAS TOTALLY FREE AFTER 2 HOURS. In this country if you have enough money and know someone important from the police department you can kill people and get away with it without criminal records beucause before getting you through the legal process they tell you "vamos a cuadrar" literally asking for money or possessions.
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:30:37
Try to tell that to the venezuelan government lol
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:26:10
The best anti-Venezuela propaganda is visiting the country. If someone can hear your accent you are getting kidnapped/robbed/killed in less than 48h. Guaranteed.
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:05:56
I never reply these kind of posts but you are so wrong that I have to. First and most important: You can have internet in Venezuela. Second: You don't ship directly from Amazon to Venezuela, we have a ton of couriers here that can do that. And last: I have seen worse IDs than that (my cousin have one that is blueish and he had so many problems because of it that he had to get another one) believe when I say that our IDs have a really really bad quality. Also I'm not saying this guys is a liar or not, but is not the first time that something like this happens. If you don't believe me or him there are a lot of stories of guys being raped by the national guard (check all the SEBIN related stories) or kidnapped/jailed in total isolation where not even the family knows where they are for days and in some cases weeks (and that's one of the 'modus operandi') this story is not unbelievable if you are a venezuelan, I haven't been part of one but a friend of mine got shot in the leg by probably one national guard/colectivo AFTER being caught in a massive concentration organized by the oposition.
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:05:47
I never reply these kind of posts but you are so wrong that I have to. First and most important: You can have internet in Venezuela. Second: You don't ship directly from Amazon to Venezuela, we have a ton of couriers here that can do that. And last: I have seen worse IDs than that (my cousin have one that is blueish and he had so many problems because of it that he had to get another one) believe when I say that our IDs have a really really bad quality. Also I'm not saying this guys is a liar or not, but is not the first time that something like this happens. If you don't believe me or him there are a lot of stories of guys being raped by the national guard (check all the SEBIN related stories) or kidnapped/jailed in total isolation where not even the family knows where they are for days and in some cases weeks (and that's one of the 'modus operandi') this story is not unbelievable if you are a venezuelan, I haven't been part of one but a friend of mine got shot in the leg by probably one national guard/colectivo AFTER being caught in a massive concentration organized by the oposition.