@_author: dspnakamoto
@_date: 2015-11-02 20:12:08
Thank you everyone who had participated here.
I'll go thru your questions once more to answer the ones
I've missed.
@_date: 2015-11-02 20:26:21
No.  I do wish I have known him.  We would have had fun together.
@_date: 2015-10-10 03:51:51
Need to figure out how to ship such a volatile fuel 1st.  Like for instance, remove, or alter that volatile part and mix/alter back that 
component here when it arrives.  I bet any petroleum engineer can figure that out in a day.  Maybe it's even cheaper to ship in that
'just B4 it become fully functional gasoline' since that would be lighter than the dense crude.
@_date: 2015-11-03 04:54:03
The Bitcoin block building must conform to the standard protocol and block building/disassembling too but need to be processed more for encryption.  It'll 
take more time and process power of the CPU(s).  Parallel processing of a single
block of message by the multi-node is possible.  Say give the same long block of
10 Mbytes to 3 nearest or 3 available nodes to divide the calculation task or
even feed them 1/3 of the block ea. and have the 1st or 4th node 
to gather the results and make decisions.  This of course requires 
coordination protocol amongst these nodes, which is an overhead.  
I don't know how this is done in Bitcoin servers/nodes.
One of the Bitcoin founder's credos is to serve the poor little guys 
too from the expensive centralized giant bankers for his 
transactions and that credo should also apply to the big corporate type of 
miners too.  We can serve both types of users regardless of 
the blocksize.  See below.
For the little miners vs. the big corporate miners problem...
The blocksize can be increased and yet, can allow the little users
  Monopolization by a big blocksize user can be controlled by the
  network nodes identifying the user's address and keeping track 
  of their bandwidth usage over a determined sample time.  
If the network bandwidth capacity is available with no other than
the big user at say midnight, let him use up the bandwidth until
someone else knocks the door.  All the network nodes will be notified
about the big user's address while he is streaming continuous large 
blocks.  And, when someone else knocks the door of a node in the 
cloud (network), it can send a reject notice back to 
the big user thru the cloud when he reached the negotiated limit.
It doesn't matter if the big user has many nodes pumping in 
continuous stream of big blocksize simultaneously from many 
entrances (nodes) within the cloud.  All the network nodes are
notified to reject further pumping from the identified big user. 
Thus, the block size is of no concern to allow the little guy in.
Hmmm, how about this big user uses multi IDs?
As a user of internet, I sure want to burst at times with my cheapo 
connection!  I use ISDN 2B+D channel at 128Kbps (that's bits, not bytes/sec
 and I actually get just a bit less than 128K due to the D channel) - aka
DSL on my copper.   I'm like that little Bitcoin miner just sitting there
 wondering when or rather whether his transmission request if not 
actual transmission had been completed.  In the business AM hours
of like 815AM to 9AM, my browser comes up very slow.  The little guy
(me) with a narrow BW if I was a miner will loose my next batch of
customers in Bitcoin against all those companies and businesses 
around my town all booting up and starting internet transactions 
at the same time.  Ok,Ok, are you saying this little kid shouldn't be
in this beeswax?  
Yes, don't laugh, I'm happy I switched back from Charter cable at $60/mo
to $22/mo ISDN.  I can't justify to stay with the cable carrier when 
the lease was about to end earlier this yr and the cable carrier jacked
up the fee from $30 to $60/m.  Hey carrier, why can't u chk up 
on my actual band width usage?  UC, I can't type fast enough to 
do the emails though i can type 50 - 60 wpm.
That's like 55 bytes x 8bits/byte = 440 bits/sec!!!  Even my DSL 
bandwidth at 128Kbps is way too waste of BW.  The em is my main 
usage so why pay for Charter's 60Mbps?  No, I don't want cable TV.  I just 
use an old fashion sky wave to watch all the free 
programs (a hand full of channels) which turn out 2B the only ones 
I want 2C*.  Yes, an occasional youtube viewing stumbles n' gets 
blurry on the DSL.  On the other hand, even during the email 
session, if I want to attach 3M bytes of hi resolution photos on my 
em text, at times, it's so slow to watch the progress bar that I 
want an ability to burst out.  Or like the utube, I want at times,
burst in for movie viewing for like say 12 minutes show.
Frame Relay was one of the protocols that can be negotiated to
be assigned for a short burst, in/out over the contracted bandwidth.
So my stance on the Bitcoin blocksize is it can be of any length, as
long as the network has the capacity.  And yes, it should and
can allow the little miners to get in against the big users regardless
of the blocksize or the little guy's slow CPE or his slow number 
crunching server.
Continued to nxt thrd
@_date: 2015-11-03 04:52:23
Dear etmetm n' others with similar question about the blocksize,  
For thanking you all here, I would like to entertain you thus -
My knowledge of Bitcoin is of infinitesimal so my write here may 
not apply.  I cannot answer you specifically on how much the max. 
blocksize (which to me is just a message byte size) should be 
increased exactly to 1Meg or even if it should be increased at all.
It all depends on the Customer Premise Equipment (CPE), his 
network bandwidth he's paying, his carrier's network capacity and
the totality of the bandwidth being used at any moment the 
customer needs to transmit/receive.  What I can tell you is:
1.  As a carrier of a network, it is most important to fill the network 
     bandwidth as much as possible at all times.  It spells revenue.
     After all, as a carrier, it spent millions of $$ to lay the
     fiber cables (as Sprint did or had spent $$ to leased the cables 
     from Ma Bell) and paying for them every mo.  On the other 
     hand ...
2.  From the carrier user's perspective (carrier's customer), he
     wants to pay the minimum network cost and equipment per his 
     capacity/requirement.  (See my current carrier switch, from 
     Charter Spectrum 60Mbps cable to ExtremeDSL's ISDN below)
Those were the lessons I've learned as I worked as a Network Systems
Design Engineer for an European telecom carrier, attached
to its sales team.  And, you don't want to over sell the bandwidth 
too far beyond their average use either (see my carrier swap below 
as a network user).  The big enterprising customers do not want to 
pay extra bandwidth (neither am I as a tiny user) and lease/buy 
high performing equipment in excess (i don't buy iPad but would 
like 2 buy we2Pad with my GF instead).  On top of that, the 
potential customer usually is courting another price from another 
carrier!  This threat also holds true for Bitcoin as well.  There are 
other players.  Bitcoin must 'sell' much of the bandwidth capacity 
or capability at lowest price and widest extent possible.  Yet, the 
quality of safety and reliability must be 2nd to none without the
centralization.  Centralization is expensive and slow.  Coming back 
to selling our network service for our carrier sales team, I had to 
map out their existing 'private' network, protocols, the user's 
current average bandwidth use for ea. of their branches, including 
his HQ; and write both the technical and financial proposals.  The 
tech portion of the proposal included for ea. node (his branch) the 
bandwidth allocation, appropriate protocol, and network equipment 
to implement these.
The financial proposal consisted of the cost for these and return on 
their investment figure based on their current revenue associated 
with the network, current network cost, and perhaps, their growth 
potential.   If the customer insists on keeping his current 
(outdated?) CPE, we needed to note that earlier or convince him to
lease our more suitable equipment in the financial proposal.
The duration of the contract is usually 3 yrs.  So, Bitcoin core may 
also need to think about this cycle time of it's own sect.  Phew!
It was my credo to give at least 2 but no more than 3 proposals to 
beat our competition.
For the Bitcoin core team, the team may need to be aware of the 
various telecom carriers' capacities and their network extent
to the targeted customer base.   Not all the locations on this earth
have advanced fiber network and fast CPEs let alone their fast 
number crunching servers.  But what about the return on
the investment (financial and labor of development)?
Or for the little guys in big financial cities and also where large 
data centers are located?  Well, the EZest suggestion from me 
would be to tell the little guys to move out of those areas.  Move 
far away from Google data centers, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, 
Las Vegas, Chicago (US telecom and transportation hub), Dublin, 
... Go where the network is available but the capacity is not full.
Now, coming down from the network system level to network
component level.  I've later worked with a team of network 
equipment developers to test and measure throughput of 
voice-data-video routers and switches, including big telephone voice 
switches to come up with better products.  We've pumped
overwhelming amount of dummy messages to multiple channels 
at hi rates to bring down the devices.  We also evaluated our 
equipment vs. the competitions'.  The characterization of the 
equipment and the throughput are pretty much equal amongst the 
makers, including ours.  That makes sense.  The IC components 
and the CPU chips (hardware) are commodities and that the 
software though written by the different teams (companies) need 
to do the same thing to interface with the chips (the primitive software),
implement the standard protocols, and construct/disassemble the 
message block with header and trailer.  A rudimentary error checking 
of the block is performed just B4 sending or upon receiving the block for 
acceptance/rejection of the message.  A long block message
received can be broken down to a manageable packet size as well.  
Continues to next thread
@_date: 2015-11-03 04:54:49
It would be nice for those little miners to burst out as they needed
Yes, longer the blocksize, the less overhead in bytes and process time per
transaction.  So of course, a big user (big miner) with more transactions,
wider bandwidth, and possibly a slightly better (faster) equipment would
want a longer block size.  After all, he's also paying more for his bigger 
bandwidth to his carrier.  He needs to fill the width. But a little user
in the same town with narrower bandwidth and slower equipment can 
also be able to get on-line mit above node signaling.  The entire 
nodes in the cloud have the same critical real-time info all the time,
 instantaneously.  As in Shinkansen hi speed bullet concept as formulated
originally by the JNR, back 50+ yrs ago, which is to separate high speed,
high priority passenger train track, not to be shared by the slow moving
freight trains, Bitcoin if not already, must construct independent high
speed signaling network with short message size (blocksize) away
from message blocks.  I don't mean virtual channel as in the ISDN's D channel
on the same copper wire but totally separate wire or fiber.
What's the cost of this separate, standard gauge (not narrow gauge), 
shortest route (no going around mountains but tunnel
thru them), hi-speed train track for the Bitcoin signaling?
With that independent hi-speed wide track signalling network,
who cares about the blocksize limit?  It's all in the carrier's
and CPE capacity.  But wait, if the signaling messages are short,
you won't need that big bandwidth and therefore, expense.
*I think too many of our TV viewers are brain washed to have
 Cable carriers making them think that a cable TV is a necessary
 utility, in par with his electricity, gas, or even vital water.  Why 
 But pay $88/mo cable when I can watch skywave TV programs
 of great interest without getting frustrated with cable's every 3
 minute drug ads as many of the cable addicts put up with?  I 
 won't.  The cable addicts in reality are PAYING to watch the 
 strings of 5 or even 7 drug ads before they're allowed to watch 
 only 3 minutes of their favorite program.  Dat's stoiped@  
 But hey, what about me internet connection w/o the cable?  Oh, 
well, depends on your internet usage.  In my case, I get free TV 
(airwave Aunt Anna TV) and can have the great 128Kbps email 
connection (ISDN) for my meager need of 440bps transmitter
(that xmits with Roman n' Russian fingers dato girls love).
Ciao, Ich Danke Ihnen, я люблю вас, 発現終わり.
Bye, I thank you, I love you, ...
@_date: 2015-10-10 21:15:54
Yes grandma
@_date: 2015-10-10 01:09:40
Hi VGNP,
The 1st is Physics.  The 2nd is of Metaphysics.
@_date: 2015-10-09 16:07:33
Swag - Hurray for many PC you can have.  A happy victim of 
Capitalist overproduction.
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:56:26
All welcome.  Don't bring cats.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:36:47
Yes, positive to get to know people here and to meet people to whom I owe making us overcome
humiliation of forced publicity without any chance of prevention.  Yes, at times not to be discovered.
Too late now.
@_date: 2015-10-08 21:29:31
I thought it was a wonderful concept for our global transaction based on fully meshed internet
world.  Distributed processing vs. centralization.  More robust.  And the purpose to serve the
people even down to the poor rather than the profit base, open source software, ... Best financial
invention in this uncertain dollar based or the next exchange based competition.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:25:13
Thx for your welcoming.
We should protect Bitcoin from take over by the few.  Its function should flow free as the Volga River 
despite the centuries of Tsars, Mongols, Vikings, Swedes, and the Communist regime rule.  We need to 
toss out any thinking of the apparent treasure in the boat over the the river as the Stenka Razin did to 
keep the boat rower and citizens free.  Keep the flow free and wide.
The Stenka's men were able to trust him to navigate the river and to support the poor.  In our case, 
Bitcoin does have a few generals to serve the crypto math, with many rowers (the open source 
programmers) to float in the river.  The concept of the Bitcoin is the captain of the ship.  Not a single or a group of people, which they may call themselves Oh, NO:
   A board of Directors
We need to preserve this structure.  No board of directors.  A few, governing many to navigate
in their own purpose, their own ports to deposit goods, ...  must not be allowed.
I see this happened to our great nation of USA.  535 legistrature governing 320 million of us making
us poor with their dealing with passing the measures put forth by another group of the few for
(subprime, derivatives, mortgage backed trust ...) and finally, the mandatory Obama care, making
e.g., drugs more expensive for the poor.
Same for the State, County, and down to the town/cities.  In our town, 5 counsel staff fooled us
to choke the already congested main street of Las Tunas by reducing the lane from 2 lane ea.
with diagnal parking, metering out our property money trickled down from the state to county
just to hand out contracts to more than one 'traffic study group and beautification firms' against
our citizen voices.  Same happening at our next door neighboring towns.  A few 5 counsels voting
themselves against 35K town citizens on allowing to build Monster houses as already done in our
town.  It's too late for me to understand the 'flow'.  The consel making this decision should of been stopped at the money flow.  As they say, follow the flow of $$.  From the State, County, then to
the town.  It should of stopped at higher level.  That Las Tunas drive portion belongs to my town
but it is a thoroughfare used by the thousands of commuters coming from the east side, like
Pomona, San Dimas, ... to downtown LA.  I've mentioned this in the counsel meeting but was ignored.
Call to the LA supervisor's office of Antonovitch was met by 'Oh, it doesn't belong to the county, it
belongs to your town'.  Yet, the county office metered out the $10 millions to do the diagonal parking.
I see the same for our corporate (capitalistic) structure.  A few, say 5 - 10 board of directors governing
the fate of all those who actually working day n' night, week after week with little pay and little
time off decide to send work out to Shanghi, laying off thousands of US workers while they get
millions in their salaries, compensations, bonuses, ... and more raises voting themselves.
Same for our Japanese American community, a microcosm level - Selling off Keiro Retirement Home complex by the few, the home's board of directors and the CEO.  They had no right to determine the fate 
of the all those senior residents, some in dire conditions and to their families and the seniors 
in waiting to get in by outright selling the facility without allowing the most important people to vote for 
no.  The proceed of $41 million was said to be used for educating about aging (huh?).  The $$ should be 
used to create new Retirement home without the board of selfish directors or CEOs.  Let the citizens make the laws and govern themselves without the greedy few.  Campigns, voting?  Elections?  do
these matter as the outcome of our citizens well being, both emotionally (promises), health and financial
security?  So goes for the global trade deals that US corporations thru our government and now every
other nations had gotten involved with the expense of our liveryhood.  Tell that to homeless here in LA.  The Globalization of trade as sought by the few (corporates pushing the representatives).
The concept of few governing many is wrong! 
No special interest or contractors thru the few counsel staff can corrupt 35K of town citizens or the few of 
industry money can corrupt 320 million of us citizens vs. 535 legislatures 
Protect Bitcoin from the few.  The banks can buy up all of the exchanges for instance.  The funding
for the Bitcoin development must be traced continuously and be protected from intrusions by the
few.  Always trace the $$.  Where to where, when to when, and mostly to whom to whom.
The few....
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:59:00
Only Bitcoins
@_date: 2015-10-09 06:00:25
Trusting the encryption vs. human or a group of human is great. 
The ecosys - less cars the better.  Yes, it's that emotional need thing that we get hooked on
the TV ads.  I propose to:
Replace individual ownership of cars with fully meshed rails and buses like NYC and Tokyo.
No more fighting for Middle East oil (bring back our kids and save their kids, no more billions
spent ea. day), no more fracking, no more oil spills on our precious shores
and ocean at large, no more digging earth to mine Fe, Al, Cu, (and mine plastic?) to pollute our
water and air and scenery.  Imagine 1.4 billion + 1.3 billions + ... all want to buy cars as here
in US's 320 million.  When we USA discard individually owned cars, we can show the world how
beautiful our nation would be.  All those wide, multi-lane freeways (and turn pikes) would be condensed
to 2 - 3 train tracks with local rails and bus connections.  We also don't need wide local streets and
even small streets.  Use those freed land to plant more trees and parks.  How do we do this?
Put $35/gallon tax on the gasoline instead of ~$.50/gal and everyone would start not driving even 
for local errands.  Your gas price would be $40/gal.  If you have a big truck or suv, it's $80 just to
drive from my town to the other end of Pasadena (~7 miles x 2).  When that happens, you won't see many cars on the freeways anymore.  And, you won't see only one person/car for the few you see.
A single short rail car can seat ~30 people in the space of only 3 separated moving automobile on the 
freeway with only one person ea. in it - more advantage can be seen when the cars are bumper to 
bumper where as when the rail cars get B2B (with couplers), we can put more people inside in less
space.  No need to have multi lanes.  Use the collected tariff $$ to fully mesh with public rail 
and buses for short distances.
Use more bikes like in Europe and Asia for a few blocks to the bus/rail stations if you do not
wish to walk though you should if you can. I do use my bike for groceries, banks, classes, post office, 
library, local friend visits, hardware sto, ... and for my entertainment, a pure pleasure of riding my
bike down the beautiful parks, river, ocean path, and other bike path.  I only drive my car once in two 
weeks and none/month if I was not forced to.  In fact, I my old battery died for not driving 2 months
one time.
Protocol - PP?  Great.  It sure got simplified from X.25 when our equipment were unreliable.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:09:59
No, I didn't think her visit can do that so fast, so far.  No, I didn't think at the time,
that the Bitcoin was global.
@_date: 2015-10-10 23:03:18
Dear Mitch,
Push positive terminal with your left thumb.
Then the negative terminal with the right.
It should come out all right.
Do not do this for real case.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:10:40
That would be disgrace to my birthplace of Kyushu Samurai
@_date: 2015-10-09 02:03:59
Sie sind Willkommen und vielen Dank
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:56:43
No. But I like toys.  Not adept with iPods, even with SmartPhones.  I'm just looking for an EZ
  flip phones to do EZ things.  I do like to see young kids enjoying themselves with the gadgets
  and in turn, the technology evolves.  I do care that they should watch out when they cross streets.
@_date: 2015-10-10 21:59:38
It's kind of strange about H0 (Half Zero scale though we call it
H Oh) loco need to have more weight so to pull more cars.
Weight must be placed on the driver wheels but also at the front
which would go up, off the rail during the initial stage of pull.
Same were done for the prototype Norfork &amp; Western (N&amp;W)'s
Y6b 2-8-8-2 locos.  Lead was added to pull more coal cars over 
their mountinous tracks
Ball bearings on the axles, motor shaft (if electric), and rods (if 0-scale or bigger) would also help to pull more cars.  So with the
real locos.
On the other hand, I've seen oil being purposely splashed/sprayed
over the rail top to increase efficiency on top of steel wheels on
steel rails for the prototype operations.  But not on a grade.
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:12:05
We can invent easier language - in grammar structure, EZ pronunciation* and writing
so anyone in this earth can learn it faster.  We remove excesses and unnecessary difficulties.
To start out, remove fem, masculine, and neuter assignments as in English.
*No hard pronunciation of words.  E.g., Remove words with no vowels between consonants.
  Remove long words but do not make them all monosyllable.  Else you'll end up with relying on
  tonnality to distinguish one mono from the other and to struggle to read the entire sentence
  as in some languages of the Far East.
@_date: 2015-10-09 16:13:57
Sorry, I had no idea about the word.  Thx for your updating this
old head.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:49:38
As long as the core developers headed by Gavin are true to the
founding credo of the Bitcoin, without profit thought on their
decision making, the core would work.  Not acting like our nations
 Fed Reserve and 535 legislators (House n' Senate staff) fed by 
corporate money.  Protect at all cost by Capitalist takeover of the
core.  Oligarchy however must be constantly be monitored by
the many citizens with power to vote and bring down if nec. Have 
the oligarchs accountable (punished and rewarded in a way not corruptible).
Alternatively, unlike back in 500BC Greece, we do have the means 
to implement Democracy.  We do have intelligent mass communicating instantly with ea. other.  We don't need like the Greeks to walk to the high mountain (Mt. Olympus?) meeting
place, taking an entire day off work (only the privileged citizens
were able to participate back then).  An insignificant voter
can today just sit in her/his kitchen while eating and vote directly.
We have the powerful instrument that is available for all of the mass citizens:
o  Fully meshed and cheap internet
o  Cheap PC (well, should be $20 on one potato chip inside
    a $5 keyboard-mouse with built in LCD screen)
The fully meshed network doesn't mean just wires and electromagnetic wave connections.  We have millions of servers
inside the cloud.  The servers and our billions of inputs from 'one-
CPU-one-vote' users.  The network can then 
process billions of votes/requests, calculate statistics as to what 
topics to be discussed to be the most important/popular,
and automatically be listed on billions of one-CPU screens .  It 
takes away our legislature function but with true Democratic way and much faster than 3 month - 3 yrs proposals setting on the legislator staffs desks.
And not corruptible as the legislator staffs.  This filtering was called
data reduction back when I was doing Satellite data processing software development.  Just syphone out the important data out of
billions of bytes streaming in to the ground station in real-time.  
Our not a few 'ground' stations but millions of these can do distibuted processing at higher speeds and higher capacities than
back in my satellite dayz.  No chaos on billion people requesting
millions of topics to be voted and same for the actual voting by these billions.
At all of my engineering work, we had excellent and moral Chief 
Engineers and excellent engineers under them to satisfy our 
stringent customers.  I believe the Bitcoin core is of
the same quality.  Customers in this case is of the mass.  Not for the few.  Human intelligence vs. artificial intelligence that we 
human ourselves creates?  Which is better?  Time to talk to
Hal in year 2001 Space Odyssey with power plug as necessary?
Not yet.  We haven't tried neither to full extent.
@_date: 2015-10-10 01:10:42
Yes Antonini, crazy and interesting.
@_date: 2015-10-09 16:22:44
Yes, I enjoy a peddle cycle.  But also interested in motored
scooter some day to have a pretty lady sitting tight behind me.  Say an Italian classic Vespa or even an India made all metal Stella.
They both look classic.
Wished also to have my sons and daughters some day, one at a time to sit behind
me also to enjoy the ride to the CA beaches chasing the waves and
speeding clouds above.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:57:38
Well, I appreciate the rocking you're creating here, all of you.  That figure was my defiant turtle face.  But my turtle shell
is too thin to match.  came to me last year, a gentleman within the Bitcoin community.  He had
donated time and energy to ward off the storm along with Andreas and all of you here.  He will soon auction the piece for my benefit.  The cut up credit card pieces signify the defiance to the nemesis along with the turtle.
My mother liked him very much.
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:54:02
Each tiny bit represents their toil of their labor and generous heart.
Treasure of drops that made a Bitcoin lake.  Thank you.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:39:32
You've done a great service to us all.  Thank you.  What's your next offering?
@_date: 2015-10-09 18:25:59
blorg,  Здравствуйте.  srry 4 ur read. if i had my wish, i would type like dis.
we prgmrs wld try bst 2 typ &lt; as pssble, yet 2 b read n undrstd.
no caps, remove all vowels.  if u study russian, thir wrds r long mit vielen cnsnants placed side by sde.  No vwls in btwn.  dat ws because in olden dyz, # of chars 4 variables were limited 2 say 8 or even 4.
I got almost kicked out of forum writing dato way.  And got even
a lash from my fem cousin on emails doing the cryptcs.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:57:05
Fought with bureaucracy and their ineptitude based on complacency.  Contracting out (selling) most 
  important portion of services to private entities so we end up paying more for even a simple things
  they can do for us.  Same with our County health staff.
  Biking is my main enjoyment now.  As one biker said, it's refreshing.  Not like driving a car - dread
  with sitting low, getting frustered with too many cars even at 2:30PM (should be none rush hour)
  on our streets and freeways here in LA.  As soon as I get on the river path, I just feel free, enjoying the expanse.  Due to current heavy shower, there should be much more water flowing now too.
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:46:28
Since I was a kid.
@_date: 2015-10-09 17:49:15
With 1.4 billion + 1.3 billion of the 3rd world nations all wanting
to buy cars, it's an illusion that the gas prices would be kept low
for long.  Here in LA, the supply (a glut of oil) from foreign and
now domestic didn't lower the price as in the other states.
The price is controlled by the few refineries (in particular, in
Torrance owned by Exxon, an oil company) with said supposed 
problem with refinary damage, workers strike, ...  The pump prices should be like $2.00/gal, not even $3/gal.  We should allow
gasoline itself imported from those OPECs directly to our gas pumps.  Or,have the OPECs construct more refineries here in So.
Cal to sell the gas directly.  That should bring the gas prices down
to $2/gal.  Won't allow monopoly.  Or, even the outer staters
have us import the fuel to LA.  But whoes controlling these
alternatives?  The few.  The very few.
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:03:30
I doubt he had worked with me.  He was in the Academia as I understood.  If I was the creator, why or why should he use
his colleague's name?  That would be traceable esp. in that
environment of paper publications.  That environment of paper
production competition is fierce.  No respect or humor applicable
on naming.  
In my case, I just respect his creation.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:27:00
Classical?  Reliability backed by Federal Reserve and the world bank - ugh!!!  Least the costs and more service
fees, and poutry interest rates continued by the chairman Yellen, Pulsen paying off 16.3 trillion to bale out
the money banks (hey, let those bank fall and give us citizens 16.3 tril with the stipulation that we only use the
money to buy American made goods and services.  $16.3 tril/320 million citizens = ???)
and of course, ... more ads from the banks in my junk mail pile.
No.  She never apologized.  The Nwk mag said it stand with what they had published.
@_date: 2015-10-09 06:41:09
The best take out sushi ever.  Lots of expensive varieties.
@_date: 2015-10-09 14:51:20
A third [photo](
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:29:28
I hope they'd learn the lesson.  If yes, I wish them success.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:36:22
Didn't sell.
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:28:02
What else can the magazine say?  They needed desperately to
revive the publication.  The new owners of the magazine can't afford
to apol 4 the false story or shoddy journalism.  I'd checked into their
accounting meself.  Pathetic.  Could of brought them down easily.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:20:49
How do you do that for yourself?  Just the fact that I'm interfacing you here should
be enough?
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:19:09
I don't remember after Leah's visit.  I had a luxurious take out sushi at the AP news room
when I decided to heck with these badgers, I'll get one of them (reporters) and give
my testimony to clear my name.
@_date: 2015-10-10 01:43:09
Hi Tos3,
I don't spk.  I just write. Here are the languages I've learned:
1.  Japanese
2.  German
3.  Russian
4.  English
When you look into other languages, you'll appreciate how simple
the last one is vs. ones above it.  The word inflections and grammatical cases auf Deutsche get a bit out of hand.  But nothing 
compared to Russian.
You'll recognize too much elaboration, and unnecessary excesses
to learn with too much rules (and some exceptions to the rules that u'll need 2 memorize).  But you need to overcome the
frustration by saying (pacifying), that quirk/excess makes that 
particular language beautiful.  How sweet is that Red lollipop?
Start with German way of counting and Russian way.  The latter
you have more quirks. More memorization for not being more
pattern wise.
 
E.g., I never learned Romantic languages (Italian, French, Spanish,
Roumanian, ...).  But I've notice for the French and Spanish, 
writing, esp. the 3rd is in excess.  In French, half of the word is not pronounced so why waste letters?  And on the Spanish, vs. English, you need to write 2 or 3 more lines, say 8 total vs. English's 5 to say the same thing.  So,despite using the same character set (Latin alpha), you would immediately know there are more
excess.  At times, though the E &amp; S is of different origin (Germanic
vs. Romantic), you'll recognize mapping one to one in words.  And asks why translate.  E.g., Pharmacy vs. Pharmacia?  And same for
French at times.
Geeze, Italians have such beautifully uplifting Mandolin compositions!
I would rather see more efficiency in languages.  I cannot say 
anything about
the Japanese since that was my native language.  Can't really
analyze it.  But I do say the writing system of Kanji is excess.
If we can say with 26 letters in English and 33 in Russian, why
does Kanji needs over 2K letters to say the same thing?  And,
ea. K char has like 6 - 14 strokes vs. Latin alpha's max of 4 (M or
upside down)? Give me a break!  What kind
of memorization effort is that?  The K is only a subset of full
Chinese Characters.  I must admire any Westerners who has
the command of HanJi and one even took Medical exam in Japan
or China with K set, subset or superset.
That's my Toss4+
@_date: 2015-10-09 06:39:24
Hmm,  Spaghetti with clams, chicken and seafood cacciatore,
Kalamata olives, flank steaks, spicy ramen noodles; Chinese
shredded pork with bamboo, seaweed, and garlic sauce.
I think the Chinese cooking is the greatest for us, the пролетариат
When I have some spare dough, toro sashimi.  But my rich cousins
take me to those restaurants.  And thank you AP (Associated Press)!
Frozen Claim Jumper's blue berry pie, cherry pie, peach pie (available at Ralph's and other grocery stores).  Jarlsberg and
Kerry Gold Dubliner chedder cheese (Norwegian n' Irish imports).
If it's an American cheese, it'll be Tillamook extra sharp chedder
from Oregon.  These are all available locally.
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:55:09
Our econ is not of the last 2 decades ago.  There are too much meddling by those few in
control of our monetary system.
The economic recession bubble used to come at or near the end of the decade if you trace
far to 1929 and before that.  But the last decade was different.  We had two in the same
decade.  This was the meddling of our Feds and the legislature based on the financial institutions
requests to do so (get legislative approvals for subprime lendings, derivatives, mortgauge back 
trust, ...).  To print more money to keep it cheap so even poor people can buy cars and houses.
Because of the cheap loan rates, the prices go up but the inflation factor was denied by our Fed 
Res. Chairman recently to sustain this paper $$ pumping.
Normally, at the end of the decade, our goods (appliance, tools, curtains, cars, ...) are already
 bought (replaced) and people stop buying.  So, when the investors see the sales/profit goes 
down, they pull out their stakes out of the companies.  The corp directors see this and demand
 to increase sales but won't go.  The fastest way to show profit is to layoff workers, that 33% 
expense.  And so this decision by the few adds more people stop buying things.  No jobs and
financial worries.  No jobs, No buy, No sale.  It's not normal like that anymore.  And same for
the menial jobs.  Thru our legislature, we allow easy entry to get more cheap labor for what's
remaining, unexportable jobs.  These are service type of industry (hospital, insurance selling, 
banks, restaurants, street labor, bus and truck drivers, janitorial, retail stores, shuffling paper 
jobs like real estate brokers and escrow workers, ...,) of which we're not making any goods to 
sell outside of our  nation, and yet, taking our last unexportable jobs away from us.
Coming back to the professional level, recently, our tech companies asked our legislature to 
increase more imports of foreign tech workers under measure H1b which skirts emigration dept, replacing whatever US citizen engineers working with cheaper workers.  The companies cried out
that there aren't enough engineers in US and not enough of them graduating from colleges.
That is the corporations fault to export our manufacturing sector.  But that is what they've
wanted and to continue to do so.  So not even the small amount of our manufacturing sector that 
survived is destroying our citizens.  All in the name of profit.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:19:28
What's meme?
@_date: 2015-10-09 02:03:24
Wow.  I hope that lots of popcorn with butter and some dash of salt helped made the Bitcoin
community happy.  Please promote BTC magazine's staff, particularly their young reporter,
Jeff Handler and work.
@_date: 2015-10-08 21:47:53
Another [photo](
@_date: 2015-10-09 02:03:44
  Yes.
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:16:21
The litigation window was expired last March.  I let it.  I could of done it with powerful allies.  The enemy was pathetic.
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:12:41
Dear diss,
Please enlighten us.
@_date: 2015-10-09 18:38:33
Gleichfalls!  Diesen Zug darf Ich nicht verpassen.
@_date: 2015-10-10 01:07:45
Thank you Crack,
Yes, use as required.
@_date: 2015-10-09 16:12:05
Dear Totes,
Your highness, your highness!  The skinny poor peasants are
rioting, crying out they have no bread to eat!  Then the
highness said _______________.
So their wives came out to her gate and said:
  We want the bakers wife!!!
Then what happened to Marie A?
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:05:43
Love Pizza.  Learned a lot from it.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:01:54
He had already contacted us, the public.  I would protect his privacy.
I doubt if he will contact me personally even if he exists.  But he (or a group of creators)
clearly sent a message after being dormant that 'I'm not Dorian'.
@_date: 2015-10-09 06:06:36
Yes, it means inside the origin or inside a book in Kanhji, Chinese
中 Naka
本 moto
暁 Satoshi - Red moon, dawn, or Satoru meaning to be awaken
                 as Buddha
This was a name given to me from my great grandfather who
was a Zen Priest in Japan.  He was of Merchant family vs. my
Mother's Samurai clan
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:40:04
Thank you.  No solicitation.  It's cool for you to figure out the new Bitcoin way of transaction.
@_date: 2015-10-09 18:42:36
Yes, there was some concerned contacts but I politely refused.
It still had one 2 wks ago.  But I think he is OK.
Op EZ.  The Bitcoin enthusiasts.
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:19:50
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:55:56
Liked the film.  I liked his Engineer Bill hat, and British outline locomotive toys (they don't go
together).  The Bitcoin key was exposed by that little girl like the scene in our beloved Wizzard 
of Oz movie when Dorothy's little dog Totto innocently peals off the curtain.  "Stay away from that
old man behind the curtain!"  The key holder opens the box with his true name Sean N.
But the reporter turned away unlike Leah.  The man was not defamed.
@_date: 2015-10-09 18:07:28
Yes, for Chicago.  There's an annual 0-scale train show there in March.
I liked your Art Institute along the river walks.  Particularly,
The famous 'Night Hawks' by Ed Hopper and current exhibits,
Paris Strt, Rainy Day by an impressionist, Gustav Caillebotte,
of which I've seen many yrs ago here in LAMOA as well as his
floor scrapers, A sly drink, as his mrs is looking away.  13 steps - Yes, I love Jesus but I drink a little.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:58:14
 большое спасибо!  Thx very much.  That heavy shower here in our drought-ed LA as it started to
  pilt down helped my smile.  I've measured (inaccurately with a flat tub) it to be ~2 inches in
  about 1+ hour of that rain.  That is excellent for LA in 1 hr.  It only lasted ~1hr though.  Much
  heavier one came on mid last month for 6 hrs.
We in our household do conserve water, I think more than the neighbors.  We only water outside sparsely, with
sparse vegetation in the 1st place (let lawn be bare ground), flushing restrictions, use same dish and cup without
washing till end of the day, turn off shower while soaping, ...  No, I don't compensate my drinking water by buying
a cart full sized plastic bottled water as I've seen people coming out of the grocery stores.  Don't like plastic'ed
drinks anyway
@_date: 2015-10-10 22:59:13
It is my photo taken with my camera on a tripod in our
back yrd.  u can c tangerines (green) coming to fruition for
this Winter.  No doctoring.
In Soviet Union, I've read that sometimes, they painted
leaves n' fruits to make the surroundings nicer for the
hi level brass.  Perhaps, I should of painted the tree leaves
brown, fruits purple to throw you kids off.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:19:50
That was the way they taught back in South Pasadena Junior Hi school typing class.
I guess now I can eliminate one space to save me fingers along with capitalization.
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:03:55
1.4B + 1.3B = ~3B.  That's 10x more than our .3B US population.
With just .3B, we're doing enough land, rivers, ocean, air, arctic
ice, our mountain ice, already with cars.  It's not just oil dig/frackting.  Its also mineral (Fe, Al, Cu, ...) dig destruction.  Now,
when the 1.4B + 1.3B wants same as US (2 - 3cars/family), the
polution and destruction of earth would be 10x as much.  We will be fearing not for global 'warming' but global 'heating' and global poisoning where there will be no reverse.
We need to get rid of individual ownership of cars to show it to the
@_date: 2015-10-09 18:44:44
Thx dex,
I've already addressed my concerns but it's not in my position, really
and respectfully to those who are working on it.
@_date: 2015-10-08 23:37:39
Thank you.  I will.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:26:05
Yes, I still meet people in the groceries here, post office, and even at my fav., Carls Jr Hamberger
place as well as the IPS machineshop suppliers and adult class instructors both in El Monte as
well as at my local bank tellers.
Yes in I would like to see your town of Minneapolis.  I have a few friends from Danes of Minisota.
What's for lunch?  Thx.
@_date: 2015-10-10 21:06:21
Dear muyuu n' ibtimes UK,
I like that Harry Potter left of me with his swift magic wand and 
This was the scene just B4 I got into the AP reporter's car heading for the local sushi place.  Couldn't stay there due to the other 
reporters coming over to our table badgering.  So the Ap rptr got me back into his car (not Harry in the picture) and did the 
interview in his dwntwn LA office, evading his rivals.
Amazingly, when I decided to clear my case and shouted to the
flock of reporters outside from my front door saying whoever
provides free lunch I would give exclusive testimony, all came
rushing to my front door with their toad poles (the magic wands).
When I repeated my words, only one at the back of the flock
raised his hand.  That was the AP reporter I gave my testimony to.
Only 2 people other than the AP reporter and I along with the restaurant
employees would know the story after this scene photoed.  And all of my responses to you here
is of my name below.  Not the creator or anyone else.
I guarantee you.
Dorian S. Nakamoto
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:00:52
1. Ms. Goodman replaced my conditional:  "Even if I was involved ..."  and, I further explained that
I cannot disclose my work due to the engineer creed not to discuss employers sensitive information
which we signed before we are employed.  At the time, without knowing Bitcoin, I thought she was
asking about my work at Citibank.
2. Whether I am Satoshi Nakamoto of Bitcoin creator.  
This is what exactly happened.   Leah stalked me to come 
out and stayed ~45 minutes at my door steps which is later I've found not lawful.
Then she had disappeared. I saw her walking away from our driveway, around the
front sidewalk, turned abruptly back toward our house, looked like she was 
heading toward my side door.  So I called the sheriff.  She then re-appeared
with her car (which she parked away from my site when she knocked on my
door) while I was talking to the two officers on my driveway. 
I've told the two officers that I did not want to talk to the reporter.  But the 2nd sheriff
after talking to Leah came back to me (he went to talk to Leah in her car out on the
street) and advised me to talk to her else she won't  go away.  That sheriff supposed 
to be on my side.  I was not like a celebrity who would be badgered like this daily
and I gave in.
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:47:09
Dear Zoopz,
We're eagerly waiting for the young to change the world for the
better.  And hurrah for them in Hong Kong to whom are courageous young, all tank-men/tank women (Tinnamen Square). 
to protect their citizens and themselves against the tyranny of the
few.  Protect their future.  And to protect their entire nation's
progress for the betterment as a tiny but very significant sample of 
how wonderful their lives are as much freer citizens.  I wish to see
the same here from u in our nation, USA.  The government here
forced the Wall Street Occupiers, LA Occupiers, etc to shut down
with the stick welding police, protecting the 1% rich.  What's interesting is that the HK's parents too participated, recognizing their important roll.
Rock the boat!
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:17:29
@_date: 2015-10-10 21:44:10
Yes.  I had to focus on my more important fight and that
reward was much higher. 
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:16:45
@_date: 2015-10-10 06:23:07
Yes, I liked it.  But AP sold the articles to other news media here in US and to the other nations for at least that much each.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:51:14
Not mine.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:09:14
Sorry, no photos of train layout.  My last layout, Proto:48 was thrown away
by my brother when I came back from East coast.  It was pretty small but
had enough turnouts, a switching layout used for test purposes
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:54:56
Give a bit, take a bit, rest a bit, and enjoy the basic simples
with friends n' family.
@_date: 2015-10-09 05:57:37
That would negate my stance joining the project. 
@_date: 2015-10-09 17:32:28
Hi EllsWorth,
I agree and liked your graphic about a single person bringing
a ton of steel [just to get 10 lbs of groceries or 20 lbs of beer cases] from 2 miles away. Here in my town, groceries are only 2 - 3 
blocks for most of residence here, a walking distances.  I use my bike for that task.  I have though a mixed feeling about our LA county supervisor, Mark Ridley-Thomas heading the gang of 11.  The LA MTA had unanimously voted 11 to 0 amongst themselves to make the 
experimental toll Express Lanes permanent but further, to extend the toll to all the lanes in our
freeways.  I wonder if enough LA citizens/drivers-commuters noticed this.  I think the fee for all of the lanes will be $.45/mile for
none rush hours to $1.75/mile on rush hours.  I don't remember their exact quotes.  It doesn't matter what the exact quote is.
Even if 5/$50 cents per mile, once the infrastructure is installed, they can steadily increase every 6 month if they want.  That would make
a commuter from San Bernardino to El Segundo (LAX) costing
him like $75 one way?  Yah, that's not Freeway.  That's No-way!  I don't like their self decision like this without letting the citizens vote against it.  I hope this proposal would be at least voted against in our CA state legislature but with the contractors money, they'll pass it.  We should have a direct vote on this which affects
not just an individual commuters (workers) but would increase the
cost of labor.  Also, we can't now just pay $35 on the shuttle van
to the LAX but would be $150?
On the other hand, it'll eliminate
most of single drivers bringing tons of steel to work.  I did that from my town to the beach area commute many yrs ago.  Also, I used to 
commute from Phila to Wash. DC area for a military contract
work (for US Navy).  The commute on I95 was once a week.  Horrible.  Congested.  Sunday night
from Philly, I get on the saddle to DC.  Then on Friday PM late or 
Saturday early AM, I go back to Philly.  The turnpike had several
booths saddled across the entire TP lanes and we all had to slow down (spit out more pollution), scramble to search and steer our tons of steel to get to the smallest queue, stop and idle the engines to pay the tolls (more spitting of gas), then accelerate the tons of steel to speeds (more spitting gas).  Then a few more miles later, repeat the same spit stop pollution (unburned gas) maneuvers to pay more $$.
and so on till the destination is reached.  We don't want the same
here in LA.  We don't want to turn our 'free'ways into 'pollute n' pay ways' as the East Coast TPs.  Not only to pay at the toll booths
but pretty soon, our Mr. Ridley-Thomas would propose and vote
themselves to have not only pay at the entrances as now but to give contracts to construct those super toll booths inside the 'Freeway' as well, say every 5 miles for all the lanes as in the East coast?  And why stop making
toll stops after the freeways?  Why not toll all the major county highways? Why not for all the state hwys?  How about why not for all the major streets in every town level, giving out contracts
for study then implementation against town citizens by our 5 counsel men?  The few, governing many again.
I won't like that few governing many case here about the toll or not decision.  This is another example
of republic structure result.  But definitely, it'll reduce one-person
occupying cars on our major streets and even our small local
streets.  If the county want more money, just raise the gas tax.
Don't need to spend billions for study and 'experimental' lane construction to test the public.  Not only $$ is needed for construction but also need to pay the poll takers salaries, benefits, and pay the union bosses?  Forget that.  Just let the citizens pump 
the gas themselves (no union boss pay off or salaries needed to do 
this) and have him pay the $$ (tax)?  $35/gal tax =&gt; $40/gal of 
gas if the supervisor's intention is to reduce the congestion on the fwys.  That is a disguise for raking up more $$ at the vital resources from citizens.