@_author: dsprox
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:04:45
I made [this CSGO gameplay video]( , and I time linked to what I feel is the climax of the humor according to the music selection.
Tip me if it makes you laugh at all.
@_date: 2014-12-09 17:38:41
You were linked to in and have already been responded to by blatant trolls and shills.
Welcome to Reddit.
You should have dismissed the moment he said "crazy people".
Anybody starting off their nonsense diatribe with that dismissive insult is clearly either uninformed, or intentionally trolling or shilling.
The further proof of that is how they go on to use establishment terms such as "conspiracy theories" and "chemtrails".
"Chemtrails" is an establishment term meant to marginalize people who speak out against geo-engineering and weather modification, which is also very well documented all over the internet.
Here's a wikipedia article about [Weather Warfare]( which was used during Vietnam,  Operation Popeye used cloud seeding over the Ho Chi Minh trail, increasing rainfall by an estimated thirty percent during 1967 and 1968.
So, "these people" who come at you from seemingly out of nowhere with their four month old accounts who start their comments with establishment terms and factually untrue rhetoric, are more than likely actual shills, they are far from "troll zombies".
I hope you have learned from this.
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:07:25
You're welcome friend, these people are wicked and will stop at nothing.
@_date: 2014-01-31 16:29:46
Dude do you realize how insanely late to the game you are?
Varukasalt is right, you're about 9 months too late, my friend got his ASIC miner last year I think in May, so he's been using it for 8 months, and it's basically 9 months when you account for the fact that it took 5 weeks to make it here from China because customs and other shipping stuff.
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:29:07
I thought the whole point of open source was to be free of any connections to finance?
Either way, fuck RES, doesn't enhance anything, just makes a bunch of annoying fucks going around talking about how great blocking keywords and making stupid fucking tags for people is.
Don't get scammed, keep your bitcoins, if you absolutely must donate to an open source project then do it with other money, not bitcoin money.
@_date: 2012-11-15 20:50:39
Inline image viewing, not important to me.
Twitter expandos? Fuck twitter.
Filter subreddits from who the fuck uses Filter domains, I really don't give a fuck about that since I have no legitimate reason to ban any domains that people link here.
Filter keywords. Fuck that, I'm not fucking up my search results and stuff because I don't want to see a certain word that's fucking retarded.
Filter flair? Why? What the fuck is the point, does it really bother people that much?
Night mode. I fucking hate night modes.
New comments indicator, whatever
Never ending reddit, worst idea ever I fucking hate it I'm glad reddit ends, lets me know there's nothing left to do on reddit and to get the fuck off.
comment bullshit, whatever.
Keyboard nav, you can already do that without res it's not that difficult but who in the fuck cares use your mouse.
Obviously I have no need for RES.
Also, I didn't call res a scam, I said donating bitcoins is a scam, donate your actual money if you want to donate, don't get conned into giving away your bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-11-15 22:22:17
I hardly view images, when I do I like it appearing in a new tab.
There aren't many threads where I feel the need to go back and check for more comments.
Yes, you fucking can. Press tab, you can then use the arrow keys to move onto any field of text, when on a link press shift+enter and it opens the link in a new tab, you don't need fucking res to do some form of keyboard nav.
I know what never ending reddit means dude, it means it doesn't just load 50 links at a time. I like that though, and don't give a fuck if it puts more stress on the server that's not my fucking problem they're the ones who designed it to work the way it does.
@_date: 2012-11-15 17:05:05
Well that's good, I feel no need to view any of that information.