@_author: dualghual
@_date: 2019-07-23 13:55:16
1. Right, but if the point of Bitcoin is that it can't be controlled, and that I give up either choice or liberty in order to gain them, then how is it better than me just using USD?
2. I'm a little confused on this point, because you say that Bitcoin is infinetly divisible.  Doesn't that make it inflationary?  If you can create as many divisions of it as you want, how is it any different than USD?
3. This question is about the adoption of Bitcoin, and I do see serious problems with it.  As much as I understand people will use it regardless of its legality, the adoption of it would definitely be hampered by government regulation.  While not fatal, it is a significant roadblock in global adoption.
4. I guess we'll have to see.  I do notice more and more businesses are accepting it, it's just a question of if consumers see enough benefit in BTC to switch over.
@_date: 2019-07-22 22:58:51
Before I start, I do hold bitcoin.  Not too much, but I do think it's a very interesting thing, so I will HODL to see what happens.
That being said, Bitcoin itself does have problems that keep it from being massively adopted, and I think most proponents overlook these.
1. Burden of responsibility lies on the user
If a user sends Bitcoin to the wrong address, and the transaction completes, it is completely up to them and the user send to in order to reverse the transaction.  If the second party is malicious, my money is completely gone.  Now, I know a lot of people see this as a feature.  It keeps third parties, such as Paypal, from controlling your account.  While True, it does ignore the benefit of having a third party: the ability to reverse a transaction.  If I send my money to the wrong place, or if someone steals my money, I can go to them and explain what happened, and get my money back.  Even if you argue that they can still ignore you in this instance, it would still be better than Bitcoin's answer: "Sucks for you, check your address next time".  While this may be tolerable for a $20 grocery run, buying a $300,000 house only to be told that you messed up would completely bankrupt a lot of people.
2. Ignores the problems with deflationary currency
I know that inflationary currencies like the US dollar do suffer from having their value dropped over time.  Bitcoin does counteract this by having a fixed amount of currency available.  But this deflationary aspect would deter people from spending it in the first place; after all, why spend it if it'll go up in the future?  If people stop spending in hopes that the price goes up, you essentially create the conditions of a depression, where people don't spend any money, leading to higher costs, layoffs, etc.  We can even see this even now with Bitcoin.  The majority of wallets don't make many transactions, and a lot of businesses stopped accepting it because of the low volume.  People aren't treating it as currency, they're treating it like a stock.  While the inflationary model is far from perfect, it makes sense for any country as it allows for more wealth to be created by adding new money into the system, allowing for more people to create value and earn that money.
3. Hard to buy/ easy to regulate (in developed countries)
Bitcoin itself can be hard to buy.  Most people go through Coinbase, which we all know is expensive to buy from and not the best place to do so.  Other than that, it mostly comes from exchanges across the web.  The problem is that it feels like you're purchasing a stock rather than a currency, which ties back into people just holding it.  Most of these sites (at least in the US) require you to show your SSN and driver's license.  If the government wanted, they could simply regulate these websites, limiting most people's access to purchasing them.  While there are methods around this, I can't think of any off the top of my head.  That is a problem. There is no easy way to buy it without the government being able to track who's buying.  This would allow them to control the ability for people to purchase it, limiting its ability to spread.
4. Networking problem
Much like most new social networks, Bitcoin suffers from the chicken and egg problem.  No one wants to use Bitcoin because no one accepts it, and no one accepts Bitcoin because no one uses it.
@_date: 2019-07-23 02:05:42
While I understand your point, there are multiple correlations with the price going up as well, such as people purchasing Bitcoin as well as number of new wallets being created.  It would be interesting to see if the number of wallets being added correlates with the amount being spent.
Also, if you happen to know of any of the studies, could you send a link? I am interested in seeing the effect of price to the usage of BTC.
@_date: 2019-07-23 17:37:26
I do agree on you with the first two points.  However, when you say "Eventually you will not need to buy or sell Bitcoin with fiat", what would one obtain Bitcoin with?  I mean it does have value, so people won't just give it away for free.  So what would one give in value that isn't some sort of money in order to obtain it?
Also, gold itself does have inherit value.  It is a non-corrosive soft metal, making it perfect for jewelry.  People have valued it for centuries, with entire empires being built from it.  Gold itself has value regardless of what people think its price should be, because the physical product of gold has use. 
Bitcoin, on the otherhand, is simply digital code.  If you want to argue its value is in the proof of work and the electricity, the value would be about $5, not the $10,000 it trades.  So what value does it have, if not what people value it at?
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:16:44
I mean, you do pay for Bitcoin in transaction fees.  I understand that a sub-10 cent fee is far less that whatever percent fee that CC companies take out, but you do pay for the insurance and stuff that it comes with.  If you god forbid submit the wrong address or fumble anything on the fees (like the guy who accidentally sent $10 with a $7000 transaction fee), there isn't shit that BTC can do to help you.
@_date: 2019-08-25 19:41:10
He's up against the S&amp;P500 for most periods of time, up 3% over the last 5 years, 20% over the last 10 years, and since 1993 hes up almost 1,000% against the benchmark (calculated by subtracting BRK.A percentage gains from $SPY gains over same intervals).  He's not beating it as well anymore because he has too much money to invest, and basically needs to buy whole companies to justify spending it.  But over the course of his career he has beated the general market 155 times over.
But you are right: Buffet's not a tech guy. The stock price of Berkshire plummeted during the Internet bubble because he didn't want to invest in any of them.  He's done completely fine since then.  He says it himself that he doesn't understand technology all that well, and yet he's done amazing investing his way.
@_date: 2019-02-12 04:15:19
I understand what the tweet means (that unchecked inflation can cause problems in the long run), but doesn't deflation cause problems as well? Namely, it makes it harder for people to purchase into it because of the price rise?  I get that its great for the people who own it, but for the people looking it, deflation would make it harder.
@_date: 2018-11-27 13:21:21
Why does Bitcoin halving the reward for mining bump the price?   Is there a reason behind it, or is your claim based on the previous halvenings?
@_date: 2019-01-02 03:38:21
I've seen this a lot on r/Bitcoin, but can someone explain how Bitcoin would ever achieve dominance?  Most people seem to shill "the end of the US Dollar" without realizing the implications.  Like, over 320,000,000 people rely on the dollar for their entire lives - saving, spending, investing money.  If that were to collapse, so would the lives of millions of people - just look to Venezuela for what I mean.  Are people on here really wanting for millions of people to starve just so that Bitcoin can become some sort of savior currency?
Also to note, I think the reason why people want fiat currency is the fact that it is unlimited.  I understand inflation is not a good thing, but there is a positive to it - wealth can be created.  There will never be a chance for anyone to buy all US dollars, leaving everyone with no way of transferring currency.  People will never be unable to earn money because Jeff Bezos has almost 160 billion dollars, yet this nightmare situation could happen when the supply of currency has a cap.  People could simply hoard it in a bid to drive the price up, and with no way to add more than the 21 million, people would have to resort to another form of currency/bartering.  That would defeat the entire purpose of Bitcoin in the first place.