@_author: dubeskin
@_date: 2015-05-06 03:52:37
I'll preface this comment by saying that I don't entirely understand bitcoin as much as most people in this subreddit do, and I haven't invested myself into it yet either. Additionally, I work in management for a financial firm, so my opinions on this may be slightly biased.
From the article:


violated several requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) by acting as a money services
business (MSB) and selling its virtual currency, known as XRP, without registering with
FinCEN, and by failing to implement and maintain an adequate anti-money laundering (AML)
program designed to protect its products from use by money launderers or terrorist financiers.
XRP II later assumed Ripple Labs’ functions of selling virtual currency and acting as an MSB;
however, like its parent company, XRP II willfully violated the BSA by failing to implement an
effective AML program, and by failing to report suspicious activity related to several financial
Part of the majority reason I distrust bitcoin so much is that it **has the potential to** be an effective method of money laundering. I don't agree with "drug war" efforts. However, as it stands, it IS illegal for a financial institution to knowingly assist with that, and part of what FinCEN monitors are these suspected transactions. Clearly there needs to be an overhaul to the way drug manufacturers and traffickers can introduce their money into "the system" such that highly illegal activity, like terrorism, can still be monitored.
I work in finance, so I have to deal with transactions all day long that I have to report to FinCEN. It's not a matter of willfully undermining efforts to prevent terrorism (whatever that may be), but a matter of following the law as it is. I support any alternative currencies in their efforts to develop, so long as they reside within the laws they must exist within. As a note, nearly all international currencies still have to report to FinCEN. If bitcoin seeks to be a globally recognized and accepted currency, it will eventually need to comply with these laws.