@_author: duchovnyorcstorm
@_date: 2016-06-23 01:53:56
Why did they shut down your account?
@_date: 2016-06-23 23:07:21
I hope things end up in your favor! Please either reply to this comment so I get notified or post a thread about it when you figure out what happened and everything has been resolved. I certainly want to avoid that happening to me!
@_date: 2015-08-25 18:57:28
That mentality is exactly why people make malware that steals bitcoins, and make a  lot of money doing it. That's not an accurate comparison at all. A better comparison would be instead of buying levis from levis.com, you go to some half-off hipster store that does cool shit like wear in your pants, make holes in the knees if you want it, and allows for other additions like sweet belts and jean bedazzlers. Except there's a good chance the  belt and bedazzler companies send someone to follow you home and  rob you while you're at work.  
@_date: 2015-08-25 21:40:34
Non rooted is safe
Saf**er**. There are tens of millions of line of code running on many modern android phones. You can't have that many lines of code without make a mistake and mistakes are how vulnerabilities are created.
@_date: 2015-08-27 21:40:21
Is "elic" a typo? And yeah there are groups that look for these fake towers. FCC is one you'll probably recognize. I don't know of any watchdog groups for this stuff but you bet your ass if you turn on one of these fake towers anywhere near a secure government site, including contractors like Raytheon, Booz Allen, or many others, you'll be getting a visit by some angry men in black vans in an inexplicably short amount of time. I've heard stories of people building these things at homes in the DC area and apparently they were running just a little bit too much power through them and they received very unpleasant visits from government agents. These stories were from a few years ago perhaps they've strengthened some of the security controls and encryption protocols, but I seriously doubt it. Even if they did, I know for a fact you can still build these devices, they still work well, and the people securing the systems are always one or more steps behind the people breaking the security controls.
It's a game of cat and mouse where the people trying to make secure systems are always and probably always will be behind the people who enjoy breaking the security of the systems. It's one of the reasons why Time magazine or maybe Forbes, I can't recall, shows 0% unemployment for those trained in information security every year and it's only going to get more important as more people and more things connect to the Internet. I mean, some security researchers demonstrated just the other day that they were able to take complete control of a car while someone was driving it.
@_date: 2015-08-27 20:57:09
Android was never considered secure. Why do you think the U.S. Government has exclusively used Blackberry devices for years? They're much more secure.
@_date: 2015-08-25 19:09:06
It also snowed in some places this past winter. Positive proof that global warming is a lie!
@_date: 2015-08-25 19:29:30
Heh, yep, good point. Hopefully, at least. Not all security experts are experts in mobile security. Perhaps a security expert would do this just to study how the bitcoins are stolen. They might create a honeypot and analyze all of the attempted attacks.
@_date: 2015-08-25 19:05:09
How about when you drive by "my friend's" house and I trick your phone into connecting to my home-made cell tower, then I download all sorts of updates that steal everything you care about on your phone, places backdoors so I can get in later, and installs rootkits so even when you try to reset to the factory defaults, my code's still there. I don't actually own one of these but you can make them for just a few hundred bucks now and I've seen them used. They fit in a backpack. Think about that the next time you're on a crowded train or at a football game. 
Or just go to China because the second your phone connects to one of their towers, all sorts of malware gets loaded and all of your personal data is stolen. I dealt with a company where a few executives went to China for a business meeting. You should've seen the shit that was found on their phones and laptops. And they didn't even try making any calls!
@_date: 2015-08-25 18:48:01
I would bet a large sum of money the ROM you're running has malware built into it or was exploited by a malicious app. Has anyone done a penetration test and code review on Mycelium? It's on my list of things to do. There are many, many mistakes they could've made when building this app which, on their own, aren't directly exploitable but when you combine it with a custom ROM and use the app as if it's running on a fresh, non-rooted device, well, that's ill-advised. Even if Mycelium is extremely secure, giving a program like Cyanogenmod root access can allow for other, malicious applications from accessing data they shouldn't, like maybe your private keys. Your PINs aren't much help BTW. Even if they implemented the key derivation function correctly, which they probably didn't (based on my personal experience of performing penetration tests on several dozen apps), some other malicious code could be intercepting your key once it's been generated and stored in memory. To close out that last thought, and I'm not exaggerating here, of the mobile applications I've looked at, I'd say a whopping 70% misuse cryptography to some extent. Building secure software is hard and a lot of people don't realize how hard it really is. 
It's a really really really bad idea to use a rooted phone with spiffy new firmware that may not go through as rigorous testing as regular Android OS to use as your bitcoin wallet. This isn't Cyanogenmod-specific and I know they claim to take security seriously, but I have not personally seen any proof that that they have implemented security controls or that those security controls have been adequately tested. 
tl;dr **Don't use rooted phones for your wallets unless you're a security expert and you know exactly what you're doing. Even then, it's a bad idea.**
@_date: 2015-08-25 22:16:08
real quick answer and I'll augment when I finish the work I'm currently doing: It doesn't matter if your phone is rooted or not in the chinese case. Or the US, for that matter. Real, legitimate cell towers are often used by countries to intercept communications, install malware, and track foreign persons of interest. They can do whatever they want to your phone even if it's not rooted because nation-states have what are called "0-day" exploits.  A 0-day means it's an exploit that has been made public for zero days. The good ones, like the ones that allow you to break into and control someone's phone or computer cost a lot of money on the black market (I've heard price quotes in the ~$100,000 range for really good exploits) but countries like China, USA, UK, North Korea (you read that right) , and more spend $billions to either find these bugs and create exploits before anyone else knows about them and creates a fix, or they  work with the companies directly or covertly to inject these backdoors. This  was all conspiracy nonsense until the Snowden docs, but now everyone knows at least part of the truth. So it doesn't matter if your phone is up to date, patched, running A/V, whatever. If one of those guys want in, they're in. 
But to answer your question, a few things could happen. You could walk by one of these fake cell towers and then your phone might download and install an update for the mycelium app, with nothing looking out of the ordinary except for the fact that this update steals all of your keys and therefore, all of your coins. 
Remember those 0-days I mentioned? If the attacker has found his own 0-day or a public but unpatched vulnerability was announced, they could steal your private keys silently without your phone ever leaving your pocket. If it's a really good exploit, this would work even if your phone is brand-new, freshly updated with all security settings configured to their highest level. And it won't mean shit. These exploits are really hard to find on your own and are very expensive; over $100,000 for a single exploit. Remember hearing about Stuxnet, that virus that was breaking centrifuges in Iranian  nuclear facilities? That virus had FOUR zero-days. That was one of the red flags that indicated it was was crated by either the US or Israel, and it turned out that both countries worked on it together. 
So yeah, don't bring any electronics to China with anything remotely sensitive and when you get back, restore it to its factory settings. After doing that, be sure it actually restored to the factory settings and a backdoor didn't sneak by. And with the cheap fake cell towers I was talking about, it also doesn't matter much if your phone is rooted. If it's an older phone, there's a good chance the tower could completely take over it and steal all of the keys. Even if it's a newer phone, it's still at risk. Its just a bit harder. This is one of the reasons why people recommend not to keep large amount of BTC in your phone's wallet. For the time being, they're very, very vulnerable. There are hardware security modules that can mitigate the risk but I don't think any wallets use that yet.
Same advice goes for Chinese people coming to the US. "Oh, a Chinese national is coming to study computer security at MIT?" You can bet anything electronic that person owns like their phone, computer, xbox, whatever, is being scoured by analysts in windowless secure rooms in the DC metro area.
BTW I lied, I'm not augmenting this. I wrote way more than I intended :)
@_date: 2015-10-11 01:37:54
Dude if you don't have money to spare, don't buy bitcoins. It's an incredibly risky move. There's a good chance they'll be worthless in 10 years. Get your immediate finances in order, then save for retirement if you're not all ready, and if you have money to burn, buy some bitcoins. Maybe it'll be worth a lot at some point in the future but it could just as easily be worthless.
@_date: 2015-10-11 18:14:25
That's why I said "up to". Even if you're not in the highest tax bracket, many people don't understand how tax brackets work, which is apparent from some of the comments I've seen around here.
@_date: 2015-10-13 23:37:52
Heh, yeah I don't think will ever get a chance to stop answering that question until we start teaching basic finance topics in school. I don't think it should be optional and if more people knew about personal finance, how taxes work, how to save for retirement, etc. then most people would be in a better place right now, financially and probably psychologically. 
"This raise brings me into the next tax bracket, so it's effectively a net pay decrease!"  &lt;shudders&gt;
@_date: 2015-10-11 01:28:46
No, that's a bad idea if you're a poor student. 1 BTC used to go for over $1,200. That's when I decided to buy in, after how frustrated I was when I realized they were selling for that much when ~3 years prior I studied the protocol and almost started mining in grad school, which could've made me a millionaire. Then prices fell and I thought, "hey, discounted bitcoins, better buy more!", encouraged by the propaganda in this subreddit. And then the price didn't stop falling. Now if I were to cash out today, I'd be many thousands in the the hole. I think this sub is populated by quite a few people who got filthy rich and are trying to hype it up for the prices to rise again, spewing propaganda. It's a fascinating technology but many posters in this thread just won the lottery and have convinced themselves of their prescience and "wise investments". Don't drink the cool-aid. If you're poor, don't invest in Bitcoin because there's a very good chance you lose every last penny.
This thread is just like that stupid Lamborghini and books YouTube commercial. Everyone talking about how many hundreds of bitcoins they have and how fabulously wealthy bitcoins can make you. It's tacky as hell and I'm pretty shocked at some of these comments. Sure, maybe people will actually start using bitcoins in the real world on a meaningful scale (a few websites, some brick and mortar stores,  and drug markets is barely a drop in the bucket) but outside of this subreddit, most people don't buy it. The general population doesn't understand or trust it, it's much more complicated than cash or credit cards, and it could crash any day. Don't invest anything in Bitcoin unless you're fine with losing it all. It's a gamble, plain and simple.
I bet this comment will be my new record for the number of downvotes it receives, but it's all true.
@_date: 2015-10-11 00:40:34


In the U.S. You owe up to 20% if you've owned the coins for for more than a year, up to 40% if you've owned them for less than a year. I'd hardly call that "a few %"
I'm not at all suggesting you try to cheat on your taxes. Unless you're some sort of legal expert in tax law, the risk doesn't seem worth it to me.
@_date: 2015-10-11 00:48:52
What do you mean by structuring charges? 
@_date: 2015-10-11 00:33:44
Yes, a lot more. Up to 20% if you've owned the coins for for more than a year, up to 40% if you've owned them for less than a year. I'd hardly call that a small amount.