@_author: dudecat
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:21:33
I read your posts. You equated what he was doing with shooting someone, then dropping a bomb on a rock. Retarded. And I'm the troll here? Considering r0nj0hn3 is getting downvoted pretty much everywhere except when he responds to idiots like you, it seems pretty clear who the trolls are.
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:12:11
You've been the one arguing against r0nj0hn3's actions. If you aren't a Bitcoin supporter, why are you so vehemently decrying him?
@_date: 2014-01-16 11:53:59
That analogy doesn't really work either. It's really convoluted and I think you lost track of it yourself; after all, you were comparing digital currency to a rock, not a bomb.
* ronj0hn3 isn't destroying Bitcoin on his own. No matter how hard you try to phrase it, he isn't Enola Gay. But that was the plane, not the bomb. Anyway.
* He isn't directly responsible for harming you - again, going back to what I said earlier, his rights end at the tip of your nose. Bombing you because you are standing next to a rock he wants to destroy would be unethical. But that's not what he's doing.
* It's not like his intent is to destroy Bitcoin. He's out to make money, and it seems the best way to do it would be to use a service that might become a monopoly of sorts. Bitcoin doesn't have any protections for this, so it seems like if Bitcoin is dead, it's because the creators didn't consider this aspect of the cryptocurrency, not because the users are somehow malicious.
I'd say the best analogy of this would be processors. Intel and AMD are the two companies you can buy processors from for your next PC. Intel's processors are better (Intel=GHASH.IO), but Intel has behaved anti-competitively in the past. There are a bunch of people who buy and advocate for AMD's processors for ethical reasons. In this example, you are a guy standing outside Best Buy calling people Nazi's whenever you see the "Intel Inside" sticker on their newly purchased laptop. r0nj0hn3 is a consumer you says, "Whatever man. This computer was the best one for the job."
The difference between my example and Bitcoin is at least AMD was able to sue Intel, and there are laws in place that should fight monopolistic practices. With Bitcoin, there are none. It's the Wild West, and you are all petrified because really, their's nothing preventing GHASH.IO from becoming the 51% hashing pool, and really, that's the inevitable result. Look at history: unbridled capitalism inevitably leads to monopolies or oligopolies.
@_date: 2014-01-16 13:33:20
Actually, I don't want a system without rules - actually, that's you, since you are the big Bitcoin supporter. I'm just here for the popcorn as all the Bitcoin folks are wringing their hands because there is nothing you can do about r0nj0hn3 and people like him. He's perhaps not acting in the most ethical way, but he's hardly a murderer. But boy did he get up your ass! I just love watching you squirm.
You keep claiming that r0nj0hn3 and the rest really want to kill Bitcoin, but you are incorrect. You haven't proved that at all. He's simply acting in his own interests rather than looking out for the community as a whole because it is more lucrative for him that way.
Perhaps any currency can be attacked, but as is shown here, Bitcoin appears to be more vulnerable than the rest. Eventually, there will be the potential for a 51% attack, and there is no central authority to prevent that. At least with other fiat currencies, there is a government to monitor shenanigans. Even with gold/silver - look at the Hunt brothers.
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:02:27
Your analogy doesn't work and here is why. Your right's end at the end of my nose. When you shoot someone, you are infringing upon their rights. However, by not leaving ghash.io, he isn't infringing upon anyone else's rights. One could say it's not the most ethical course of action, but this is another example of the tragedy of the commons.