@_author: dudemanguysirmister
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:15:41
I have provided evidence showing you the speeds are quite possible and are going to be rolled out around the world. The speeds already exist today. 8 gig blocks would take something like 6.4 seconds to download on 10 Gbps running full speed. The next 593.6 seconds could be spent downloading the block chain.
I don't care about the network "splitting in two" because it won't unless a large majority of users and people running services get on board with it. It has checks built into the software, so just don't run it. You, me, anyone really, could go into Bitcoin core and modify the code to do what Gavin has done. He is merely letting the network decide what it wants. 
It's still not an issue.
Vote with your client. Nobody knows what the future holds but even now those speeds are well within reason.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:01:58
The government in every country on earth is not going to sabotage technological progress in their country, the very technology which grants them the ability to generate more economic activity.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:44:35
Can anyone in the super know answer this for me:
* 1) I send Bitcoin to an address for the side chain 
* 2) I have fancychaincoin now and send 1/3 of it to you 
* 3) You redeem fancychaincoin for Bitcoin
Will the sidechain be able to give partial redemption? I would imagine so but I want to be sure.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:41:11
Features that would take a hard fork to implement in Bitcoin.
Look at some of the best altcoins and their functionality, now we can apply those features to Bitcoin without needing a hard fork.
I am anxious to look at the code. 
Tokens are tokens are tokens.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:58:06
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:33:29
Blocks aren't consistently full now so it doesn't really change the fee structure all that much. 
Blocks also wouldn't magically become 20 MB overnight. They wouldn't become 8 MB overnight.
I don't really care what the number is so long as it's greater than 4 MB, which would make this a very temporary fix. This is all going to look ridiculous in retrospect. 
As long as the miners are being subsidized by the block reward the fee-market doesn't matter except for getting included in a full block. The fee market will not matter for a long time. If the limit was increased to 8 MB then we would eventually get back to this same exact scenario and you would be saying the same exact thing.
I agree that Gavin's proposal of forcing it isn't the best idea, but nobody is actually compromising. If you could point to a post where Maxwell et. al says anything greater than 4 MB would be ok then I'd be interested to read that. Last I saw Gavin was trying to get 8 MB, chinese miners were saying no, and the other devs were silent. The problem with going too low is we'll be back to this same scenario rather quickly.
I want to add that nodes are not a problem. This is like when Peter Todd said he sold x% of his coins because mining centralization was a problem. Look at how wrong he was. I said it at the time on a different account that he would be proven wrong and that it was VERY obvious that he would be. All of us involved in the community know that it is in our best interest to see Bitcoin succeed, whether it's from a purely ideological standpoint or an economic one. I run a full node because I know it's important. I pay for a server in a data center with a huge connection. If the node count dropped drastically and was in danger then I'd run more. It would be stupid of me not to (because of the wealth I have in Bitcoin), and I know a large portion of this community is in it to win it. We aren't going to watch our money evaporate because we can't be hassled to run a few servers. Don't kill the goose that laid the golden egg. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 05:47:49
They sound so slick. A Monero on steroids with a built in shapeshift.io (sans fees) to get you there and back again.
I also like the slides for eliminating colored coin dust on the network via sidechains AND having the resultant sidechain be SPV compatible. That's pretty major for asset ownership. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 05:30:40
I don't know how elements accomplishes anonymity but here's an easy example for you.
1000 people put bitcoin into various addresses to enter into a monero-esque ring signature sidechain. They all send the sidechain token between themselves and various other places. 10 people now cash out portions of those addresses. One user could theoretically be linked to many, many addresses for redemption on the Bitcoin blockchain depending on how many different people sent them money. The only thing that links those addresses is the redemption for Bitcoin, but you wouldn't know who owned that Bitcoin. There is no taint left to analyze. You only know what addresses went into the sidechain and their respective amount, but when they come out they could be divided amongst hundreds or thousands of people.
It's better than CoinJoin and other Bitcoin mixer implementations because the coins are on the sidechain and can remain there indefinitely. 
edit:  page 31 for their implementation. It's very cool. It hashes the amount you are sending in such a way to still be able to do computational sums with it for verification purposes, then throws that through a ring signature implementation that IS compatible with watch only wallets. It also states that you can send messages through it to the payee. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:20:33
Humans have never and will never reach 100% consensus on anything.
Would you say that if Satoshi was still developing the coin? It would be his project and he can do what he wants with it. Gavin was given control of the project and at some point he's going to have to lead. Gavin is not the only developer in favour of the increase.
If everyone is sensible and wants to increase it, then let's increase it. The mechanism is 1 line of code. The timing is within the next year.
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:45:25
* 
* 
My home internet connection is already too terrible for Bitcoin so I run nodes on servers in data centers. Even shared hosting is adequate for a node and probably will be forever. Shared hosting is also pretty damn cheap. The larger Bitcoin community should not be punished because I'm stuck with TWC and want to hold them back.
Google wants to do 10 Gbps within 3 years, 7x the quote in the article. I realize he's talking loosely there but let's be realistic on the length of time 21 years is. This technology already exists.
Anyone in metropolitan areas will be fine. Those out in the middle of nowhere might not be able to run servers out of their house.
This isn't an issue.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:51:11
Last I knew, more than just Mike and Gavin wanted the increase. Furthermore, a large percentage of the community wants it and is being held hostage with solutions that don't exist.
Just because a project is open source doesn't mean we treat every person in the auditorium with an idea as a special snowflake. Look at Linux as an example.
As for the block limit, it's pretty simple actually, it used to be higher and was artificially capped. This isn't some kind of new paradigm shift or technological breakthrough where we aren't sure what will happen. Miners can still relay smaller blocks if they want to.  UTXO will fill up some but that's inevitable. The coin limited was never artificially capped and can't be. It is simply not a good comparison. 
I actually don't care if Gavin makes Gavincoin. I would use that and sell all my Bitcoin because Bitcoin would serve no purpose any more. Bitcoin with larger blocks will not cease to function and is a more robust payment network, it's closer to reaching its potential. Even lightning devs have said they would need bigger blocks. With Gavincoin, developers could port Lightning to it and all the other Bitcoin addon layers. Bitcoin would then look silly in comparison and the people left behind would have deliberately shot themselves in the foot.
How is Bitcoin going to be the internet of money with 1 MB blocks? 
Make it 4 MB then. IDC at this point, it must increase to something. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:11:04
It does to me. Free market, let Maxwell fork it to Maxcoin v2 and Todd fork it to Toddcoin v1 and I'll keep running Bitcoin without needing an additional layer on top of it. 
I think most of the community is behind Gavin's proposal. I'd even be fine with 8 MB.
However, no increase is untenable.