@_author: dudestark
@_date: 2018-03-08 00:17:00
No one should downvote for a good respectful discussion. 
That is just bad taste. I understand your point of view, but then again, as an avid sub-penny stock investor, I can tell you with confidence that there exists a much higher rate of fraud in that world. If the SEC or any government institution can’t  fix that, if they couldn’t even see Bernie Madoff till it was too late, if their answer to saving us from corrupt markets is just to dump more money in it, why in the world do we need them involved in this sphere?
We are still a young sector, not even ten years old. We will figure things out, we will have growing pains, no doubt, but government involvement has never meant progress only red tape that slows everything down.
And again, in this case, I just see the SEC as wall street’s biggest and baddest soldier, trying to halt, slow down and gain control of what needs to remain a free enterprise of the people.
No one should tell you that you are not smart enough, rich enough, certified enough to decide what to do with your money. 
We had the dot com bubble, the housing bubble and many more and some lost while others won. It is the balance of the universe and anyone thinking that the SEC or any other government institution’s involvement will mean safety, is just diluting themselves.
Bitcoin and all the projects that came after, represent the ultimate disruption of a corrupt, controlled and antiquated financial system where we are not all the same.  Bitcoin and its sons and daughters have put us on equal footing and it is scaring the hell out of those that control the flow of monies around the world. 
What the SEC is doing is ensuring the wealth of a class of people and ensuring that the poor class has a harder chance at getting there. 
The USA becomes more communist as time goes by. We are no longer the land of the free, we are the land of control. No wonder why infrastructure is often times worst than in third world countries. Our trains, our roads, our airports, our banking system has been smoked buy poorer countries. 
We really need a couple of these cases to reach the Supreme Court and we all need to unite and tell the communist government: 
YOU CAN’TTELL ME HOW TO SPEND MY MONEY!
YOU CAN’T TELL ME THAT I AM NOT RICH ENOUGH TO INVEST IN AN IDEA.
If I want to sell my house and put it all on bobbyCOIN then that is my prerogative . 
We might as well raise the UK flag once again because I believe their nation offer its citizens more freedoms than ours. Our corrupt politicians are the new royal class here, they go in with 5000 dollars in their bank account and by the second term they m are worth millions. No one asks why, no one investigates. Why do we need these crooks that bought by lobbyists and are the ones behind communists government institution like the SEC, telling us how to spend our funds?
@_date: 2018-03-08 00:18:50
I completely agree with your observation.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:47:42
It’s just communist America pushing its capital control in the guise of protecting investors. Why don’t they stop scams that happen daily in the penny stock world? They can’t fix that but they are going after ICOS and exchanges. They can see that 5 years from now no one is going to be paying millions of dollars for an IPO - they can launch an ICO and include the world not just wall street and “accredited investors.” 
How crappy is that anyways, that only Accredited Investors can participate in in certain things. Smells like the rich staying and rich and the rest can go to hell. It just hurts them than Joe Sniffy that delivers pizza for a living can now become a millionaire if he drops 1000 USD on the right crypto or token.
YOU CANT MESS WOTH PROGRESS!!!! We will always find a way. I don’t need the SEC to protect me. Their track record sucks and it is all a lie. They don’t want to protect us, they want to preserve Wall Street. 