@_author: dude3333
@_date: 2016-10-12 06:33:12
That's a lot of whiny baby words to say "i got caught laundering my drug money" 
@_date: 2016-10-20 09:32:17
Holyshit don't show off that you're literally 12 years old so hardcore man. You blatant aggression makes it very very clear that you're absurdly insecure in yourself and lack basic social skills. Either that or you're really worried about getting caught buying drugs.
@_date: 2016-10-20 09:32:47
Hey man I voted 5 on the thread.
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:04:44
A quarter takes me 2 seconds to pick up. That is worth my time, hell if it was consistent that'd be a 450 dollars an hour. If that quarter was at the bottom of a storm drain though that required me to build an elaborate mechanism to retrieve, it wouldn't be worth my time.
@_date: 2015-10-27 13:23:31
Well chumps pay to learn random things, that's what the student loan slave dept economy is based on. In general though no I don't pay to learn things unless there is a tangible benefit to me for learning them; such as a direct economic incentive such as job promotions for continuing education or a entertainment such as the fun of learning history programs. So no I'm not some idiot college student paying for a degree in philosophy, which is about the practical value of learning about bitcoin unless there is a direct economic incentive.
@_date: 2015-10-31 04:15:53
I can tell you as someone involved in law enforcement that street level violence is by far the smallest part. In our area, which is fairly urban, there are twelve times as many cases of armed robbery to support a drug habit as we do cases in which violence occurs directly between druggies. The dark net makes the larger problem larger, and only helps to theoretically reduce violence between people statistically very unlikely to engage in violence.
In general street dealers are on the level and friendly with their clients. It's fairly simple to stay in business for any long period of time they need to develop a relationship of mutual trust with their regular clientele. This establishes a reliable stream of revenue  that doesn't risk falling into a police sting or running into a violent weirdo. The main alternative method to this are guys who insist on never making connections and never selling in the same area of a city twice. These guys are very small time and generally are paranoid enough to not initiate violence, after all not drawing attention is the whole reason for their random distribution.
Street level violence is 99% of the time is the result of one of three things. 
1) One of the free wheeling random guys upsetting someone whose established by underselling in their territory. 
2) Some middle class or upper class white kid trying to buy drugs from people he has never met before and doing something stupid.
3) Someone buying drugs on credit and failing to pay.
So we could make the world a slightly safer place for rich kids who want to buy drugs and people who want to sell drugs indie, but are willing to trust a central website with their personal information. This is a very small subset of victims of violent crime, and honestly the ones already safest from such crime.
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:06:21
That's a less convincing argument than one in favor of buying lotto tickets, because at least when i lose at the lotto my hands aren't covered in shit.
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:07:39
Personally my breaking point is about 30 dollars per hour spent retrieving, because if I volunteer for overtime at my job that's about how much I'd earn. Anything less is a waste of time because I could just call up my boss and volunteer to work the weekend instead.
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:05:34
Operating around a social stigma is another example of bitcoin losing the recipient value, but I was intending to focus on the time aspect specifically.
@_date: 2015-10-31 17:31:57
It's a bit more complicated than that. In general you can always assume that gang violence is a bigger deal in the media than it actually is in real life, because reporting on it brings in channel views. Retirees who watch Fox News all day will watch anything you show them to reinforce the idea that there are huge gangs of drug using black kids killing people all the time. When in reality despite gangs generally being involved in illegal activity they fundamentally want the same thing as everyone else, stability and capital. So if a bunch of people are getting shot in a gang's territory that generally means they're having trouble staying in charge. 
Now violence related to the drug trade is a big deal, after all it makes up like 60% of all murders in the US. Side note the only demographic of murder that even comes close is domestic violence leading to death which is also staggeringly high. The problem with using something like the Silk Road to fix drug violence is that the vast majority of it happens at the very high end distribution side. The guys smuggling in boat loads of cocaine from other countries, the guys who control all the product in an entire city, etc. These are not the small time operators who use the Silk Road, and they won't change over to the Silk Road.
Now I'm sure the idea that immediately comes to mind is "why don't people use sites like the Silk Road to undermine vast drug empires". Which is sadly only really feasible for a tiny minority of drugs like marijuana which is fairly easy to make by a single person; and honestly that's probably going to be legalized quicker than you could make an actually secure website to illegal distribute it anyways. The amount of influence and physical presence needed to import say cocaine from South America or research chemicals from Russia means that it basically all of the drugs on the Silk Road of their type went through the hands of these cartels at one point or another.
The easiest way to reduce drug violence is just to not do drugs, and not facilitate drug use in others. If you must though work for legalization and don't deal with anything that needs to be imported, which is basically everything besides pot.
Quick note: All of the above is general information based on experience in a densely urban region of the Midwest of the US. Things may be different on the coasts or in other countries. Also none of this applies to guys who run meth labs, they're fucking nuts. It's too easy to make and there are way too many competing meth labs in the US for any sorta of coherent market to stabilize. So they tend to go all chainsaw massacre on each other in fights over the incredibly tiny markets they each service. Spill over violence is much more common with meth but the pattern of distributors attacking each other way more often than their customers holds true.
@_date: 2015-10-30 18:21:21
Why would he? The section that he cut out of drug purchasing was by far the safest part. In general your local dealer isn't going to take part in any violence either initiated by the dealer or by costumers. Most drug violence is either at the high end region distribution level or the result of addicts running out of money and stealing in order to purchase more drugs. Ulbricht did nothing to reduce violence in the former case, and in the latter case providing a far easier method of acquiring drugs actually likely led to far more addiction and thus more violence from sustaining those addictions.
So no a man who did nothing but increase violence will not receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
@_date: 2015-10-26 22:53:55
For some people overtime isn't an option but to make bitcoin a worthwhile investment still needs to be measured against just taking the opportunity value of that time. What could you be doing with your time. You could be working out for that period of time to reduce healthcare costs, you could be pursuing a positive relationship with a neighbor, or even just improving your state of mind by consuming media. Money as the cost of time is of primary importance though because that's all bitcoin can possibly provide is monetary reward. Bitcoin or really any currency cannot be seen as an ends in and of itself. Currency does not help humans by its nature, but by the nature that what it can purchase for them. Hence why you must account for the time between bitcoin being a worthless abstraction to the time bitcoin becomes a usable currency, any time you access its value to any individual.
Even if it isn't a long term thing toppertunity me still has value. If I was given a check that required me to open a new bank account to cash I probably wouldn't bother unless it was a fairly substantial sum of money, if only because I have better things to do.