@_author: dug-ac
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:34:24
I am still having a hard time with any gain from mining being capital (1001).  I think you'd just deduct expenses and report income on whichever basis the business uses (162).  Maybe that's what you meant here?


What do you think about IRC 83?.  The only benefit would be to make any eventual gain capital, not ordinary, assuming you could get the capital argument to fly.
Personally I want to see it classified as a currency.  This is a broader discussion, but if everyone thinks it's an investment it will fail eventually.  For one thing, if it's capital, every time you buy a cup of coffee you have a reportable transaction (cue the "I won't report it" comments from another post...).
I will be treating gains as capital and BTC mining activities as engaged in for profit or hobby and electing 83(b), since these are the positions that benefit the taxpayer.  However, I will also be putting the uncertain positions disclosure in any of these that I sign.
@_date: 2013-11-27 20:32:07
I guess I'm looking for the code section.  I agree with your argument, but it sounds a lot like 263A, and  263A only applies to real or tangible personal property.  I don't think you could classify Bitcoins as tangible?
One thing I really like about your argument is that it would mitigate the hobby loss rules by having basis in the sold product.  Losses might not be deductible, assuming the side bar is correct and you can't make a profit by mining, but zero income would be better than picking up the AGI and having the limited Sch A hobby loss.
@_date: 2013-11-22 23:07:50
I'm late to this party, but as someone who actually wanted to use Bitcoin I hope someone reads this and responds to me.
Why would I buy "money" that could be worth significantly less tomorrow?  
I just got my bank account verified, and in a day the cost is up $70USD.  I just have a feeling that there's a bubble about to pop, and I already played that game with a house.
@_date: 2013-11-27 07:08:39
Also a CPA.  Probably like you, this fascinates me and I've wondered about these things but haven't had the time to research.
In a few comments you compare the tax treatment for mining to actual physical mining.  I'm curious what your logic to get there is (ie citation needed).  I guess I just assumed it would be business/hobby income, subject to those rules on deductibility of expenses, but haven't really though too hard about it.
You maintain that cap gain treatment applies.  This is exactly what I would do with any client's return, but here's my question - what is the long term outlook for bitcoin if it turns out to be an investment and not a currency?
Finally, on the comment from the honey guy, wouldn't USD be his functional currency and BTC basically a foreign currency?  Curious to see what you come up with there, since I can't see another way.
Thanks for doing this!  And ignore the assholes that come here to argue with you, I've seen more than usual around here lately.
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:04:29
You understand the coins can drop in value just as fast as they went up, right?