@_author: duilawdoge
@_date: 2014-06-18 02:02:33
Do you consider failing to apologize in any way for a situation like this "working on this"? 
Maybe this is why your volume is so low.
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:52:22
Interesting that not once has Moolah said "sorry for the errors on our part" or "sorry that we held your money for so long".
Instead his attitude has been that because he wasn't personally aware of the situation its no biggie.
He commented in the dogecoin thread that
–]moolah_ 1 point an hour ago
Incorrect. Your card was sent, I do not know why it did not show up. I personally (the CEO) was unaware of your case until this thread popped up. You have since been refunded.
As if its no big deal that his company held my money for weeks and lied to me about a refund. The only way that I got that refund is by posting here.
What angers me the most is his complete lack of remorse for screwing me over.
As I responded in the other thread.
[–]DUILawDoge[S] 1 point 9 minutes ago
So are you saying that I shouldn't have been angry at being promised a refund and not receiving it. First, how was I to know that you (ceo) were unaware of the situation. Second, are you stating that anytime a customer has an issue with your company they can only receive results if they contact the ceo directly? Finally, as the ceo you should know, that your company is responsible for the actions of its employees taken on its behalf. Its not my faul that you hired incompetent support staff. Yet you act as if its no big deal that your company held my money for weeks and lied to me. Seriously, if I ran my Law Firm that way I would have no clients.
Seriously, your attitude througout this debacle makes it seem that you don't care about your customers in the least.
@_date: 2014-11-12 00:33:32
Bwa ha ha ha. Yes please sue us all for "defamation" now that your scams have been revealed.
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:59:19
I am torn on that front. If we regulate too much than bitcoin becomes like fiat.
Frankly, I think that we just need exchanges that actually give a damn about their clients.
@_date: 2014-06-19 02:12:09
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:33:39
I can confirm that I have now received an full refund via Paypal.
Notice that Moolah did not have to wait three weeks for me to post this fact.
Editing to add that I have yet to receive any type of apology for this
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:38:20
I just received an email from the original customer service rep that I spoke to. He wanted to know if I had ever received my refund. Huh?
Also, Moolah (or one of his reps) claimed in my original post in Doge sub (which moolah had deleted) that the problem was caused because they outsourced support but were no longer going to do so. Then why was I contacted by the original support person that I had spoken to?
@_date: 2014-06-19 02:20:29
As an update, the mod over at dogecoin sub claimed that my post was deleted as FUD. The mod then proceeded to lecture me about being an uneducated troll who should be embarrassed by my posting - all of this in barely literate quasi-legal vernacular.
So the mod's claim seems to be that a company can be allowed to advertise to its members but if a member posts regarding wrongdoing by that advertiser it is FUD and must be removed.
The mod also claimed that it was grossly over the line for me to suggest that he/she would bear some responsibilty if others were screwed after he/she suppressed evidence of prior wrongdoing by the company.
I respectfully pointed out that a barely literate moron condescending about the law and education to a practicing attorney with 20 yrs of experience was ironic.
Frankly, I feel dumber for even having read the mod's posts and am glad I dumped my Doge and can just avoid that sub altogether.
@_date: 2014-06-18 02:04:18
Yes, I got a refund - but only after going public here after being ignored by support.
Of course Moolah keeps stating that he didn't know about it because support didn't tell him as if that is an excuse. 
If that is so then why didn't he respond to my paypal dispute after 3 days had passed. Was support in control of Moolah's paypal account as well? When I filed the dispute I received an email from paypal immediately. If support has control of his paypal account that would be shocking to me.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:31:13
Actually, that is complete Bull Sh!t. You try to make it sound as if I went crazy because I waited a couple of minute for a response. In actuality, I was ignored for weeks even after filing a paypal dispute. You then act like its no big deal that I was promised a refund for weeks on end and only received it AFTER posting about it on reddit.
The real interesting story is that you are on the Dogecoin foundation Board and seem to be able to have any negative info about you removed from Dogecoin sub at will. What a shocker that your negligence gets covered up at every turn. 
You are one shady operator!
 
@_date: 2014-06-18 04:05:43
Interesting fact. Despite my not being satisfied with Moolah's response to this issue he was able to get the mods in the dogecoin sub to remove my post.
Several users have now told me that several posts regarding problems with moolah have been deleted by mods recently.
Frankly, that is as shady as moolah's keeping my money in the first place.
Not sure what the mods excuse is but this is info that people have a right to see.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:33:21
actually, its funny that you say that. I considering pointing out in the Dogecoin thread that I bill $400 per hour and that I wasted several hours of my time on this issue.
However, the mob over there would have pointed out that I am Evil and Moolah is God - so I didn't bother.