@_author: dukesolar
@_date: 2019-10-21 06:59:43
The time will come when custodian solutions for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be so istitutionalised that most people will be paid in cryptocurrencies issued by the state, by commercial banks or by companies. The new banks will offer custodial services for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies (since many fiat would have been replaced by the new digital currencies).
Being a bank gives you the right by law to create credit / loan / new money injected into the economy. At this point the banks will create new money in the form of their own cryptocurencies that can be exchanged into BTC. They did the same with gold-backed usd. The banks will play the same game. The banks will issue new btc-backed credit into the economy, so it will exoand as today and only serve assets transactions, create house-market bubble, stocks market bubble as done today. Bank will realise that not everybpdy will exchange their bank-money into BTC, they will just use the btc-bank-money-substitute to pay their peers, grocery shops and taxes. Banks will then reduce the amount of real BTC they have as reserve in their cold storage (vault) and the history repeats again.
BTC will just replace the role of gold today, not much will change. Banks will continue to do what they have done in the entire history of human kind, legalised usury business, creates new money from the promise of spmebody willing to enslave himself for years in the future. 
So holding BTC in the future will be as holding gold today. At some point you will need to exchange it. Being digital gold, it is easier to carry and spend it than physical gold.
Inflation vs deflation, this discussion will not change. There will always be different form of money, some more inflatuonary than others and some truly working as store of value. 
In order to change the current inflationary system we must change the law that gives the only right to create new money to banks and only banks. The banks are the creators of all money and debt in tje world. 97% of all money in circulation are created by banks. This is debt-based money, not the money created by central banks. See prof Richard Werner presentations and book "Where does money come from" to truely understand the process of money creation.
If I want to take a loan in BTC, where do I go? You see, the main issue is, who has the right to create new money and lend it to someone and for what purpose ?