@_author: dulout
@_date: 2017-09-08 06:26:20
Deflation is one of the greatest threats to economic growth in the world. It causes people to horde wealth to obscene levels. Money leaves banks, and companies can no longer borrow cash to purchase capital and resources and pay for employees to make things. 
Hint: Car companies borrow money to make cars, sell the cars and then pay back the loan. It costs them .025% interest for a very short period of time, but it allows them to create inventory without needing to keep a huge amount of cash reserves. Otherwise, every car company would have to operate like tesla, with a car taking months to be delivered after you pay for it.
In a normal economy, Savings = Investments, because you don't hold on to cash. You put your money into a bank account, into the stock market, or into bonds. Savings accounts and bonds have interest rates that exceed the rate of inflation in general, while the stock market generally sees growth in excess of inflation, all of which make those investment options, and thus savings options, far better than holding on to cash.
Problem is that each of those types of savings has a different level of liquidity. It takes time to remove money from bonds, and there are usually some rules against taking more than a certain amount of money out of a savings account at a bank. Stock markets are the most liquid of those investment options, but also most volatile.
Bit coins are dangerous because they could disappear tomorrow, and their entire value is based upon speculation of their value. Because of their volatility, they will never be a viable currency. All that is happening at the moment is the bit coin is both being printed like a currency in Hyper inflation, and being valued as a currency that is in hyper deflation. It's absolutely retarded, and when it falls apart, billions of dollars will just vanish into thin air.
It really seems like the only purpose for bitcoins right at the moment is to clean dirty money. You can't really buy grocieries with it at the store, you can't buy lumber at the mill. The market for them to exchange for real things is very limited. It failed to catch, and it's be too much of a pain in the ass for shops to try and keep their prices up to date with the random pricing of the bitcoin.