@_author: dumbfuck1128
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:21:15
Sorry for being “jealous” of all the wealth accumulated by the bottom 99% from the rise in Bitcoin. I too, think lambos are cool. But my comment was towards the idea that if Bitcoin truly gets adopted, it really won’t affect the wealth gap as the poster perceives. I stated that 25 people alone in America hold $1trillion in wealth (top 400 hold a little north of $2.5trillion combined). That’s not even the top 1% of the 330million+ people that live in the great country that I assume you live in. To affect the wealth gap, it’ll take more than owning coins that have been widely adopted as a medium of exchange, is all I’m saying. There are plenty of people I see that truly believe in the concept, and the rest are lambo dreamers, so who is really the jealous one?
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:55:00
No arguments my friend... They're really is just useless Pogs. =)
Good day sir.
@_date: 2018-05-17 16:42:46
There are plenty of uses for a decentralized currency. Think of the countries who's currency are not as stable as the US. Think if this stuff was around in the 90's in Yugoslavia during the war as an example. When you could go buy a loaf in bread in the morning for 1 dinar, but that same loaf of bread in the afternoon could be 5 dinars... etc. You'd have that store of value in Bitcoin where you wouldn't in your local currency... 
Plus Bitcoin paved the way for Blockchain ledger tech to be adopted by various companies.
@_date: 2018-05-18 18:41:38
here's a real world example. use google to find another example if you like. I cannot believe I am taking time out of my work day to explain my personal opinion.
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:37:26
I don't want to get in arguments. I'm just sparking conversation. I like reading what other people think / feel / truly believe in. 
But, are there not top 1&amp; of Bitcoin holders? Aren't the Winkelvoss twins huge holders? Does the mentality not shift if Bitcoin goes to $1,000,000? Wouldn't the rest of  the 99&amp; non\-Bitcoin holders want to revolt against the top 1&amp; wealthiest Bitcoin holders?
To be fair, some of the wealthiest top 1&amp; have pledged giving 50&amp; of their wealth to the Bill and Malinda Gates Foundation. The greed in the coin makes me believe we will see no such similarities in the top 1&amp; of Bitcoin holders when it does go to the "Moon". 
@_date: 2018-05-16 19:45:02
That's not exactly how it works....
The top 25 Wealthiest People in America have $1 Trillion in wealth. Not because the banks lowered interest rates to sub 1.00&amp; for a decade \(most of them had this wealth well before that\).
Of the Top 25 \- 13x Created Businesses from Scratch that EVERYONE in the WORLD USES \(Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Nike... All companies that most of you Bitcoin Technology believers probably work or worked at\). 5x Inherited that wealth \- \(3x Walton Family &amp; 2x Mars Family\). If you hate the fact that this is how the wealth is distributed, then STOP SUPPORTING these companies. Stop using Amazon, Stop using Facebook, Stop shopping at Walmart, Stop buying Mars bars......
Instead you most of you people think that buying the modern day version of "Pogs" is going to make you rich... Create something. Do something that benefits / changes the world. But no...   Most of you guys want to buy Pogs that you think will make you a millionaire with absolutely no contribution to Society / the World.
Note, I said "Most" of you. There are quite a few of you that I truly believe actually believe in the technology and how it will change the world, and seem to be contributing to it's adoption in the world, but most of you are just in it to get rich.... In my eyes: The ones who are in it for the "Lambos" are disgraceful. The ones who truly believe in the technology and are trying to move it forward in the world for the betterment of this world are Admirable.
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:31:14
I like you... You're cra.. You're crazy.. But I like you.
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:47:02
You are not "Wasting" your money on pogs.... You've acquired a medium of exchange... Those "Pogs" can be exchanged for goods and services.... Those of you that think if you buy your pogs, because I will be able to exchange 1 pog for a Lambo in the near future, is what's wrong... There is nothing wrong with owning Bitcoin as a medium of exchange, and perpetuating that particular medium of exchange, in hopes that it gets adopted as the WORLD's main medium of exchange. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 20:45:02
I only use Pogs as a laments example... I liken "Cryptocurrencies" to Pogs as: they are popular among the youth, is essentially gambling \- but they just don't realize it, and in a decade can easily fall from popularity similarly, have no real value other than what someone else is willing to pay for them at a specific time \-  "Alf pogs! Remember Alf? He's back... in pog form! \- $50".... 
By all means, I do not believe "Cryptocurrencies" will fall off the face of the earth, but there definitely are a lot that exhibit the symptoms of Pogs. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 20:35:44
When you trade your Bitcoins in exchange for goods / services \(ie, you buy your Lambo\), do you think the Lambo dealership holds on to those Bitcoins, or do they sell them to get the cash equivalent of the current value of those Bitcoins? I imagine the theoretical Lambo dealership sells it to get the cash. 
If every one of the biggest companies in the world started accepting Bitcoin tomorrow. Do you think that takes away from the wealth of the wealthiest 1&amp; No, if you spend X$ equivalent worth Bitcoin at Walmart, and it makes it easier for the world to obtain goods or services from said Walmart, Walmart will still benefit, as does the Walton Family.  Do you think that at some point in the future, companies will stop accounting for their revenues and earnings in dollars, instead reporting in Bitcoin? You think Walmart's financial statements \(and all US public company financial statements\) will start reporting revenues and earnings in Bitcoin?
You don't have to create Bitcoin to be involved in Bitcoin. As you didn't have to create the concept of an iPhone App in order to create an iPhone App that people use and changes / betters the world. You can be a part of it. But simply buying the "Coin" isn't the added value that will lead to a change in the wealth gap. As another commenter said, it'll be a wealth transfer of sorts. But until that Coin, be it Bitcoin, Etherium, Dogecoin, whatever, starts providing the goods and services beyond a means of EXCHANGE for goods and services, the top 1&amp; will continue to be the top 1&amp;
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:42:33
Sure. That works too. Not saying Bitcoin is the only way to do things, but it offers a way to do things.
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:19:03


@_date: 2018-05-17 17:05:46
or think of my friend who happens to be the Prince of Nigeria. He has all this money in the bank, but cannot access it because he has to pay fees before he can access it. What am I gonna Western Union the money to him? Mail him a check? No, he needs the money now! I will send him the Bitcoin so he can get it right away, get his money from the bank and pay me back!
That and drugs... 
@_date: 2018-05-18 17:53:39
I cannot be the only person in the world, or this sub, to believe this technology can be used in a positive manner.... 
You said:
 "How about switching to ANY other stable Fiat currency? Or inventing a new one, like they did in Venezuela? That one wasn't influenced by news about Chinese miners, US federal regulation, dark web arrests, exchange fraud, etc... "
Example: A country falls into civil war, rather quickly, which wreaks havoc on their currency. How long does it take a country to adopt a different fiat currency? How quickly can the country obtain a sizable portion of that stable fiat currency to distribute to their citizens? How quickly can a country create a new currency? If the answer isn't OVERNIGHT, there are people that would be negatively impacted until one of your solutions is created. IF in the meantime, they are able to use these pogs to transact without losing as much purchasing power overnight, if this helps just one person not starve to death in the meantime in one of these scenarios, that is to me beneficial.
There is also the mobility aspect of the pogs. Let's say YOU have a family member that lives in one of these civil war regions. How do YOU send them money to help them out? You gonna mail them US Dollars? 
I also mentioned how Bitcoin is paving the way for Blockchain Technology \(the ledger itself\) to be adopted by Corporations, for ideally for Security Purposes... That is beneficial to me.
Perhaps you do not "feel" any of the above is "beneficial", but I do. We are each entitled to our own opinion are we not?
@_date: 2018-05-17 00:48:54
What I'd truly love to see, is that some of you Geniuses \(and I do not mean that in the Reddit s/ mentality \- as I believe quite a few of you Bitcoin believers are fucking Geniuses\) start companies like "BitWalmart" or "BitChocolate" or "BitSearchEngine" or "BitSocialHousing" or "BitEndHomelessness", whatever \(and let me get involved in such creations\) so that you can use this newly created technology \(almost like the creation of the Internet, rather than fucking Pogs" to redistribute this wealth accordingly.  I very much hate that this technology is taken advantage of for simple gains \(when Long Island Ice Tea renames themselves to Long BlockChain, or several other small cap companies I can mention, but will not right now\). You people have something going. Something great. And can do GREAT things. Prospects of owning Lambos isn't it. The fact that at the Bitcoin conference in New York this week, the originators \(or HODLers of the Conference.....\) rented a fleet of Lambos to park in front of the conference, and paid actors to stand out front, is not what the true believers stand for...
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:07:19
Sorry... I've been drinking... 
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:35:28
That might be true in the recent volatile environment, but there aren't too many single days where the Bitcoin drops 50&amp; But in some of these countries their buying power in their local currency could be halved \(or worse\) by the end of the day.  Not saying it's the best store of value. 
I figure people in these places can just hold gold or silver coins instead, but it'd probably be harder to transact regularly with gold and silver coins, but same concept.
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:39:24
Jesus1128 was taken.....