@_author: dumbdoggydummy
@_date: 2015-08-29 04:20:52
Here's why I think this is a good thing: If transactions spike, then miners will have every reason to start upping blocksize to max limit of their technical capacity(which is the key here), they make money off the fees. If transaction volumes spike beyond what miners can technically handle, then tough titties, we have to deal with it. This will allow offchain methods to fill a role, allow expansion side channels like Lightning, and Sidechains a way to actually test themselves in a still relatively small userbase. It will also be an oppurtunity to allow a fee market to develop. This is not because of ideological "it needs to happen" arguments, its because the miners will have the rational incentive to up blocksize to what they can handle, and if it keeps steamrolling after that, will have every rational incentive to upgrade their equipment/connections to handle more. Being able to test those other things live if they are ready in time is a side benefit of a situation that is inevitable anyway. Unless we spike to hundreds of millions of people overnight, the fee market won't kill anything, it just might be another thing discouraging use in real third world countries(of which there are lots now as it is), and an inconvenience to users that might still be cheaper than fiat alternatives. 
And in the end, beyond that, miners will always have an incentive to upgrade to handle more transactions as the increase beyond capacity reaches a point of profitability, up til they literally can't handle anymore. Alternative protocols built ontop of the blockchain can handle the demand if its too much in those periods of growth, or when a ceiling is met. I think this is the best way to do it, and honestly the only way to stop a "civil war" from breaking out everytime anything with the limit comes up for debate. There is enough shit in our future with that potential as is. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 18:32:43
Better than nodes voting, miners won't raise the limit if the negatives outway the pros, and they will have an incentive because of fees to raise it if it gloms up too much. I think tying it to miner incentive is actually what you should do with it instead of risk a hard fork everytime or scaling it too fast. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:23:41
Because Namecoin hasn't become as widely used as Bitcoin yet. If Namecoin starts becoming a widely used DNS system, watch how fast miners start merge-mining it. If something is truly valuable to the world, most miners will mine it, especially if it does not affect their mining of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:09:45
It is decentralized to the point where the only "centralization" is the possibly temporary locking of funds, and no single entity can arbitrarily subject you to that. I'd say thats an amazing job at not requiring a binary "pay high fees or just a centralized company like Coinbase."
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:13:02
I have seen it more than a few times in the other sub. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 15:47:37
I find ignoring the truth in that statement disgraceful. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:00:06
I mirrored this post in the other place for exactly that reason, feel free to check that one. 
@_date: 2015-09-15 00:48:39
No, not bullshit. That is the factual reality. You have obviously not read anything close to a factual account of the Federal Reserve and how it works. First off, there is no president, there is a Chairman of the Board of Governors. The Board of Governors prior to 35 was almost powerless against the local heads of the Reserve Banks, and at that point things started centralizing in DC under the Board of Governors. 
The Federal Reserve Bank is a completely private institution aside from the choosing of Board Members for a 14 year term, and a Chairman for 4 years. Go read some books instead of reading bullshit online. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 05:47:07
I would like to say something though I find personally hilarious. It seems to me on this side we've had a heated, but open, and unless there is shadow-banning everywhere, multi-sided discourse here. I mirrored this thread in the place that must not be named, and hilariously, in the place created to escape rampant downvoting and censorship and one-sidedness, that seems to be all that happened on that front. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:29:48
Valid point, but still. If we really want this to scale, compromises need to be made. It's decentralized enough that you cannot get ripped off short of a compromised computer(which will always be a problem for bitcoin), or your own negligence in having an open channel you aren't monitoring or using to prevent it from being closed out invalidly. 
Quite frankly, I don't see how thats any different than being responsible for the possessions of your own pocket. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:21:35
You could do something like Myriadcoin, where multiple algorithms are used, and allow both main chain miners and totally independent ones. There are lots of things you can do with sidechains, which is why they are not inherently centralized. The entire main blockchain itself could become centralized, does that mean right at this moment Bitcoin is centralized? No. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 17:11:59
A tiny fraction of this sub has left and subscribed to the other one, and the numbers have stagnated around 12,000. 90% of people here are not leaving. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 17:19:00


avoiding the question? Thats a direct answer from where I'm sitting. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 19:19:21
Think about it like this. Back in the 10s-20s you could buy things for a penny. That was the lowest unit of currency, you could get a coke for like 5 pennies. Over time that cost inflated, a coke is now 212 pennies where I work. Imagine if it went the other way, and instead of a penny buying less, a penny bought more. You'd have to create a unit smaller than a penny, that a penny could be broken into. Say 10:1 for this new coin to a penny. Thats essentially what the smallest units of a bitcoin are(a satoshi), really really small units of the currency to allow us to be ready for that world where money buys more over time instead of less. It lets you compute cost more efficiently(not rounding up or down by the penny), and allows you to pay for things valued at less than a penny. That opens up whole new markets to be expanded online for digital goods and services. But essentially, its back to the pizza. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:32:21
 There you go. There's Gavin himself outright lying. The p2p message limit is 32 MB, you can scroll through my post history to find the reply with the link to the source. He lies and says it used to be 1MB and is now 2MB. He is an outright liar. 
@_date: 2015-09-10 08:54:01
Its also terrifying, because if market demand doesn't result in a rising price, lots of miners might not be profitable anymore. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:39:21
Honestly, I would have thought it was cheesy as hell to just plug Bitcoin into that show with a random cameo. There's enough shit the majority of viewers probably have no understanding of in that show, adding Bitcoin would just make it another computer thing they don't understand. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:19:12
From what I've heard(from other users, not mods) they are allowing one topic or so a day dealing with XT to try and keep the rest of the sub from turning into a flame war. Better than what was happening previously, but still too controlling of information flow. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:37:10
hmmmm....interesting. Thanks for the learning experience. How complicated is it to set that? (I run Lubuntu)
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:27:44
Yes I meant someone with open channels. Nodes that run payment channels would be nice, but that still requires money to drop into one, and the logical choice from what I can see is businesses. They routinely have to have lots of capital coming in and out, and a decent amount on hand. 
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:05:13
Those wars usually involved convincing or forcing huge populations to pay for it, which took alot longer and was more involved of a process to start one. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 04:32:47


Right there you imply pay-to-play, a gatekeeping centralized model. See I can quote people out of context too. 


That is what I actually said, in full context, which conveys a completely different message. 
So what if Blockstream is a private company? Is HTTPS somehow a backdoor to manipulate me into acting against my own best interests? Or is it a tool that helps use the internet more securely. Cause that was made a private company. Is VOIP some evil sinister plot, or something that can make my life easier? Cause that has three companies fingers in it. You point at Blockstream like it justifies any attack of things developed there without any technical facts. Well guess what, I can do that too. Gavin met with the CIA, he is not trustworthy in the slightest.  There in fact is a link of him outright lying about the p2p message size which is the 32 MB upper limit both XT and Core have to deal with. See what I did there? I used a fact, citing a source, to back up a statement. Gavin is not trustworthy. Can you do the same for Blockstream?
@_date: 2015-09-16 22:33:25
I'm saying that the Federal Reserve and its influence has much more infiltrated the Federal Government than vice versa. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 03:28:22
Where the fuck is this psychotically insane bullshit that sidechains and the lightning network are centralized services? That is completely and utterly false. Lightning network relies on decentralized hubs of payment channels that STILL REQUIRE PRIVATE KEY SIGNATURES TO USE(EXACTLY LIKE THE BLOCKCHAIN). It is in no way centralized. Sidechains, anybody here ever heard of merged mining before? Or do everyone's brains just dump out valuable information every night to start fresh the next day? People are running to and fro screaming "sidechains are just centralized ledgers!!!" Not when you have ACTUAL MINERS MERGE MINING THEM. What the hell do you think will happen if a sidechain is actually promising with potential? Miners will secure it, just like the main chain. There's still transaction fees to earn for processing payments, and if someone found a logical reason to design an inflationary sidechain(I see none immediately evident), they could slowly just gain a bigger and bigger chunk of the bitcoin tied to the chains through the sidechain peg. 
Everybody is running around like a chicken with their head cut off that can only remember a fraction of the things people should have learned by now, squaking doomsday this, doomsday that. It's fucking ridiculous. This is supposed to be a community of enthusiasts and experts, not 172,308 self-proclaimed know it all idiots. 
The majority of the back and forth bullshit, is one person (whether they support XT or Core is irelavent) positing an actual hypothesis back by actual factual or argumentative data is attacked by someone attacking inconsistencies as if they can only conceptually grasp 1/10 of the total concept, and then when refuted, simply switch views to a different "1/10th" of the concept at hand, sidestepping each refuting and simply making another conceptually incoherent attack ignoring many layers of the topic at hand, until eventually a giant wall of text that no one wants to read sits there. That giant wall of text is someone attempting to state a position and engage in discourse, being met by the worst kind of troll, the one who comes across to the laymen as someone who is an expert when they are not, and it is totally destroying this community. 
BITCOIN IS NOT YOUR PROPERTY, IT IS AN EVOLVING EXPERIMENT. IT IS NOT YOURS TO DECIDE WHAT HAPPENS WITH IT. It is something that hypothesis should be formed about, and tested, and those that fail those test discarded, and others tested until verifiable confirmations can be had. Then actions and design should build upon what is proven correct. Anything else is childish arrogant and selfish. If you promote XT, argue why with technical facts, not assumptions about HOW THE FUTURE WILL PLAY OUT(technology will keep pace). If you promote Core, ARGUE WITH FACTS BACKED BY DATA. DEMAND TESTS THAT ARE SOUND AND VERIFIABLE IF DATA DOES NOT EXIST. Do not lower yourself to spamming nodes offline, and refusing to even sit at the table anymore.
If you support something else entirely, LOOK AT THE DATA, GATHER MORE OF IT. START THERE, not personal attacks and flawed assumptions. 
That is all, bitcoin communities in general are starting to annoy me with both a lack of open discussion(which guess what, leads into this next thing:), a complete abundance of partial and total ignorance. Thats what these places are becoming. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 04:06:15
I really hope this is sarcastic. 
@_date: 2015-09-10 22:55:10
That is not the case, that money remained in escrow and I was asked to deposit more money for each purchase I made. I ended up opening a totally independent second order that actually shipped, and was required to deposit more money. I made 2 more purchases, one of which failed(that money I did successfully withdraw), but each time I was asked to deposit the full price of the new order, and the existing balance in escrow was not credited. It simply vanished at some point from my escrow wallet in between orders. I appreciate that it was a holiday weekend, but I very carefully tracked my orders and the money involved, and was neither credited nor allowed to withdraw the money for the initial keyboard order. 
I can provide screen shots of the payments made from my trezor is you'd like. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:34:57
There is Gavin in an outright lie to counter proponents of Core. He is full of shit, and by no means using logic evidence or discussion. Just an outright lie. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:32:08
Yeah I knew about the test, has not affected me in the slightest. I think the fundamental difference is deeper though. At least from my anecdotal experience, most XT supporters seem hell bent on the limit and driving it as high as possible thinking this will CAUSE the user adoption, unbalancing of the network be damned. Core adopters are simply trying to be prepared for that eventuality, not cause it. I think therein lies the problem. Too many people on the XT side simply think that being ready for a big user spike will cause it, and are certain their pet implementation will cause it. That is dangerously delusional. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 15:42:02
I very much care about the specifics. Events like this are where Bitcoin changes lanes on the road its going down. Theres a few exit ramps I would not like it to take. I would not like to see unavoidable centralization continue in mining if it can be mitigated long enough to see enough companies get themselves on sound footing that it isn't a duopoly or triopoly in 10 years. As well, I don't want to see top-layer protocols further demonized to the point that people start making it harder for them to integrate with Core. Those are two very dangerous possibilities if things take the wrong turn here. 
I also don't want last minute solutions, because if history is an indicator that will lead to sloppy code and short-sighted design. 
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:24:58
I don't give a rats ass who is developing Bitcoin source code as long as its getting done, and is transparent in what it does. Thats the whole idea. I could give a crap if Gavin stopped developing for Bitcoin at all. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 07:16:57
Built in multi-sig can be pretty convenient. It was also the first wallet I had with dynamic fees structured by bits of data in the TX(which I like because thats how it should be, you pay for how much data usage you impose on nodes and miners), its also a slim easy to use and understand user interface. Wallets I think are pretty stagnant looking at all the things we're learning about the network and new top layer protocols and features. Even if Bitpay dives under, if Copay is maintained by others or encourages other wallets to incorporate new features or functions that the protocol is capable of then it at least accomplished that bit to drive things forward. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 04:56:40
Thats total BS. I have had ten times the logical reasoned discourse on this subreddit than the other one. I can't even post more than once every 9 minutes because people just downvote downvote downvote for absolutely no reason other than I disagree with them. Anyone who thinks this subreddit is where the suppression of discussion is going on has a warped mind. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:37:59
Because he is a smart person. I do drugs, I sure as shit would not be ordering them off the darknet if I was constantly doing other illegal things. 
@_date: 2015-09-10 17:23:40
Uhm...yes there is. Qualcomm and Intel and their involvement in 21 Inc. If they start churning out ASICs the amount in use now will look like nothing after a few years. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:33:25
Just FYI thats against sub rules, use changetip or exchange addresses with a PM. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:05:08
1. That is a major concern of mine that I have posted about before. I'm also worried about psuedonodes saturating connection between legitimate nodes and that be used as a way by miners to affect block propagation times of their competition. This whole snaffu has highlighted a few security risks that have not been addressed before. 
2. I have also posted about this, and agree 100%. 
3. The whitepaper did not contemplate this, but Satoshi himself spoke many times on the fact that this type of centralization would be inevitable before he disapeared. My concern is not fucking with miner incentives and further centralization things, miners will be big conglomerate pools, companies, or private farms. My concern is keeping this ecosystem as diverse as possible, because centralization at least to that scale is unstoppable. I would rather take our time and wind up with 20+ conglomerates of miners than less than 10. 
4. I do not agree with this at all. Sidechains will either be experimental only, or be secured properly if used beyond experimentation. As far as LN, businesses are the key. One channel with a business allows a one channel hop exchange with every customer that has a channel open with them. If that business has channels open with other businesses, then those customers are 4 hops away. This can work its way up supply chains as well to decentralize but allow wide access to a multitude of connected hubs. 
5. I fundamentally disagree here, I do not believe building scaling protocols on top of the blockchain will be private, permissioned, or centralized at all. Only the ones currently active and usable are, but we are still very early in development. Yes Bitcoin is evolving, because Satoshi was not an all-seeing prophet. Things will change, but as long as the problem its attempting to solve doesn't, I don't see anything wrong with that. It was bound to happen.
6. I don't think this is a risk at all, if these happened, I would dump all my coins and move to something else. The block reward schedule is probably the one thing the majority of users and companies agree should not ever be changed. I don't think being conservative has anything to do with preventing miners from destroying the network, just to give them an idea of what fee markets and their margins might look like down the line at different projected BC values. This will allow miners to actually start planning long term instead of on a yearly basis. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:17:26
Rational people like you are the ones I want being more vocal. But I see you downvoted to oblivion, and posts that are barely visible without scrolling through all the BS at the top. Which is exactly the problem I touched on with this thread. I am of the exact same opinion, all three of these methods are necessary to growth, but most people simply pick one of them and attack the other as ridiculous pipedreams or centralized services when they are not. That is the problem.
I am by no means an expert on the level of having contributed code, or poked through the majority of the existing code, but there are waaaaay too many people who don't understand even the most basic technical facts about Bitcoin, and they are learning them incorrectly through the process of this debate. That is very, very, very dangerous. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:44:09
You are now my friend for not ignoring one of the most important things on the network: miner incentives. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:06:33
I will watch when I have the time, but frankly, I feel vigilance at this point is more important.  There is Gavin outright LYING about a variable in the source code. I don't think things like this should go by without getting called out. If people aren't here reading and contributing, they won't be called out. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:32:48
Not devs, users supporting them. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:12:17
I meant as in I have been following bitcoin a lot longer than I have been holding coins. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:15:01
Thank you. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:08:11
I actually think it would be easier and simpler to just use businesses themselves as hubs. You open a channel with a business, you can pay all their customers, and customers of businesses they have channels open with, and so on so forth with very minimal hops across payment channels. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 07:12:16
Banks trust companies they can sue and actually get money from as opposed to jokers they can sue and get nothing from. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:03:06
I have, but stay here as well because alot of people haven't. (For the record, I'm still against that other thing.
@_date: 2015-09-14 20:46:52
......no. Just no. The Federal Reserve is just a private bank, the Federal in its name is just a misnomer. It is a totally independent group, and aside from periodic appointments to their board by the President, the Federal Government has absolutely zero authority over them. As well the Government, the Military, and Wall Street/SEC are all independent groups. Things are not always as black and white as that. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:04:14
I'm assuming he meant you can voice your opinion, or leave and go elsewhere if you feel its not being heard. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:20:23
I mean rational in the sense he doesn't see scalability as a one or the other binary problem, he appreciates that both will be needed. I don't want to get into the semantics of altcoin or not, I agree with you, but I see a sound mind beyond that comment XT support aside. 
@_date: 2015-09-10 02:25:40
They only need to use BTC as transaction fees to move tokens on the network, so that would actually be insanely cheap. Honestly though, I'm psyched to see this happening. One of the best ways in my mind to guarantee a solid amount of transactions that need to pay fees and need to use the main chain, not side channels, is stocks and bonds and such being put on the blockchain. Those aren't interchangeable amounts that can be exchanged channel to channel as fungible, so they have to use the main chain. 
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:03:05
This test wasn't just spamming small txs, it was spread out and doing the opposite, trying to draw a bunch of tiny inputs into a single output. This occured in a fundamentally different way and had many fundamentally different effects. If anything it also generated clear data to show another set of downsides to trying to do on-chain micropayments. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 19:23:20
Semantically, we'll have to see how that plays out in the long run economically. I don't think so personally though. The bitcoin network actually doesn't know what a bitcoin is, it counts everything in satoshis(the smallest unit, theres 1,000,000 in one bitcoin). 
A company has a certain market value, when it issues more stocks it makes those stocks worth less. It inflates them. The only reason to add more subdivisions to bitcoin would be if it has increased so much in value, that the smallest unit is no longer small enough to transact exact values. So unlike a company, which is taking the same value and issuing more things backed by it, that would be done in bitcoin to something that has become much more valuable, and adding more units to a greater value, not the same value as before. Understand?
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:44:11
Actually yes there is, its just looking at things only from the point of view of miners. If the price doesn't double at block halving, then they're pretty much all collectively forced to operate with less than half of their previous operating budget. Last time there wasn't a bunch of established multi-million dollar companies mining, or a mature ASIC market dependent on those companies and individuals mining. Can you imagine what is going to happen to mining when small home miners like me finally get pushed out? 
A big chunk of the market consuming ASICs disappears, the companies making them still have the same margins and costs, prices have to go up, things get more expensive for big farms and companies to maintain, that affects those companies margins and costs, etc. Mining is still by no means an established ecosystem yet, and is very fragile. Honestly as much as I hate POS(As far as centralizing the network nefariously, whats harder: stealing someone's gigantic data center filled with ASICs to get the block reward and control, or hacking someone's computer and stealing their keys? I personally haven't seen any POS system that doesn't require the wallet to be connected to the network) if there was any reason to try a contentious fork or write code for it, it would be to prepare for a POS shift, not the blocksize limit. I want POW to succeed because I think it requires legitimate market actions to monopolize, as opposed to being simply hackable. I think its much more secure, and the more uses we find for the blockchain(Namecoin, Counterparty, manager of storage indexes for p2p storage, whatever you want) the more efficient POW becomes. But its still insanely unstable, and should be the biggest consideration moving forward.
