@_author: dumpsterpuppet
@_date: 2012-12-06 05:42:03
Best novelty account ever!
@_date: 2012-11-29 14:16:19
Well, perhaps it *is* just a tipping service, as you suggest, in which case "learn algorithmic trading" is very misleading.
If you're running a service that gives trading advice, you could potentially game your own "customers" quite easily (especially if the advice is not accompanied by any kind of analysis that the customers can judge independently).
Honestly, this whole thing has a bad smell.
OP, please enlighten us.
@_date: 2012-11-14 22:10:58


Money isn't a weapon, so that idea doesn't really follow.
Better idea: I looked this up recently, and Belize only has like 300,000 people. Probably rich people could negotiate with their government (AFAIK it's a democracy) to institute a laissez-faire system in return for paying every adult individual a large sum (e.g., USD 1 million). If you think about it, it's almost surprizing this hasn't happened... there are lots of individuals in the US who could easily afford it. And I'm sure there are lots of other decent candidate countries besides Belize.
@_date: 2012-11-20 03:37:52
If more people considered him to be important, it would become widely known that he just plagarized all his ideas from Ayn Rand and then bastardized them.
@_date: 2012-12-07 04:50:56
*Well giving dishonest information to attract investors qualify as fraud*
Let's say there's some hot new stock, XYZ. I tell you, "I'm really bullish about XYZ. If you look at the price to earnings ratio, it's really good. They are selling widgets, which is clearly an expanding market. Obviously, investing in XYZ is a great money-making opportunity."
Now, say XYZ ends up having been way overvalued, and it crashes (i.e., it was in a bubble).
Did I commit fraud? I would say no, because you were completely free to independently evaluate each of the facts that I told you.
(a) DumpsterPuppet claims to be really bullish about XYZ. Should I care? How reputable is he? Do I, or should I, trust him?
(b) Good price to earnings ratio. What is the ratio? Is it actually good, or not? How much does that matter? Are there other indicators that suggest otherwise?
(c) Widgets are an expanding market. Is that true? How much can they be expected to expand? Could their be a contraction in the market for widgets? Are there likely to be other competitors that enter into the market and can undersell XYZ?
Again, I've given you information about XYZ; you can (and should) be skeptical of that, and you're free to research the facts. Anything *anybody* says should be taken as opinion. You can choose to agree with my opinion or not. But I haven't committed fraud.
Fraud occurs when someone makes a *credible* statement under a relationship of *trust*. (That's not a full definition, but it would be part of what goes into a definition.) For example, if I have a company and *only I* have access to the company's books, and I tell a potential investor that the earnings are such-and-such when they're not, that is fraud. The point is that the investor could not have known other than what I said, and I am claiming to be honest. And I'm speaking of something objective, not giving a prediction for the future. It's not some random investor who can reasonably be assumed to be a shill who is just expressing an opinion or an analysis.
Predicting something that nobody *actually* knows, such as the future value of bitcoin (or a stock), can never be called fraud, because everybody knows that nobody knows the future.
By the way, yes, I think the scheme you are talking about is very similar to a Ponzi scheme, but it's not actually a Ponzi scheme. Charles Ponzi and Bernie Madoff carried out Ponzi schemes. This is a different scheme, so it would need a new name, and can at best be called "Ponzi-like" in the absense of a new name for it. (Probably there *is* a name for it, can't be a new idea.)
@_date: 2012-11-20 19:55:37
Well, I gave the response your comment deserved.
@_date: 2012-12-06 05:44:40
AFAIK, low-level Wikipedia editorial policy (such as how to describe Bitcoin) is utterly independent from the administrative group that handles things like accepting donations for Wikipedia.
@_date: 2012-12-06 23:54:36
No. A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent financial scheme in which earlier investors are paid using the money provided by later investors.
That is a proper definition. Any proper definition has both a genus (the class of things to which the concept belongs), and a differentia (something that makes it completely unique in that class.)
So the genus of a Ponzi scheme is: fraudulent financial scheme.
The differentia is: in which earlier investors are paid using the money provided by later investors
Hopefully you find this helpful, since I thought from your first sentence that perhaps you think that definitions are not in terms of essentials and are not objective, but are based on "characteristics."
Krugman is a thoroughly dishonest person. He would probably be delighted to know that he has confused someone like yourself who is (presumably) interested in freedom and the truth. Krugman loves to slander the market and call for more controls by regulators; that's why he likens the market to a fraudulent scheme, when the truth couldn't be further away.
@_date: 2012-11-29 09:45:59
I'm not really clear on what's going on.
First, can you be more specific on what you mean by "algorithmic trading"? That makes me think of high-frequency trading, but I am getting the sense that you are doing something more like "predicting where the market will go in the next X time units." If that's the case, can you state what X is?
Second, if this is so lucrative (as you said in the post you linked to), why are you trying to teach others about it? Can't you make more money focusing on doing this trading yourself, not on teaching others how to do it?
@_date: 2012-12-06 05:38:16
Hear, hear!
@_date: 2012-12-06 05:45:48


Agreed, but the fact that Wikipedia won't accept bitcoin donations *does* affect my decision to donate. I have donated USD in the past, but I will not donate for now until I at least have the option to use bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-11-12 16:27:06
Really disappointing to see such a heroic person associating himself with anarchism.
We need a rights-respecting government to enforce the non-aggression principle. Otherwise, you have rule by violent gangs, i.e., anarchism, in which aggression is the norm.
In fact, we currently live under anarchism. The gang calling itself the "federal government" has managed to gain the most popular support and violently supress all other gangs. (Of course, that's the way it should be... it's just that the federal government should not otherwise violate rights.)
@_date: 2012-11-20 07:23:00
@_date: 2012-12-07 00:55:37


It's not a bit of a stretch; it's *incorrect*.
I don't think it's fraudulent to speculate when you think you're speculating in a bubble. It's just speculation.
I don't think it's fraudulent to hype up a bubble intentionally, either, though it *is* dishonest. But we would need a good definition of fraud, which I can't be bothered to come up with at the moment.


I don't really understand the phenomenon you're trying to describe.


He never acts like he's really serious. That's one trick he uses to get away with confusing people.
@_date: 2012-11-20 05:11:17
That's where the bastardization comes in. At least, a major part of it.
Anyway, that's not a valid *basis* for any philosophy. It could be the endpoint of a flawed system, but a *basis* of anarchism is ridiculous.
By the way, we have already tried anarchism. The gang called US Government won, because most people (rightly) felt it was in their best interest to supported them.
@_date: 2012-12-06 05:42:16


It's not like something can be more or less a Ponzi scheme. Something either is a Ponzi scheme, 100%, or it isn't at all. What a Ponzi scheme is, is very well-defined.