@_author: dunash
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:31:35
I guess in some ways that's likely; if one student knows of a small Christian school across the country, it's likely they are in/of a community where more than one student knows of it.  Conversely, it's likely to get overshadowed in a city of 8 million, and with "suburbs," 20 million.
Also, I was going to point out the 48% (4 year) grad rate, but I didn't because in all honesty, I have (had) no idea what that meant relative to US schools as whole or relative to the caliber of matriculating freshmen.  This site supposedly does:
I'm really not here to crap on anyone's degree or choices, just to frame how "historic" this is.  It was to point out the likelihood of meeting a graduate or even attendee. 
If I had to guess - total speculation - either a school rep or Bitcoin Center rep approached the other with the Bitcoin Center indemnifying the school for fluctuations relative to tuition (no Manhattan real estate/facilities cost is cheap), and with only 500 enrolled students, it would be more amazing to see even one student pay that way.  Press release for both, legitimacy for the Bitcoin Center, etc.
Basing this on nothing but proximity and the need for publicity for both* - hell, it's happenstance that I'm even in this subreddit, maybe more so that I walked by the Bitcoin center ("oh, look at that! I had no idea") on the way to dinner this past Sunday.
Now, if this had happened at NYU, Fordham, or even Columbia (what I think of when I hear King's College), the link would be to an AP story - and that would be historic, especially since 
1) larger student body 
2) more diverse body, ideologically, 
3) Math/CS/Phil/Econ departments, 
meaning someone will do it 
1) just to do it, or 
2) to demonstrate economic or political belief
3) or in terms of entrepreneurial self promotion/individual SEO
so that's why I see this (and especially in press release form) as more puffery than historic or enlightened or "good" for education, as others have suggested, perhaps not understanding the context by being familiar with the school (and Bitcoin center, again my speculation).
*again, I'm not the arbiter for truth and reality, but I'm more likely than most to be familiar with NYC colleges (and properly MSA accredited ones at that, and even moreso, religious ones, actually) and while I'm not involved in Bitcoin per se, I do know what CPU, GPGPU, FPGA, and ASIC stand for, and more importantly, mean relative to heat, flexibility, and complexity of code execution; I do understand in broad terms the model for cryptocurrency; my dad and brother work in finance just three blocks away; I used to live a few blocks east... I'm saying if anything, I'm biased to knowing about both institutions than not, so for what it's worth, I only found out about the existence of either just this week.  Total FWIW.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:25:57
Native (multi generation) NYer, Manhattanite even, most of my family earned degrees in this state if not the city (from small private, to public, to NYU, and Columbia) and I gotta tell you, I've never heard of this place.
It's so irrelevant (in the sense that this is historic)
doesn't even list it, and lest you think this is some bias on my part, I've heard of (or know) at least a good 70% of that *state*wide list, down to Marymount Manhattan, Boricua, and MCNY, the lowest listed in NYC -- and this place is less than 10 miles from me.  Hell, I walked right by it the other day according to Google Maps.
Now I note that it's Middle States accredited (as of 2009), so absolutely a legit degree (with whatever reputation), but TBH, when I first saw this, I clicked through because I thought "huh, that is a *very* archaic way of referring to Columbia (University)."*
Just trying to put this in context.
*and more technically, the core College:
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:35:46
Also, and yes, replying to myself, they are literally across the street from the Bitcoin Center NYC, so I would definitely suspect that there is some shared and planned publicity interest:
