@_author: dustinrene
@_date: 2018-08-01 19:01:52
 With the coming quantum technologies, the current market must experience many changes. To be more exact, many coins will leave the market, as there will simply be no demand for them, due to the same technological superiority.  I hasten to remind you of revolutionary projects like [Kelvin Blockchain]( After all, its uniqueness lies in quantum computing! And this is an innovation! 
@_date: 2018-07-31 20:39:56
I see this situation in this way, now there are a lot of projects, and all of them are aimed at improving services, it's cool, but it seems to me that everyone has forgotten about the security of our data, but the block is well protected, but now. I read an article about quantum processors, they are already talking about the possibility of hacking, and what will happen after they become public, and the technology will improve. I began to look, and found an interesting project that is immediately ready to solve the problem of not only quantum protection, but also improve the speed of the entire system as a whole.  With the coming quantum technologies, the current market must experience many changes. To be more exact, many coins will leave the market, as there will simply be no demand for them, due to the same technological superiority. You should find a trustworthy ICO project. However, it is quite a complicated topic, cause among all of the existing projects there are a lot of ones that should not be trusted at all. I am working in this field for a while now, and, sometimes I had a really bad experience with some platforms. However, I have found a really safe application. It is called [Kelvin Blockchain. ](
@_date: 2018-07-24 10:54:22
Without certain experience, Trading and Hodling are risky. The most acceptable method of investing at the moment is ICO. For a more successful contribution, you need to carefully analyze the project. Identify is necessary for the market side. For example, the [Kelvin Blockchain]( project has an innovative method of encryption, transmission, storage, and security. All this is based on quantum computing. Thus becoming in demand in the future.   With the coming quantum technologies, the current market must experience many changes. To be more exact, many coins will leave the market, as there will simply be no demand for them, due to the same technological superiority. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 20:20:06
With the coming quantum technologies, the current market must experience many changes. To be more exact, many coins will leave the market, as there will simply be no demand for them, due to the same technological superiority.   Without certain experience, Trading and Hodling are risky. The most acceptable method of investing at the moment is ICO. For a more successful contribution, you need to carefully analyze the project. Identify is necessary for the market side. For example, the [Kelvin Blockchain]( project has an innovative method of encryption, transmission, storage, and security. All this is based on quantum computing. Thus becoming in demand in the future. 