@_author: dustinwheel
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:45:48
hmm,  help me understand, how can small trades exaggerate the market cap?
I totally agree I cashed out into bitcoin and I saved myself .5 cents per. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 19:36:21
interesting, I didn't realize that would affect market cap so significantly but it makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2014-01-24 19:24:57
Crypto needs a friendly interface for newcomers. Most of the interfaces I see are very 90's. 
We need something twitter/instagram easy. It needs profile photos and a newsfeed. Ability to follow people. 
That will help the average joe try it out. Maybe even have it host its own currency, sign up and get a few thousand to tip people get them started without a credit/debit deposit and get comfortable enough to go forward. 
Maybe make that how the coin is mined, sign ups. Does that sound crazy?
@_date: 2014-01-25 06:41:16
excellent point. I was thinking of a coin like nxt, ripple, or upcoming emunie. Next generation coins. Those coins are 100% premine and are labeled as scamcoins because the premine was passed out to a few people who are all in a position to get rich in a hurry. 
I think having the premine, but having it publicly and evenly distributed to newcomers would avoid that dark suspicion about nxt, ripple, emunie. 
A social network with a friendly image would take things out of the dark a little. And giving coin away without any risk to new user will build on crypto curiosity and add incentive, the mothers of all momentum.
Added incentive could be a reward to all members when a new member signs up. A nominal amount, but enough to keep people active and checking the site for news and new balances. Mining is essentially the same thing, people do invest in power and hardware, but they get coins free. 
The proof of stake allows transactions to be instant as I understand it. This is a video explaining the virtues of nxt. Which are all great, but nxt has that seedy image of people who will cash out if they are millionaires overnight.  
And next has gone from over 100 mil market cap to hovering in high 60 mil range in a few days. 40 million loss in a few days, those people are dumping.
I know of the growing trust in bitcoin, i.e. exceptance by an nba team, casinos, overstock, tiger direct, but the speeds are too slow and noone will count out 10 decimals to buy a burger. Waiting even 30 seconds for a transaction to pass with a scrypt is too long. I think bitstamp will be looked at as an unnecessary expense if a coin could be traded instantly. Economic forces would drive it and others of the like to obsolescence. 
I know i just wrote a book, but ive been thinking a lot about it recently and no one i know is interested in talking about it. So thanks for reading if you made it this far! message me if you want to chat more.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:10:08
Ripple has the second largest market cap at $1.88 billion. The bottom line is they are dressing up a scamcoin very pretty.
There are 100 billion of them premined. I had 1300 of them I got via cash deposit for snapswap at a wells fargo. Snapswap is a third party intermediary like coinbase. 
Currently you cannot purchase xrp directly from ripple, but once snap swap deposited my xrp into my ripple account I was able to trade it from within their wallet for btc, usd, or keep it. You see it's premined and the people who started it hold virtually all of it right now and are selling it off to people like me and the others who have put a total of 1.88 billion into it. There is another way to get it, but it's not worth it, I explain below. 
Anyway, you can certainly make or lose money on it, it was going for in the low 30,000s per btc and now its going for mid 40,000s per btc. So the price has come down from about 2.5 cents to under 2 cents, but it could go up. The exchange they have within the wallet has really low volume though and i'm not sure which exchanges it's on.
One thing that's cool about them is that getting free xrp is not done through mining it's done by volunteering computing power for research projects. So you download a client and research facilities will connect to you so you can help them process calculations. I was helping some study of saturn by someone at Berkeley I think. So in a way you are working for them and they pay you in xrp. 
I stopped using it bc the client would switch on without my permission. There is a way to stop it, which I did and it came back on anyway. It made my computer work really hard and heat up. The amount you get for stressing your hardware won't pay to replace the hardware so it's not worth it. I'd like to help research projects but I'd also not like to ruin my computer. They give the equivalent of like 30 cents of xrp for six hours of your fan running.
So it's a centralized currency controlled by a few ivy league types who are selling it off to new comers as they join. I read a headline that a founder gave away $500,000 worth of it to a charity. I don't think that guy exchanged $500,000 for xrp and donated it. I think he has a massive amount of it that has gone up in price. If he's willing to give away 500k imagine what his stake is worth.
They use different language like iou, and they call it a safe haven that you can exchange into that is somehow not affected by market prices? Such a thing doesn't exist. All currency is essentially iou. I'll give you this what would otherwise be a worthless piece of paper bc it's an iou you can use anywhere it's excepted for goods and services. Total sham convoluted to hide the truth.
I still think the most fair way to do it, and possibly the way that will be accepted by a community, is to simply give it away to new comers and have system where people who are in first are only given the same amount as anyone else who comes. The rest is waiting in a public reserve owned by no one, kind of like btc but without the need to mine to get it and proof of stake/instant transaction times.
What do you think?
