@_author: dyingwish
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:53:57
You're right, it isn't user friendly and it frankly sucks.
The issue is the tension between the wild west aspect of Bitcoin and businesses trying to legitimize the market in the face of fears over money laundering, black market transactions, and tax evasion.
The easiest way to get Bitcoin is a person-to-person exchange of Bitcoin for cash. 
Bitcoin as a financial "culture" is still evolving, and we've moved past infancy and it is now in the toddler stage.
You're not wrong that is is obnoxious, but what we hope to see in the long term is your local bank with which you have an account already, able to exchange cash for Bitcoins.
There are also ATMs out there but I have never used one.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:22:06
Also, I think a lot of what I'm reading about this current run is wrong.  
Specific technological stuff which we've recently been through is secondary: what is primary is that the soft fork *succeeded.*  The currency maintained resilience even through this change, with significant but manageable turbulence.
What I think we're seeing here is skeptics being peeled off and into "maybe this thing actually has legs."  In a sense, everything which happened with segwit probably served Bitcoin well: you can change things, and keep the currency afloat.
There are a lot of people commenting on this as if it's in its infancy; it isn't.  Bitcoin is a toddler now.  The amount of computing years we've been through is substantial, even if the number of human years isn't.  
The story isn't "Bitcoin hasn't proven itself."  The story is, "It is surprising that Bitcoin hasn't collapsed, even through events like this and the Mt. Gox fiasco have taken place." 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:29:27
It will correct to about $3150 is my prediction.  It will stay there for about 8-10 months, go up to $4800 or so, then correct back down to about $3800.
I'm, like, a financial whiz, so.  No reason to doubt anything you see here.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:23:58
Whatever the highest it has been until now.  I think we're going to take a six month breather or so hovering between $3600 and $4200 before the next spike.
Seriously trust me I'm a redditor and I know.
@_date: 2017-09-05 21:29:29
Bitcoin, because that is what I am heaviest in.
hurryupgo :D
@_date: 2017-09-02 09:51:35
Too early to tell; this could be a fart.
But perhaps!  I am guessing 3600 if it is indeed the pullback.
@_date: 2017-10-15 09:21:00
It will drop to 4400 and stay there within about six days.  I do not know what will cause it, but within six days.  4400.
I use the Celtic Cross spread with the Golden Dawn deck.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:07:31
I will absolutely 100% without any regard for your opinion or others express my concerns about Bitcoin investing to others, and will do so with whatever frequency and using whichever words I wish.
@_date: 2017-09-04 04:42:14
I cannot envision this.  I cannot envision this because after decades of hoping otherwise, I have concluded that there will always be a state (and with it state fiat currency), because, when it comes right down to it, most people want a state, and they want the state to be a paternal figure.  They want this not because they are stupid or craven (some are, of course), but because they see the world differently and have different priorities, especially as they age. 
I don't see a day in which anti-propertarian anarchists or the property rights "anarchists" ever achieve anything close to the society they want.
* I do not see the state "withering away" of the state ala Marx through workers somehow (less imaginable now that any point in the history of Marxism, frankly) seizing the means of production.  
* I do not see the state being violently destroyed or dying through irrelevance, as you find on the libertarian right, and in the latter case agorists in particular.
It is not about how I feel about either of these philosophies that matters here.    I have mixed opinions on all of them and have been reluctantly, for much of my life, mostly on the propertarian right side.  Not an AnCap necessarily but in that general region of the spectrum.  I provide this just as a bare fact, however you may feel about it.
It is that I believe all of these alternatives to be an impossibility given what I know about human beings, at least in this period of history.
I think there will be taxes, and I think we as consumers will pay those taxes.
I think people will continue to demand a taxpayer-funded safety net and will not see private insurance options as an equivalent alternative. 
These taxes will fund the things you mention too.
I really just see this as reality at this point.  I am willing to accept that and maximize my results through both conservatism and risk given that context.
My assumptions about the future of civilization, regardless of what I want specifically, is social democracy mixed with naked capitalism.  Not all that different from now.  More of the same.  I realized this year just how much like Hotel California everyone with big ideas sounds.  Very Layla.  Very Stairway to Heaven.  Very Steve Millers Greatest Hits.  
@_date: 2017-10-23 09:33:22
Well, you know if I shut up because someone told me to the Internet, that'd make me a bitch, right?
Given that it's a no-win situation, I'll go with prick.
Because if there is one thing that remains true as a constant, it is that I can live effortlessly without the approval of you, or, in essence, anyone else.  Like, no problem.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:47:45
I am more than willing to leave it here and let people make up their own minds.
But you will be hearing from me again.
@_date: 2017-10-13 09:41:45
You need to strut.
I mean like [George Jefferson]( strut.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:37:56
I do think it'll get there eventually, just not by January.  I put $10k maybe 18 months to two years out.
You can bank on that because dig me, I rule.
If there was a mirror here, I'd look at myself in it just to see the inspirational spectacle of me being right.
@_date: 2017-09-04 05:19:53
I remain skeptical that governments cannot push Bitcoin to the fringes by outlawing its use entirely, leaving merely a black market.
Hence non-compliance is not something I think likely or possible.
I may feel differently in ten years.
@_date: 2017-09-01 23:23:53
I think it is highly unlikely.  Crash will take it to about $3600.
I pulled that out of my ass.
It is as good as anyone's guess.
I'm not kidding though.  I think $3600 will be the crash floor.
If it crashes at all.
I think there are people perched, just waiting for a drop to snarf some more Bitcoin.  
I'm banking on the bubble bursting, a sudden decline, then a sudden buying frenzy for those who are speculating over the long term - like years.
I really don't see Bitcoin at this stage in its history as something people are going to universally panic sell.  I think the people who do will simply lower the price for those waiting to buy in more.  And I think that is true for at least the next 5 years, if not 10.
Drop that shit under $3k (in particular) and I'm going to scare up some cash to buy more, I'll tell you that much.  
@_date: 2017-09-02 02:56:59
A bold prediction (not that the bubble will burst, but that you think it will happen in that time frame).  On the edge of my seat to see if you're right.
What do you think the floor is?
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:26:22


I think you're trying to tell "most readers" what "emotions" drive me, because you have a vested interested in people like me not throwing doubt into your personal investment choices is what I think.


In my experience, people who say "shhh don't listen to the guy who suggests it might be wise to be cautious about this thing I insist is a good risk-free investment" tend to also have personal motives they don't like to talk about.
You're a riot, dude.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:22:26


You have just given me more motivation to express my fears.  And I will do so.  At length, regularly, and without regard for your annoyance with them.
@_date: 2017-09-05 20:50:17
No one knows what the fuck is going to happen with Bitcoin. 
You ever see that disclaimer that past performance is no guarantee of future performance?
That comes into play, too.
You should not spend what you can't stand to lose.
Also, fortune favors the bold, so people who went all in, if they're right about Bitcoin, they're going to be super rich.
Pick one :)  As a small-timer, one thing I am not, is jealous of people who are already rich on Bitcoin.  They took the risk, they probably went through a lot of stress and worry, and they have reaped what they richly deserve.
I will say for me, this has been the single kicker so far: my main concern was attacks on the blockchain itself.   There is *so much incentive* to subvert Bitcoin for financial gain, that the fact that it has lasted this long, has made me a lot more sanguine about the currency generally.
But you're asking advice here from people who are not what you call neutral observers.  I am pretty sure that the financial writers in mainstream press aren't neutral either.
Go with your gut.  You can intellectualize this all you want, but past performance (there is much to celebrate about past performance) can end at any time.
You will find people who think Bitcoin is already a giant bubble and is going to crash seriously, and talk of tulips and shit.
You will find people who think Bitcoin will be worth over $100k eventually.
We are in uncharted waters, and a lot of it has to do with whether you think Bitcoin represents a completely new paradigm, or whether it's just another instance of an old one.
As someone holding, I want people to go on a buying frenzy to drive the price up.
My sincere advice to you is to invest all of the money you can into it, immediately and without hesitation.  :D
@_date: 2017-10-08 07:18:36
Sit and wait. 
Just wait.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:20:37
First of all, I swear if I could extinguish the use of one term on the Internet, is the abused FUD.
FUD is a marketing term.  FUD is used by one company to specifically dissuade people from buying an opposing product.  It is not "caution."  Nor is it even bullshit fear dreamt up just for funsies.  it is specifically targeted to stop people buying from a competitor, and as I am not a competitor to Bitcoin, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.  I hold Bitcoin and will continue to.


Oh for fuck's sake - to what end? 
I swear, the Bitcoin cultists are conspiracy theorists: you can't possibly express skepticism about this thing without some ulterior motive.


The blockchain could live on forever, but all it would take it shuttering exchanges - not even preventing transactions in Bitcoin, but shuttering exchanges - to crash the price of it.  This is not what a lot of people say they want (people coming in here saying they want people to spend it as a medium of exchange is not uncommon), but that it is how it is working out.
You *might be right*.  We don't know that yet.  It is still too early to tell.
And that is one of the risks.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:29:41
I am saying when people tell you to shut you up about the risks of an investment, or someone tells you to ignore someone who is pointing out the risk of an investment, it is pretty obvious what you should do.
@_date: 2017-10-23 08:51:46
I apologize if I misread you.  I have other people insinuating that either:
(a) I think of myself as some sort of expert, or am trying to pretend to be one, whereas my caution is precisely because I'm not, or
(b) That I have some ulterior motive for urging caution, like I stand to benefit if Bitcoin fails or whatever.
More than once my call for caution has been translated as "spreading fear," which irks me, because that is not what I'm doing.
No matter what the investment or who is offering it, there is no such thing as a sure thing, and with Bitcoin, there are still long term unknown unknowns.  It is not an investment like municipal bonds or something, where the risks are fairly well understood.  (And I make the very firm distinction here not about which is riskier, but which *risks are known*.  This is a different concern.  I don't disagree that so far the blockchain has probably worked better than most people expected when someone first proposed it - perhaps dramatically so.)
That was my only point.
It is not about what we do know that I have concerns with, but what we don't.
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:58:09
No one knows what it is going to happen to Bitcoin.  It is amazing the number of people who claim to.
Anything could happen.  It could become worthless if governments crack down on exchanges and stomp hard enough on it in concert.
Or, it could skyrocket and people could get rich.  We could be seeing the birth of a whole new paradigm!
Isn't it exciting?  Isn't that frisson of risk and possible payoff kind of a rush?  You could be *completely ruined* in five years, or living in the house of your dreams.  Or maybe neither!
Isn't it even more of a rush if you're heavy in it?  If you're *ALL IN*?
I kid.
I kid.
Sort of.
Not really.
$6033.04 right now folks.
@_date: 2017-10-23 07:16:23
No, they are absolutely based in reality, and in actual results over a much longer time than Bitcoin has been in existence.
You didn't "call me out" on anything.  You said - your words, specifically:


I will not stop and people should have those fears.  Claiming Bitcoin is a safe investment is an opinion, and a reckless one.  All investment involves risk, and Bitcoin's long term risk is unknown.  And I will keep saying that over and over until I'm blue in the face.
That doesn't mean don't invest in Bitcoin: I do.  It does mean putting all your eggs in one basket because you think Bitcoin is a stable investment is a *high risk proposition.*
Because it is.   Because long-term risks are unknown.
@_date: 2017-10-23 08:24:31
If I had kept the Bitcoin I invested in 2011...I'd not even be online now.  I'd be on the French Riviera somewhere.
People are trying to paint me like I'm anti-Bitcoin.  I'm not.  I just don't believe in sure things.  
I am putting money down and taking that risk, but it is not the only place I am storing my money.
How I would kick myself if I didn't at least take some risk, and this thing blew up.  For a guy who has been online and a cyberevangelist since 1984, that would be...embarrassing.
@_date: 2017-10-23 06:58:16
States.  I have read people trying to minimize the risk of governments refusing to surrender their monopoly on currency and I remain unconvinced.  It is not even that I think a situation would arise where all governments suddenly agreed to shutter exchanges (there would always be Cayman-like outliers) all at once, but that enough governments are concerned with this that they could potentially lean on those outliers to force them to do the same.
I do agree with you - with some reservations but generally - that the length of time Bitcoin has existed without being obliterated in the black hat sense, is encouraging.  This is a long time in computer time, if only a short time in human time.   Many of the critics of Bitcoin from outside the community - I mean people who don't really understand it very well - don't grasp this. (There are people who do understand it and still think it's a house of cards of course).
The real "book and documentary" here in 20 years is whether or not:
(a) You can in fact hide secrets from the future with math with sufficiently strong math and/or a path to fortify your shit as computers become faster.
(b) That some anonymous guy, and then a bunch of computer people could somehow up-end a few centuries of convention when it comes to currency over the cat pictures computer dingus network thing we call the Internet.
(c) Empires will let you get away with it or - more excitingly - be powerless to stop you.
I still don't think we fully understand supply and demand of this currency, and while there are known unknowns (something like MtGox shitting the bed), it is mostly unknown unknowns that worry me: things we haven't even thought of that could tank this.
Someone the other day, during one of the regular drops, posted something like, "Panicked Bitcoin investors: ZOOM OUT."  I found this funny, but there is something to be said for it.  And while past performance isn't any indication of future returns, I have to say I remain cautiously bullish.
**I think what really freaks people out isn't the risk, but that the level of risk over the long term is currently unknown.**
I for one am unemotional about dropping money into a market-tracking ETF or index fund, but any money I've put into Bitcoin has involved some stress.
As to the OP's point, this should probably not be your only investment.
The people who are going all-in and risking everything on this will be roundly derided, mocked, and cautioned.
They may well lose it all.
They may well be multimillionaires in a few years too.
It's sort of like the guys who blow off college to put all their effort into their rock band.  Everyone always tells them they're not going to make it, that the odds are against them and that it's childishly foolish.
I wonder what the guys in Metallica make of this presently.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:13:05
I don't know anything about Electrum.  In theory if you pull in the **same key** to some other client (although in cases I am aware of, they aren't always in a compatible format), it should.
@_date: 2017-07-28 17:02:14
You probably know this already, but things have become unstuck for you, happy to report.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:38:53
It sounds like .dat is associated with VLC as a file extension, but that doesn't mean anything, unless there is something called a "VLC file" that I don't understand.
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:28:33
Yeah.  Things are a little constipated right now with Coinbase, as you indicate you've read.
You could type the portion you pasted into blockchain.info (your mobile wallet address) and see what's happening with it.
?bt= is not part of the address, as indicated.
@_date: 2017-07-31 23:48:22
I am running core 0.14.2; my understanding was that this stuff was already built into it, and I have been wondering what was supposed to happen today.
Is it necessary to download this one with the -usafsegwit1.0 and upgrade from the plain 0.14.2 to proceed normally?  Confusing just because except for that -usafsegwit1.0 the version is the same.
*Well as of  this time I have two conflicting answers.  Any comments?*