@_author: dynamicdk
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:34:29
In order to send half a trillion dollars worth of purchasing power, one must first buy Bitcoin at such a rate that the market cap rises to support that kind of purchasing power.
Aka, drop 500 billion into buying Bitcoin (with each purchase increasing the marginal cost of the next Bitcoin) and then send all the coins.
@_date: 2014-05-22 02:58:29
That would rise automatically as the use went up.  The market cap would increase to match the added volume.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:08:51
Well, lets not go too far!  At the very least, Ethereum will be a learning experience for the community, and will provide a lot of test data for future projects.
Kanyecoin only proved two things: 
1.  Kanye is crazy enough to threaten to sue the developers of a decentralized currency.
2.  Way, way, way too many altcoins were being produced.
@_date: 2014-12-07 19:44:32
Maybe that should be reworded.  We were very supportive of GAW when they first started selling Scrypt ASICs, as we ordered some of their machines, received them quickly, and they worked flawlessly.  That is what lead to our first interview with Josh.
Since the release of their hashlets, we haven't been sure what to make of GAW.  Their early success with ASICs gave them legitimacy in our eyes, but what they are doing now isn't clear.  Instead of trying to give blanket support, or going the opposite direction and condemning them without any solid proof of wrongdoing, this seemed like a better approach.  Interview Josh, post the results of the interview, and ask for proof from GAW that they are legitimately mining on a large scale, while also asking the community to send us any information or questions they have.
If we get any REAL evidence in either direction, we will publish that.  Until then, we are staying neutral.
@_date: 2014-12-31 20:16:00
Adoption and acceptance are up.  The number of transactions per day is higher than ever.  The processing power of the network is way, way up (actually, if every computer, without a SHA-256 ASIC, in the world, including supercomputers, were mining together in one pool, they still would not match the hashrate of the current network).  Innovation is exploding, with lots of new systems being developed.
Realistically, the exchange rate is the only thing that is down...and that was artificially inflated by Mt. Gox last year.  Speculation has held it up since then, but the selling pressure from merchant adoption is growing, and will keep pushing it down until it either hits some sort of equilibrium, or there is some breakthrough to bring it up.  Getting some full supply chains to accept BTC(from manufacturing to distribution to retail) would allow those companies to keep BTC, without exchanging it for USD, with less risk.  Side chains could help as well, as they would create a lot of new uses for BTC.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:20:44
Math is dangerous!  We need to regulate math so that only those with enough funds to handle the red tape can have access to math...you know, to protect the people!  Unregulated math could lead to all sorts of unexpected consequences.
Don't even get me started on reading...
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:17:35
They do also have SHA-256 mining machines.  Scrypt mining ASICs are just growing quickly right now, and it seems they carved out their niche there.
@_date: 2014-11-18 03:59:22
Maybe so, but everything has value.  Use a blockchain system for stock in a company, and each "share", "coin", or "token" in that system is tied to the value of the company.  Rather than using a PoW type system, it could easily use a PoS style system (PoSV, Reddcoin style, would make sense, as it eliminates the issue of people only turning on their wallet once every few months and staking everything instantly).
Basically, would cause a constant, but equal, stock dilution system.  The fact that the total number is inflating would mean nothing, as 2000 shares out of 2,000,000 total is the same as 1000 out of 1,000,000 total if the entire pool of shares = the total ownership of the company (or even a set % of the company).  The incentive to run a wallet, at least part of the time, in order to secure the network is to maintain your ownership percentage.
That is only one example, but shows how it can be used for a system that isn't exactly a currency.
@_date: 2014-10-16 15:16:57
I would assume that incognito mode could help as well, if one wanted to do it online (though, it would not be as safe as doing it offline).
@_date: 2014-12-11 01:43:44
Yep.  BCI would be best.  I understand why the owners chose blockchain, as that really was a great name / group of domains to gather.  It is really easy to remember for people involved with Bitcoin, and just discussing Bitcoin automatically reminds people about their service.
Still, it is confusing for new users.  Hell, it seems to be confusing for some people that have actually used Bitcoin for a while.
@_date: 2014-07-30 20:09:25
The interview was released yesterday, and generated quite a bit of discussion:  
However, some people reached out to Sean, and myself, expressing interest in a transcript of the video, so here it is.  Includes embedded Youtube and Soundcloud if you would like to watch\listen along with reading.
@_date: 2014-11-18 03:12:33
Care to explain?
Bitcoin is just the tip of the iceberg.  The potential behind blockchain-based systems is limitless.
@_date: 2014-12-08 15:50:26
Our credibility is not yours to determine.  If we refused to cover a business, or post an interview, simply because of what people say about it online (with no actual proof), then THAT would be a good reason for us to lose credibility.  Not the other way around.
Show me proof of GAW's wrongdoing, and then we will address it.  Otherwise, we will remain neutral on this issue.  There is no other choice.
@_date: 2014-07-12 18:28:08
Yessir!  I see one of two things coming from this.
1 - It becomes a juggernaut, and takes over as THE online marketplace
2 - It spawns a superior system based on it's ideas, then  happens for this second system.
@_date: 2014-10-10 23:58:49
Well, you can purchase a digital copy directly from the creators of the documentary and use Bitcoin:  
(I actually made the mistake of overlooking that option when I originally wrote this article, but I was corrected by Gravitas shortly after)
@_date: 2014-07-29 19:55:53
Not true at all.  Bitcoin is a key component in this, and it wouldn't be possible without it.  Plus, a large amount of Bitcoin users are also TOR users.
You are right that this post should be in a security forum \ subreddit, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be in the Bitcoin subreddit as well.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:21:49
That is robbery!  Use Bitcoin only from now on, and you will be much happier.
@_date: 2014-05-07 03:15:10
Well, I was the same way about all of those, but that wasn't the true for most people.  I feel as excited about Ethereum as I was about Bitcoin.  However, I have been waiting on people to find ways to apply the concept Bitcoin is based on to other ideas.  
Even if it doesn't topple Bitcoin for the money transmission \ currency market, it will give developers the tools needed to easily develop systems to bring the same level of efficiency and decentralization to other markets in a way that traditional companies cannot compete with.
The rise of the DACs.
@_date: 2014-07-12 23:03:23
I will speak with Ali, and see what was meant by that. As he wrote our article on Open Bazaar as well, which clearly states that it is a P2P system, he may be able to clarify that a bit. 
Thank you for pointing that out.
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:34:26
Laws aren't always strictly enforced, but that doesn't mean they would not be used in the future.  When Bitcoin continues to grow, and banks get increasingly scared, they will use anything they can to stop it.
@_date: 2014-07-13 00:24:19
Updated to clarify.


Open Bazaar is "coming soon" but is not yet available to the general public.  BitXBay, no matter how crude, is fully functional.
Ali's statement was referring to other fully function, publicly available systems that are available.
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:40:14
Experimenting with pagination, and it seemed appropriate for the different systems.
Thank you for the feedback.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:06:15
Yeah, I have actually interviewed Josh Garza in the past, and he reached out to me recently.  I've been swamped, but will be sending him a list of questions soon.  Hopefully he will answer them.
I really hope they have not turned, as the potential they had when they started was incredible.  They were crushing everyone with their Scrypt ASIC hardware (even if it was rebranded Zeus stuff, they were the ones that were marketing it and really moving it).
@_date: 2014-10-11 00:32:24
Anyone that is actively involved in Bitcoin, other digital currencies, or related systems.  Basically, everyone that posts on Reddit, Bitcointalk, or any of the other outlets would be part of the Bitcoin (or, really, digital currency) community.
Not that being active on any of the social media channels is necessary for being part of the community, but the growth of people active on social media is a good way to judge the growth of the userbase as a whole.
@_date: 2014-05-06 07:35:46
Solving problems that most don't realize need solving is the core of innovative, disruptive technology.  
Most people that were early adopters of Bitcoin didn't even think of anything like this before.  People were happy with CD players, and burning CDs, before the early iPods.  DVD quality video was fine when BluRay came out.   The Internet was originally only embraced by a small group of intellectuals and individuals that were involved in the BBS world beforehand.  
Ethereum provides a blank slate for people to develop on, and that could be revolutionary. But, they have to work out the details first, and make it work effectively, so we will see.
Anyway, this is way off on a tangent.  That wasn't the point of this topic, lol.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:45:48
Hah, yes.  This was written by one of our new authors, and when editing it, I had to add the "However, please be cautious." warning.  We do not want anyone trying to day trade, losing a lot of money, then blaming us.  It is NOT easy to succeed in day trading without a lot of talent, research, and practice.
@_date: 2014-10-21 03:41:47
Thanks for catching that.  I'll update it now.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:00:39
We aren't supporting GAW, and are completely independent.  There is a huge difference in publishing an interview and coming out in support of a company...in fact, the reason we haven't published anything about GAW recently was because we have been researching the facts surrounding them.  
An actual analysis will come whenever that is finished.  Unfortunately, there are very few hard facts available about their operations (positive or negative), so it is slow going.
@_date: 2014-09-02 17:54:29
No, those are in his hot tub.  He split the coins into ~50,000 wallets of 10 BTC each, created physical coins, and now swims in it like Scrooge McDuck from Duck Tails.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:39:10
Money most certainly can make you rich.  Money can buy those productive assets.
I've always said that if someone were to hand me $10 million to do with as I please, I would instantly purchase 15-20 houses / condos / maybe a small apartment building in a stable area, plus a bit of land outside of a developing area.  
The income from renting the properties would be enough to ensure that no matter what happened otherwise, short of complete economic collapse, I would have a solid safety net, and land is never a bad thing to have.
Whatever was left would be used to invest in businesses with potential, as well as building my own.
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:52:49
Yeah, the biggest issue is that I directly transcribed everything he said (for the most part.  I did remove some repetition.), which makes it a little hard to follow.  It was easier to understand on the phone.
That being said, that specific statement was one that I was not completely clear about, but I THINK I understood the point.  My summary of this interview will be available soon, and I am currently doing research on my own independent analysis of what GAW is doing.
I'd rather not comment on what I think that is at the moment, but if I am right, then they are not what people think they are (take that however you want it).
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:03:08
Btw, I'm not arguing that the EPA does a better job than the free market would at regulating environmental issues.  They do a horrible job.  
The point is, neither is good enough.  That is one area that needs to be completely revamped.  It is something that should be considered in the same way that genocide is...because, ultimately, it will lead to the death of the human race if we do not do something to stop it.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:50:19
The existence of Bitcoin itself, in it's current form, was so "unrealistic" that it was ignored by governments and banks for years.
Now they are trying to play catchup to regulate and control it.  It is already functioning without the regulations, and thus has a multi-billion dollar market cap built upon this "unrealistic position".
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:40:12
No, it was centralized.  That is why it was possible for the government to take it down by seizing control of it's servers.
@_date: 2014-09-04 01:14:51
Real Link: 
@_date: 2014-08-13 04:22:19
Bitcoin isn't a cure-all for Africa.  However, that doesn't detract from that fact that it could be incredibly beneficial.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:36:40
Yes it does.  If Bitcoin doesn't become THE currency that it has the potential to become, then something built upon the ideas behind Bitcoin will.  Ethereum is a potential candidate for that, imo...or a combination of Bitcoin and Ethereum, aka Bit-thereum.  Ali, the author of this article, actually wrote a two part article on that: [
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:08:33
It is actually getting a significant amount of downvotes it seems, but a "Math Lab Bust" image is being upvoted lol.
Luckily, both involve Erik Voorhees :D
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:39:53
Actually, if you listen, Erik says that you can engage and write to the regulators if you want, and if you do, do it in a civil, polite way.  However, he goes on to say that really, these attempts to stop or control Bitcoin will ultimately fail as long as the community continues to keep building infrastructure around it.
So, sure, engage the regulators and try to get them to slack off.  However, at the same time, prepare for the likelihood that they will not, and just keep building new systems that will utilize Bitcoin.  
These regulations can slow down certain parts of the industry, and make things more difficult, but they cannot stop Bitcoin.  Plus, you have to remember, the Bitcoin community is not just comprised of random developers, supporters, and idealists.  
There are multi-million dollar companies being built that are rooted in Bitcoin.  There are multi-billion dollar companies that are joining in to not only accept, but actively promote, Bitcoin.  The amount of venture capital that is flowing into the Bitcoin ecosystem is growing faster and faster.
It cannot be stopped, unless we stop.
@_date: 2014-08-26 03:52:10
That is not true at all.  I absolutely understand what a corporation is and represents.  It is an independent entity that is separate from its employees, owners, etc.
I am not referring to a traditional corporation, as we think of today, but rather something new, and novel.  Bitcoin's employees and owners are the people that work to support it, mine it, buy the currency, etc., yet they are not Bitcoin.  However, much as a corporation is subject to the will of it's shareholders, with consensus needed for major decisions, so too is Bitcoin subject to the Bitcoin community, with consensus needed for major decisions.
I also have complete understanding of the prefix "meta", and the term meta actually has multiple meanings depending on how it is used.
In the way that I was using it, I was referring to something that is metawhatever can be considered beyond, or transcending, the original concept.  It can also mean something that is abstract, wide in scope, but that is not EXACTLY what I was referring to here.
Now, the only point I could see with how I was using it was my reference to Bitcoin being both the first DAC and the first meta-DAC.  However, while the concept of a DAC did come after Bitcoin was created, and is applied to Bitcoin, I see Bitcoin as something that transcends the basic definition of a DAC.  It is both the first DAC and first Meta-DAC rolled into one.
Finally, what is so hilarious about that quote?  The technology may not quite be to that point yet, but why do you find it humorous to imagine a company that has a program in place of traditional management?
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:53:14
The limit is artificial.  It can be removed by the devs quite easily.
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:04:55
Please, let me know if anyone has any suggestions, additions, or notices any mistakes.  This is being created to help onboard new users who may be curious about Bitcoin, but aren't completely ready (or don't yet understand enough) to take the plunge.
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:59:13
Yes, I understand this.  Regardless, Michael Casey is unlikely to outright lie about being provided with proof of GAW's ownership of a Bitcoin address which has had ~28k BTC from mining flow into it over the past 2 months, the recent purchase of 5 petahashes of mining power, and a lease for a 150,000 sq. foot datacenter.
Either way, the fact that there was only one source that verified this is actually the reason I have requested similar proof, and hopefully will receive it.  It wouldn't be absolute proof that GAW is doing everything they claim, but it would be reassuring nonetheless.
I will be sure to inform everyone if I am provided with anything to prove GAW's legitimacy, or otherwise.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:54:12
Sending funds instantly to ANYONE is the use for the average person.  Yes, that can be somewhat accomplished by Paypal, Western Union, etc., but those companies either have a lot of hoops to jump through, high fees, or limitations on sending the funds.
That is how I got my brother involved in it.  He needed some cash quickly, and was 4 hours away from me.  He isn't overly tech savvy, and doesn't have a Paypal account, but I was able to walk him through downloading a wallet, sending me his address, and then using the BTC I sent him without any difficulty.
Of course, getting people to USE Bitcoin isn't absolutely necessary.  Some will use it, some will not.  The point is informing more people about it, and raising awareness.  I think this is especially true in the college age / slightly older demographic. People in their 20s or 30s tend to be a bit more open to new ideas, and become interested in it just because it has potential, than the older generations (that is a generalization, and isn't always true...but is more often than not).
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:03:55
No problem at all.  It is an interesting concept.  Success begets success :p
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:19:54
Thanks.  I will check that out.
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:23:11
Still wrong.  It is Sashimi Namazake.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:20:55
There are very few things that you cannot buy with Bitcoin, or, at the very least, buy with a gift card that was purchased with BTC.  Services, utilities, rent, etc. are still a bit difficult, so it isn't appropriate for every situation, but you can certainly use Bitcoin directly in many cases.  I use it all the time, and often for things as mundane as going out for dinner, or buying groceries, clothes, etc.
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:38:09
Yes, that link is included in this article.  Scroll down to the section on Lex Cryptographia.
@_date: 2014-12-10 16:13:49
Well, I think Evan (the author of this article) would agree with you on the first point.  The rate that Bitcoin is being mined, as it was coded by Satoshi, is already calculated into the market price, and should be left as-is.  The market will handle it.
However, I think he would disagree with you about regulating the exchanges.  Let the fraudulent ones fail, the community demand transparency, and create a type of market-driven regulation that will actually work.  
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:30:17
Notice that this was published as a press release.  We will be investigating the crash, and contacting Shopify, to determine if the cause of the crash legitimately was because of the influx in purchasing from GAW (in any way), or if it was unrelated.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:32:36
Honestly, I don't think any of it is reasonable in reality.  The regulations put in place on MSBs are mainly a restriction on WHO can transmit money.  This is done under the guise of stopping "Money Laundering" and "Fraud", yet it does not really accomplish this goal at all.  People commit fraud and launder money with ease, regardless of the regulations placed on MSBs.
However, what the regulations really have a huge impact on is the cost of starting a business that deals in money services.  Even if you go the cheapest route of partnering with a previously existing company that has the proper licenses(and thus, giving away a large portion of your potential profit), you are looking at hundreds of thousands of dollars just to get started.  To go through all the steps required to become a legitimate MSB on your own, you need to have millions, hire an army of lawyers, and in many cases approval can take 6 months - 2 years (and that is on a state-by-state basis).
It is a big scheme to keep small businesses from growing, as innovative new businesses could threaten the status quo that those in power have enjoyed for a very, very long time.
Luckily, Bitcoin is the answer to this problem, and the reason that these regulations will fail.  While most of the payment processing companies that are growing in the Bitcoin ecosystem will, sadly, end up needing to comply with the various regulations for some time, the nature of Bitcoin will slowly erode the regulations and the power of the individuals that enforce\create those regulations.
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:40:24
It certainly is.  However is still born from Bitcoin, and a blockchain is a blockchain.
If Ethereum meets its full potential, and eclipses / replaces Bitcoin, Counterparty, etc., then that would just be the next stage in decentralized currency.  
Honestly though, I expect it to be more of a symbiotic relationship.
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:57:07
Well, Michael Casey DOES work for the WSJ, as far as I can tell, and is part of the Moneybeat / Bitbeat team.  He also works closely with Paul Vigna, and both are reputable journalists.  The article was not just some random blogger.
Read some of his other work.  He is quite competent.
But yes, you are right about that.  That is part of the reason I have asked for the evidence that was provided there.
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:44:24
The Bitcoin network itself is an entity that creates, distributes, records, and maintains every bitcoin that exists, or will exist.  It is a DAC (Decentralized Autonomous Corporation).  However, unlike traditional corporations, the decentralized portion means that it should not be considered the same as a person (and "personhood" or traditional corporations is a matter of great debate).
These rules can only be applied to a "person", such as a traditional corporation or an individual that was controlling the network.  Satoshi did not create, or issue, a single bitcoin.  The Bitcoin network did that.  He only wrote software that allowed that network to come into existence.
Most people don't understand the revolution that Bitcoin has really started.  The focus on the currency, and the implications it has for the financial systems of the world are quite significant.  However, that is nothing compared to what is being developed at the moment.  The next generation of DACs is already in development, and it will begin to change the way the world works in every conceivable way.
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:24:35
Your right.  I think there was a bit of confusion when that chart was created.  It says coins yet to be mined, but seems to show how many coins should be mined during each of the periods.  I'll tell the author of this article, and have him either re-label the chart, or shift the dates.
@_date: 2014-08-01 21:35:12
Yeah, I am re-reading that, and I know how to fix it lol.  I'll get it corrected.
There should be an "is" after analysis and I think "addition to" should be removed...or maybe just broken into two sentences.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:54:35
A require tax of any amount would be wrong.  If anything was added like this, it would need to be an optional donation.
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:52:50
Really?  Did you even read the introduction to the interview?  Or the last paragraph?
I'm not sure what is going on with GAW, and just presented the results of the interview I conducted with Josh.  I've asked him to provide proof to me of their operations, which I have not received yet, and we are NOT supporting them.  
That said, I do not personally think that GAW is a ponzi (I could be wrong)...if what I think is correct, then it will truly change everything.  Will the change be for the better?  I'm not really sure.
We were not paid to write this, and the only payment we have EVER received from GAW was from selling banner ad space to them, at the same rate that we charge other companies.
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:34:06
Nah, I didn't miss it.  I just chose to ignore the point and respond to the list :p
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:09:48
17 Votes and 5 points with 64% upvoted.  Seems some people aren't too happy with it.
To anyone that is downvoting, please give me feedback.  Let me know what you dislike, or disagree with.  Can send it privately if you like.  This is a topic that I enjoy discussing, and would love to hear other's thoughts on it.
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:29:31
No, they are in a kinda "limbo" state.  This is a step toward accepted currency \ legal tender status (or at least one can dream).
But, cryptocurrencies ARE technically illegal in California.
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:51:51
Because his prediction was so specific.
@_date: 2014-07-29 19:03:22
They will scream, fight, and regulate for as long as they can.  Bitcoin will survive it all, and move forward.  Eventually, economics will force the regulators to accept defeat, and AT LEAST seriously lessen the regulations.
One of the beautiful things about Bitcoin, and other decentralized systems it has spawned, will spawn, or have previously emerged in other industries, is that they are more powerful than any government.  Before this time, no such system has ever existed.  Governments, especially the US in recent history, have been the supreme authority for a very long time.
At the same time, Bitcoin is disrupting the banking sector, and banking is the only industry that has come close to rivaling that of the government itself (and is, in many ways, an extension of the government).  Likely, banks are the ones that are really pushing for this regulation.  The higher the barrier to entry is for new companies, the harder it will be for real competition to arise.
They will all come around, eventually.  Just give it some time.  Until then, do exactly what Erik said.  Keep building.
@_date: 2014-07-26 03:07:49
It is impossible to accurately predict markets 100% of the time.  However, by taking all factors into account, such as:  Trends, current economic status of the countries that are most heavily invested, recent news, and a bit of market psychology, then one can be right more often than wrong.  
As long as you are right more often than you are wrong, and you trade carefully (don't "all in" unless it is truly a sure thing), then you will come out on top over time.
Of course, luck always plays a factor.  However, luck can be mitigated, or enhanced, by careful analysis.
@_date: 2014-09-07 01:35:54
Yeah, I'll do that in a bit.  Most of this was written last night after a very long day.
@_date: 2014-08-20 14:08:19
I've made mistakes with Bitcoin, and learned from them.  I also took full responsibility for my mistakes, and expected not to see the coins again.  However, I did have contact info for the address that received it, though it was not someone who is heavily involved in the Bitcoin community, and lives in India.
Reached out to him to ask if he would return them.  No response.  Waited a bit, then reached out again, and asked if he would return half, and keep half, so that he still ended up with more money than he had as a "finders fee".  He responded and agreed.
Ended up being ~$1500 lesson, but could have been ~$3000 :p
@_date: 2014-12-11 02:40:00
We have plans to address this in the future.  We just have to finish our new website first (moving away from Wordpress, and building from scratch).
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:09:22
Bitcoin is not about tax evasion.  It is about the ability to control your own money, and eliminate the need for a middleman to complete payments.  It eliminates the need to trust any other entity with your funds.
However, as the blockchain is a public ledger, I would not expect to avoid paying taxes with it.  It most likely will catch up to you eventually, as the governments around the world catch on and figure out how to integrate it into their systems.
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:33:45
Bitcoin Starter would have been successful, had it been properly implemented and publicized.  
I do not know for sure, as it isn't clear from reading the FAQ, but it seems as if the owners of the website hold the BTC themselves, which would leave any high value project vulnerable to theft and fraud.  If that is not true, and Bitcoin Starter actually is utilizing the blockchain, or has some other system in place to provide transparency, and prevent the owners from touching the coins, then please let me know.
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:19:16
I agree.  That would be nice.
Trucoin was formed before altcoins were really a "thing".  Only Namecoin, and a few other Bitcoin forks, had been created.
@_date: 2014-08-11 07:54:54
Lol, whats wrong with a Hogwarts shirt?
@_date: 2014-07-30 20:12:32
Yeah, the "terrorist" boogeyman is the perfect scapegoat to use to strip away our freedoms.  It scares enough people badly enough that they will allow things that they would never consider acceptable otherwise.
It is sad to see.
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:27:07
Why don't you order something on Overstock?  Or some gold?
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:21:00
It isn't damaging Bitcoin's acceptance.  It is putting negative pressure on Bitcoin's price.  It is a necessary step in the growth of the currency.
The only way to counteract that is to increase awareness in the mainstream, and there are many initiatives being undertaken to do so.
Once Bitcoin becomes pervasive enough that it is "normal" to accept it, then it will start to penetrate deeper into the supply side, and the benefit of keeping Bitcoin in Bitcoin form, rather than USD, will begin to grow.
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:19:16
Wow, it would have been nice if they could have also rented/purchased the layout, information, etc. that was on Bitcoin.com before.
If they want to redesign it, fine.  However, it would be much better to redesign it in a test environment, while leaving the old version live, until the new one is ready.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:32:25
Yep, and I think most people are going to choose 
These regulations are a waste of time.
@_date: 2014-12-07 19:49:09
This isn't an advertisement.  It is the transcript of an interview.  
We have not been presented with any hard evidence that GAW is scamming anyone...regardless of any lack of transparency.  If anyone can provide us with proof of wrongdoing, we will publish that.
At the same time, if GAW can provide us with proof that they are mining on a large scale, we will also publish that.
People claiming that a company is a scam is not proof.  Accusations of some ebay chargeback, with little to back up who was involved, is not proof.
If anyone has PROOF, in either direction, please send it to us.
@_date: 2014-07-29 17:13:33
Great work Sean!  I loved the video, and Erik has some really great points about what the community should be focusing on.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:42:44
Thank you for the feedback.  I wrote this over the past few days, and after reading over it again, I feel the same way.
I plan to make this a living document on Coin Brief's sidebar, so I'll take this into consideration when I update it.
@_date: 2014-08-02 18:20:40
There is also 
However, I'm not sure how they have developed...still looks really basic.  I created an account like a year ago, but never used it.
@_date: 2014-10-11 03:45:29
That is not at all what I mean about impact.  Read the last two articles I wrote to get a better understanding of what I am referring to:  
I think the focus on the price is a toxic mindset, and not one that helps the community in any meaningful way.  By "impact" I am referring to the spread of knowledge regarding Bitcoin's existence, and understanding of what it actually is.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:53:53
Well, I did say that Terrierpike's prediction is most likely right.  We just don't have enough information to predict anything with 100% accuracy / confidence.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:22:14


You missed that part.
Secure, but recoverable, hardware wallets that add nothing in terms of transaction costs are what we need.
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:00:01
Years ago, I became a Libertarian, thanks to going to school at Auburn University, and thus spending a decent amount of time behind the Mises Institute in 2006 and 2007.  In 2009 I started my first business, and later became interested in digital currency.
However, going back a bit, I began my education studying biomedical chemical engineering, co-oped as an industrial stack tester (similar to an internship, except it paid really well), and later, after I had started my business and my son had been born, switched to study Microbiology as it had a lighter course load than engineering.  So, the scientific method is ingrained in me, and I understand the consequences of what we are doing right now, as it is being confirmed over and over and over.
Also, I have first person experience doing environmental testing for carbon emissions (and many toxic chemicals) from industrial plants.  My experience taught me that the EPA is corrupt, as is the entire industry surrounding environmental testing.  So many of those plants SHOULD have failed our tests.  I did the tests myself, and read the results.  However, if they failed, many times they would be "retested" and suddenly their numbers would be much lower.  Other times, the numbers would be high, but the EPA representative would just overlook it.
I read the latest research from a variety of fields on a weekly basis, and something must be done.  The market is NEVER going to stop us from killing ourselves, as the environment is something that transcends the market.  
In almost every other situation, the industry in question, or the issue being raised, or the issue of competitiveness is solely within the market.  Regulation is horrible there, because regulation is just government manipulation that gives one company (or a group of companies) an advantage over others, or raises the barrier to entry to prevent new competition from ever arising.
However, the market is contained within the environment.  EVERYTHING is contained within the environment.  What is good for the market is not necessarily good for the environment, but what is bad for the environment will inevitably be bad for the survival of the human race.  Unless we can invent some incredibly efficient process for removing the pollution from the air (unlikely, due to the incredible amounts being produced + lack of market incentive to do so), then we are screwed.
Sadly, in this singular case, the only answer truly is regulation, but not the kind of regulation we have today.  It needs to be a kind of regulation that is not influenced by industry, and that is determined by true experts in the field...and by expert, I do not mean experts in the oil industry, or coal industry, or nuclear industry, but experts in the scientific community that can mathematically, chemically, and statistically prove what is happening, how it is happening, and what must be done to stop it, regardless of any sort of economic consequences.
Of course, the kind of regulation I am suggesting isn't going to happen anytime soon.  We would first need to change the entire economy and government from an overbearing, corporatist clusterfuck into an efficient, capitalist, minimalist government that only intervenes in cases such as this, where pure capitalism would actually end up causing widespread harm, but in a way that is hard for 99% of the population to understand, because it isn't actually going to REALLY have a devastating impact for quite some time, but once it does truly start, there will be no going back to stop it.  We will be at the point of no return.
/rant off
*sigh* This issue is one of the only reasons that I cannot fully commit to being a 100% anarchocapitalist.  There are just some issues that can't wait for the market to adjust, because they will destroy us all.
@_date: 2014-06-05 23:56:56
The event with Cyprus' banking issues is going to look tiny compared to what will happen next.
To all our people in Europe that still have money in banks, what are you going to do?  Are you preparing to do a full dump to Bitcoin?  (That would be my response I think)
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:36:33
Notice that this was published as a press release. We will be investigating the crash, and contacting Shopify, to determine if the cause of the crash legitimately was because of the influx in purchasing from GAW (in any way), or if it was unrelated.
However, you cannot say "No, they didn't" with no reasoning behind it. The timing of the crash correlates with the massive amount of Hashlet sales.  While that does not prove that the crash was caused by the Hashlet purchases, it certainly provides more evidence on the side of it being a potential cause.  There is no evidence, until Shopify provides it, to show that there were any other issues that caused the outage, thus this is (currently) the most likely.
Of course, while it could have been the Hashlet sales, it also could have been multiple factors (with the Hashlet purchases being one), or it could have been an attack, or it could have just been a hiccup in their system.  We shall see.
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:13:38
GAW Miners did not pay us anything to publish this.
The only thing GAW has purchased from us is a banner ad, at a standard rate. That same rate is available for any digital currency company that would like to advertise on Coin Brief, and it does not include any published content.
They have never paid for content, nor for publishing press releases. In fact, at this time we do not even have an affiliate account with GAW, though we are considering creating one, as we do cover them quite often.
In my experience, they have been the most straightforward, honest, and professional company in the digital currency mining industry. It is that alone that has earned our respect and willingness to publish their Press Releases.
That being said, this is a Press Release, and it is clearly filed as such.  Go to any major news company, and every one of them will have a section or subdomain for Press Releases which are written by the company in question, or by a 3rd party working on their behalf.  We cannot verify with 100% accuracy the validity of these statements, but we have no reason to doubt them.  If information arises that shows that anything in this release is untrue, then that will be clarified.
Thus far, Shopify has not responded to our inquiry.
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:29:16
Well, this isn't related directly to the competition, but rather to the previous project (giving away BTC to every student) there was [this](


That is from MIT.edu, and seems to indicate that the administration at MIT supports the initiatives from [MIT Bitcoin Club](
@_date: 2014-05-15 01:25:00
Yeah, that is something I have given a lot of thought during my life.  From what I've observed, the average IQ of the Bitcoin community seems likely to be likely closer to 120 or so.  Even some of the "idiots" are probably, at the least, average in terms of IQ.
The thing is, we don't have to convince the lower half.  When it comes to banking, computers, mathematics, etc., they will follow the lead of the above average.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:07:39
4, 5, and 8 aren't reasons to not buy.  
4 - Satoshi's coins would have an impact for sure, but he still has less than 10% of all bitcoins.  Hell, Mt. Gox lost almost as many coins as Satoshi owns.
5 - Won't happen, and I would have serious difficulty trusting them.
8 - There are ways around that.  A quick switch to an algorithm that their machines cannot handle, along with restarting on the block before the attack, would work I think...(correct me if I am wrong, but that should be possible)
@_date: 2014-08-26 18:16:24
Yeah, I responded to him twice, then thought to check his history.  Lots of random shilling in favor of banks over Bitcoin, pro-government currency comments, etc.
He obviously DOES have some understanding of economics, but unfortunately, he has chosen the wrong school of thought.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:08:29
I would never suggest that anyone use "Bitcoin is a great investment" as a way to convince someone to get into digital currency.  That is a HORRIBLE idea.  That is misleading, and will only lead to souring people on the entire idea if they get burned.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:16:42
For all of us that got in when Bitcoin was in the single and double digits, or even a couple hundred, I fail to see where this 50% loss is coming from.  I sold half my coins at $950 on the way up, and bought back in at 450, 550, and 750 (yes, I realize we are under that right now).
The sharp rises, like the one up to over $1000, will generally end up in a sharp drop back down.  However, the final price is generally somewhere in the middle.  That huge rise started at $100-200, ended at over $1000, and stabilized in the $500-700 range.  The one before it started at $5, rose to $220-$240, then dropped down to stabilize at ~$100.  The one before that started at less than $1, rose to over $10, and dropped down to stabilize at a few dollars.
@_date: 2014-11-03 17:54:54
Other companies are working on various approaches that would cater to 3rd world countries and areas in a way that would make it simple, safe, and secure.
@_date: 2014-06-08 18:03:09
Supporting the ideas =\= co-opting the ideas
MIT, and other institutions, can support their students involvement in Bitcoin related projects, or even start their own projects involving Bitcoin (or other digital currencies) without detracting from the student's work.
@_date: 2014-08-12 23:14:55
Not quite.  DPR did much more than that.  Creating peer to peer software is very different than hosting a website \ service on a server you own \ lease.
As long as Open Bazaar remains decentralized, then there is no one that can be held liable for anything that happens inside of the market.
Think of it in terms of E-gold vs Bitcoin and other decentralized digital currencies. E-gold eventually had it's gold taken by the Federal Government, and it's owners eventually plead guilty to ["conspiracy to engage in money laundering" and one count of the "operation of an unlicensed money transmitting business"](
However, you do not see the same thing happening to programmers that are churning out new digital currencies.  Though, who know what would happen to Satoshi if he were to turn up.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:29:00
You are likely correct.  However, there could be a gamma ray burst headed our way right now, and we wouldn't know it until it hit us (moving at the speed of light and all).
Actually, we wouldn't know it even when it does hit us, because, if it is close enough, our solar system would be disintegrated...a bit farther away, and the planets would all be fried at least (the sun may survive).  Either way, the sun stops rising and setting for Earth.
However, your prediction is most likely right.  We just do not have enough information to predict it 100%.  In fact, to predict anything 100%, you would need to record all the information in the universe (down to the subatomic level), which would require a machine larger than the entire universe (as it would need to contain the Universe inside of it).
TL;DR There will never be enough 'information' to 'predict' anything.  Or, there is TOO MUCH information to ever predict anything.  However you want to look at it.
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:02:33
Well, his birth name is Satoshi Nakamoto, and the S in Dorian S. Nakamoto is for Satoshi...so that is not true.  He could claim it without admitting that he is THAT Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2014-08-11 00:28:32
The Swiss research is not taking the human element into account enough, and is ignoring a lot of relevant Bitcoin-related information.  Price following the rate at which people are talking about Bitcoin, or searching for it, is not surprising, nor is it new information, and cannot be used determine a specific "value" for Bitcoin.  
Also, of course the minimum price of Bitcoin is set at the cost of mining it!  You can't use that as a way to determine a minimum value, because the cost of mining isn't a constant!  If the cost to mine 1 Bitcoin is greater than the price of 1 Bitcoin then some people will turn off their mining machines, and the the cost to mine 1 Bitcoin goes down.  This is happening with older ASICs already, as their power cost is greater than the value of the coins they produce.
If Bitcoin dropped to $1 per BTC, then the cost of mining 1 BTC would also drop to that level (or lower)...though, if Bitcoin had that kind of drop, I think it is safe to say that could be the end anyway...or at least drive Bitcoin to the sidelines.  
Of course, the only way I could see that ever happening would require some serious breakthrough in digital currency that created a new currency that was so much better than Bitcoin that even the biggest supporters of Bitcoin would jump to it.
(Actually, only half of this is a TL;DR from the article, and the other half is me going off on a tangent.  Also, I didn't write the article, and my TL;DR is far from complete).
@_date: 2014-08-19 12:27:51
I was already playing my first MMO in 2000 :p
Started out using the internet in 1995, or 1996, when I was 8 or 9 years old.
@_date: 2014-11-03 18:00:32
Not necessarily true.  With the BTC price down like it is, they could already be collecting BTC while it's market cap is tiny.  Sure, that would give it a bit of upward pressure right now, but there has been enough downward pressure for a while to counteract that.
Lets say they collected 1 million BTC over the current period, and put that to the side as their reserve for manipulation.  Then, in the future, if Bitcoin were to become mainstream, they would already have a starting reserve to work with, and could sell from it, or buy more, depending on how they want to manipulate the price.
Even if Bitcoin's marketcap was 100x what it is today, that would still be tiny in comparison to USD, Euro, CNY, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-04 01:11:18
The problem with a private EPA is that it would have no bite.  In some markets it would work, but when being environmentally friendly is more expensive than not, why do they care if they have the private EPA's stamp of approval?  If they are operating on their own private property, how are they to be stopped?  Boycott them?  Human nature will stop that from succeeding, because their goods will be cheaper, and the fact that they pollute the environment will not matter to enough people that they will still have buyers.
That is the problem with environmental issues, and the reason that it is the big problem with pure capitalism for me.  I am ALMOST a complete anarchocapitalist, but this issue is too large to allow the market to decide, because it is an issue that is outside of the market rather than contained within it.
If a company is producing pollution that is going to destroy the Earth in 50 or 100 years (or longer), there is a good chance that they won't give a fuck.  There is also a good chance that many others won't give a fuck either.  Selfish people who do not care about future generations just won't fucking care.  The ONLY way it would be feasible for a purely capitalist approach to work in this case would be for the most environmentally friendly methods to also be the cheapest, which is far, far from reality.
That is why I support a very small, very limited government.  A government who's sole task is to enforce rules and regulations on very specific issues (aka, issues which TRULY destroy, endanger, or harm others, or the future of our planet).  Now, I don't mean that should be extended to every little thing that someone can claim is "harming" them.  There needs to be proof.  Fortunately, there is ample proof that what we are doing to the environment IS and WILL CONTINUE (at an exponential rate) to cause a catastrophic change in our atmosphere, climate, and the planet's habitability (for humans).
I don't think we will wipe out all life on Earth.  Life will go on.  Just, at the current rate, we will wipe out all human life.  In fact, much of the recent data has been pointing to the idea that we actually need to become carbon NEGATIVE (and I say carbon...but it really includes other elements and chemicals...carbon just keeps it simple).  We have already reached a point that even the entire world becoming carbon neutral would lead to catastrophe.  It would just take longer.
Maybe someone will find an incredible use for graphene, carbon nanotubes, etc., an efficient way to extract CO2 and split it, and that would solve all of our problems.  Unfortunately, that is quite unlikely, because O2 is easy to get, and so is carbon, so it would need to be REALLY REALLY efficient, or would need to be a use for carbon-based materials that requires such a huge amount that other methods cannot keep up with demand.
**All that being said, I agree with you in almost every other way.  I am actually the victim of corrupt regulation myself.  My first business was in telecommunications, and grew extremely quickly.  Our first year we brought in ~$500,000 in revenue (gross) and ~$200,000 in profit. By our 3rd year, our growth was on track to hit somewhere between $5,000,000 and $7,000,000 in revenue for the year.**
**Unfortunately, the Baby Bell Cell Companies (I'm sure you know which ones I mean) had managed to get one of their lobbyists in as the chairman of the FCC.  Soon after, new regulations completely decimated our business plan, and we had to shut down operations (we were just collateral damage.  The regulation was actually aimed at small telephone companies, and has successfully been bankrupting them and allowing the Baby Bells to buy them up for almost nothing).**
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:34:45
Nah, probably not.  Reddit "fuzzing" combined with a few trolls could account for the 20% downvoting.
@_date: 2014-07-24 22:08:22
I'll mention Monero to the author.  We have a separate article on Monero, but it was not written by the same person.  George may not be up to speed on Monero.
If you would like to help support Monero, you are free to apply to be a [Coin Representative](  We have one for Monero already, but have decided to let up to 3 or 4 people represent each currency, as it is unlikely that one person (unless it is one of the dev team) could accurately cover every aspect of a currency and it's community.
@_date: 2014-08-07 02:52:08
Beats me.  I really enjoyed the article, and this will be interesting to watch.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:19:26
Coin Brief is not "actively pumping" GAW.  
Yes, we sold banner adspace to them (at the same rate that we charge other companies), and we cannot, nor would we, remove that before it finishes, without PROOF of wrongdoing by GAW.
Today we published an INTERVIEW with Josh Garza.  He reached out to us, and we decided to speak with him.  
In the introduction, I actually avoided giving my opinion about GAW, as I don't have enough factual information for or against them to say anything with confidence.


And, at the end of the article, I included this




Coin Brief is working on actually finding out the facts of this entire fiasco, rather than just making wild accusations.  When I interviewed Josh, he seemed to be quite genuine, but I have not received anything concrete to back up any of it.
So, please, if you have concerns or questions about GAW, or if you have any sort of proof of wrongdoing, PLEASE email it to me.  I have read through hundreds of pages of forum posts, articles, reddit posts, etc., and I can't find anything with any PROOF of wrongdoing.  That is what we would need, and if it exists, we would gladly take it.
At the same time, I've asked GAW to provide us with proof of their mining operations.  If they provide that, then we will be happy to announce that as well.  So far, they have not, but I expect that they will.
Edit:  I really should click on usernames before I bother responding to them.  If you are going to accuse a person, or a company of something, at least have the guts to use your real username instead of making a burner.
@_date: 2014-07-25 22:56:50
Sometimes it is really clear, and doesn't take much to interpret.  Had Dell announced it would be accepting Bitcoin "soon", and then waited a few weeks, the positive pressure from the acceptance, and negative pressure from the BTC sales would be more pronounced.
Overstock did it that way, and it is clearly shown in the charts:  
Unfortunately, with all the other news, both positive and negative (mostly negative), it is impossible to tell with any certainty how much the BTC being sold impacted the price.  However, the reversal of a downtrend and HUGE volume spike, from the announcement, are quite clear.
@_date: 2014-07-12 23:50:26
You are right.  This system is young, and is not the "holy grail".  However, it could become something great.  That point is outlined in the last paragraph:


    
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:49:50
If it is automatically adjusting the rankings based on the donation\tip, and the funds are being transferred automatically by the system, then I don't see that being a point of failure.  Whoever is receiving the funds is not essential to the system, and the ranking system would still work, even if they were not there to receive the funds (though, it could possibly result in lost bitcoins).
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:43:43
The majority of the current dev team have significant holdings in Bitcoin, and their work can have a direct impact in the price of each bitcoin.  This provides incentive with or without payment.
The issue currently, from what I can see, is the lack of incentive for developers that do not have a significant amount of bitcoin, nor the funds to invest in obtaining more BTC.
Currently, most developers in the community have these choices:  
1.  Work for an established company, and get paid regularly.
2.  Work for a startup, and lose a bit of security, but increase their potential gains.
3.  Start their own project, but take a lot of risk in doing so.
4.  Work on Bitcoin core code, but, if they do not hold a significant amount of BTC, then any price increase related to their work will only succeed in making others rich.
Lighthouse makes  and  more attractive.  Crowdfunding for a digital currency related project, or for ideas on specific upgrade(s) to the core software, is a spectacular idea.
@_date: 2014-05-05 22:29:03
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:56:41
Hpv is extremely rare in men, is not easily transmissible with a condom (needs to get into the mucus membranes), and you could actually contract it from sex with a virgin that did not carry the virus.
That shit is all over the place.  It is on doorknobs, walls, and just about any other surface.  It is often contracted by a womam from a man who did not have HPV himself, but touched a surface that had the virus on it, then touched his penis, then had sex.
Edit:  That is why it is so important for women to get vaccinated,  even if they are in a monogamous relationship,  and their partner is not a carrier.
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:46:05
Yeah, I didn't cover everything.  Just some recent examples, the two mining companies (others failed too, but those were just the most memorable), and of course, Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:45:41
No, I do not mean pushing people to buy something they neither need nor want.  Not every person that becomes interested in Bitcoin will even buy it.  That is not what I mean by "sell" someone on it. 
Awareness is the key.  The issue isn't that people know what Bitcoin is, but don't see any use or need for it.  The issue is that most people, even college students, DON'T know anything about Bitcoin.
If more people know what Bitcoin is, have a basic grasp of how it works, and understand the potential benefits of it, then that alone will drive growth.  That will bring new ideas into the community, it will bring some people in that DO have an immediate use for it, and it will increase the rate at which people talk about digital currency, which in turn will increase adoption even more.  Critical mass is the goal, and we don't need every person involved to be holding much / any Bitcoin.  They just need to be aware, and need to understand (if they are even interested enough to listen to someone explain it to them).
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:21:41
Do you have any idea how many new users Microsoft brought in?  What do you think those users are doing?  What are users that were already around, and use Xbox doing?
The answer is this:  They are using BTC to buy games, Xbox subscriptions, etc.  That causes a short term drop in price, as it puts a lot of selling pressure on the market.  However, that will slow, and the new users' added buying power will level it out.
Retailers cannot be the only ones to accept Bitcoin for the price to really rise.  If that is the case, they will continue to cash it out for USD, or other fiat currencies.  Suppliers and manufacturers need to get on board too.  And yes, I know Microsoft also is a supplier and manufacturer, not just a retailer, but they still depend on many other suppliers and manufacturers.
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:30:50
Things like this should be undertaken by multiple currencies, and spread it across as many sports \ events as possible.
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:32:20
I think so as well.  I am expecting a few more big companies to get on board very soon, which will likely start a new bullish trend.
@_date: 2014-06-29 22:47:04
Well, that still leaves the issue of you controlling the funds, and requires trust.  With Bitcoin providing the ability for this to be handled in a trustless way, that removes any chance of fraud or theft, it would be beneficial to utilize that.  That is the one piece missing from Bitcoin Starter, and it seems that Lighthouse is embracing it.
However, don't take that as an accusation of any wrongdoing.  It is just an issue that is common in the digital currency community.  Any system that manages to decentralize it's operation, and remove the need to trust a central company with handling the funds, will gather a lot of support here.
The only two business models that hold users' funds, but cannot be easily decentralized, are exchanges and mining pools.  Exchanges are difficult because of the link to fiat, and requirements for deposit\withdrawal that brings.  Mining pools can be, and have been, decentralized, but so far the decentralized ones are not as efficient\profitable for miners.
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:43:20
Auburn University, and because it was in state (lower tuition) and kept me somewhat near my family.
Those are not the reasons that I am happy I did not attend MIT, as those were stupid reasons.  If I were looking back, and using my original reasons alone, then I really should have chosen MIT.
However, if I had not chosen Auburn, then I would not have met my son's mother, nor would I have him (he is my world).  Also, I would not have met my first business partner, who is the person that got me into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-08 21:57:05
I know, and I agree.  I was just nitpicking on the technicalities.  He technically COULD claim it, and still disagree that he is THE bitcoin Satoshi, as they made it clear that they were referring to the Satoshi Nakamoto from the Newsweek article.
But, yes, it is shameless advertising, and he should not accept it.
@_date: 2014-08-20 03:03:42
I wrote the article, so yes :p
200 50 20 7 EMA on a 12 hour period.  I simplified it a bit in the article, as I generally used multiple settings, varying from 1 day periods with similar EMAs down to 1-4 hour periods using a triple EMA to drill down into shorter term trends.  
However, the 200 50 20 7 12-hour is my favorite for seeing the big picture.  It makes things look so clear.
@_date: 2014-11-02 07:22:08
BTW, if you have any solid proof that GAW is commiting fraud, PLEASE send it to contact  If there is actual evidence of that, we will publish it.
It is very possible that they are, but I am not convinced.  I don't see why they would.  They had an extremely profitable business going with their actual Scrypt ASIC hardware sales, and I KNOW that those were legit, because I bought a couple of furies early on, and they worked flawlessly.
That being said, the things they are doing now are confusing at best.  I'm just trying to make sense of them, and fit the pieces of the puzzle together.
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:35:33
Yep.  The Dominican Government is actually supportive of it, and actively assisting as far as I know.  Also, the only university on the island is handing out information about the Bit Drop and Bitcoin to help educate the people.
@_date: 2014-08-26 18:02:19


In the case of Bitcoin, the network / DAC / core program is Bitcoin (capitalized) and bitcoins are the currency.  There is a difference.  Maybe that is where you are confused.
With a farmer, he/she works to support the farm, not the corn.  He is employed by (or owns) the farm, depending on his situation. The farm is the corporation, or business, that is it's own entity and the farmer is supporting, but the farm and the farmer are not the same.


You sound like someone I know.  He is a Redhat Engineer, virtualization architect, and understands networking extremely well.  However, when I originally tried to explain Bitcoin to him, he thought it was impossible.  Later, the same response when presented with Ethereum.  He now owns a small amount of BTC, and thinks Ethereum is an interesting idea.
The tech (to bring this to a level of interaction with physical products) isn't far off, and could potentially be pulled off today with brilliant enough developers.  Once it is accomplished, it should succeed simply due to the efficiency in decentralization and reduced labor costs.
Don't be so narrow minded.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:54:17
Now that they are reaching 28nm, it may actually be a good investment.  Not that buying miners with Bitcoin is anything new, but it is a place you can spend your coins.  However, unless your electricity is high, or you really just don't want to deal with the hardware, I would suggest trying to get a physical machine rather than cloud hashing power (unless you are planning on mixing mining and day trading, and want to buy/sell your hashing power, while getting mining payouts on the side).
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:08:14
I will likely do a part 2 at some point in the future, and cover Neo and some of the others.
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:10:06
Where do you think Bitcoin came from?  There is a reason Satoshi disappeared...
@_date: 2014-09-02 06:17:13
The only regulations that I would agree are "good" are ones that limit the ability of one person or group to cause physical harm to another.
I am a Libertarian at heart, though I disagree with much that the Libertarian party has focused on for the past few years.  However, even as a Libertarian, I can see the good in regulations for certain areas...mainly environmental issues, as our environment is one of the few things that transcends the market.
Unfortunately, the EPA and other regulatory bodies that are in charge of enforcing environmental regulation are corrupt and do a horrible job at it.
Outside of environmental issues, I see very little need for regulation at all.  In fact, most regulation that SEEMS to have a "positive" effect is actually just nullifying, or controlling, previous regulation.
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:53:43
Well, that kind of tax would be unacceptable to most of the Bitcoin community.
However, an option to have a set amount, or a certain %, sent to an idea such as this would be cool.
Also, in response to your  there could be a couple of issues (in my opinion) with too much venture funding.  One is related to Bitcoin directly, and one is not.
For one, many people believe that the tech industry as a whole is in a bubble, caused mostly by the insane amounts of cheap money being released into the US economy by the Fed.  If this flow of cash is tightened, or stops, then it could cause all sorts of problems for the industries being pumped up by it.
Secondly, and this one is related to Bitcoin specifically, this kind of funding pushes a handful of companies to the forefront, and ties them to Bitcoin's identity.  In many cases these companies are not even the best at what they are doing, nor are they doing anything truly innovative, but were instead just the ones with the best connections.  If these companies flop, then it impacts the image of Bitcoin as a whole.
@_date: 2014-06-02 01:37:43
Yes, this article was actually prepared 4 days ago.  It's publishing was accidentally delayed.  We apologize.
@_date: 2014-12-10 16:29:18
I honestly think that Ethereum will end up being a system that works alongside Bitcoin, and, POTENTIALLY, the two may be linked together in some way at some point.  No matter what happens, I'm excited to see it (as long as Ethereum becomes fully functional at some point).
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:26:53
No, the previous Bitcoin.com was very clean, had a lot of information, etc.
When they took over, they changed it to this.
@_date: 2014-08-12 07:18:18


Yes, the state does pay them.  So, why are we suppose to be happy and thankful for that sort of police force?  Why should the citizens that the police are suppose to "serve and protect" not get to decide who is in charge of that sort of enforcement?
And don't give me the "democratically elected" bullshit, because that is flawed on two fronts.  The most glaring is that the police are not elected, though they are approved by the state through whatever process is setup for that area, which you could say was through representative democratic election...but that is the bigger flaw.  Representative democracy worked well at one time.  It worked well when the individual communities actually needed to have someone go represent them in a larger group, because it was impossible to have everyone go to influence decisions.  That was a part time job, and usually wasn't even a paid position (we actually had multiple presidents and congressmen go bankrupt, or near bankrupt, while serving).
With the interconnection we have today, that kind of representation is outdated.  We do not need to travel for days \ weeks to reach a place to discuss issues.  We can do it instantaneously on the internet.
Then, democracy itself is flawed.  The majority makes decisions that can be detrimental to the freedom of the minority...and I don't mean majority as white people, and minority as others (which will not be true for much longer anyway).  I mean, in every decision, there is a majority and minority.  If you disagree with the decision, and the majority decides to take away your freedom to do something, you are in the minority, but it is still detrimental.  Over time, everyone ends up in the minority at various times, and everyone loses...except those at the very top who are "above the law".
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:43:03
You can make money with mining.  You just can't make money with a mining rig straight out of the box, or in an area with high energy costs.
With the proper modifications to a mining rig, and a little thought into how you will power them, then they can be VERY profitable.
This is exactly why giant datacenters and innovative individuals will be the only profitable miners in the long run.  Those that just order, plug in, and go will likely lose (long term...I made quite a bit ordering a batch 2 Avalon at the start of the ASIC takeover).
@_date: 2014-07-29 18:42:31
That doesn't work in the world of money service businesses.  It is up to the business to go above and beyond to guarantee that they know who the person they are dealing with is, and where they are from.
These rules are overreaching and horrible, and go beyond what is required of the average MSB, but even the standard requirements are pretty nasty.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:25:09
Yes, I apologize.  I was using outdated information.  It seems that boys are being vaccinated as well now.
**"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the most common 
sexually transmitted infection in women, and is the main 
cause of cervical cancer. 
 While HPV is also very common in men, most do not 
develop any serious health problems"**
So it is common in men as well, but men are much less likely to develop symptoms.
**"Currently, there is no HPV test recommended for men. The only approved HPV tests on the market are for screening women for cervical cancer. They are not useful for screening for HPV-related cancers or genital warts in men."**
And I assume this is why the information I read in the past seemed to indicate that men contracted it less often.  There are no reliable tests for men.
**"Human papilloma viruses usually are spread by direct skin contact, such as shaking the hand of someone who has a wart on their finger or having sexual intercourse with someone who has a genital HPV infection. Genital HPV infections can be spread by people with no symptoms, but the risk of infection is particularly high if you have intercourse with someone who has genital warts.**
**Less often, the viruses are carried on surfaces touched by someone who has warts, especially inside shoes that have been worn by someone with plantar warts."**
It seems that it is less common to contract it from surfaces that have the virus on them than previously though, but it is still possible.  Some places claim that is impossible, but it certainly is possible.
**"HPV infection of the cervix usually occurs earlier 
in the sexual lives of women. We know this 
because HPV positive rates are around 50% in 
women around the age of 20. In the majority of 
women the infection clears usually within a year 
and indeed protective antibodies may develop 
to prevent future infection by the same type. 
This does not always occur however, and it is 
not uncommon to acquire new HPV infections 
of a different type. In some women, probably 
around 20 to 30%, the infection persists, and 
it may do so for years. The longer the infection 
persists the greater the risk of subsequent 
While this page is for cervical cancer screening, it makes a great point.  HPV is not for life (usually).  Your body will generally fight it off, and make you immune to that strain, within months - a few years.  However, it sometimes is not completely removed, and instead goes into a dormant state (though, sometimes it is destroyed completely).
This gives you virtual immunity to that strain of HPV, and can also provide resistance\immunity to some other strains, but not all.  It is certainly possible to have different strains of HPV throughout your life (maybe even multiple strains at the same time?  Not sure on that...but seems likely)
@_date: 2014-05-11 00:04:29
Yeah.  Beyond that, the point of this is that beyond shady dealings that are part of the "Black Market", the need for remittance is very real, and can apply to anyone sending money across borders.  The reason that many examples are of people who are doing shady things is simply because they are the ones who have the greatest need, and they also tend to be rather resourceful.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:38:28
If he is working with a huge group of investors that are about to drop a lot of capital into the market, then he actually may know with some level of certainty.  Some of his previous comments seem to hint at that.
@_date: 2014-06-08 18:31:39
The voting is being conducted on the Bitcointalk forums, for greater exposure to the community.  The link is at the end of the post above:  
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:56:03
Dozens, yes...but I do not think it is in the hundreds (unless you count the contributor / opinion areas that some of the big online news websites have).
Even so, just because something appeared in the news does not automatically make people aware of it, or pay attention to it.  That being said, many people that have heard of Bitcoin, but don't really understand what it is / how it works, only know of it because of those mentions. From what I've been able to gather, most either received misleading information or dismissed it immediately.  
I know that I instantly dismissed Bitcoin the first time I heard about it.  I actually had ~60 BTC sitting on my computer for over a year after that because I was introduced to it by a friend paying me back for a small loan with Bitcoin.  Unfortunately, I was busy with other things at that time, and didn't take the time to read into it.  I just trusted him when he said that it could be exchanged for USD. 
It wasn't until the following year that we spoke about it again and he went into more detail about what Bitcoin actually was.  Once I knew the basic idea, I wanted to learn more, and started reading everything I could find.
@_date: 2014-10-20 04:09:04
That is not 100% true.  Multi-sig wallets allow BTC to be owned by more than one person, and debt-based derivatives could be easily created.
Banking, debt, and all of the nastiness that goes along with it will continue.  Bitcoin just provides a way to limit it, keep it somewhat in check, and gives individuals the CHOICE to personally secure their own funds.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:32:13
Have you been paying attention to what the current banking system, and governments around the world, have been doing?  He is spot on.
@_date: 2014-09-04 00:25:22
Hah, yeah, sorry...I haven't watched that cartoon since I was ~6 years old, and I had a bit of a neural misfire when spelling that (that is how I would have written it at 6).
I know Scrooge McDuck was around well before DuckTales (it actually has no space in the name!).  However, as it aired in 1987, I would guess that the vast majority of the people that regularly use this subreddit had their first impression of the character while watching that show.
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:39:50
Well, if you think so highly of them, and know that they would not be a company to pay for publishing, then why are your people attacking us?
Obviously both  and  are working for coinfire or are friends of yours.
I know it can be tempting to use attack tactics against those you may perceive to be competition, but it is really unnecessary.  We in the digital currency community should be working together, and building more and more infrastructure beneath Bitcoin and other digital currencies.
Mud slinging helps no one.
@_date: 2014-09-07 01:10:16
Exactly my point.  In fact, I said almost the exact same thing in the article.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:08:05
Heh, pick one of the methods I mentioned, and it could be as soon as tonight :p (especially if you have some cash to spend on a credit/debit card, or something you could sell).
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:48:32
"start his own ~~nation~~ empire"
Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:14:51
It pays out in Bitcoin only.  Mines Scrypt, converts the coins to BTC to payout.
@_date: 2014-07-30 04:19:27
You know, that is very true.  As the old adage goes,"Necessity is the mother of invention."
@_date: 2014-07-08 23:48:53
Oh, that is awesome.  I'll show that to Sean.  Maybe he would like to add a bit to this :p
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:23:31
No, it is nothing related to the Bitcoin network, the number of coins, mining, etc. at all.
It is economic\marketing term, and is related to a rapid increase in adoption due to a large % of social groups having already adopted it.
For example, if you are in a group of 20 people, and there is 1 person who owns, and really loves, some product, that 1 person does not really have influence over the group.  It isn't likely that he will convince others to use that product, or even talk about it.
However, if you are in a group of 20 people, and 5 or 6 of those people own a product, and really love it, there is a much higher chance that they will talk about it.  Beyond that, because quite a few of your friends are talking the product up, you are very likely to check it out, and have a positive reaction to it.
If you want to read more on it, check out investopedia, or the wiki:
@_date: 2014-08-26 18:10:56
The fact that there is an open market for "tokens", as you put it, allows one to create structures that create their own "tokens" that can then be exchanged for others.
Right now, most of the focus is on creating altcoins that may or may not have any valid advantage over Bitcoin.  
However, if "tokens" were created \ awarded in a manner that was rewarding work for producing other useful products (physical or digital), and it was a requirement to purchase these services with said "tokens", then those "tokens" would inherently have the value necessary to cover the cost of the products and labor.
That being said, shares or coins (or both), depending on the situation, would be much more appropriate than "token".
@_date: 2014-08-07 04:39:55
Downvoting means that less will know about it.  Moronic or not, people should know this is happening, and how it is happening.
@_date: 2014-03-16 21:20:34
Yep, Reddcoin will be able to do things with tipping that are not very easy with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is a bit too slow on confirmations, and has transaction fees that are too high to make it feasible for lots of small amounts. 
@_date: 2014-09-02 06:00:29
Evan added it that way himself.  That word may make a big difference, technically, but it really means little to me.  As one of the co-founders of Coin Brief, I agree with Evan, but have not asked my partner what he thinks.  I'll have it updated to add the "necessarily" :p
@_date: 2014-05-06 04:58:57
The program itself isn't intrinsic value, because it can be easily replicated (open source).  The other points, such as first-mover, brand recognition, and hashing power (somewhat) are all subjective.  At least, the value of those is subjective.
The point is, "intrinsic value" is subjective, but subjective value is very real.  That is why Bitcoin cannot be replicated, or replaced, very easily, and it doesn't need to be backed by anything.  Even if it was backed by stocks, stocks are valued for subjective reasons.  Money itself is only an idea.
However, there is one potential candidate for replacement (in my opinion).  Ethereum has some really ambitious goals.  If they are successful, I'm not sure what will happen.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:05:17
Yes, you are right.  I actually just removed that comment from the article.  Removing it fits better with my original intentions of presenting a raw transcript for the community to dissect.
Thank you for the feedback.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:03:05
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:15:19
I would expect it to be Harvard actually.  Harvard is the other highly innovative ivy league school, and actually partners with MIT for many of the cool things they do.   is one example that came from MIT and Harvard working together.
The Harvard CS50 course on edX is outstanding for anyone that wants to learn to program, but has no idea where to begin (and can be followed up with some of the MIT ones, which delve into more specialized\advanced concepts).
@_date: 2014-07-06 05:21:52
Hah, yeah.  So far, Evan has been right more often than every government agency + bank in the world combined :p
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:52:22
Yeah, of course.  I am not the author of this article, but it did not state that there was no value in analyzing the trends in price.  Rather that the numbers alone do not confirm anything in relation to Bitcoin's true value, or what will happen in the future.  Market analysis can only give you general probabilities at best.  
Of course, you can make a lot of money trading on probabilities.  As long as you are right more often than wrong, you should come out on top in the long run.
@_date: 2014-05-21 02:26:14
The article isn't saying that the value of Bitcoin does not matter.  It is saying that the value of Bitcoin, in terms of USD, means very little in the long-term.
Bitcoin's value is based on adoption rate, how many people are using, and what % of their expenditures are in Bitcoin (or, really, digital currency in general)
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:27:10
Oh, I agree completely.  However, official projects undertaken by the institutions often lead the students to pursue their own projects in the same area.
@_date: 2014-05-02 23:49:17
Mark Karpeles is a sad story.  I am pretty convinced that he has Asperger's, or something similar, and likely other issues too.
Of course, that isn't an excuse for what he did, but still...
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:37:15
The network effect generally comes into effect, or becomes much more influential, once a product\service has reached critical mass.  At least, that is my understanding.
I don't think Bitcoin has quite hit that point yet.
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:29:42
Exactly as they said, and you should also double check every time you send.  I generally copy \ paste addresses and double check that the first few and last few characters are accurate, and then double check that it is also the wallet I actually want to send coins to.
That mistake I made before was in 2013.  I send bitcoins, and other cryptocurrencies, daily, and have not made a mistake like that again.
@_date: 2014-12-11 02:37:54
As the founder of Coin Brief, I am confused by this.  Why do you feel that way?  People who are involved with digital currency are far more likely to actually understand what is going on.  When someone from the community creates a news website, "Coin" or "Crypto" are basically the only choices, as nothing else really fits well.  
Of course, one could choose to use "Bit", "BTC", or "Bitcoin" in the url, but that is very limiting.  Bitcoin is the reigning champ, but it is not the only exciting thing happening in the space.
Seriously, the more broad tech / financial websites coverage of Bitcoin, or other digital currencies, is generally very lacking.  More often than not, the authors do not understand the subject well enough to write about it accurately.
Though, as I think about this, I have had an idea that would be more broad, and fit better with the ever evolving world of decentralized systems.  Maybe we will start a sister site :p
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:02:27
GAW Miners did not pay us anything to publish this.
Edit: The only thing GAW has purchased from us is a banner ad, at a standard rate.  That same rate is available for any digital currency company that would like to advertise on Coin Brief, and it does not include any published content.  
They have never paid for content, nor for publishing press releases.  In fact, at this time we do not even have an affiliate account with GAW, though we are considering creating one, as we do cover them quite often.  
In my experience, they have been the most straightforward, honest, and professional company in the digital currency mining industry.  It is that alone that has earned our respect and willingness to publish their Press Releases.
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:54:49
Where did the article state that OpenBazaar was server based?  The only mention of OpenBazaar that I see is this:


@_date: 2014-11-02 07:15:51
I in no way said that I support what GAW is doing, nor am I biased in their favor.  I refer you to my comment in the Bitcoin Mining subreddit:  
I don't know what GAW is doing, and, yes, we used referral links, but I am not suggesting that anyone should buy into this.  This is just my analysis of what is going on, and I am actually a bit concerned about it.
@_date: 2014-07-06 02:17:43
Very true.  Market analysis is always rooted, ultimately, in opinion.  Read some of Evan's other articles, and he says that exact thing over and over :p
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:23:31
I an so excited.  Ebay would open the floodgates.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:59:10
Welcome to the future of currency :D
Bitcoin can be a little overwhelming at first, but once you get into it, it really is quite simple.  Well, I take that back, the ideas, math, and functioning of the Bitcoin protocol are all incredibly complex, but using Bitcoin is really easy.
This may help you get started:  
If you are still confused, feel free to message me directly with whatever question you have.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:44:36
The companies working as MSBs are in a position where they have no choice but to comply with regulations at the moment, or else risk jail time / huge fines.
I expect these issues to be temporary in the long run.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:22:50
I prefer Cryptocurrency or Crypto Currency myself, but that intimidates some newcomers.  Digital currency is more palatable to the average person.
@_date: 2014-08-27 18:02:28
Well, I had over 100 bitcoins at one time! Sadly, that is no longer the case.  However, if I did have 100 BTC, I wouldn't for long.  I would keep 50-60 in BTC, and the rest would be split between a few promising altcoins \ crypto 2.0 systems, and a bit would go into gold.
After that, the remaining BTC would be partially stored on an exchange, for trading, and partially stored in an encrypted cold storage wallet, as well as a "special" cold wallet that I have been wanting to make (private key engraved in a stainless steel plate, and stored in a very secure location...for LONG term storage).
@_date: 2014-10-10 23:54:49
You should certainly get permission to do something like that before you take it upon yourself to do.
You can contact the creators of the documentary here:
The distribution company can be contacted here:
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:11:24
The internet, in it's current form, is more easily regulated that Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-26 07:57:26
Well, read his other articles, and you would see that he knows, and states, that he isn't always right.  No one is.  In fact, he did an entire series about that exact topic.
@_date: 2014-09-02 17:02:00
From Wikipedia,"In 1904, Standard controlled 91 percent of production and 85 percent of final sales."
Then, later, talking about the antitrust suit,"**Due to competition from other firms**, their market share had gradually eroded to 70 percent by 1906 which was the year when the antitrust case was filed against Standard, and down to 64 percent by 1911 when Standard was ordered broken up and at least 147 refining companies were competing with Standard including Gulf, Texaco, and Shell."
Bold added by me for emphasis.  By the time an anti-trust suit was being brought against them, they were already losing significant market share.  In fact, their competitors doubled (or more) their own market share between 1904 and 1906.
Monopolies are only temporary, and competition will arise.  The original monopoly that standard oil enjoyed as not due to incredible business savvy (though, that was a big part of it's success), but due to deals made with the federal, and various state governments.  They had almost complete control of all the oil pipelines, huge control of the rail lines, etc., some of which was due to deals with private companies, but much of it was in a way that would not be possible if they were not being given that control by the government.  THAT lead to their monopoly, and the erosion of their control BEFORE the anti-trust suit was actually due to many states realizing this and allowing competition.  For a long time, the states actively BLOCKED competition for them.
A monopoly has two legs.  One is a giant corporation (or group of corporations) and the other is a government to keep it stable.  Without the government support, a monopoly can never truly remain on top.  Companies can grow large, and start to get close, but that makes them inefficient and cumbersome. Small, agile competitors will always spring up and eat away at their market share until they collapse (or at least get significantly smaller).
@_date: 2014-10-10 23:46:34
Yeah, Erik is one of the best spokesmen that Bitcoin has.  He did an interview with one of our journalists a while back, and I was very impressed with his personality.  He comes across as an intelligent, genuine person.
Actually, I've watched quite a few of his videos now, and they are all great.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:06:57
I disagree with you that Bitcoin offers little to the consumer beyond what traditional payment networks provide, but that is a different argument entirely.  The point is, it does not matter how much utility it has if people don't even know what it is.  The usefulness is going to depend on the individual.
Almost every person that I know that knows about Bitcoin (other than people I met in the community) only know about it because of me.  I only know about it because a friend of mine talked to me about it, and it piqued my interest.  Had he not told me, then I wouldn't have told my parents or my brother, and they would never have gotten involved.  I would have not talked to various people that, either directly or indirectly, became involved.
@_date: 2014-12-11 18:01:23
Well, the one that gave the 5-10 year estimate is actually a mod of the xbox subreddit :p
(not that that really makes him more than a random gamer...but he is pretty serious about his xbox one!)
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:32:53
Certainly.  I don't expect Bitcoin to make me rich, but I do expect to make a lot of money.
I won't do that by speculating on Bitcoin, but rather by building a business (or businesses).  I didn't get into Bitcoin until late 2012...although, I actually received some BTC in 2011, and it sat on my PC for over a year without being even looked into.  That being said, I started my first successful business in 2008, when I was 21.
If Bitcoin's price were to flatline, or only start to mirror inflation (aka, go up at the rate that other currencies are being artificially inflated), then that would be fine.  It wouldn't change the prospects of making me wealthy.
However, as it stands, I think that Bitcoin's price will likely go up, and I will probably increase my wealth at least somewhat that way.  
Will it make me wealthy automatically?  
No...not unless it reaches the insane estimates that some people have thrown out there ($100,000+ per BTC).  I really don't think it will get even close to that.
@_date: 2014-10-20 04:01:58
I didn't write this article.  However, I do agree that Gavin's economic reasoning behind increasing the block size is not logical, and is unlikely to have the desired effect.
That being said, I think the block size MUST be increased, and really, it would be best if there was not a limit in place.  If Bitcoin hits mainstream, the number of transactions that could potentially happen in any 10 minute period is unknown.  
Instead of a limit on block size, finding another solution to the potential "DDOS" of miniscule transaction spam would be better.
@_date: 2014-06-07 20:58:26
It is because of the benefit the blockchain provides over previous systems.  The way it allows the verification, and permanent recording, of transactions is far beyond anything before it.
It isn't just about the public/private key aspect of Bitcoin.
Edit:  I am referring to decentralized systems specifically.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:34:01
Hey, I like that term.  I may borrow that from you :p
@_date: 2014-06-06 04:04:59
Not unless you own a high end bank.
@_date: 2014-06-01 19:48:37
It was a busy weekend.
@_date: 2014-05-05 22:28:11
That is true, but the blockchain can easily be used in other systems.  It isn't exclusive to Bitcoin.  Though, I would agree that the hashing power has worth.
The point is Bitcoin should not need any intrinsic value anyway, because intrinsic value is subjective.
@_date: 2014-07-13 20:41:10
Big Macs and Oil don't rise thousands of percentage points per year.
Though, I would actually say that you could consider oil a commodity\currency hybrid in a way that is similar to gold.
@_date: 2014-07-19 22:16:29
You are correct.  Most companies that will be working with a "BitLicense" are also setup to handle this in a way that would make their profit 0.  That is either by directly distributing the profit as dividends to the owners, or using a holding company that will receive the profit, but not need a BitLicense itself.
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:50:32
Well, I don't think Evan would disagree with you.  He is quite bullish on Bitcoin.
Maybe you misunderstand the point of the article.  It more about people claiming to know when a "bubble" is going to happen, or is happening, which is really unknowable for the most part.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:14:18
Instant transmission of funds without the need to enter personal details is a compelling reason for many, many people.  All of the high profile hacks that have resulted in private information being leaked, as well as the issues with the banking sector in ~2008+, are making it more and more appealing to people to have a bit more control over their information and funds.
That alone may not convince the majority of the general public to get involved, but as I mentioned already, the focus should be on people in their 20s and 30s.
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:10:33
Is the documentary available on Netflix?  If so, that will be huge.  If not, they should try to get it added!
@_date: 2015-01-27 20:07:26
I think they were calling out the media reports that listed Coinbase as "licensed and regulated" in California, more so than Coinbase.  Just clarifying that, no, Coinbase is not "licensed and regulated" as a Bitcoin Exchange in California, because California has yet to decide on which regulations apply to Bitcoin.
It is kinda like how so many media outlets are claiming that Coinbase is the "first" licensed Bitcoin exchange in the US, when that isn't true either.  Some are licensed in MORE states than Coinbase.
Coinbase is claiming to be the first "regulated" Bitcoin exchange in the US.  However, it is hard to really define what is meant by "regulated" here.
@_date: 2015-01-27 23:53:50
Thanks :p
Though, I really should have written "Neither of them are lying".  I don't usually proofread my comments.
@_date: 2015-01-20 22:06:44
Honestly, we run ads for GAW.  However, they are prepaid impressions, not PPC, so we can't exactly pull them without a legitimate reason (and there is no solid proof of wrongdoing.  Deleting posts, and failing to meet certain goals isn't enough).
I've not made a public judgement for or against GAW, though I am **[VERY against Paycoin]( (it is a brilliant/horrible idea, and could be dangerous if exploited).  I feel like it would be unethical for me to do so, as I can't condemn the company based on what is available at this time.
Still, the truth must come out.  Any information that any journalist or news site has about GAW should be brought to light, and they certainly should not be calling for anyone to use legal action to silence others.
Edit:  Btw, it isn't a problem with ad supported news in general.  Advertisements alone are fine, as long as they are clearly advertisements.  The problem is when news organizations, or individual writers, write articles to support a company, product, etc. for direct payment, or simply because they have a vested interest.  That, sadly, has a much bigger impact than any ad ever could, and is much harder to prove.
@_date: 2015-01-26 04:36:01
I think there was an incomplete thought there that should probably be corrected.  I'll ask about that one as well.
And yes, we try to make it clear when an article isn't written by us.  When we had the Coin Rep program only, it wasn't always as clear, and that was part of the feedback users gave us on how to improve it.
Then, any true press releases that we agree to publish are always labeled as a press release.
We are firmly against "articles for payment" or advertising disguised as objective reporting.
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:15:59
It is quite worth it for many people.
I don't mine anymore, because I live in a hot part of the US, and don't have any good places to setup miners...however, I know many people who are not only mining, profitably, but are stocking up on more and more machines.
That said, Bitcoin mining is only profitable if you are willing to do the work required to optimize your efficiency.
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:28:07
^ Trucoin can legally operate in 25+ states, afaik. They are just more focused on building up to full coverage of the US (and expanding beyond) than advertising, or operating in states in which they are not authorized, than some other organizations.
Coinbase has had a lot of capital invested in it, but they are actually behind the curve in some ways.  Of course, that money will certainly help them catch up...
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:38:22
Says who?  Anyone with that level of understanding of mathematics can code...at least in a way. I would venture that he could write working programs directly in binary.
This topic isn't really relevant to but I find it fascinating nonetheless.  I now want to try to read some of his paper, and see how quickly I get completely lost.
@_date: 2014-12-11 16:59:06
This is true, in a way, but the same can be applied to other media outlets.  
Tech-focused media outlets have a vested interest in the tech explosion / bubble (however you look at it) continuing, as a large number of them will go out of business if it is a true bubble, and pops.  That is what happened after the dot com bubble popped.  There were many successful tech/internet focused media websites that went under due to their userbase shrinking.
Or, look at it in another way.  Any US News website that is owned by individuals that do not use Bitcoin, and who's authors do not own Bitcoin, likely have a vested interest in USD doing well.  Does that negate their legitimacy when covering currency exchange markets, international events, the Federal reserve, politics, or anything else that could potentially have a negative impact on the strength of the US Dollar?
In reality, not all of the "Coin" or "Bit" websites are even completely concerned with the success of Bitcoin.  I can say that, because as one of the founders of Coin Brief, and the editor, it does not matter to me.  I think Bitcoin is the most likely digital currency to succeed, and I can see how revolutionary the blockchain is.  However, if Bitcoin fails, it will be replaced by something else, and that is ok with me.  
Bitcoin itself is not the point of the movement that Satoshi started.  It is about decentralization and the potential of the blockchain (for currencies, and for other applications).  Just as Bitcoin continued to thrive and grow without Satoshi, the industry being built around the blockchain (or blockchains) would continue to thrive and grow without Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-25 17:53:25
I was contacted by Richard Myers, who is in charge of communications for Bitsquare, a while back.  Set them up with a "Representative" account, but it seems they wanted to wait until Lighthouse was ready to put out a release.
From what I can tell, this project has a lot of potential, and a solid team behind it.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:01:48
No, advertising something that you know to be a scam makes you culpable.  GAW was not obviously a scam when we sold the ad impressions, and no matter what the community thinks, there is no solid evidence that they are.  I've been asking for some time now for SOMEONE to send me solid evidence of their guilt, but so far I've only received hearsay, unsubstantiated claims, random accusations, and a few "shady" business practices that aren't illegal or even necessarily "wrong".  If you have solid evidence, by all means, please send it to me at dustin
Would we sell more adspace to them now?  No, not until all of the facts are available.  However, the prepaid impressions must remain.  We do not profit at all from people clicking on these ads, as the space was purchased upfront.
Until this is proven beyond a reasonable doubt, we must honor our agreement. Conjecture and theories are not proof.  There are legitimate explanations that could explain everything about GAW, without GAW being a scam at all...in fact, in my Paycoin article, I pretty much outlined what I think is happening if they are not legit.
To be perfectly honest, if they are not a scam, and end up being exactly what I outlined as a possibility, then it would end up being worse IMO.  At least a scam would eventually collapse, and only be temporary.  The damage a successful Paycoin could do is much longer term.
Still, again, even if I wanted to remove the ads, I truly cannot until 1 of 3 things happen.  
1:  All of the impressions are served.
2:  GAW is truly revealed as a scam, either by undeniable proof, or by their collapse.
3:  We sell enough other adspace to buy out their remaining impressions.
Contrary to what many in the community seem to believe, running a crypto-related news site is not a profitable enterprise.  At least, it isn't very profitable if you refuse to write positive articles for companies for payment, or publish unlabeled PR / advertising.  
Coin Brief has never made profit in any way.  We have revenue, but it is nowhere near enough to cover our costs. The difference has been made up from the pockets of the owners (myself and my partner).
@_date: 2015-01-05 08:32:59
I understand this.  It is important enough to be spammed across the subreddit.
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:17:23
Of course.  There is not a "one size fits all" answer for this question.  However, now that ASICs have stopped having huge jumps in efficiency, it is possible to do the math without worrying about a new generation of ASICs pushing difficulty up to 10x it's current level every 6 months (or less).
A very large portion of the community actually CAN mine BTC efficiently now.  However, local power costs, temperature, and other factors will influence that, as well as the individuals willingness/understanding of how to modify the mining software to make it efficient in their situation.
I can't mine bitcoins efficiently.  I have low enough power costs, but it is too hot, for most of the year, where I live...then again, I live in one of the hottest regions of the US.  I know people in cooler regions that are mining right now, and doing quite well.
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:09:21
So, news sites are in the business of judging businesses without evidence?
No, there were enough things happening last year for questions to be asked, but that was about it.  In fact, I wrote on what I thought was going on with GAW (I was wrong), and even posted a raw transcript of an interview with Josh Garza, without giving my opinion.
A news site leaves it up to their readers to make their own decisions, and present the facts to help them make that decision.  Advertisements on the internet, especially banner / sidebar ads, are just that...paid advertisements.  We use adsense as well, and even if we hadn't sold impressions to GAW, they could still show up via adsense.
@_date: 2015-01-06 06:03:51
Inflation is not always bad.  The value and supply of all currencies ebb and flow, and they did so before the Fed existed.
What the Fed does is keep that steady 2-4% interest per year, which feels small...but do the math on how that works out when you compound it over 70+ years.  Compound inflation is one of the most, if not the most, powerful financial/economic tool in the world.
@_date: 2015-01-20 22:29:55
Bitcoin with an arbitrarily limited number of tx/s is not a viable payment system.
Lets say, hypothetically, that the number of transactions grew large enough that the average tx fee became ~0.01 BTC.  At current Bitcoin prices, that would be over $2 per transaction, and in most day to day situations would be more expensive than traditional payment methods.  Realistically, that would end up either driving the BTC price down, or result in Bitcoin being replaced by another payment system without such limits.
However, if there were 140 tx/s at the current 0.0001 default transaction fee, the miners would receive 0.014 BTC/s in fees.  Sure, it wouldn't be the 0.07 from the previous situation, but Bitcoin would have the ability to serious grow into a real payment system, and Bitcoin's value is likely to follow that growth.
The only limit to number of transactions per second should, truly, be the processing power of the network.  As long as the Bitcoin network can handle it, then it should.  If miners are not making enough money, then the ones with the highest overhead (electricity, storage space, or whatever else) will turn their machines off.  This will result in the remaining miners getting a larger portion of the fees, and keep them at least slightly profitable.
The market as a whole will make much better decisions about what a transaction is worth than any individual, or group, can.  Arbitrary restrictions are nothing more than market manipulation, and could ruin Bitcoin as a whole.
Edit:  Imagine the Bitcoin network running at Visa's rate of 47,000 tx/s.  With 0.0001 BTC as a transaction fee, the miners would be capturing 4.7 BTC PER SECOND in fees.  Of course, that is extremely unlikely, because in that situation, the value of a single bitcoin would likely be much, much greater, and thus the "default/suggested" transaction fee we have today would no longer be applicable.
@_date: 2015-01-17 02:48:37
Truly, if you know what is going to happen, you would sell at every peak and buy at every bottom.  Sell at the early 2013 peak ~$200, buy again when it drops to ~$50.
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:27:32
Datacenter calculations are not relevant to mining BTC at home.  In a datacenter, cooling systems need to be used to keep machines from overheating.
Individuals are going to need to heat their home in the winter at least (or for larger portions of the year in many areas).  Any heat produced by a mining machine is heat that does not need to be produced by a central heating system.
Datacenters are often more efficient for standard computing needs, such as running a webserver.  That doesn't mean they are more efficient for Bitcoin mining.  There are many ways to use Bitcoin mining machines that can give you an edge over the big mining companies...at least until a company sets up a wind-powered datacenter in Antarctica.  Fortunately, I don't foresee that happening anytime soon.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:04:00
Not exactly true.  If miners turn off their machines, and network hashrate drops, then fewer BTC will be produced until difficulty retargets.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:11:20
Yeah, I understand the Hashlet craziness, but those were sold more as a "mining derivative" than as actual miners.  Very early on they stated that purchasing a Hashlet wasn't actually purchasing mining power, but the "equivalent" of whatever amount of mining power.
The issue there is this:  How were they paying for this?  It doesn't actually have to be a Ponzi for them to cover the costs associated with doing that, if they have deep enough pockets.  They were, effectively, purchasing a fanatical fanbase, which could be worth paying for any longterm losses associated with Hashlet sales.
Or, it truly could all be a scam.  I really don't know.  We aren't selling them MORE advertising space.  They just have prepaid impressions that have not been used up at this time, and we cannot legally remove them without proof that they are doing something truly illegal.
Another question is whether the sale of Hashlets was legal to begin with.  The Coinfire article about the SEC also is lacking in proof, but it does make sense.  I could see the SEC going after them for the Hashlets, as the fact that they were NOT actual mining power, but a "derivative" or some other sort of security, would put them directly in the SECs jurisdiction.  However, what was going on behind the scenes will determine if they had the legal ability to do that.
I do completely agree with you about Paycoin being much bigger than most people seem to realize.  Seriously, read my article about it.  It has the potential to be much scarier if it is not a scam, and is successful.
@_date: 2015-01-17 07:32:41
It takes all of two minutes to use Bitcoinwisdom to find the top price.  However, I agree that could be viewed as a bit petty.  That really wasn't a big deal compared to the rest of his points, which were all completely inaccurate.
@_date: 2015-01-25 23:28:07
Considering Bitpay doesn't charge a fee, someone could setup a bot to do this often, and make a considerable amount.
That being said, I assume they have systems in place to prevent this from being abused.
@_date: 2015-01-20 19:11:05
Jesus Christ, I just can't understand this.  Coin Fire is getting a lot of traffic from their GAW posts, and if it ends up being a case where they have been falsely attacking GAW, then that will be settled later.
However, as it stands, there is no evidence to show that Coin Fire has published anything false.
As the owner of [Coin Brief]( I cannot believe what the "journalist" from CCN is doing.  This is the opposite of his job.  Instead of telling GAW to sue, he should be investigating the information that [Coin Fire]( is releasing, and gathering evidence, to see what is truly happening.
If GAW ends up being cleared of any wrongdoing, so be it.  If Coin Fire is right, and GAW ends up not just being investigated, but charged, by the SEC, then ok.  The important thing is that the truth comes out, one way or another.
It isn't libel to post factual information.  It is only libel if the information published is fabricated, or if factual information has false claims added to it.
Edit:  Btw, does anyone have confirmation that this guy actually writes for CCN/Hacked?  Maybe a reference to a comment he made on Hashtalk, or a similar statement, in a comment on CCN or Hacked using the account tied to his articles?  I'm trying to find something like this atm.
Edit 2:  I have been unable to find positive proof (like a comment from his CCN account mentioning one of his posts on Hashtalk).  
However, I did find two articles written by Neal Rauhauser on CCN that seem to be supporting GAW and Coin-Swap (the exchange that GAW purchased):   and  as well as a comment offering suggestions for coin-swap on Hashtalk:   (plus a few references to his CCN articles, but that doesn't really help if it turned out to be someone posing as Neal)
Then there is a Hashtalk post by nrauhauser about Zero Customer Knowledge VPNs:   which references Neal Rauhauser's CCN article on that subject:  and is promoting the same VPN that he seems to favor in the article.
So, it is likely the same person in both cases.  Not conclusive proof, but compelling nonetheless.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:14:52
Licensing is the hard part, and that is the big thing that Coinbase is claiming.  Coinbase is licensed in fewer states than CoinX, and I believe Coinbase is only capable of legally operating in 24 states (correct me if that figure is wrong).
Really, I think the issue here is just money.  CoinX is focused on getting the licensing taken care of, as that is a huge drain on funds, and launching a full exchange is extremely expensive.
They are then partnering with other companies, such as Trucoin, to offer services...but cannot just throw money to make everything come together faster.
Coinbase is NOT the first licensed exchange in the US, no matter what they claim.  However, they are the first licensed exchange with the userbase / funds to move forward quickly.
Now, we will see what happens.  Coinbase's monetary advantage, and userbase, give them a leg up, but they haven't "won" yet.  Don't count the other payment processors, and licensed MSBs, out just yet.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:57:38
Well, Bitpay is a large company with a lot of supporters, and he is right about the work they have done to help the Bitcoin community.
It isn't fair to say "Bitpay is a good company it is sad to see them do this."  It is highly unlikely that Bitpay asked this person to post this on Reddit.  Looking at bitscavenger's history on Reddit, this is the first time he has even mentioned "Bitpay" in 10 months:
  
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:36:05
That one can be written either way and be correct :D
Are sounds better, and is more commonly used today.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:31:31
In all honesty, the bet should offer to pay the author of the Forbes article in USD.  For example:
If BTC reaches $1,000 before $100, then the author of the Forbes article, Mr. Gerber, must purchase 100 BTC to pay to Mr. Hahn.  If BTC drops below $100 before reaching $1000, then Mr. Hahn must instantly cash out enough BTC to pay Mr. Gerber $10,000 USD.
If Mr. Gerber has enough confidence that BTC will drop below $100 soon (or at least before it hits $1,000), then this is a good bet to take...at least, if he can afford to take the chance of being wrong.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:09:41
Ofimmsl, I really think it depends on how the cloud mining power is sold.  If it is being sold as strictly hosted hardware, then it is probably not a securities violation.  It is no different than buying hardware and having it hosted in a datacenter, alongside others doing the same.
I think that GAW's issue is that they did NOT do it that way.  Their Hashlets paid out as if they were mining at a certain hashrate, without actually needing to have any specific hardware mining at that hashrate.
I could be wrong, but I believe that most of the cloud mining companies will be ok.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:49:43
Neither are lying.
Every state has it's own laws on how MSBs must be registered, and/or licensed.  California hasn't decided to include Bitcoin in it's regulations yet, and thus Bitcoin exchanges are not regulated.  Coinbase is likely registered as a MSB in California, and possibly has a MTL, which is the likely requirement if California does decide to regulate it.
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:15:07
How so?  CoinX offers a full exchange, which launched in December:  
It is only lacking users, but the product is there.
Also, they are partnered with Trucoin, which allows Trucoin to accept Debit / Credit Cards in exchange for BTC:  
Coinbase, which obviously is the biggest, does offer a full exchange with significantly more users.  However, they are running into issues with regulators / licensing.
@_date: 2015-01-05 08:49:31
I apologize if you do not like that we have advertisements for GAW.  They were paid for upfront, and impression based, so we make nothing extra for each view or click on the ad.
Unless wrongdoing is proven, we cannot just remove them.  They must remain as long as the purchased impressions have not been exhausted.
I put out a call for anyone in the community to send me proof of wrongdoing by GAW over a month ago, and have not received a single email (other than angry emails with no evidence).
So please, if you have information that I do not, send it to contact
Edit:  That said, I do have an article that I will be publishing about some of the recent events involving GAW.  It isn't conclusive evidence of anything illegal, but I'm disappointed in some recent events involving GAW for sure...and running ads for them does not bar me from stating facts that have been brought to light.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:23:36
Actually, the explanation for Paycoin and why it could outcompete Bitcoin are on the 2nd page, not 3rd.  The 3rd is just presenting some criticism of GAW, and proof provided for that (along with GAW's responses), followed by my final thoughts.
Realistically, it doesn't matter what GAW has done thus far, because the way Paycoin is designed, along with at least one high ranking investment banker behind them, means that it very well could succeed.  
GAW very well could have started as a scam, and end up creating a cryptocurrency that covers that up, and makes their customers money, (and if that happens, who would ever know?) but also creates a distorted crypto that can be manipulated by those with wealth/power.  Or it could have started legit, and became a scam.  Or it could have been legit all the time, or a scam all the time.  It is impossible to know right now, because the only proof is very loose at the moment.  You can absolutely prove that they have changed statements, but not the reasoning.  You can prove that Paycoins were sold from the premine on PayBase, but no one has proven/disproven whether they also purchase the same amount from the market.  You can prove that they are staking at a rate of 350%, by aggregating and compounding their Primes together, but if their customers are benefitting from that 350% rate, then they are making a lot of money right now...
I don't know what to think about the scam part of GAW.  I am torn, because of the Paycoin design and Stuart Fraser's support.  Still, like I said, it doesn't really matter.  Paycoin being a scam would, in my opinion, be better than it being "Bankcoin".
Don't think for a second that large financial institutions are not already looking for a way to use the blockchain, and cryptocurrency, in a way that benefits them, and strips away the benefits that Bitcoin gives back to individuals.  There are examples of research, statements, and attempted patents all over the place to show this.
Paycoin, with a few tweaks, would be perfect for a banking system similar to the current one, but with the Federal Reserve replaced by the core network's code.  More efficient, more controllable, and extremely expandable.
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:26:53
I wrote about this yesterday:  
The issue, from what I can see, is that not enough people even know what Bitcoin is.  In fact, most people seem to think that digital currency is currency in online games.
Want to see the price of Bitcoin go up, the community grow, and more people interested?  Then go out, meet new people, and explain it to them in a way that they can understand without being extremely tech savvy.  If everyone in the community could convince 1 person today to try out Bitcoin, then the size of the community would double overnight.
I know a lot of us have already convinced the people we know that Bitcoin is worth paying attention to, and have gotten them involved, but this should be a daily goal for everyone that is a supporter of digital currency (Bitcoin or otherwise).  You don't have to shove it down people's throats, but find a way to bring it up in conversation, add new people you meet on Facebook (or other social media) and send them a message there with information about it (if they had any interest at all).
As much as I hate it when people try to "sell me" on anything, it is a necessary evil at the moment.  The early adopters are already here, but the masses will need convincing. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:04:50
They are pretty good at picking up on ideas with a lot of potential really early.  That, actually, is a rare talent.  Combine that with money, and there is a lot of potential here.
I mean, I could be wrong, but I believe that they personally have more money than Coinbase has managed to raise in investments...plus they bought something like $10 million in BTC when the price was much, much lower than it is now.
My prediction:  Gemini and the ETF will come out, and be handled extremely well.  Sure, they are building hype around it, and it seems to be taking a long time to be released, but that just makes me think that they are trying to do it right.  Building a basic exchange really doesn't take much time or money...
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:53:03
Yeah, once all the parts are done, it will be mainly listed as the ABCs of BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-28 18:36:12
You are technically correct, but the use of a plural is also acceptable when "neither" is followed by "of"
Then again, I am not a purist.
@_date: 2015-01-22 05:28:44
Innocent?  Please...advertising spots are a requirement for news and information websites to function, unless you would prefer all content to require a paid subscription, be mostly automatic aggregation, or only be produced by those wealthy enough to pump a steady stream of capital into it (and, in those cases, the individuals in charge likely have other projects/investments that could become a conflict of interest).
We would never sell ad slots to a company that is known to be illegitimate.  We also would never publish unlabeled press release, nor would we write articles for payment.
That said, in cryptocurrency, if one were to limit advertising sales to only well known, trusted companies, then it would be almost impossible to sell advertising at all.  The most well known companies are focused on advertising OUTSIDE of the crypto world at this point, and even companies that were thought to be legitimate have turned out bad.  Mt. Gox, BFL, and Mintpal/Moolah are 3 examples that come to mind, but they are far from the only ones.
I know that much of the community has already made their judgement about GAW, but there is very little evidence that they have truly did anything wrong.  Have they made mistakes?  Sure.  Have they made announcements, then failed to meet goals?  Of course.  Does that prove that they are a scam?  Not at all.
Now, I am much more skeptical of GAW today than I was even a month ago.  A month ago, I was more skeptical than I was the month before that.  However, we have been running ads for them since before the launch of their Hashlets, when they were mostly praised by the community.
If legitimate evidence of wrongdoing comes to light, we will certainly remove their ads.  Until that happens, it would be both illegal and wrong to remove their ads without serving their remaining impressions.
Want to help that happen faster?  Visit Coin Brief daily, and/or send other companies that would like to advertise to us.
I'm sorry to say, that is just how it is.  I don't like Paycoin, I don't agree with much of what GAW is doing, but that doesn't change the obligation we have.
@_date: 2015-01-12 19:15:26
Bitcoin has a lot of problems, and yesterday we were discussing the need for Bitcoin use to expand into paying wages (as a few companies recently started doing that).
Sidechains need to be completed, and utilized.
A decision needs to be made about block size.
A true, decentralized exchange needs to exist.
Multisig needs to be more developed, and widely used.
Bitcoin really needs to be easier to use.
I could keep going on, but I've addressed all of this in the past...
However, this actually is a danger.  Don't brush it off, and act like it can't happen.
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:32:27
Why would it need to perform high frequency trades?  There really isn't a need for the average person to engage in that type of trading.
That being said, they may have an idea about how to make that work at some point...I have no idea.  I'll check on that and see.
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:06:35
Hah, I agree.  Either way, by giving it legal legitimacy like this, it could have a huge impact in the willingness of various businesses to accept it.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:13:55
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:13:00
That isn't the problem.  The operation of the exchanges is what needs to be monitored.
That said, that doesn't mean that this couldn't change in the future.  However, there would need to be a huge change in the way the major exchanges operate.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:05:32


5 years ago you could have just used your PC to mine.  GPU mining was still a thing then.  That didn't really end until 2013 when the first ASICs went online.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:35:58
I mean, you can use some of the Bitcoin payment processors, like Coinbase or BitPay, for instant payments.  They don't charge anything, beyond the standard transaction / miner fees that all BTC transactions require, to send something from the wallets.  If you need to convert USD (or another currency) to BTC first, then you are going to pay a fee, but still way lower than something like Western Union.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:54:06


They don't even need to do that.  They can use the normal exchange rates, as guaranteed by a payment processor, to avoid paying credit / debit card fees.  The fees charged by BTC payment processors are considerably lower.  That means it is instantly more profitable to accept BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:17:43
I'm a 30 year old American, and I've written fewer than 10 checks in my life.
I've used a decent number of cashier's checks, but most of those were related to a business I ran for a few years.
@_date: 2015-03-10 14:04:14
30 seconds to be paid in BTC?  I can generally copy, paste, skim (to double check it's right), and send a transaction in 5-10 seconds.  Then 1 or 2 seconds for the other person to see the transfer.
If you count just the time between when I click send, and the other person sees the coins, then it is nearly instant...
Now, confirmation is a different story...but ~10 minutes for a confirmation, so they can spend their coins without issue, is not really a big deal imho.  
But, holy crap on your bank transaction!  What happened?  The longest I've waited for money to process at a bank was ~ 9 or 10 days.
@_date: 2015-03-03 18:49:06
No, the basic idea of a centralized POS digital currency with an algorithmic "federal reserve" at it's core.  The potential of that kind of system is a horrible kind of potential, which is why the article I wrote on the subject was titled "Paycoin Succeeding May Be More Dangerous Than it Failing"
That said, the version of this system used by GAW seriously missed that mark, due to some of the fatal flaws you mentioned...and that is for the best.  Once it became obvious that Paycoin wasn't going to be further developed into what I feared, I basically stopped paying attention to it.  That changed when the SEC investigation was confirmed, and then these emails were released.
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:01:43
Yeah, I remember those days.  I was a lucky kid, and started using my dad's BBS when I was 3 (Legends of the Red Dragon anyone?).  That was 1990.  I think we finally started using the internet a bit in 93 or 94, and it was amazing...but was basically unusable/worthless to the average person.
It has come so far, and I expect the same for Bitcoin (and/or it's progeny).
@_date: 2015-03-03 06:28:06
Do you have any idea how many people think that Bitcoin is a pyramid/ponzi scheme?  I mean I know quite a few intelligent, forward thinking people who just can't grasp the concept of Bitcoin, and only believe it is NOT a scam because they trust my judgement.  I know others who still think it is a scam because I haven't had the chance to convince them otherwise, yet.
Thinking something is fraud is not a good litmus test for fraud...
@_date: 2015-03-03 19:00:37
Not until now...around a month ago the SEC investigation was confirmed, and that was enough.  We were not receiving additional payments, as the ads were all paid for upfront, so shutting the ads off required a bit more than just suspicion. It would have been a different story if the ads were PPC, or some other referral based system.
Also, the "math" on Hashlets was far from "not working out".  Were Hashlets alone an unprofitable venture for GAW?  Absolutely.  But, they were also brilliant as a marketing tool to capture a large group of very loyal customers. All they had to do was stop selling Hashlets at a certain point, and flip to selling something more profitable...and that is exactly what I expected they would do.
I was very wrong about that.  I'm not sure if I overestimated GAW's ability, or underestimated the greed, but it didn't turn out to be the brilliant plan that I thought they were working toward.  I, and Coin Brief, sincerely apologize to anyone that did follow an ad from us to GAW.
@_date: 2015-03-03 07:06:24
We put the ads on hold when evidence of the SEC investigation came to light.  That was enough proof for that.  It is unfortunate that it has come to this, but it is what it is.
@_date: 2015-03-03 05:21:58
People have thought it was fraudulent for a while, but there was no real proof.  Now there is actual proof, in the form of DKIM-signed emails from Josh.
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:58:34
Hah, no.  The idea of Paycoin had potential.  The 300% inflation was over the top, but I can see how the idea behind it could be used by a nefarious group to try to create a controllable digital currency with some of the benefits of Bitcoin.
Just because it had potential doesn't mean that I supported it.
@_date: 2015-03-05 18:52:07
Jesus, this is why we removed our staff page.  The person in question is not listed on that page at all.
Edit:  For clarification, not every person who has written for Coin Brief in the past is listed there.  The one that was arrested has not written for us in over 4 months.
@_date: 2015-03-03 08:15:51
In all honesty...GAW had a lot of potential.  Paycoin had a lot of potential.  I don't think this all started as a scam, even if it seems to have turned fraudulent over time.  I think that is true for a lot of crypto-related ventures.  Take Mt. Gox as an example...it was the first major exchange, and was certainly not fraudulent for most of it's existence.  However, after they lost an incredible amount of money (either via hacking or internal theft), someone made a decision to hide that and start manipulating the market.  At that moment, it became criminal.
Then again, I don't pass judgement on something until I have enough information to do so.  Considering I am the founder of Coin Brief, then go ahead and judge me on that.  I dislike news organizations that jump to conclusions, and thus Coin Brief does not jump to conclusions.  You are very right that we will not change that in the future.  Instead, we will continue to examine the facts, and state those that we can prove.
@_date: 2015-03-03 08:35:49
That is, unfortunately, not true.  Well...it wasn't true.  It may be now.  Still, entire forums (with heavy traffic) have spun off from Hashtalk, which is the central forum for GAW / Paycoin / Paybase.  Hashtalk itself broke into the top 20,000 Alexa at one point, which isn't the best measure of a userbase, but likely correlates with tens of thousands of users.
GAW has messed up a lot of things, but they seem to excel at cultivating a serious following.
@_date: 2015-03-03 22:58:14
Nice catch.  Thanks for that.  They had a much higher userbase in the past, but that may have been centered around Hashlets (with only a small portion moving on to Paycoin).
@_date: 2015-03-06 01:48:12
Thank you.  I removed that name from my comment so no one takes it and tries to use it.
Now, to get Coin Telegraph to fix their headline.
@_date: 2015-02-07 22:21:25
Yeah, well, hopefully this article can help to avoid a few instances of this from happening to begin with.  I like the idea of moving to "bits" or some other terminology for the currency, as that completely avoids the currency / protocol issue.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:43:05
Hah, exactly.  Netscape didn't die...it evolved, and is still one of the dominant browsers.
@_date: 2016-05-13 21:21:47
My money has always been on John Nash.
@_date: 2015-02-12 19:50:12
I'm somewhat confused by your statement.  No one believes what?
@_date: 2015-02-07 02:55:13
Exactly.  I had fun, and got lucky, so I had more fun later.  My fun multiplied, because I didn't expect to leave with that money.
Its only an issue when people gamble with money they can't afford to use, or with the expectation that they will win.
@_date: 2015-02-06 15:17:38
^ This
Anyone who truly "gambles" (with purely luck based games) for a reason other than entertainment is doing it wrong.  I've been to a casino 3 times in my life, and every time I did, I went in with a set amount of cash I was willing to spend on "entertainment"...no expectation to make money.
Of course, 1 of those 3 times, I did walk out with twice the cash I brought in, but still negative when considering the other 2 trips.
Now, poker, sports betting, etc. is a different story.  Poker is strategic, and sports can be analyzed to gain an advantage.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:53:36
May be true.  I can't say for sure either way.  That is my own thoughts on the man himself, but it doesn't matter what his intentions were at the start.
The evidence and information are all that really matter in the end.
@_date: 2015-02-07 03:14:22
Yeah, I've just noticed a few places using Bit coin or bit coins, and others not understanding the difference between Bitcoin, the protocol, and bitcoins, the currency...felt like there needed to be a short explanation.
Not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, but important to understand.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:36:16
Possibly.  He is either a pro, or amateur (which is what I was describing).
Legitimately, some of his ideas were really good.  If he had took the good ideas, ran with those, and ditched the bad, then this discussion would not be happening...GAW would just be successful.
The fact that he had those good, legitimate ideas that had the potential to be far more profitable than any scam is why I give him the benefit of doubt in a way...but, unfortunately, he did not go with just the good ideas.  He halfway implemented some good ones, while mixing them with halfway implemented bad ones, then moved on to halfway implementing others.
That isn't a "pro" in my mind.
Again, that doesn't absolve him of any wrongdoing.  That is just the impression I got from watching GAW evolve, speaking with Josh, and reading way too many of his posts (had to really dig through those while researching GAW).
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:22:28
How so?  GAW may have created Paycoin, but they are heavily involved with Bitcoin too.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:38:53
Maybe in the future we will write another article to consider other choices.  Snapcard does seem interesting.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:56:13
Well, my understanding is that the price is to cover the cost of CC/DC fees, fraud mitigation, and the overall risk of chargebacks (they have a lot of systems in place to make chargebacks very difficult, and unlikely, but I am sure that some manage to slip through).  This isn't like other systems where you wait for a week for your BTC to be released to you.  You can sign up, buy it, and have it sent to your personal wallet instantly.
As the userbase grows, their fraud mitigation system becomes even better, and they, potentially, negotiate better rates with credit/debit card companies, it should drop the rate to be closer to the average.
@_date: 2015-02-17 23:45:01
It has been catching fire for a while now...just a lot of the systems took a long time to develop.
So, yeah...if you have developed a payment system, I am sure selling it is not a problem at all.
@_date: 2015-02-02 01:47:20
Fully licensed = protection from the government shutting the exchange down, and seizing all funds, at some point.  Currently, most exchanges are operating in a grey area.  The government could decide that area is illegal, rather than legally vague, and start seizing all unlicensed exchanges.
In fact, that is likely what will happen once the states get all their regulations worked out.  Either get licensed as a MSB with a MTL (where required), or get shut down.
@_date: 2015-02-11 05:13:33
This article has been added to our top menu bar, so will be improved over time, including more details.
@_date: 2015-02-06 04:33:43
Glad to see that he is receiving the funding he deserves.  Tip of my hat to Facebook, Stripe, Propublica, and everyone that has donated.
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:54:32
You should have included the USD equivalent of that BTC, as well as instructions on how to use it.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:37:06
Well, eventually we will know the whole story (hopefully), and be able to piece this entire puzzle together.  Working on going through the information I have collected to add more to this story.
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:47:16
Hah, now that is creepy.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:36:16
That is what is stands for now.  The original GAW, also created by Josh Garza, was Great Auk Wireless.
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:25:43
Yes, we did.  The admission that they are under SEC investigation means that we must put that ad campaign on hold until it is resolved.
Hopefully this will work itself out, one way or another, quickly.
@_date: 2015-02-08 01:01:06
And you will see an article about how to get bitcoins (explaining everything from buying them, to mining, to providing services and accepting BTC), an article about a few ways to securely store btc, an article about the difference in Bitcoin and bitcoins (plus why it is 1 word...not Bit coin), and an article about bitLanders.
I think I'm missing the point of your comment...
@_date: 2015-02-06 04:35:11
Now is a great time to buy Bitcoin, but it was "time" to do so in late 2012 / early 2013 :p
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:51:29
The almost impossible task of going to Microsoft, Overstock, Expedia, Dell, Tigerdirect, Newegg, Gyft, a merchant using Braintree, a merchant using Shopify, etc.?
@_date: 2015-03-03 07:12:24
The only scenario that could result in that would be if Josh Garza's email account was hacked in November (or at least early December), and used to send fake emails all the way into January without any member of GAW's team, or investors, noticing.
If you want to take those odds, you should go play the lottery.  DKIM-signed emails are like Bitcoin Wallet signatures...you need the private key to make it work.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:28:53
From reading the documents I have access to, some of which were only meant for people very close to Josh to ever see, as well as speaking with the man on the phone in the past, and many times through email, I don't get the impression of a con-artist that is out to scam people.  
Rather, he comes across as someone with a lot of ideas, some good and some not, who had some early success, pushed forward too quickly, and got in over his head.  That isn't a legitimate excuse if some of the allegations against GAW are true, nor will it carry much weight with the SEC if they decide that Hashlets are derivatives, and fall under their jurisdiction, but stilll...
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:28:37
Hah, thanks.  Missed that.
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:02:16
Notreddingit mentioned one part of it.  However, they do more than that, but I cannot go into detail.  I worked at Trucoin for almost a year, and have known the COO for almost a decade.  However, my NDA limits what I can say about it.
Honestly though, I wouldn't want to reveal details, even if I could.  It is harder for someone to find a way to exploit a system when they don't know exactly how it functions.
I just know that chargebacks should not be a serious issue for them.
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:33:43
Maybe read the article linked to at the top of this article, where I investigated that and have compiled a lot of evidence that supports exactly what you just said.
The entire point of this is that he agreed to answer questions and provide proof, and if people provide us with legitimate questions to go along with ours, and proof that they need to disprove, then the burden is on them to follow through with that promise.
The more information we can gather, the more clearly we can paint the picture of what is happening with GAW.
@_date: 2015-02-11 05:16:54
The way their system works greatly reduces that risk.
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:16:41
Maybe so, but still good information for new Bitcoin users, people who have never really looked into securing their coins, or have exclusively used online wallets.
@_date: 2015-02-08 01:50:15
Keyword there is "usually".  GAW Miners is certainly a company related to Bitcoin, even if I didn't mention the word Bitcoin in this specific one.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:28:07
Our GAW ads are now "suspended, pending review"