@_author: dysbulic
@_date: 2014-09-18 05:35:24
I also had this idea. [My first post]( a year ago, was how to give bitcoin to the homeless.
About a month ago, I pursued the idea further when I had a night to kill with no place to stay in Baltimore. I met a homeless guy and hung out with him. I set him up with an e-mail address and [coinbase account](bitcoin:13ELhkpC8me5FTNYQkHurY2wp4qS6bciLq).
The idea was I'd [tape him]( people would send him coins, and he'd use [LocalCoins](//localbitcoins.com) to get cash.
I lost my much of my enthusiasm for that iteration of the project when I tried talking to him about what he'd do if he had money. "Get high," was pretty much it.
Granted, we started the evening by getting high, and he was very convinced we'd never see each other again. So, he wasn't unreasonable.
In any case, it just emphasized the need for a regulatory structure. Bitcoin for the homeless was [chosen for a Startup Weekend]( shortly after the post. Ultimately, my team pivoted from both bitcoin and the homeless.
The structure I'd eventually like to work on is a [larger restructuring of the economy]( Businesses have digital identities, and publish metadata about transactions. That information combined with some software could allow limiting purchases.
The issue that stymied the [Startup Weekend project]( is there has to be a validation step in the sales process. It's a surmountable problem, but it means creating software, and getting it adopted.
@_date: 2014-07-31 11:36:51
What happened in 2008 to cause the change in slope?
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:42:20
A full implementation would certainly take the coordinated effort of a team of people.
What frustrates me is that digitizing the economy is such an obvious black swan. At some point some group of people will create some solution. I'm suggesting that we organize that change now.
This leverages bitcoin's cryptographic block chain to allow a verifiable participant in the transaction to publish information. This can't be done with analog currencies.
Though the final software is complex, the initial tasks just need a couple programmers, preferably someone versed in bitcoin.
The proof of concept is recording data about sticker sales. That I hope to accomplish on my own.
The next piece of software is either the point-of-sale or the housing for bitcoins. I'm inclined toward working on the housing. Being able to rent housing for bitcoins is something that needs to happen.
It's an opportunity to show off how [multisignature transactions]( allow businesses to facilitate contracts without having to act as a bank.
That needs maybe two or three people to get the basic interface created.
If you want to talk about software to looks at costs and compute prices then there's no limit to how complex it could get. At this point though all I'm talking about is gathering the data.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:40:58
Any transaction requires the signatures of multiple parties. The seller can create a transaction sending the coins to themselves and send it to the arbiter and buyer. Either one can add their signature to make the transaction valid.