@_author: dzaq1989
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:57:11
Check with local tax attorneys. Your average CPA, like myself, are all in disagreement as to whether coin to coin transactions count under Section 1031 "like-kind transactions". Some say it applies, and does not create a tax event. Some say it's a sale of one asset, and purchase of another.
Not financial advice, but I am filing for an extension, as there are pending lawsuits to see what happens. I am in the process of hiring a tax attorney myself, as I want to fight it for the 2017 year, as many people would have been more modest in their coin to coin transactions if they knew they were creating a taxable event.
I would advise you for 2018 though, to keep the best records you can. Every thing from purchase prices, to dates and times, to location. Keep good records!
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:01:46
The new tax bill, for the year 2018 onward, makes "like-kind exchange" for real property only. It eliminates intangible property (cryptos, baseball cards, art, etc.). So coin to coin transactions are definitely taxable events in 2018. What's still yet to be determined is if they count in 2017. There's been no agreement at all.
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:31:25
They might not have the ability to now, but the IRS has the power to audit up to 7 years back. So you know damn well that they will have the ability and resources to come at you in let's say in 2022, saying that you failed to pay taxes on your crypto earnings in 2017.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:37:57
No problem at all! And good idea. I would also push whatever exchanges you used to provide you with as much information as they can. Seriously, inundate them with emails..They often have records kept (especially Coinbase, since their recent cooperation after with the IRS) that can make your life easier when it comes to those micro transactions/ fees that you can deduct. 
I mean there is a reason that you have to get verified to use the exchange. So use that inconvenience and get your exchange to send you a spreadsheet of your detailed transactions... and not just the ones you can have generated yourself. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:51:57
Honestly, this is not financial advice, but I would file an extension on your taxes if you can wait for your return. There is a huge disagreement between CPA's and Tax Attorneys on whether or not Cryptocurrencies count under Section 1031 loophole, in which you can trade "Like-kind property" without creating a tax event. If Cryptos do count, then you would only need to simply claim capital gains on your Bitcoin income when you cash out into fiat. Since Bitcoin is considered property, you would not need to account for each transaction you make.
However if it does not count under 1031, then you need to account for every transfer, including from wallet to wallet. They put it in a weird grey area in between a currency and intangible property. Tax attorneys have cases lined up, and I am personally waiting for the outcome on some of them.
The issues arises because it can be considered double dipping by the IRS, especially if you are creating a tax event when both buying goods with Bitcoin AND cashing out to USD.
Again, this is not financial advice. This is just stating what I am doing. I am a CPA, and I am hiring a tax attorney to assist with these little instances that have the potential to be big problems in the future.
Advice I will give for 2018. Account for everything! Keep great records of every transaction you make, how much it cost you in fees, etc. Make yourself have a good habit of record keeping. I personally use a composition notebook. Keep records!