@_author: dzas7r
@_date: 2018-10-01 15:41:05
It doesn't seem to function any more surprisingly than any other website that gets an enormous amount of events to handle at one time. I've had slow transfer times when there are sudden surges in prices. Maybe it's by design to prevent another January '17 Genocide. Maybe it's all conspiracy and they've been stealing your money. They've never stolen my money before. Unless you count fake coins being taken off the exchange but that's not anybody's fault but mine for investing in something fake.
@_date: 2018-10-31 20:57:12
Sorry I don't have a memory set to an atomic clock level of accuracy. It was around 10 years ago, shoot me. I've been editing this a lot because there's a lot to talk about obviously but we aren't on the same page so I'm doing my best. 
I saw the first website that was a faucet for the first bitcoin. Yes. Satoshi never sold bitcoins. But as I was speaking through a 13 year old's perspective when I was witnessing all of this, to go explain to your parents as a 13 year old where bitcoin comes from, who made it, and why in your own words they can understand. You're not that smart as a kid to convince an adult whatever it is you're doing with your money is a smart thing. Don't kid yourself.
You could also buy them from some sites. I almost did. My good friend who knew more about this at the time advised not to because the shadiness of where it came about so I listened and forgot about it. Started high school and then didn't hear anybody talking about it around me until 2014-2016. Of which, everything about it was still garbage, it didn't have anything going for it besides none percent of the public had really heard of it before and it sounded neat. Also by then there was ethereum, which nobody really knows wtf is going on over there. Nobody wants to explain that besides it'ss bitcoin, but not bitcoin. Since that marketing campaign worked, now there are over 1000 coins dedicated to being bitcoin but not bitcoin.
I bought it 2017 because I have disposable income and saw the opportunity as did everyone else. Why wouldn't I at least chance it makes money? I can lose the money if and when it all tanks back to nothing. Which eventually will, if it doesn't get backed by something. People are really delusional to not realize this.
Electronic systems suck and fail constantly. That's not debatable, get some more hands on experience in the real world sometime and you'll see. If you can understand the concepts of security you'd already have agreed on this. The best security is to be offline. Bitcoin can't be offline and work. It literally exists only in the Internet and the Internet only. Therefore, can't be 100% secure. There's my argument. My checkbook and bank information locked away in my safe is incredibly safer than some third party wallet system to hold the fictious currency points worth whatever the last batch of suckers paid for it this week. The coins themselves now are meaningless and driven by pump activity. There has got to be a real use for it, because it's proven its not money. It's garbage at being money. I can't take anyone seriously who believes it's a functional currency. It's a functional open source journal for activity on the network. I wish the activity on the network was comprised of educational content instead.
As far as education goes, the younger minds are being spoofed bullshit every day and they haven't lived in a time without their phones being their source of anything and everything about their life. It's a new age of deployment of information. Every discussion is devolving into fake news when they want to push something contradictory and seem legitimate. I'm sure someone smarter than me will be able to figure out how to use the validity the block chain has to combat the other. Humans are creative.
As for why I missed all the bubbles and the milestones? Because I was busy living a teenage life, doing teenage things. Not mashing F5 every hour of the day of my life like it's a free lottery button. I didn't care about it in the sense that it'll make money so it wasn't in my mind constantly. I care about its a very cool advancement in information storing. Everything is information, and everything is worth storing for one reason or another. I wish people could see this technology as something else than an infinite pile of money. It doesn't work as money.
It's been how long in development and nobody is even tolerating the idea of paying for something with it? Even when it was made for that reason? Not only that, what about 2 months ago a really really old bug was found that no one caught besides one good samaritan that allowed them to double their btc wallet with a single key press? Get real, if counterfeiting is your main point against pen and paper then what is that? We can't know for sure if the system is already shot itself full of fake coins. It's an electronic system of everybody's computer working together, on the knowledge electronic systems suck at everything. They're not permanent solutions to anything. Yes they have their advantages but there is far too much baseless trust in something digital for something far too important.
@_date: 2019-06-27 04:46:31
I guess so. Seems no different than before. In 2017 when the prices were rising at absurd rates were in hindsight false reports because the most accurate price checker coinmarketcap, would be sluggish to report price checks because it accounted for small exchanges and their price movements. Arbitration was HUGE in opportunity. In fact, I made money off watching the lesser known exchanges abruptly move the price because it didn't take whales to move the price up, and it would be able 15-20 min before activity on the other sites would catch up. So when the lesser known exchange made moves, places like HitBTC and Binance traders tried to match it because the price was simply higher over there and they would make sell/buy orders of that price and magnitude, and you could, for a time actually slip in between and just make hundreds in arbitration, every hour. I'm pretty sure that mechanism is how we have so many pump and dump telegram groups.
@_date: 2019-06-26 21:10:52
Found my partner in crime. Now, we just have to do the opposite of what we think we should both do. We'll be rich!
@_date: 2019-06-26 21:21:43
Theoretically, the price is an aggregate OF aggregates across just about every conceivable source of information about the price on sites and relative to other sites. I can only imagine that right this second after a bit of research, that institutional money is buying at specific price, and a certain amount of bagholders are fauceting their gains out them. It'll keep reversing. Bitcoin seems to always reverse. We might see a new floor of 10k or just a little less if that's the case imo.
@_date: 2019-06-27 13:19:09
Well, jokes on you I bought 250k worth of BTC at $12,357. Sorry if it crashes!
@_date: 2017-09-05 16:04:29
That sounds super gay. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 23:54:06
Explain the value of Bitcoin to me? Why does it keep going up? What possible scenario will make it go down at this point? 
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:21:53
But Bitcoin can reach $500k/coin, but $500k could very well be only worth $5 in today's dollar value when the coin reaches that point, correct? Or is Bitcoin creating it's own value and it will always be worth that much? 
I'm just playing devil's advocate. I knew I should have bought a bunch when Bitcoin was like $0.01/coin. I can only buy about $25/$4.9k/coin at a time every two weeks because of my minimum wage jobs don't hardly up the bills I have to clear. Is this too small an amount to try to build anything with? I figure it's bow or never, but I'm worried I would be throwing money away I could eat with tomorrow.