@_author: e1000
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:15:44
Ah yes, fiat currency has value because the government says, "it shall" have value.
But private currencies (the sort that BTC was compared to) universally have an exchange guarantee behind them. This guarantee is the basis upon which private entities can grant currency in the first place. Anybody can print money, only an extremely wealthy individual or company can guarantee that a piece of paper has exchange value.
@_date: 2012-11-03 19:17:04
Hmm, I didn't know about the block size limit. Looks like I was wrong about the one-bad-actor approach to killing the network.
Either way, thanks to satoshidice, bitcoin will collapse under it's own weight soon anyways. Satoshidice is doing now what would be difficult for one bad actor to do.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:50:44
The problem specifically is not the slow rise of quantum computers. As mentioned earlier (and in the bitcoin wiki) crappy quantum computers would probably be about as good as F'ing awesome rigs like those from butterfly labs. The network would require some code refactoring and pretty soon the standard client could do nothing more than verify blocks and all mining would be done on quantum computers.
Of course the central premise in my last paragraph was a slow ('organic') introduction to QC. If tomorrow a researcher at cal-tech made a decently fast quantum computer. It's pretty much assured that he or she would immediately hack the private key of any bitcoin address with more than 100 BTC and fuck everybody in the process, alternatively they could mine for 2 weeks at current difficulty and make a few million bitcoins and jack difficulty to near infinity. Either way, everybody's still fucked.
Here's hoping that the rise of QC is slow and tedious.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:24:00
Collectively, whatever we believe is true will become true.
Personally, I sold quite a few yesterday (yay!) and just put in a market order now... I guess I just contributed to the crash.
@_date: 2013-12-12 09:31:59


I mean, why 1%, what about 10% or 0.1% or 0.004%? My point is that people like to compare bitcoin to arbitrary things like global wealth, or gold and say: "If only bitcoin had X% of that market cap". But bitcoin isn't gold nor is it global wealth. Only time will tell what it's value is. Until then I'll add my useless correlation.
A 2014 Toyota camry has a MSRP of $22,235, I think the bitcoin market is at least worth several Camrys. Lets chose a nice even number like 8. Now I'd also guess that we can do better than the base model, how about the upgraded one for $27,670. So bitcoin market cap should be at least $221,360 meaning that the coins should be valued somewhere above 1 cent each.
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:22:46
Oh shoot, I forgot to add that similarity :3
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:29:23
Um, yes, i see that you have a litany of complaints about bitcoin, ~~some legitimate and some~~ mosty FUD.  But none of this really had anything to do with bitcoin being a "private currency"  in the way that the article suggested. 
Man, I'm all down for being open with the (many) weaknesses and challenges of bitcoin, but I think your nearly incoherent FUD post is pretty useless at eliciting intelligent conversation since the whole thing is a total nonsequitur within the context of bitcoin being similar to private currency.
Edit: so that you know I read your BS filled diatribe I'll quickly address every point
1) A mining pool could initiate a double spend attack at great cost to their credibility, but they cannot steal, generate, or dublicate bitcoins without forking the blockchain and having their blocks rejected from the network. Verifications are by majority rule but protocol compliances is by supermajority rule. Literally 100% of clinents MUST agree that a transaction is valid for it to pass. No central organization exists other than the standards which 100% of clients follow. The standards themeselves are incredibly hard to change because you must have literally 100% agreement on the changes to move forward.
2) I don't see how "satoshi has 1 million bitcoins" equates to counterfeiting which would quickly debase a currency and was a major problem with privately issued currencies long ago.
3) Theft isn't a problem unique to currency or bitcoin.
4) "it's value being determined solely by buy/sell ratios" This is literally the definition of the term price. This 'complaint' in no way invalidates my previous statement or even brings up a weakness. Issued private currency acts the same way with the caveat that a central organization has guaranteed a price for the notes. This guarantee if removed due to the company going under destroys the currency. 
5) Actually there are several full clients in existance. If every scrap of code for the standard bitcoin client was deleted from the world tomorrow, we would just use bitcoinj. Bitcoin is a protocol, not a program. Also attacks on the blockchain are well documented and generally thought to be impossible. Let me restate this. If somebody had the cryptographic knowledge to attack the block chain, they would have the keys to all communication on the planet. Bitcoin is probably low on the list of priorities if you have secretly gained the ability to break ECDSA, SHA256, and RIPEMD160.
@_date: 2013-12-29 08:11:12
You might consider printing them yourself if the cost isn't too high. ~$50 on amazon for this [Brother sticker printer]( and it has about a billion and a half other uses
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:42:17
Yes, bitcoin is just like private currencies. I mean lets look at the similarities.
1) A central organization fully controls bitcoin
2) It is easily counterfeited
3) It is likely a scam since if it were popular, it's creators could just mint more bitcoins to defraud us all.
4) It's "value" is due to the backing of a bank that will distribute government currency or gold if you cash it in.
5) If the creators of bitcoin go out of business, there will be a run on the exchanges.
_Clearly bitcoin is just like private currencies of old_ &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
 Clearly the idiot who wrote this piece either does't understand bitcoin, or doesn't understand the history of currency. Bitcoin is __nothing__ like any currency ever issued. As stated by hundreds of others, bitcoin more closely resembles an asset like gold than it does a currency.
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:49:12
OK, points addressed. Refresh
Yes, being a non sequitur is grounds for ending a conversation. If you said "Today is a nice day isn't it" and I responded, "How can you say that when there was a terrorist attack in russia yesterday"
I'd be the douche. I'd be right, but you weren't talking about Russia. I'd just be a douche and it wouldn't be fair of me to expect a conversation about Russia afterward either.