@_author: e346e
@_date: 2019-07-12 03:20:28
He's so goofy he could totally declare it illegal... on twitter.
We'll see, I'm kind of indifferent to this scenario. In a way, everyone I know who knows I'm interested in crypto would be asking "what are you going to do!?", and it would definitely scare your everyday person away from it. But in the end it's a bump in the road that wouldn't last. And in the interim the press would be good for BTC all around.
@_date: 2019-07-12 01:47:58
Yeah, this is really interesting. By far the Bitcoin people I know and the sentiments in communities like this (sub) are usually at least classically liberal, sometimes libertarian, but usually not overwhelmingly anti-trump.
The conservatives I know though, they might have more love for Trump than decentralization, anonymity, etc. BTC is favored pretty heavy by small business owners that I know and they also favor Trump. My guess is they'll disagree with him quietly, still vote for him next time, and gladly see him eat his words. Despite being fully behind him politically.
On the other hand, any Trump-hating liberal bitcoiner will eat this up!
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:44:47
Yes. I play the game in 4 ways.
(1) *Hodler*, I cold storage my life savings (worth over $300) - I am ready for the future!
(2) *Risky Investor*, I DCA to accumulate - I am doubling down on the future!
(3) *User*, I buy regardless of price to pay for what I can in crypto, i.e. fold app, gyft, AT&amp;T (even though I have to use BitPay to do it) - I am living the future now!
(4) *Gambler,* I assume BTC is going up, so I sell when I have 10% profit, double-down on my investment as price falls, try to time it, but more importantly get my gambling stack into BTC sooner rather than later to make that 10%.
So far, no regrets, this has been bulletproof.
@_date: 2019-07-12 01:50:27
Ehh, I'm not sure. You could be right, but I'm not sure it's worth his time honestly. At least at today's price point and volumes. Small potatoes for a billionaire. Not saying you can't make tons, but who's he shorting with such that he can make a ton and not have that fact leaked? Not saying it can't be done, but as dumb as he appears / sounds, you don't become a billionaire and president being stupid.
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:47:42
Stop being a ninny and throw in what you *can't* afford like a real bitcoiner!
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:46:45
Most people are saying DCA. The opposite is liquidating holdings.
@_date: 2019-07-12 01:40:23
US Dollar is the best money. The greatest. The A+ rating never goes to Bitcion and the drugs. My whole life has been fighting the drugs and the bitcoin in a way. It's a beautiful thing. And that's what makes America great today is the polling. Look at the numbers US Dollar is through the roof and where even is Bitcoin. They can't even agree on the CEO it's like you go in with US Dollar and come out with Bitcoin and you're a criminal with this stuff. It's bad news and it isn't making America great again I can tell you that!
@_date: 2019-07-11 21:29:28
This is neither here nor there. Society has demanded cheap non-durable goods. It is even cultural. Who wants to be seen wearing the same old boots after two years anyhow? High quality goods **are** totally available, but innovation and efficiency has given us the luxury of the cheap junky alternative. To your point, sure, the high quality items that actually perform comparably to the high quality counterparts from the past are astronomically more expensive than the cheap options.
@_date: 2019-07-10 22:28:02
No, the fees will go to a miner that mines the transactions in a valid block.
@_date: 2019-07-11 21:23:22
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:54:05
Despite a bunch of problems, a lot of people have a lot of freedom they take for granted.
@_date: 2019-07-11 20:00:24
This is excellent. I will participate. Buying BTC today at a discount in prep!
You should market the hell out of this. This is the sort of thing that gets average folks in.
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:45:46
Gotta say I love it too.
@_date: 2019-11-01 22:57:32
You may be right. I've only been on this strategy since Feb or so of 2019.
Worst case scenario though, I end up DCA'd with all of my investable income in BTC and I have no choice but to HODL anyway. This actually did happen just last month when we went down. I had no more money to DCA in even though the price kept falling. But! the price came back up and now I have cash sitting on the sidelines ready to re-invest when price drops again.
But even in worst case scenario I will have DCA'd in the downward direction from the time of initial investment, which is still better than buy and hodl at any point... Use your brain bud.
@_date: 2019-11-13 18:35:43


In the real world these are adjusted monthly or quarterly. But they're printed and relatively stable, easily within 5%. Crypto is not within 5% monthly, not predictably by any means.


Yeah, this can work. Digital menus aren't stupid, but you're still doing a conversion between BTC and some more authoritative price (fiat). My vision is for fiat to no longer be the authority against which we compare. Rather something that isn't so regional and controllable.


Kind of. IF the bitcoin price COULD stabalize, then it MIGHT be able to be used as a unit of account. But this is exactly why I brought this up... Bitcoin by its nature will NOT have price stability. As a scarce and desirable asset, it is a good store of value, and that means its "price" is inherently increasing (read: not stable, not suitable for pricing). This is exactly my point.


This is exactly my goal. But Bitcoin isn't the answer. Bitcoin is going to be used in ways we can't imagine in the future, only increasing its value with every innovation. It will not be stable enough to price against, not for 20 years easily. Precisely why I am hoping a different derivative solution specifically for pricing, stability, and currency can be engineered.
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:27:14
Robinhood is (so far) a reputable company. What the others are saying is true, you don't "own" Bitcoin in the true sense. i.e. if your neighbor said "hey, I'll sell you this sandwich for some bitcoin", you have no way to send her bitcoin even though you have a balance on Robinhood. Make sense?
Much like if you bought Tesla stock through Robinhood, if you wanted to trade it to your neighbor, you can't do it. YOU don't really have the stock, Robinhood has given you an account and they keep track of gains / losses for you and eventually you "sell" your stock and you can withdraw cash on the gains.
So, you are "invested" in Bitcoin, but you don't "own" Bitcoin. For as long as Robinhood stays in business and allows you to sell your stake in Bitcoin, you have access to those options.
Keep in mind OP here kind of has the right mindset, and knows enough to be dangerous, but isn't 100% right. In principle, what they're saying is right. If you really want to be a Bitcoin owner and holder, you need to have control over the private keys responsible for signing transactions. This means you need a wallet. A real Bitcoin wallet has interactions with real bitcoin network, transactions, etc. 
And has real private keys for signing transactions. Those keys and your exclusive control over those keys makes you the owner.
With Robinhood, they go bankrupt, and your access to your stake in bitcoin is gone. They change terms of service or decide to stop offering Bitcoin as a trading option and they can do that. They get shut down by the government, and "your" bitcoin is inaccessible and gone. This probably won't happen (but similar things have in the past), so if you really want Bitcoin, get a real wallet, buy bitcoin from somewhere that will let you withdraw it. Do withdraw it, carefully, and THEN, you own Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-02 16:15:02










So all of the bitcoin someone else owns isn't "real"? You probably shouldn't accept it when they try to give it to you then...
If your vision is one where everyone is using their own Bitcoin wallets to do on-chain transactions, then this does mean that (1) Transaction fees are going to be astronomical because there will be so much competition to get your transaction on-chain (2) Making it totally impractical to use at starbucks or really anywhere where you're transacting small amounts. (3) Currently, the block size is too small to accommodate the number of Starbucks transactions in a single city, let alone across the industry so your "real" bitcoin can't be used for that anyway. Maybe you should go to Bitcoin Cash, I think you align with their "fundamental principles" more closely.
@_date: 2019-11-07 16:31:44
At least in USA, the younger generations seem to trust government far more than the elders. Bernie is the hero of the millennial and he basically wants government-controlled everything.
@_date: 2019-11-08 17:07:44


This might be sourced,,, but who cares. They wrote the TOS so they could just be lying.
Even if they did have a 3rd party verify that they had BTC backing,,, who's to say the 3rd party isn't being paid off in the background?
In the end it doesn't matter. What OP is saying is totally true, **Not your keys, not your Bitcoin**
What I'm saying is speculative, but sensible. Robinhood has been around for more than a year. In that time, BTC price has risen substantially. **IF** they had zero stake in **real** Bitcoin, they'd likely be bankrupt by now because they owe all of these people money but they didn't have any real Bitcoin backing. They don't expose themselves to that much risk. They can buy real bitcoin and simultaneously short bitcoin to offset risks on both sides (whether bitcoin price increases or falls) and make money on the split between buy / sell price.
There is ZERO benefit to them by NOT holding hedging their back-end with Bitcoin, as well as all of the other assets they offer. It is simply common sense that they hold and transact real Bitcoin either in their own office or using a service to do so. In any case, these companies do have on-chain impact plain and simple. And no, there is no proof of this unless you are a high-up employee and get to see the actual transactions within the company.
@_date: 2019-11-01 15:43:22
If you simply buy today, go all in, and sit for 2 years, the majority on this sub will say you'll be perfectly happy with the results. But this means you just have to sit and watch the charts and cry when it goes down and hope it retains gains (it won't). It's a rollercoaster.
The fact that you have a stake means you're going to be checking the charts every hour like the rest of us anyway so you may as well position yourself for some good DCA. If you don't want to trade, don't. Get in for some now, and then just DCA on a weekly or monthly basis regardless of price *or* jump on the dips.
If you are interested in making your money work for you and trading some, I'll point you to a post I made a few months back which no one liked, it was downvoted, people said buy and hodl was better (it wasn't). I made the post June 27, when price was roughly $12k-$13k. **If** I had bought and held from then until now, obviously I'd be down easily 25%. Following my strategy (in general, I make exceptions), my BTC (not dollar) position has increased by over 10%, **and** I've cashed out to fiat real dollars for spending in the real world about 4% of my initial investment. To illustrate with real numbers, from June to today
**Buy and Hodl:** 0.083 BTC in June @ $12000 = $1000, held to today @ $9200 = $765, net **-23%** ROI
**My strategy:** 0.083 BTC in June = $12000 = $1000, traded up to 0.0926 @ $9200 = $850, plus cash out profit of $40, net **-11%** ROI
But, don't listen to me, I'm the idiot who doesn't just HODL.
I will say this though, the majority of your BTC stake should be in a hardware wallet off exchanges. Anything you let sit on an exchange is at risk. I have lost money on multiple exchanges that I'll never see again. It is a brutal lesson to learn the hard way. So if you're trading, trade a minority of your BTC, you **need** to actually own your own keys for the amount that's important to you. Only trade and put on an exchange what you're willing to gamble with.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:50:44
I think the response to posts like this is a fantastic indicator of Bitcoin's real value.
Go ask BitConnect to convince you. They'll still try to.
Here, it's a healthy mockery of people asking others to do their thinking for them.
@_date: 2019-11-13 18:29:01


I don't think decades will even do it. It will be steadily increasing in value as people convert their labor into more satoshis.


You can only easily do this digitally so long as there's a higher authority currency to compare / convert it with.. What I'm hoping for is an alternative to fiat to compare / convert it with.
@_date: 2019-11-07 15:59:17
This makes a ton of sense.
This would be very difficult for a business to manage themselves, but if it were automated,, basically by a payment processor, I think it could work. What I'm imagining is:
(1) Customer walks into store and the merchant rings up total in USD  
(2) Merchant sends invoicing information to 3rd party processor via POS integration (this I think is the single biggest thing missing for BTC/LN adoption)  
(3) 3rd party processor creates LN invoice and sends back QR  
(4) Customer scans and pays QR  
(5) 3rd party opens short position on behalf of merchant (conceptually, in the real world this isn't automated or instant, this is up to the 3rd party to decide when / how they manage their own risk exposure in practice)  
(6) 3rd party LN sends the BTC directly to the merchants wallet (optional, for business services like especially when your stake is relatively low in an adoption phase trust, custodianship, and outsourcing seems reasonable)  
(7) Merchant pays bills etc with their BTC on LN (maybe through same 3rd party, maybe not)  
(8) Merchant has process in place, probably automated, probably monthly, to notify 3rd party processor that BTC holdings changed and to adjust short mitigation appropriately  
(9) 3rd Party returns a receipt for the month showing all of the transactions it supported, etc etc  
A total delegation BTC risk exposure management. This 3rd party processor obviously accepts BTC for their service and probably has any number of other crypto-management services.
@_date: 2019-11-11 17:15:09
Yes I agree, but it is effectively the same. OP's basic premise was that services like these are bad for Bitcoin because it is 100% isolated from Bitcoin. i.e. the buying activity on these platforms is effectively stolen from the Bitcoin ecosystem since it's off-chain trades, etc.
Whether it's Robinhood itself holding the BTC or a CME future, my point is that it is NOT isolated from Bitcoin at all, but that these companies must be hedging themselves. Whether they're hedging with on-chain BTC or with CME futures, the CME futures will be physically hedging on-chain BTC. Regardless of where it happens,,, it is happening. Activity on platforms like these DO end up being reflected in real BTC exchanges. There's just no two ways about it.
Sure, there could be an odd / scam service that has made the ludicrous decision to not hedge at all, maybe it works out for them, or maybe BTC price rises and people try to withdraw and they go bankrupt,,, but this is not normal and it's not good business, and it is not systemic or the way these types of companies actually work in the real world. That would be an outlier scam corner-case. And it is not accurate to paint all of these companies with a broad brush of suggesting they operate like this with zero evidence.
@_date: 2019-11-12 19:56:47


I do 100% agree with you on this. But, for a restaurant for instance, it'd be nice to be able to print a menu with a price on it that isn't obsolete in 10 days.
@_date: 2019-11-12 17:35:23
Of course.
Currency is just a way to communicate value. Currency is very useful as a ledger among parties. Even if it's literal rocks we're using as currency, as long as we all agree that the rocks communicate value we can exchange them back and forth for goods and services. The rocks themselves don't necessarily need to be useful outside of acting as a ledger / a common way to communicate value.
That's what the dollar is. We don't really need it for the paper it's on or anything like that, it's just a useful tool to give to each other in exchange for something else we do need, like food and auto repairs.
Now, imagine today you have one society who uses rocks. You have a stack of rocks that communicate sufficient value that someone will trade you a chicken for them.
Imagine you have a second society who uses dollars. You have a stack of dollars that communicate sufficient value that someone will trade you a chicken for.
Imagine a 3rd society who uses Bitcoin. You have a private key such that you can sign a transaction that communicates sufficient value that someone will trade you a chicken for it.
Now! Quarry workers (since rocks communicate value) go dig up more rock and buy up a bunch of chickens. Now the chicken farmers realize there are more rocks about and they can and should get more rocks for every chicken. Rocks are plentiful.
Governments decide that they want to encourage people to spend, so they print more fiat. The chicken farmers realize there are more dollars about, so they need more dollars for every chicken. Dollars are plentiful.
Bitcoin is constant. There is a fixed supply. No one can dig up more than 21M. The chicken farmers realize there are not more Bitcoin about, so they don't need more Bitcoin for every chicken. Bitcoin is scarce.
So at one time as an example, 10 rocks buys 1 chicken, $10 buys one chicken, and 0.01 Bitcoin buys one chicken. Therefore 0.01 Bitcoin is equivalent to $10 in terms of communicated value.
When rocks and dollars are added to the system, 15 rocks buys 1 chicken, $20 buys one chicken, and 0.01 Bitcoin buys one chicken. Therefore 0.01 Bitcoin is equivalent to $20 in terms of communicated value.
This trend never changes. There are always more fiat and more rocks being added to the system. There aren't always more Bitcoin.
Eventually, assuming Bitcoin isn't by some mechanism destroyed or obsolete, Bitcoin must eventually be $1m and beyond. The question is more a question of "when". The answer will be based on the rate of adoption mainly. My guess is, we will be at $1M bitcoin within 10 years.
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:21:57
I love the proof of keys tradition. Last year I did proof of keys and then just decided I was largely done with exchanges. I have lost coin on at least 3 exchanges due to bankruptcy / going belly-up. Not much, but I've lost more than nothing. Now, I keep everything in my own wallet now except for a small holding (that I'll proof of key on Jan 3) on Coinbase and a trading balance (admittedly not real BTC) on Robinhood that you can't proof of key anyway.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:36:55
Probably not.
Don't listen to other people's opinion and run with it, then you blame then when things don't go right. Do your own research and convince yourself whether you should or should not invest. Yeah, I get that this post is (a poor attempt at) trying to do that but ask better questions than "should I invest". How about "why is bitcoin any better than EUR?"
@_date: 2019-11-14 15:52:25
I don't know,,, the idea of a Bitcoin ATM seems archaic, not quite moving backward, but definitely just a stepping stone. Kind of like a payphone. They were kind of necessary before cellular phones, but once cellular phones became commonplace the payphone was obsolete very fast.
Crypto is similar. Right now, your options for getting crypto are (1) exchanges, requiring sign-up, maybe KYC, trade fees, deposit and withdraw timers and limits, (2) over the counter, from a real person, very hard to find (3) Bitcoin ATM. Solutions will come that make these obsolete. Maybe it's your cellular company directly lets you top-up your Samsung Blockchain wallet and adds $ to your bill, still KYC etc but at least super convenient and maybe even zero-fee or near-zero if they collect fees from merchants or elsewhere. Who knows what the future holds, but physically going to an ATM to get crypto seems like "improving" new technology with the way we used to do things.
@_date: 2019-11-04 17:40:26


This probably is not a good long-term idea / strategy. Your savings are subject to the changes of one market.
Since you're young and don't have much to lose in the first place you're probably fine and really most of us believe you'll have a higher ROI leaving your money in BTC for the next 4 years than anywhere else, but over time you should think about investing in other things.
(1) Knowledge and experience. Real value is when you're the solution to someone's problem. Knowledge is power. Invest in yourself and marketable skills. Carpentry, Construction, Plumbing, Electrical, Welding, Auto Mechanics, Electronics, Programming, Manual Labor. These things are significantly underrated.
Think of this, Satoshi created multi-billions of dollars worth of value for society,,, with knowledge. If you create something 0.01% as good out of your knowledge and labor, you've done alright.
(2) Hard assets, real estate, precious metals, raw resources. Unfortunately it's hard to own these directly and usually you have to use a custodian. This is not optimal, but it is advisable because **if** society crumbles so far that these custodial services all go away, it means things are *really really* bad.
But in any case, good on you. I genuinely thought this morning about how I do genuinely believe that BTC is going to outperform my other assets in the next 4 years and maybe I should do some re-allocation. But, no, I'm not going to because there is some benefit to having your risk profile spread among different markets / assets / etc.
@_date: 2019-11-14 18:30:14
I think you're not looking into the future. You're looking at the ecosystem today.
Sure, considering the way we're using _blockchain_ today, considering the uses of Bitcoin today. I totally agree, whether you know implementation details or cryptography details doesn't really make a difference.
My comment is more concerned with the future and the ecosystem to come. Take a step back to the 90's for instance. Back then, someone might have created a similar poster and one of their items may have been "internet". "Internet" isn't really an industry, and "knowing how internet works" is not what we would consider valuable knowledge (unless you're doing hardware or protocol development). 
But the poster wouldn't have been wrong, the point would have been that the internet is going to revolutionize our world and when you see companies who are basing their business off of using it, the likes of AOL, Amazon, and Google, these are the companies conceptualized in theory by the placeholder "internet".
That's precisely what I'm saying about the future. We don't know what it holds, we don't know how Bitcoin is going to be used and abused, we don't know what layer 2 and beyond products, projects, and services are to come, but they will be big and if they're not on this poster there's a damn big hole on the poster without a placeholder for it because it's going to define the next 20 years.
@_date: 2019-11-02 16:17:16
Tomato, tomato.
You're splitting hairs. It's like someone going to the store and using a credit card to buy their grocery and you saying. "No, you didn't *really* spend money. What you did is swipe a card and what *really* happened is ..."
Technically, you're correct, but technicalities aren't really what's important here.
@_date: 2019-11-07 17:14:14
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
@_date: 2019-11-05 15:13:05


This should be the first bullet point. Someone who mis-manages a $9.300 budget will also mis-manage a $300.000 budget. If your your whole BTC moons and you're a moron it may be more of a curse than a gift.
@_date: 2019-11-01 20:48:29
It's not ideal to have to use a Bakkt wallet / service, **but**, you can't pay with arbitrary credit cards at various merchants either. Some only accept Visa, some don't accept Visa at all even though you can "pay with a credit card". So no, this isn't perfect, but you are able to pay with real Bitcoin. This is good.
If the answer was "yes", you could still whine a step further: Well do they support Lightning? Or NFC Bitcoin payments. Even if they supported those you could whine further: "Well, do they have a terminal available so that I can pay directly from my hardware wallet?"
Let's just take this as a win and progress.
@_date: 2019-11-06 15:28:07
This was THE fastest response I've ever gotten on a comment. Well done.
@_date: 2019-11-12 19:58:59
Catchy tune, but that's describing centralized "solutions".
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:54:54


Exactly. Which is precisely why Bitcoin is valuable. Governments can't shut it down, there's no Bitcoin Corp. to freeze your wallet or go bankrupt. It is real financial liberty.


Honestly, this is a good plan. Gain 10% and get out and be happy. Then go get some real bitcoin to sit on for a few years.
I actually do use Robinhood for investment. I don't put a ton of money there, but I do have a trading strategy and Robinhood is good for just that. It's just not good for financial liberty and not good for actually taking advantage of what Bitcoin really is.
@_date: 2019-11-14 15:17:59


This is true. As long as these fiats are backed by super-powers militarily and economically they probably won't hyper-inflate like we see smaller countries fiats doing. The major powers have too much at stake.


This might be the most understated thing in crypto. We've latched onto it as currency / store of value / investment, culturally, but what "trustless" and "permissionless" actually mean for the future is totally unknown.
@_date: 2019-11-06 15:26:53
Are you joking? It hasn't popped any bubble anywhere else in the world, and $168B (the total value of all bitcoin) is nothing.
@_date: 2019-11-19 17:36:57


This assumes you know unequivocally all of the benefits of the concept of a block chain. It assumes there is no possibility any benefit exists outside of your knowledge. Pretty bold assumption.
It's much like looking at the invention of "the wheel", and saying with certainty. "This technology will only ever be used for transportation. The whole point is to put it on carts and move things from point A to point B. There is no possible other use." But, now we use wheels for gyroscopes. Not something we did before we at least observed the effects of angular momentum... Which did not happen on day one.
@_date: 2019-11-01 20:50:06
Exactly. They don't have terminals set up for you to pay with a hardware wallet, they don't have LN QR's yet, but man, a bunch of people on here are too negative when this is a big step forward in mainstream beginning to acknowledge the legitimacy of the ecosystem.
@_date: 2019-11-14 16:00:45


In the strictest sense of the terms, no, *Blockchain* is not an industry.
**But**, the sentiment I think is true. Basically, if you understand how Bitcoin (or other distributed ledgers) use cryptography, if you understand the concept of an immutable decentralized piece of code, you are going to be highly valuable.
Like software engineers today, companies have need of regular software to facilitate business process, increase reliability and productivity while reducing clerical errors, etc.
Companies will need,, I guess still software engineers, people who can implement / tweak / make use of existing systems to automate and streamline what they're already doing.
There are going to be ecosystems built on layer 2, layer 3 that need new ideas, company-specific requirements etc, and people are going to be in high demand to get this stuff done.
@_date: 2019-11-06 22:55:39
I agree with lottery comments. Largely, these people will mis-manage and squander gains, maybe lose them, literally.
But, there will be some winners. Companies who are beginning to invest in BTC technology and holding any as cash may turn into the next FANG unicorn companies. My guess is some of the big tech companies are already doing this. They'll basically be regarded the same way they are now.
Individuals? My guess is some will go on to create big successful companies because they have capital to run with some great and innovative ideas. I think we'll view those people in the same light as we view Gaites, Bozos, Musky today.
@_date: 2019-11-11 23:54:58
These companies are not stupid and they hedge with real Bitcoin. Might not be Robinhood personally. Might not be Hedges-R-Us, might not be CME. But yes, investments in paper / fake Bitcoin make their way back to on-chain impact because companies do not want to be bankrupt.
I totally understand why people don't like CME futures, and I understand why people (rightfully) say it's not Bitcoin.
I am not taking an opposing position. I am not saying that Bitcoin = CME futures.
I'm making a broader point, that BTC offerings on platforms like those listed by OP are good for Bitcoin because for someone to sell Bitcoin derivatives, somewhere up the chain is hedging with real Bitcoin. Likely this is occurring all the way up the chain.
Imagine you are a company like Robinhood. You offer Bitcoin for sale. Now assume you sell $10,000,000 worth of this paper bitcoin and only have it in your DB as suggested by OP. Now imagine price of Bitcoin goes up 30% and half of your paper BTC gets liquidated by your users taking profits.
All of a sudden, if you as a company were not hedged, you've just paid out $6,500,000.... Now, assuming Bitcoin never goes back down, you as a company are in the hole... Even if it goes back to its original price and users cash out without a gain, you're now down a total of $11,500,000 when the purchasers only put in $10,000,000. So you as a company are out $1,500,000.
This is an absurdly stupid way to do business. Yes it's possible that a company does business this way, but it is extremely unlikely.
In reality, they hedge. Maybe it's real Bitcoin that Robinhood acquired and is holding physically. Maybe it's futures they're holding. Your argument and OP's argument is that it's 100% futures. Nothing on-chain.
While this is possible, it doesn't magically stop there. The same problem exists for whoever they're buying futures from.
Whoever is in charge of supplying them their hedge is likely hedging themselves. Imagine if they weren't. Imagine if you were some futures party and you sold Robinhood their hedge. Robinhood buys $10,000,000 worth of Bitcoin futures from you. What happens when Bitcoin goes up 30%. When it comes time to settle the future, this futures provider is out the 30%. This is a supremely stupid way to do business. Sure, it's possible to do business like this but it's a very good way to go bankrupt so chances are, the hedge provider is themselves hedging.
Don't think I'm misunderstanding you. Because I read your comment and understood it. To your point on:


Yes. This is specifically for brokered futures. *But* the brokered futures market is not mature enough or liquid enough to meet the hedging needs for companies like Robinhood. In order for 100% cash settled hedging like this to work you need sufficient order depth AND settlement options.
I'm sure these brokered futures that are 100% cash settled *do* account for some amount of these hedges, but Robinhood doesn't sit there and a $10,000 investment in Bitcoin comes through their system and they call up CME at that moment and say, "Hey, I need a $10,000 future on Bitcoin settled in 1 month vs 6 months vs 1 year". What would happen if CME said, "Sorry, none available for that amount or that settlement date". 
Robinhood says, to their users, "Sorry, can't complete the trade even though we say we offer Bitcoin trading... can't get a future in hand right now."
No, this would not be suitable. Is not suitable, and is not what happens in reality. At least not 100% as you and OP fear.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:37:01
No, 3rd party is fantastic if it's accessible.
The cold hard fact of today is that BTCPayServer itself as it is, is way too cumbersome, requires too much setup, maintenance and domain knowledge. Regular Joes, mom's and pops simply are not going to adopt it any time soon.
Likewise, corporations aren't going to either. Not that they don't have the resources to hire a room of developers to build any infrastructure they need and educate their IT departments to support it.
Don't get me wrong, these "no 3rd party" solutions are the future and they will become easy and second-nature, embedded even in devices themselves. But IMO, today a 3rd party solution could be implemented within 6 months and if marketed well could actually mean adoption and allowing us to kickstart the revolution and being able to spend and work for Bitcoin very soon.
Edit: important punctuation.
BTCPayServer being accessible, low barrier, and allowing us to use our Bitcoin at real businesses on the ground, pay for our petrol and groceries etc. No, that is 5 years away easily.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:42:34
There has been an influx in the last week I feel of "should I invest", "convince me", "good time to buy?" posts.
The title is critical.
Anyone who doubts Bitcoin ought to think about that fact hard. One of the largest tech companies on the planet is doing its best to make an imitation.
World governments are doing their best to make an imitation while attacking the original.
The original has no figurehead single point of failure, no owner, is implemented and working and has been working for years. It amazes me that people ask to be convinced.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:34:31
At least ask. We'll never see it happen if no one is asking.
But in practice, until it's an option to get BTC directly from your employer just use an exchange and do it manually.
@_date: 2019-11-12 20:01:19


This isn't exactly what I'm looking for. Most of these are either centrally controlled, or Bitcoin clones (still fixed supply) and not pegged or backed by something with real value.


This is a problem when you want to have prices that you don't want to update daily. Like having a menu with prices on it. You could not successfully have a restaurant today with prices listed in satoshi.
@_date: 2019-11-06 23:01:37
Nothing can compete with Bitcoin. Especially not something with a figure-head and centralized control. Period.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:44:01
No. Regular currency (fiat) that is issued by governments is by its nature less valuable next year than it is today. So if BTC is worth $10,000 today and worth the same next yer, that means BTC has decreased in value.
Value is the notion of "what you can get with it", i.e. how many sandwiches or lambos. A sandwich today satisfies your hunger X amount. A sandwich next year (not the same sandwich) also satisfies your hunger X, so it does **not** typically lose value over time.
BTC, unlike traditional currency does not magically (or by predictable means) become less valuable over time. Barring catastrophe (catastrophe is possible, a major sun flare for instance), based on economic principles of scarcity, utility, desirability, network effects, etc, in theory Bitcoin should tend to be more valuable year over year.
@_date: 2019-11-29 20:45:50
Lack of merchants is the biggest hurdle.
There are multiple decent wallets, and most me people don't have to sift, they just need a recommendation from a friend and that would suffice.
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:31:01
Wow! I can't believe it actually worked. Thanks you for the 4 BTC I got for freedom, this is great!
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:10:21
The ONLY thing you're saying that is true is, **Buy from a reputable bitcoin exchange that allows cryptocurrencies withdrawal**. This is decent advice, the rest of what you're saying is nonsense.


How does buying something from the platform have any impact on bitcoins in circulation at all?


Plus, in practice these companies are in the business of making money. Allowing BTC buys without actually holding some BTC would be financial suicide. No CEO or board of directors would allow this, ever.
Is buying from these platforms the best way buyers can benefit the crypto eco-system, no. But is it better than nothing, yes.
@_date: 2019-11-07 17:23:17
 
Havling is a reduction in the amount of newly mined Bitcoin. Basically, less to go around. Theory (and history) suggests this means a price increase around the time of halving. Self-fulfilling prophecy, hype, fomo, etc contribute to the idea that price will increase.
Timeframe is May 2020.
With $1000, if you buy today, you're locked in at today's price, basically you paid $1000 for X Bitcoin.
However, if you look forward to being fully invested, all $1000 in Bitcoin by say April, you have \~5 months to accumulate Bitcoin and chances to lower your acquisition cost.
For instance, buy $200 worth today. Plan on buying $200 on the 1st (or pick a date) of every month. But!!! If you see Bitcoin price fall on a particular day, you can buy early! So price falls 10% and you buy then, now you have 10% more Bitcoin than you would've had if you put it all in initially.
Of course, the opposite is possible, you might only see % gains and price going up?! You're kicking yourself for not putting the whole $1000 in initially. Not to worry though, you had gains on your initial $200, and you're scheduled to buy $200 more in the near future, so just enjoy the appreciation on what you already have staked.
That's basically the point. You get your finger in the pie early, and then keep pressing in until you've no more finger left. Then you start taking out loans to buy the dip because,,, it's got to go up at some point,,, right??
@_date: 2019-11-06 22:05:04


I wrestle with this myself, but I believe I'll be kicking myself in the future. So, there is a portion of my BTC stake that I will not liquidate, probably ever, even facing bankruptcy I will probably keep this stake and move onto the street, or worse move in with family, before cashing it out. 
Then there is a portion that I am waiting until X% of it can pay for certain things. I'll probably follow that model forever. Basically, when X% of my sellable BTC stake can pay for Y, I'll do it. Then, I'll continue to hodl the remainder until X% of my stake can pay for Z... so on and so forth. That way I am gaining benefit outside of just accumulating value in BTC i.e. other assets, but maintaining BTC too.
If it were me, I would cash out as much as 50%. But if there's a way to get your property with a loan, that is way better. An apartment should be positive cash flow very quickly and will easily pay its own bills (if it doesn't you probably shouldn't be buying it).
Then you get the best of both worlds. You can cash out BTC at any time if you must thereafter, but holding debt in an ever inflating fiat while holding an appreciating asset (BTC or Land / Apartment) is a win win. Interest is supposed to fix this from the lender perspective, but rates are low... My view is that any debt you can sustain today while holding crypto is a damn good move.
In 5 years, your $400k USD of remaining debt (just guessing) in today's dollars may be only $360k USD in today's dollars due to inflation. Compound that with the possibility of substantially higher value coin.
@_date: 2019-11-11 17:54:40


Sure. This isn't wrong or bad though "there’s nothing that can be done to stop it so it is what it is". Yes people should be educated to understand the difference between paper bitcoin and Bitcoin. And that portion of OP's post I do totally agree with.


I also agree with this. It's not **as beneficial**. Is correct. But OP was suggesting that it actually hurts BTC and drives price down when people use these platforms and that simply is not correct.
@_date: 2019-11-06 22:49:45
I don't see the full mempool and high fees as a problem. This is the nature of the system under FOMO. It's not "solved" now, segwit does not solve it, exchange batching helps (and is even incentivized by this attribute).
 Can it be solved, probably, but I don't think it's a necessity. We ought to be migrating away from using the Bitcoin chain directly for every transaction. In my view, ideally LN and other Layer 2 and 3 products **must** be developed (and utilized) for most every-day transactions. Base-layer need not support tens of thousands of transactions per minute.
@_date: 2019-11-07 16:26:40
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:15:53


No, this is wrong, this isn't all they're doing.


This is correct for buyers / customers. When you or I buy through one of these platforms you and I don't get a transaction has or withdraw options.


But this isn't true
All of these companies **DO** have stake in BTC, and there ARE transactions which are taking place on-chain directly caused by trades on their platform. No, it's not one-to-one, no when you place a "buy" order that doesn't immediately result in an on-chain transaction for that amount. But it simply is not true that these companies are completely isolated from real BTC.
@_date: 2019-11-07 15:22:36
(1) It is a risky investment. Bitcoin is experimental. Maybe start calling it "gambling" instead of "investing"
(2) Not your keys, not your Bitcoin
(3) Do your research, it's no one else's fault when you buy a shiny coin that someone says they pried out of their computer with a screw-driver when "mining" for bitcoin.
(4) Bitcoin is not easy yet. It's not for the masses or the faint of heart. Buy, put on hardware wallet correctly, make sure your browser isn't hacked and changing the destination address when you're sending your coins.
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:52:08
I think OP totally orange pilled on the intro to Bitcoin stuff and (rightly) has latched onto "not your keys not your bitcoin", but at the same time doesn't quite understand how stuff works.
@_date: 2019-11-14 16:16:51
The superpowers are all in this together though. Who holds that debt?
It's like a family. Dad tells son, "Look, I need the yard cleaned up. I can't pay you but I'll owe you the car this weekend". Son has homework to do, but really wants the car on the weekend. So he says, "Sister, do my homework for me today and I'll owe you a ride to the mall. Dad's letting me use the car Saturday, so I'll take you and your friend then." Sister was going to help with dinner tonight, but is now doing homework. Uncle Bill was going to make dinner tonight, but without help from sister he decides to call pizza in. He tells Dad to pay for the pizza. Dad spends the money and the next day has to trade the car to the plumber to fix the loo. 
Son is pissed off that he can't get the car on the weekend, sister is pissed off she can't get the ride, Dad is pissed because he doesn't have a car. Everyone is upset, but it's in no one's best interest to collect on the debt. Collecting on the debt hurts the household hurts me.
In the real world, it ends up being those at the lowest rungs that keep getting advantage taken of them, so they form dictatorships so that at least the powerful in their own little ecosystem can be rich for a time. But the end of the story is that we kind of **can** go on doing this forever. So long as a tipping point isn't reached. But as long as the superpowers are in the house together they'll play tariff games, money printing games, and Brexit games to try to get the upper hand against one another but it's in everyone's best interest to keep afloat. Because if we actually call on that debt, catastrophe for everyone.
@_date: 2019-11-14 17:49:48
My vision is that Bitcoin is embraced and a leap forward toward self-sovereignty.
Today, in Western democracies, there are votes for representatives, the "majority" (theoretically) get their way and their way is forced on the minority. Even those who "won" probably don't have their exact beliefs and policies implemented it's just a representative which more closely aligns with them than the alternative.
At least, this is how we're seeing it play out in a lot of modern countries like the US. In the case of the president for instance, you have a relatively small pool of people to draw from to get your team's candidate. You probably aren't crazy about them, but the other team's candidate is so absurd you have to align with your team.
I see Bitcoin as another leap forward which transcends the need for "representatives". I feel like we're moving toward a society and world where we don't need majorities electing elites to decide how the whole spends their money.
Bitcoin ushers in freedom.
When we are our own bank and the elite power structures don't get to decide when and how you use your money, if you want to fund a war, you get to decide to (or more importantly decide NOT to). When you want to fund a new public transit system with the people in your metro, you can pool money by smart contract (go fund me, but smart contractized with specific rules about the terms of the projects, what contractor requirements are, etc). We eliminate a whole structure of corruption and pay to play scams. 
Power is taken out of the hands of government, corrupt officials, etc.
Yeah, I know, I'm dreaming. But in time, this could actually be reality. And I welcome it.
@_date: 2019-11-06 22:59:40
It always depends on electricity costs, but I would think that it would be a better investment to get a modern miner.
I mined with a single S9 more for learning than anything. I received my miner 2018 January and mined until the crash was hard enough that it seemed better to sell the hardware than to continue mining with it. In my region, after (globally pretty low) electricity costs I needed my mined BTC to be sold at a price of $8500 (price was lower when I stopped mining) to turn a profit.
@_date: 2019-11-05 15:32:27


I do totally agree with you on this point. And I agree with LN and sidechains for scaling.
And I agree, bakkt and bakkt-like custodial solutions that could be implemented without any on-chain activity are non-optimal. But, I still think it's good for the crypto-verse.
@_date: 2019-11-18 20:26:15


You might reason this, but that is so damn short sighted. 


I disagree. Companies aren't just full of dimwits. Yes, I agree that there is a level of excitement about using the most hip new terms like *blockchain*, but in reality no companies don't just throw money at stuff. Governments may, but companies usually don't thrown money away.


I'm not sure this is true.
Imagine this. Imagine a genesis block which has data content and a hash, etc. This data actually includes computer code for a compiler. Now people can audit that code and verify there aren't back-doors built into the compiler etc. Now, someone can create a transaction which includes modifications to that code, maybe even adds new code, say a bitcoin core client. They share these transactions (no, coins / money are not ben transferred in this fantasy land I'm creating) and other people make their own transactions,, there's a "mem-pool" of sorts, etc.
Now, Bill creates a new block. He includes in it some code changes that optimize the compiler code, adds some new features to the bitcoin client, maybe adds code for something else. He creates a new block, which is verifiable by digital signature and is part of the chain. This happens 1,000 times and you have a big software suite that is open source, shareable, can be audited back to the genesis block etc.
The value of this blockchain is the record of software changes, meta-data about who made the commits / changes to the software, signatures by certain individuals etc. Embedded within this blockchain might also be the hash of the latest Bitcoin block to serve as an indisputable timestamp. This way, no one can fake the history of software changes.
The incentive to "mine" is by getting your changes applied to the software. This is beneficial for anyone using the software suite who wants their changes shared. The incentive to use that blockchain is that you have a verifiable history and timeline of the software you're running / coding against.
No need for a currency.
@_date: 2019-11-12 18:04:07
That is true of today's Bitcoin. There isn't enough transaction bandwidth, infrastructure, etc to support even 10% of the worlds use of currency.
Thankfully, Bitcoin is software and that means as we think of new real solutions to problems that exist today, we can fix them. Today, the Bitcoin chain can handle what's being thrown at it and there are other projects like Lightning Network which are designed to accomplish specific needs.
Just because the Bitcoin we know and love today cannot solve certain issues or be used for every purpose doesn't mean it can't or won't.
Further, Bitcoin itself as a day-to-day currency on its own may not be the answer. It was the initial design, but since it's fixed supply, people will tend to not want to spend it.
It might be better for day-to-day transactions to use something that is inflationary, that does have the transaction volume capabilities of world-wide adoption. Ideally this inflationary day-to-day currency is backed by Bitcoin and has some predictable inflation structure built into it so that it's non-volatile and can be used to price things and its value adjusted. Because it's not suitable to price things in BTC since the value fluctuates so much.
@_date: 2019-11-14 17:55:08
Maybe. This is a pretty narrow perspective that assumes you have all of the information about who and how blockchain or bitcoin are used in the future. We simply don't know what the future holds.
But! it is not absurd to me to think that there will be companies who specialize in implementing quality control, automation, and business process enforcement mechanisms within other companies.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:18:58


I agree with you to an extent, but this is the history of money so it's totally relevant to discuss rocks, metals, and coins. Especially when talking about store of value, with respect to the debate.


I totally disagree with you on this. "store of value" is critical in anyone who has or wants to retain wealth. This is a conversation that should be discussed.
The rest of your comment is great. Your description of the value of BTC is really clear.
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:27:59
I run two.
Plus, I think we'll see more come online as adoption comes. Especially as merchants are onboarded and run their own btcpay-type servers, there'll be nodes all over the place.
Who knows what the future holds, but I will not be surprised if a BTC-node or equivalent software layer is built into a smartphone OS. Bitcoin isn't just money, it's a platform that's going to handle tons of interactions.
It won't be long before we have satellite internet worldwide either free or nearly free with high-bandwidth. With that AND peer to peer secure communications by wifi / bluetooth / 8G / etc, it's easy to imagine a spamless world where you don't need Verizon to route your call but it's done and funded via open-source peer-to-peer infrastructure and built into the communications infrastructure is a mechanism that if someone spam-calls you you can charge them 200sat and they consent to that possibility by calling you.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:43:04
When you made this comment, yes. As it is today, no. I have realized (now in fiat, paying bills) gains **AND** have accumulated more BTC **AND** have a solid DCA position now. But you keep hodling...
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:41:03
Bitcoin doesn't need help.
If you're commenting on YouTube videos, you probably need to be doing something more productive. 
...I say As tears welt up in my eyes because I'm commenting on a reddit post about commenting on YouTube videos, have not showered or gotten dressed and I'm drinking at 11:30 in the morning.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:38:24


This is fine for enthusiasts. But for the average person you're saying, "Hey, you like using your credit card, right!? How about use crypto instead, it's simple, all you have to do is (1) go set up an account with KYC at a crypto exchange, (2) transfer real cash to that exchange (3) wait 3-5 days for ACH to complete (4) Actually put in an order or market buy and wait for it to get filled (5) set up an account at crypto.com (6) transfer your crypto there (7) get your crypto-debit card (8) sacrifice your 2% cash-back you're getting now from chase or wherever"
Yeah, this is not going to onboard anyone, I'm sorry. I think the proof is already in the pudding. As an enthusiast I got a Shift crypto debit card, this was years and years ago. The fact is this "solution" for onboarding has existed for a long time and it does NOT work.


Their minds would be changed if they had someone who was helping them. And then with a little promotion, guaranteed, they'd see crypto-people come spend just for the sake of spending. And, if the business starts hodling some, they will see those gains as well. Yes, a bit of a hassle, but this is exactly the type of hand-holding that we enthusiasts need to be doing to make this happen.


I couldn't agree with this more. Someone has to pave the way though and it's now that we do this paving. It's now that we take the risk and hand-hold our small businesses through the process. Some will fail at it, it will cost more than it gains for some, but especially for the early adopters who can afford to hodl and contact the appropriate taxation entities etc to do their best to comply... These are the people who are going to reap huge benefits.
@_date: 2019-08-27 22:18:27
Yeah, but those 90% of people that think the same are already in BTC.
Remember, 90% of people who bought at $10 thought it'd be worth $100 someday... They weren't wrong.
@_date: 2019-10-30 21:49:36
Man, I love this.
I see a future where a person
(1) finds a video of this on a media website etc and is directed to a step-by-step **simple** how-to which instructs them to
(2) purchases the necessary hardware (including some security mechanism, even a steel cage with a lock anything very simple), let's say 100 Euro
(3) They connect to this thing via web browser and ad-hoc wifi network (hosted by pi)
(4) Set up a mobile LN wallet, fund channel for the ATM
(5) Connect ATM to a public or private wifi, secure with chain / cable / security camera / steel cage, whatever is appropriate for the location.
(6) Monitor channel, re-stock as needed, come collect money as needed
Even add something to the code (totally transparently) that takes a 0.01% cut to the creator. I would definitely leave that in the code as a thank you for your innovation.
@_date: 2019-10-25 20:49:06
You haven't dug deep enough I think.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:41:20
Remember how hodling would have given me 140% since April?
Guess who still has realized gains AND a DCA ready to make more money?
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:32:18
You're 100% right. We *may* never have a rally like that. But then again, we *may.*
My belief is that we will, and that it will be more drastic than 2017. There are more people aware of BTC, and fomo will be worse once we come above 20k for some time. I do think 20k may be a tough barrier to get through and once we're through it people might get very scared and bring us right back to 14 or 12. But once we've cracked it sentiment will begin shifting. After holding above 20k for a short period, fomo will strike average joe again and we'll have another wave, plus the people already in (yeah we'll all be back to saying "wish I bought when it was 7k").
In the meantime, there are still only 21M total, so the pool of people wanting some is getting bigger while the pool of supply is not.
@_date: 2019-10-28 18:32:37


Just to keep perspective, there was equally as much selling activity as buying. And! we don't actually know how many people bought and sold. There may very well have been more sellers than buyers.
@_date: 2019-10-09 20:57:15
The whole point of blockchain is proof of history. You don't need that in a privately controlled environment. I'm not sure you understand blockchain, let alone bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:08:13
I'll give you my opinion.
I have been in the crypto-space for a few years. I consider myself entrepreneurial and have a goal of setting up a website which accepts lightning payments exclusively. So I've recently set up a lightning node (a little more effort than is easy, but worth it).
I've also sank some BTC into it, creating some channels and buying \~$150 worth of gift cards via [ and another \~$500 via [ on Amazon. I didn't get my cashback I'd typically get paying with a credit card, but I'm investing in my understanding of how stuff works and it gives me an excuse to accumulate a tiny amount as I need to get BTC to make these payments.
I would say, yes. You should do it, if for nothing else the LN payments are instant and you're not waiting on confirmations. You just pay and you're done, though you do need to set up channels etc before you reap the benefits. But this is definitely the future and it's a way more efficient way to pay, cutting out the middleman (credit card companies).
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:47:55
Onboard local merchants, onboard local merchants, onboard local merchants.
There is not ONE place I can physically go spend BTC on-chain or LN in my area. No restaurant, no goods or service provider.
If there were a brewery or restaurant, I would make it my go-to place and make it an excuse to accumulate more monthly and go spend. When merchants start accepting, I can start answering the question "Where can you spend it?" without saying, "Oh go use this website / extension / etc / to buy gift cards first." That is ridiculous for anyone except enthusiasts.
The holy grail is the monthly payments. AT&amp;T (I begrudgingly pay with BitPay), Gas Stations, Utilities, power, water, and groceries. When I can buy those things with BTC, literally I'll be converting 30% of my income to BTC monthly.
@_date: 2019-10-24 22:33:36
What the hell is even Bitcoin!? Is it the mining computers thing? My question is how the coins got in there in the first place! Why would the manufacturer put coins inside the computer.
@_date: 2019-10-29 16:30:17
Maybe a "get free eventually" scheme.
Not enough people accept, want, believe in, or know what BTC is for it to provide much real freedom. If you buy today, you have a real risk of losing 30% of your value by tomorrow. Hodl for 3 years, and you might have gotten more rich and more free, but you'll get neither quickly unless you're supremely lucky in your buy and sell times.
@_date: 2019-06-04 21:47:34
Yep, bought in last night as I saw the discount price. Transferred 5x the amount (USD) I bought last night to exchange for more buying, won't be available for trading until weekend, damn.
@_date: 2019-10-25 20:49:54
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:35:34
Theoretically any semi-reasonable company is interested in making money and balancing risk and reward. If they truly are NOT backing with real BTC sufficiently, they put themselves at tremendous risk. It would be absolutely crazy not to leverage against drastic swings in BTC price. They know that BTC could (maybe not likely) drop to $2k and sit there for 6 months, OR, (maybe not likely) rocket past $20k never to return. IF they are not holding BTC and the latter occurs, they're going bankrupt and likely people are going to prison. It's only those who still have capital who avoid the consequences of stealing everyone's money in schemes.
@_date: 2019-10-17 20:25:54
It's hard to tell because there is plenty of wash trading and basically zero accountability for exchanges to even report real trade data. So we don't have a damn clue as to how much BTC is actually changing hands. But, if you trust estimates from the websites tracking trade volume we're somewhere in the range of say 9-15 **B**illion dollars. Even if we cut the low end of that back by 50% and say 5 billion. The 2020 halving will result in a daily reduction of $7 **m**illion supply side. That means, every day, the supply is less than 1% smaller than it was pre-halvening. Not a big difference.
Granted, that difference compounds over time. Don't get me wrong halving is good for price growth, but the reality is that this supply shortage will take time to actually be reflected in reality.
That being said, people over-exaggerating the immediacy of the effects,,, THAT may give us a big price run-up (read bubble). We'll see. My strategy. (1) accumulate, never let your BTC position get smaller. (2) Buy more, sell some for profit on the way up. (3) DCA your position as little bumps move price down. Rinse and repeat, and you get real tangible gains that can be realized in fiat for paying bills over the course of months and more importantly your BTC investment continues to grow for the future. BTC isn't the new gold standard yet, but I believe it will be, and as more and more people onboard and accumulate, the price will reflect that and continue to rise.


Yes, absolutely. In time.
@_date: 2019-06-15 16:05:53
Top comment is best answer. You're fighting a losing battle if you're trying to explain the technical side of Bitcoin. The technical side is for computer nerds, and it's not going to sell normal people on its validity, future, or use.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:24:08
This is 100% true if it were the case, but that's not how they're doing it. They don't have an order book where you say, "I'll short at X for this duration" and then you have to wait until the order is filled by the buyer. (I think that'd be way better if that's what it were) I haven't used it but their website clearly contradicts this notion suggesting daily and monthly products.
@_date: 2019-06-26 21:35:24
For fun, I ran my numbers
Annual Income / 365 **=** Daily Income
Daily Income \* 100 **=** Value at which a 1% gain is equivalent to my daily income
Value at which a 1% gain is equivalent to my daily income / BTC price **=** \# of BTC I need to be living off 1% average daily value increase by selling off the gains only (retaining net BTC)
What I learned: I need a lot more BTC **and** BTC price needs to grow exponentially forever. This is not a feasible plan for me.
@_date: 2019-06-10 21:23:39
This dialog earned a follow from me. I'll be keeping an eye on your project. I hope you have success, sounds great.
@_date: 2019-06-04 14:17:29
I'm surprised the "rationalized gambling" response has the same comment score (at time of writing) as your comment. It's a shame people can't read and understand because what you're saying is spot on. I hope you're rolling in profits.
@_date: 2019-06-27 19:56:19
Hodling today I would've lost a lot of those gains. As it is, I've realized gains that aren't at risk.
@_date: 2019-06-06 14:57:45
Sounds great. We need tools like this. Right now primary target seems to be hobbyist, but I think solutions like this will change the world.
Entrepreneurs, small and large businesses alike. When these parties are able to 
(0) configure the node with just a couple clicks using pre-built configuration templates (with the option of getting into the details)
(1) buy a tool (bitcoin + lightning node and hardware to run it) like this off the shelf 
(2) buy or build open source hardware that can integrate for POS payment processing (no middle-man, they charge the customer, the customer pays, the money hits their wallet which they own private keys for), 
and 
(3) there is an easy way to drop-in payment processing tools on their website that go directly to their wallet
The gains in efficiency, privacy, and liberty when this is possible will have booming and compounding returns.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:53:52
Yeah as a company selling a product, guaranteed future sales for you is zero benefit.
@_date: 2019-06-06 22:33:22
Yes, I like btcpayserver, still too technical for everyday people. We are getting there though.
@_date: 2019-12-02 03:22:29
Right. It'll take time for certain wallets to become household names for people not in the space. Unfortunately, as soon as a name becomes household, that means we "trust" it.
@_date: 2019-12-06 22:49:54
Mainly because their business model isn't "Make risky investments". Their business model is to make hard goods. So yes, this does entail risk, but it gets more of their cars on the road etc. It's far more aligned with what the company is set up to do.
@_date: 2019-12-06 22:48:38


Ideally no. Ideally there would be standardized ways to write a smart contract (controlled by code) which disperses the BTC appropriately. We aren't there yet, the ecosystem isn't ready for it and the software hasn't been developed to handle stuff like this, but that is what I was fantasizing about.
In practice today Yes I'd be signing a contract with Tesla, depositing the BTC somewhere, maybe in a 2 of 3 multi-sig address so that when the time comes neither of us gets the BTC unless we reach agreement. But yes, I'm willing to trust a company like Tesla with (today's dollars $8k) a contractual agreement because I genuinely do not believe Tesla is going to screw me over $8k and tarnish their reputation, right? Yes, there's a risk that they do, but if they actually put this on their website, it's a risk I'd be willing to take.
But yes, to your point, I agree with you. Just because Bitcoin gives financial sovereignty and we can be our own banks,,, doesn't remove the need for lenders, financial services, arbitration, etc.
@_date: 2019-12-06 23:07:53
Absolutely. It's already sorted. No one is forced to use Facebook. Even after Cambridge Analytica did people deactivate their Facebook?
You may not personally like those two companies, and others may verbally agree with you, but it's just lip service. It's just like the 99%ers who occupy wall street while ordering products off amazon using their iPhone.
It's totally unprincipled clowns who want something for nothing and think they can change the world by posting meme's.
The market has deemed Google a winner and DuckDuckGo an honorable mention. Plain and simple, that's the truth.
@_date: 2019-12-16 17:19:32


Oh, this is gross.
@_date: 2019-12-06 23:00:39
Yeah, basically. I don't think it's as stupid as you do.
Yeah, there is a chance that they end up selling some Cybertrucks at a discount, but they get
- market share, additional people NOT buying other EV brands
- customer acquisition
- more Teslas on the road
- numbers, even if it's marginal, their sales numbers indeed go up
These are all benefits IF they sell at a discount because BTC isn't worth as much... But,,, maybe Bitcoin hits MSRP and they get full price too!
@_date: 2019-12-02 03:21:24
It is bullish because people need to see institutions trusting and interested in Bitcoin for it to be credible to them. Sucks, but this is the truth.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:26:50


The issue with this is that if I have 1btc today, and wait until Cybertruck is available and my 1 btc is worth say $60k, I'm not cashing out my BTC, I'm hodling.
What makes this different is that it's a gamble. Tesla's gamble in this agreement would be that BTC is at or above break-even cost to produce a Cybertruck. My gamble is, I spent $60k that I otherwise wouldn't have.
So **if** BTC goes above $60k Tesla gets a profitable sale they otherwise wouldn't have.


This is absolutely true. A smart contract would be great, but the infrastructure isn't there today to do this in a trustless way, I get that.
@_date: 2019-12-06 23:08:21
Yeah, agreed.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:27:43
This is true, but I don't really see a multi-billion dollar company sacrificing their reputation for likely a few million dollars worth of BTC, that isn't really rational.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:20:06
Mainly because I **do** want a Cybertruck.
We have no guarantee of BTC actually being at or above $60k, and if it is above $60k without this contract I wouldn't be buying a Cybertruck with it. But,, if Tesla were willing to take the gamble, I'd be willing to commit to spending the BTC with them rather than elsewhere.
@_date: 2019-12-06 23:12:35


If BTC price hits $60k by that time, then they are selling vehicles they wouldn't have otherwise sold. That is not a "lose" scenario, I'm sorry but even at 14 I understand selling cars is good for companies in the business of selling cars.


Hey, now you're using your noodle. Sounds like a win-win to me. Not only does Tesla sell a bunch of Cybertrucks, we now have a bunch of wealthy hodlers too.
edit: fixing quote
@_date: 2019-12-16 16:55:47
I've been saying this for a decade.
@_date: 2019-12-06 15:49:31
I hope you listened to others and have dropped this.
When you make this small deposit to verify yourself, that is real BTC. The moment you "deposit" it, you no longer control the keys and it's no longer yours. The scam is over and you've lost.
You send him the 2.2 and then try to withdraw what remains... You won't be able to. The site will error out or say you're not verified, etc.
The end of this story is that you lose 0.04 BTC and learn a hard lesson the hard way.
Or,,, you listen to everyone here and learn the same lesson the easy way. By not letting your greed cloud your judgement. Choose wisely.
@_date: 2019-12-16 17:24:31


but this isn't a \*real\* problem if it's not you specifically being abused,,, right?


This is one of those many services the state provides in return for tax dollars. They keep us safe from ourselves. We should be down on our knees with gratitude.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:32:45


Umm, this exists with non-autonomous vehicles too...


I believe the market sorts this stuff out.


I'm not convinced of this, but I don't write it off either.


No, it's a way more capable truck for the same price, that will be able to drive me so I can do other things while getting to my destination with higher efficiency. There is a lot more than buzzwords here.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:44:13


I don't think this is true. For me, without an agreement like this I will almost certainly **not** be buying a Cybertruck. Even if BTC hits $200k by the time the Cybertruck is being delivered I have other priorities.
So it makes sense for Elon because it **is sales he would not have otherwise**.
It is a gamble though. If BTC doesn't hit $60k he's selling at a loss.


This doesn't make any sense for me. I could do this just by buying and hodling today and decide whether to buy the Cybertruck later.
@_date: 2019-12-04 18:46:31
Honestly, I thought it'd be there by now. I'm still a bit surprised it's not. I do expect it within 5 years.
@_date: 2019-06-27 19:56:05
Hodling today I would've lost a lot of those gains. As it is, I've realized gains that aren't at risk.
@_date: 2019-12-06 22:42:53
After the last two years, who knows what'll happen. But if BTC is worth even $100k, I'm still not buying a Cybertruck with it. The only way I'd do that is if we're contracted from today, hence the post.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:12:00
You confuse "money" and "value". Just because there are only 21M Bitcoin doesn't mean we've capped worldwide value somehow. If someone performs a service tomorrow that they didn't perform today, that's added value, regardless of what we're using as money, be it beans, stones, Fiat dollar bills or Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-07 18:16:40
@_date: 2019-09-12 14:24:24
Yes, I love how complex this would have been for traditional mail users of the day.
"Wait, I need to be dialing a new phone number I don't even have memorized, own and configure communications software, use baud, bits, and a modem!? This is so complicated, no one will ever use it. It's just for tech nerds. Internet is dead."
@_date: 2019-09-06 02:33:46
It was goofy, but I think it was right for the video. Not taking itself too seriously. I liked it. I think they worked fine.
@_date: 2019-09-04 20:41:45
Yeah, I decided it was worth the risk to try it after it was advertised on a channel I follow.
I will be pissed if my BTC gets stolen, but my life wont be impacted beyond being upset and that's why I'm willing to risk it to a custodian.
If* the service turns out being legit long term, then I figure as BTC price increases I'll be able to pull out interest BTC to recoup my initial investment in terms of Fiat and then basically let the rest sit there as a very long term investment. And if things go the way we all hope around here, 10 years from now it'll really be worth something and I won't have to have a 9-5 when I'm 90.
@_date: 2019-09-20 14:25:52
Nice, that's not exactly what I said. And I'm not here to convince you of anything. Your logic is terrible though.
Your argument is kind of like someone arguing against the internet in the early days..
"Internet CANNOT dominate communications because you can't stream video over email!!!"
Then someone (me) argues, "Well, you CAN send pictures and video by email, and innovation will invent new protocols for sending video. So it'll work"
Then you come back, "Internet is failing and needs new protocols to help it out?! hahaha noob!&gt;"
Listen to yourself.
@_date: 2019-09-06 02:34:14
That's funny, I didn't even think it was him, I thought it was some look-alike.
@_date: 2019-09-19 17:54:14


Can you give me an example of a deflationary currency failing in the past? No because there's never really been one. **If** the ever-increasing value of Bitcoin **actually** becomes an issue, the market sorts this out by using a derivative currency. We can even create a bitcoin-lite inflationary derivative if we actually end up needing it. But that doesn't undercut the value of Bitcoin for what it is and being the basis, even backing of this theoretical bitcoin-lite.
@_date: 2019-09-04 20:53:03
Please be very careful.
Bitcoin cash and Bitcoin SV are probably the only ones worth your time unless you have a bunch.
(1) go download those clients and get them synced up with their respective blockchains
(2) send your BTC to other addresses. If it were me, I'd break my BTC up into multiple hardware wallets.
(3) only after you're 100% sure your btc is safe, now you can use your private keys on the forked chains. Import keys, send shitcoins to exchanges, maybe 10% of your holdings to make sure the exchange let's you trade, withdrawal, etc, then repeat until you're cashed out.
You Don't want to send all of even your shitcoins to a single exchange at once. Too many horror stories of kyc verification problems, people being investigated, etc. Take it slow and careful and do things right.
@_date: 2019-09-03 16:16:38
We need to be worried, we need to be paranoid, especially concerning the things we don't fully understand. So, don't let re-assurances be enough. Keep thinking through whether you should be worried, what a hostile takeover looks like, how to mitigate it if you see it coming, etc:
This is a great video on the state attacking Bitcoin:
tldw: there are less expensive alternatives to achieving the same goal,, but in the end the cat is out of the bag in a way and there's no going back.
@_date: 2019-09-12 14:25:34
Kind of, but AOL was the entry point to the internet for millions, and millions, and millions of people.
@_date: 2019-09-03 16:23:30
I really like Electrum, try to find a nerd friend to teach you in person.
Get some BTC in your electrum wallet, if you're getting more than $100 (or more than you want to lose when your phone gets dropped in the lake), get a hardware wallet like Ledger or Trezor for long term storing your BTC.
If you want to actually spend BTC, for one get a Lightning Network wallet (I use Eclair), and with that I like foldapp for gift cards and paywithmoon plugin for Amazon purchases, but again it's not totally 100% simple so get a friend to walk you through it if possible.
[purse.io]( is really nice for amazon too.
My advice:
(1) get a small amount from a friend to your mobile phone wallet
(2) put that small amount on Lightning Network to spend
(3) go buy a hardware wallet, just do it. [
(4) now buy more, not more than you can afford, but buy some to hodl on your hardware wallet, and commit to keeping it for 5 years minimum
(5) thank me in 5 years
@_date: 2019-09-10 21:02:21
Exactly. Akon gets it but lacks the ability to teach it.
@_date: 2019-09-11 22:54:58
Sorry not a native speaker even though I'm an American.


Yes true on large amounts. That's precisely why I think people will cheat and spend small amounts only. Its like traffic speeding, if everyone's doing it only the outliners get busted.
@_date: 2019-05-16 04:12:30


Like crypto?
@_date: 2019-05-15 20:47:56
No, this is not the slam dunk home run combo we're looking for.
BUT it is good news.
It does allow Regular Joe to dip his foot in the crypto-pool and take part in the market. Regular Joe nowadays is aware that cryptocurrency exists, is aware that it crashed and died,,, and yet, showed massive gains in the last 30 days. Regular Joe is going to want to risk a little to gain a lot, and that means buy orders.
As much as we hate on the old school, TD Ameritrade and other traditional investment firms are not stupid. I know, blasphemy, but they see that there is money to be made here. When they open up crypto options, this is a new asset class that will guarantee new positions and new cash coming into their holdings. The ONLY question for TD Ameritrade is, "Is it profitable to do what we need to do to offer crypto options in a safe way to our customers?" The answer will undoubtedly be YES.
What this means for crypto and Bitcoin despite being totally off-chain and custodial is that TD Ameritrade **will** buy a portion of on-chain real crypto in proportion to their customer holdings. This is not speculation, it's what you do when you offer investments. If their customers invest in BTC options, they have to have a way to pay out returns, and that means holding a portion of real BTC to sell later.
This is an on-ramp for regular Joe, and it is a price discovery mechanism. I'm sorry to let you all down, but this is good for BTC despite being off-chain (mostly) and despite being "ye olde banking system".
@_date: 2019-05-14 16:36:07


No, he calls it garbage because it's wildly unpredictable. Smart money invests wisely, not in hopefuls. Bitcoin could go back to $1k for 3 more years. Bitcoin is not a "good" investment.
Bitcoin is a frontier where bold people have faith in it. This isn't smart, it's brave, and it's putting your money where your mouth is, and it very well make a lot of people very rich, but it's not smart. That's why reasonable people all over this sub say only to put in what you can afford to lose because it is extremely risky.


Nah, he's going to die a happy fatcat because he's already wildly successful. He'll be fine with "missing out" because in principle it wasn't a worthy investment.
@_date: 2019-05-22 01:22:43
Right, thanks, I get it now.
@_date: 2019-05-15 21:42:20


No, a "good" investment is one which balances risk and reward to optimally contribute to a desired outcome.
Bitcoin *was* a good investment 5 years ago. That is objective and irrefutable because we have history that proves it. We can look back and objectively anyone on the planet would say that yes an investment which is valued at 500x after 5 years is a good investment. Therefore Bitcoin 5 years ago was irrefutably a good investment. But that's today. Today it was a good investment 5 years ago. 5 years ago, it was a highly risky gamble.
I will say that today it is a much "better" investment than it was 5 years ago because there is data and objective realities that make it "better" than it *was* 5 years ago. But that doesn't make it a "good" investment today.
@_date: 2019-05-22 15:22:57
In the short term, this is inconvenient for suckers. In the longer term it's a necessary lesson. The sooner gullible people learn that they need to question why they believe in "credibility" bestowed by copyright the better.
@_date: 2019-05-15 20:57:44


Sure, that's fair.


That's a big stretch.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:38:54
I think one of two options
(1) We steadily rise for a bit, maybe 7k, maybe 10k, maybe 12k and then see another crypto-winter for a year or more back to $3k range before we see major lift to the next run.
(2) We are in the next major run. This feels like what's going on. Mainstream had heard of and was well aware of BTC, even regular people know it exists and knew it was a bubble, knew it burst, knew it failed and died. As news starts making its rounds to correct the conception that it's dead, regular folks are going to be asking "wait, I thought that stuff was over?!", I almost expect fomo today and in coming days, i.e. 6k, 7k, 8k, and then see massive jumps, 8k-&gt;12k in a day, 12k-&gt;18k in a day, ~~if we see this~~  when we see this, there simply is not enough supply to meet demand and things will go bonkers. Fees are going to be at $50 again per tx, and people are going to pay it for fomo. We will see $10k in a day. LOTS of people will make a lot of profit quickly and will be too greedy to cash out putting that much more strain on the supply-side.
This may not be today or tomorrow, but that will happen. Might be when we topple previous ATH at 20k, when regular joe is seeing investment articles about how the bubble is a thing of the past and we've returned beyond ATH. If regular investment platforms allow off-chain investment for regular joes, this will exacerbate things too. If Bob can put 5% of his IRA into BTC at the click of a button and a $9 fee, this will happen and Fidelity or whatever firm it is is going to HAVE to back those options with a portion of real BTC. It will get far more stupid than I think a lot of people realize.
@_date: 2019-05-15 21:42:51
No, just no.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:49:31


China is a country, a geography, geography is not sentient and doesn't "control" production in any way.
Maybe you're referring to the Chinese government. No, Chinese government does not control production of Bitcoin. In fact, if China literally sunk into the ocean and the entire geography and government were completely gone tomorrow, Bitcoin would still be getting mined.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:13:19
It's hard to tell if you're trolling, joking, sarcastic, or a real newbie.
I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. The short answer is that no one owns Bitcoin as a whole. Personal mining is possible, and even profitable depending on your electricity costs. Yes, you personally can mine bitcoin, yes for a high probability of actually getting bitcoin you would either have to invest a lot in mining infrastructure or contribute to a pool, but it is entirely possible.


One entity does NOT control its output. Part of what Bitcoin is, is a network, and it is absolutely possible that one single person running one single piece of mining equipment, even a pretty regular computer is able to mine a block and earn himself 12.5 BTC today. No, it is not likely, but YES, it is possible, and NO no miner could prevent this from happening no matter how much they tried, there is no "control" they have that can prevent this from occurring.
Yes, 100% of bitcoin that exists came from someone mining it.
Yes, "making money" by "investing" (read "gambling") in bitcoin can only happen by (1) mining, or (2) buying at current prices and selling at a higher price.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:24:58


This does not make BTC a good investment, if they had invested in ANYTHING other than their own fiat, their wealth would have been better preserved. If they had invested in almonds or motor oil or flappy bird or ANYTHING, it would have been better preserved. This doesn't say ANYTHING about Netflix, or acorns or any other investment. The only thing it describes is those failing economies.
Just because BTC "would have been better than a failing economy" doesn't make it a good investment. I'm sorry.
@_date: 2019-05-16 04:11:40
I'm sorry, but adding crypto (today) is not going to reduce your overall risk. This is ridiculous. The only reason Greece and Venezuela are examples is due to hindsight.
Point out a country who hasn't yet collapsed, and tell me crypto is safer (reduces risk) than traditional investments in that country.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:44:14
Thanks. And yes exactly. ANY service I use that will let me pay in crypto, I will take the 2% hit to do so.
@_date: 2019-05-22 15:20:40
(1) One more BTC use case
(2) Price discovery and stability. Even if it's only 1BTC per 300 paper bitcoin the market is involved here and that 1BTC is being bought-sold based on real market forces of people deciding to buy or sell. This is valuable.
(3) Legislative precedent. Unfortunately, we live in a world of laws, authority, authoritarians, and power. In many ways Bitcoin subverts that power, but in many ways cultures must adapt and respond to BTC, this is one of those adaptations that must occur and the sooner we make these adaptations the better and more efficiently we can return authority where it belongs, with individuals.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:43:00
Hmm, 2015. By 2015 I don't think I had bought a single thing directly with crypto. Maybe something from overstock, I forget when they allowed btc payments initially.
You're right that bitpay isn't new, but major US brands allowing users to pay using bitpay directly from their website, this is definitely new and definitely brings us further than where we were in 2015. Without a doubt.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:24:35


Honestly, if you believe this it may be true. So you are in the right place asking the right questions to remedy the situation. Good.
I do a bit of all that you said. I do encrypt it on a non-internet connected device and then store in the cloud. I also store paper versions with encoding. Your wallets will come with a piece of paper with 24 spaces for the seed words. Obviously if you just write your seed words there and keep it under your pillow anyone who breaks into your house and finds it (increasingly) will know what to do with it to claim your coins.
So,, come up with a way to write your seed words so that only you know what to do to get the seed phrase from there. This needs to be memorized, and needs to be shared with those trusted family members. I have family who is in the cryptoverse, and I've told them that I have an algorithm that does exist to convert my encoded seed phrases. They know the algorithm exists, so when I go missing they need to find the algorithm, recognize it, find the seed words, recognize them, decode, and use.
As long as I'm alive it's trivial for me to recover my encoded seed phrases, but anyone who stumbled on it,,, it probably isn't worth their time to try to figure out they'll give up before the get in.
Any time I encrypt or store my seed phrase, it's never plaintext, it's always encoded. This runs the risk of family never being able to recover my BTC. I'm ok with that risk at this point.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:40:03
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:45:51
As far as auto-pay, I don't think it's there yet. But it'll come.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:45:05
Nice. I didn't realize this is what it was. I just assumed it was their own thing.
@_date: 2019-05-10 22:29:48
I like it. Sure, not perfect, but great for taking someone with no clue to some idea.
@_date: 2019-05-10 22:39:46
ooof, that's bad, but an important lesson, and now you have BTC, so... you're a winner.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:39:20
Nah, we need to not care about this.
The people adding attribution to the document are an untrustworthy "trusted" third party. We shouldn't care at all whose name they put on there. We are concerned with the content of the document regardless of who penned it.
@_date: 2019-05-23 18:55:30
Ok, done. Paid my ATT bill with BTC.
I've seen the negative sentiment on this sub about BitPay. I am an ATT customer, so this post piqued my interest. I went to myatt, logged in, sure enough there was the BitPay option.
I selected it, attempted to pay, and was presented with this goofy QR (proprietary timed BitPay invoice) and no way to actually get a real on-chain address I could send BTC to from an arbitrary wallet to make the payment.
But what the hell, I went to BitPay downloaded their wallet, set it up, sent it enough to pay my bill, triggered the invoice in myatt, paid the invoice (pretty instantaneous, BUT I did get an error in the BitPay wallet). ATT notified me the payment went through successfully on screen and my bill is paid.
From seeing this post to having my bill paid with real BTC via BitPay was literally a 15 minute or less ordeal.
BitPay seems somewhat sucky, but they are providing a service at a level that ATT is willing to adopt so I don't want to hate on them too much.
We've come a long way. This is very cool.