@_author: e437bf7bd1361b58
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:18:21


A fetus isn't a moral patient depending on developmental stage, and a zygote couldn't possibly be. So abortion in the early stages of pregnancy can't be any more aggressive than masturbation, or scratching off skin cells. I kill millions of cells a day in these ways, and others. Women kill at least one gamete a month if they're abstinent or using birth control.
When I hold a newborn baby in my arms, it's obviously a human person with rights and is a moral patient. It is growing into its role as a moral agent as well. But if I could run back the clock second by second you could watch that newborn become a fetus which resembles a human, then a mass of cells, then one cell, then it would split into a sperm and egg, and even further back into the cells of the parents.
Life is a continuum. Life is a wave of information passing through matter. There's not a good line to draw and we'll always be able to quibble over moral Rubicons which shouldn't be crossed.
@_date: 2015-05-21 03:37:08


He's not really a libertarian. Look at his views on [marriage equality]( [abortion]( and [free speech]( He's just a Republican with a couple of the most egregiously unpopular positions knocked off. But that's actually huge progress. If a popular Republican candidate can be openly anti-interventionist, that's amazing news for our country.
And it's actually pretty shrewd politically, he's a good contender for the GOP nomination because he knows where the youth of the Republican party are heading on some key issues.
I'd love to see him debate Sanders.
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:36:45


Why is a fetus and not a blastocyst? Why is a blastocyst and not a zygote? Why is a zygote and not a sperm/egg *right before* fusing? At some point you have to stop attaching moral weight to these things because you'd just be paralyzed by your own morality otherwise. When that moral weight becomes significant enough to move us to action is merely the start of the conversation, not the conclusion.


I'm not sure there is a specific point. There's going to be moral implications of verying degree at every stage. There's moral implications to choosing not to have sex (to choose not to become a parent) too.
I'm as certain as I can be that people who say abortion is never OK are just as wrong as people who say it's always OK. The absolute positions for both sides seem untenable.
I'm coming from a philosophical background of naturalism, so religious arguments aren't even a consideration for me. Those arguments get swept away in the first pass. People can have those sorts of discussions but they do not interest me at all. And I don't privilege human beings as especially important; I'm more concerned for the well-being of cows raised for their meat than I am for a human zygote, for example.
It's a difficult set of problems and concerns and I don't think it'll ever be fully resolved satisfactorily. It's just one of the tragedies of the human condition that we'll never have perfect (or even good) answers to some questions.