@_author: eagenda
@_date: 2018-01-06 11:49:36
Ah yes, the CASIO watch of cars.
@_date: 2018-01-06 11:48:53
House - yes, has good fundamentals. Car - no, especially not a fancy car, no practical use cases for most users, losing value quickly, low liquidity.
@_date: 2017-12-30 11:41:57
Someone deeper in the thread wrote:








(Might be completely wrong, but that's how I see it)
Bitcoin moving sideways for a while so people chase their gains and endorphins in alts, nothing new there - psychologically trading something, anything lets them think they're in control. What's close to the top market cap wise and has a low unit price so idiots think it's affordable? Let's binge on that, if it goes on for long enough, FOMO people on the sidelines will also start selling BTC to get on the XRP train too. Every ride like that comes with it's own media attention and organic shilling from those with skin in the game. But every pump has to end with a dump (especially if it's Made In Korea), so in the end some manage to load up on profits while most chasers end up having less BTC when it's done. Then either BTC (or ETH or LTC) starts rallying again or another alt golden boy pops up for a week or two until people gradually wake up and slowly start moving funds back to safe (enough) havens of BTC/ETH, because by now they're mentally exhausted chasing gains in volatile alts. Rinse and repeat.     
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:38:38
And here I am with 100% of my stack in cold storage calmly enjoying the pandemonium. I just wish I had fiat on the exchange to buy the dip, I'm pretty sure it will be too late by the time I'm back home after Christmas, but not going out of my way to chase it is probably for the best. Having a pint and waiting for all this to blow over.
@_date: 2017-12-20 08:43:31


Yeah, no.    
Geocities will either succeed or all of internet will fail. Fortran will succeed or nobody will ever be programming again. NASA will succeed or nobody will ever go to space anymore. That is mindless dogma. Worst case scenario is delayed adoption of crypto, not total failure.    
Bitcoin is not immune to technological progress elsewhere. Obviously BCH is very unlikely to usurp it, technology to do that might not even exist yet, but it will eventually. Just a cycle of life. Even if you think of Bitcoin as a universally adopted protocol, there was telnet and then there was SSH. Someone somewhere might already be working on a ground-breaking whitepaper improving on Bitcoin and other existing cryptocurrencies immensely.
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:05:54
Nope, just astroturfing FUD, one of many similar posts recently - "I love bitcoin, changed my life, why don't you go ahead and sell some, my reddit friend?"
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:00:49
Mr Bean kinda looks like Tone Vays at 360p resolution here.
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:50:08


Good one ;) Are you a bank? - because this technology changes absolutely nothing for an average Joe, it's not intended for him by design. It's just another, under the hood, behind the scenes financial tool for the institutional players, that general public is not and has historically never been privy to and has no use for - plus it can pivot on the dime if the institutional **clients** deem it necessary, the client is always right after all. There is literally no stake to be had for an individual investor technology wise.
@_date: 2018-02-23 10:23:29


They can assume it's something of considerable worth since it's in a waterproof and fireproof container and just pass it along to someone who will figure it out. Robbers have friends too and there's a high chance some of them might also take part in criminal behavior like fraud/scams.     
Just pick a book, find the letters and digits, note the line/word/character numbers, add/multiply by your favorite number, make 20 copies of the resulting number and store in plain sight. Now you need to know the process, the book and the number and you don't need to worry about fires and floods.
@_date: 2015-09-06 13:28:24
Not sure about other people, but I've been around long enough to remember viruses playing yankee doodle on my PC and as for AV I haven't used one for 6-8 years now, it's a waste of space. If I catch some run of the mill stuff once in a couple of years I just regedit and clean stuff up myself, but I can't recall last time that happened (maybe I just don't install browser toolbars nearly often enough). And if someone who is not an out-of-the-box botnet or a script kiddie out to get me, AV is useless against targeted attacks anyway. If I'm having temporary mystery issues I'll install something quickly and do some scans to exclude the possibility, but never had any hits, bar some false positives. I think it comes down to browsing habits and common sense most of the time, these use way less resources than an AV.