@_author: eaglenewsletter
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:23:04
They didn't just change their name, they also released a statement saying they'd transition the company to one who relies and promotes blockchain technology. Still stupid but it's not just a name change.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:36:18


Only 100% gains this month, what a shockingly hard pullback. 
Also look through this thread for when it hit $900, everyone is calling bubble just like they did in every single other week and month and year since Bitcoin was developed. 
"I also think we are at bubble which will pop in new year. But not that big. Only down like 100$ (only, heh)"
"I'm detecting an imminent crash. It'll probably reach an all-time-high and maybe even go way past that, but this sudden growth out of nowhere can only startle people into a panic sell. Just my random guess."
"That's not really a random guess. It's the typical behavior of bubbles."
Another exchange will be "hacked" or some other bad news/regulation fears/etc will take place, as they always do during/after a bubble
You and everyone else who keeps some powder dry will have a nice re-entry opportunity then, around the $600-700's (from a potential $950's-1050's crash..)"
Now if investors listened to people like yourself, they would of missed out on 2000% gains from that point.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:59:18


Segwit to Segwit would have costed $5 at most, if you're willing to wait a day you can send BTC for $1.
If he sent the money from a scamming exchange like Coinbase and the VENDOR didn't even have Segwit, then that is his problem. 
Bitcoin now is kind of like using the internet in the early 90s - some people have just no idea what they are doing, and want to blame the product. 
BTC is much more a store of value than to be used for everyday transactions at this point anyway, perhaps when LN arrives transactions will be cheaper. Hell, even if 70% of people started using SegWit the mempool would be clear and it would be quite cheap.
I agree price has little to do with utility, which is why I have to laugh at all the Bcash fools who think that a quick pump after being added to coinbase means their crap altcoin will be a success. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:47:55
BCH will never replace BTC. I tried to post this as it's own post but the mods deleted.
Bitcoin is global – Most volume is outside the USA. BCH is promoted almost entirely within the English/Korean speaking world. All major proponents who are using their influence to pump it, like Roger Ver and other American scam artists, have absolutely no impact overseas. I study overseas markets and it’s blatantly obvious the vast majority of Japanese (over 50% of the market by themselves), Chinese (they are still in the market, believe me), etc have never heard of BCH. Even with incredibly fast arbitrage, BCH is trading the highest by far on US and Korean markets, with virtually no activity elsewhere. Those are two big markets, but with Japan accounting for half the world’s BTC volume by themselves, any coin that isn’t popular there has no chance of taking the top spot. The volume on the largest Japanese exchange was 22million today, one of if not the busiest day for BCH in BCH’s short history. That’s nothing.
If people are switching from Bitcoin, there are a 100 better altcoins The main reason that Bcash proponents want to re-brand it Bitcoin, is because that is their only angle. Their coin will not survive long term as a simple altcoin. In terms of transaction fees, transaction times, privacy features, etc etc they don’t have any edge over other altcoins. If someone is going to sell their Bitcoin because they’re fed up with transaction times, why the hell would they jump to an altcoin with any transaction times or fees when there are options now with no fees and almost instant transaction times or an entire host of other features? In this hypothetical scenario where everyone switches to Bcash, Bcash would simply be plagued by almost the exact same problems, right now it’s not handling anywhere near BTC’s transaction volume and they are so similar they would be plagued by similar problems. If someone is honestly fed up with Bitcoin’s time and fees, 95% chance they switch to Litecoin or one of the newer alts.
Bitcoin core can adjust or adopt any features that are in massive demand if this keeps up for a long time, and the demand is overwhelming, Bitcoin could simply adopt any and all features Bcash has. Bitcoin doesn’t exist in a vacuum, it is being worked on constantly. It might not be the pace or the direction you want, but don’t let that fool you into thinking the developers aren’t conscience beings…
Most of the people complaining about transaction fees or time aren’t using Segwit There is already a much faster and cheaper version of Bitcoin – and it exists within Bitcoin itself! Major exchanges like Coinbase haven’t upgraded to Segwit addresses yet, but they are, and that will solve a large part of the problem by itself. Coinbase, I think, actually likes the high fees since it is one of the major things keeping people’s money on their exchange… If you have $100 and it takes you $15 to transfer it off Coinbase and $15 to transfer it back on later, are you going to keep it in the exchange? Of course you are. That is another subject though, Coinbase is very dodgy.
Lightning network is already completed and being tested. People are underestimating the impact of lightning network, IMO. It already works and is there for you to test yourself. Adoption will be the main problem, especially with exchanges like Coinbase dominating the market who don’t care about the consumer and only their bottom line, however it will be there for anyone who cares to use it soon.
The market capitalization is fake. BCash might be a big deal now, but I implore anyone with a memory to think back to August 1. How many people had even heard of BCash? I did a bit of (extremely unscientific) informal polling, out of every person I know who was holding BTC at the time not one claimed their BCH, because they didn’t even hear about it until it was too late. Not everyone, in fact I’d say not even most people, have their coins sitting untouched on a paper wallet. Most people move their coins around, trade, exchange to altcoins and back, etc etc etc Now add in the fact that almost as a matter of certainty most people overseas didn’t split their coins at the time, and it becomes obvious that there really is not the amount of circulating coins they claim there are. I mean BCH’s 24hr volume as a % of their market cap is similar to Bitcoins at the moment (18% vs 13%) except this is an absolutely enormous 24hrs for BCH, with the largest exchanges in the US allowing trading and price jumps making an enormous amount of people buy and sell, yet just another day for Bitcoin. Wouldn’t you expect a much, much larger % of market cap being traded for a coin that’s only existed 4-5 months old and is going through what BCH is going through, with massive whales pumping and dumping and a speculation frenzy? Litecoin is at 50% of market cap in volume as we speak, the percentage for Bcash does not make sense to anyone intelligent. The answer is, the market cap (and thus the amount of interest in this coin) is a blatant lie, with only a certain % of English speaking investors (a minority) claiming the coin, there’s actually probably about 1/10th the market cap they claim. Every coin has a discrepancy between it’s claimed and actual market cap, but the difference in Bcash’s case is more of a blatant misrepresentation.
Look at who’s selling you BCash. It’s Ebay scammer Roger Ver, BCash fund managers, absolutely nobody respected in the community.
A lot of the gains are price manipulation. If you look at the BCH price, it shot up massively before the coinbase announcement. However, much of that rise was in the 24hrs BEFORE the announcement. Similarly, BTC dropped 9% BEFORE the coinbase announcement, then only 3% more after the announcement. To me that indicates that 9% of the BTC selling was a coordinated liquidation for Bcash, and only 3% was people panic selling or switching to Bcash naturally. This isn’t really sustainable as pumpers and dumpers are only interested in making a quick or reliable profit. An exception is Roger Ver who seems to be buying and holding in hopes of pulling the trick of the century. He might actually go down with the ship, but most won’t, and that “value” will vanish.
This is a copy + paste of the 25eagles newsletter from yesterday, twentyfiveeagles.com
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:24:40
Using it for a $5-20 purchase at this point would be pretty stupid. However let me clarify, if over 50% of people used SegWit, it would be way, way under $5. Probably $1 for fast confirmation, cents if he wanted to wait a few days. 
Lightning network will allow people to send for virtually free, without having to worry about other people's adoption too much.
Right now BTC is kind of like digital gold - good store of value, you can put a lot of money into it and take it with you wherever you want, but not that practical for day to day purchases. If either Coinbase and others stop scamming and adopt Segwit (Which is easily done, could be done today) and we get majority on Segwit transaction fees will plummet. If lightning network is implemented, they will plummet harder. Increasing block size isn't any sort of answer long term, it's like building more lanes to solve traffic, it doesn't really solve any fundamental issues even if it helps a bit. Segwit is like a new road system and lightning network is like instant teleportation in this metaphor. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:19:36
Your dad the cheap cunt stole your money.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:29:38
Nothing, it's already essentially finished and being tested. A bit more testing, the "go ahead" from the team of researchers working on it and it can start being adopted.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:20:55
I don't believe you.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:31:20
Still, the person he replied to said it was impossible, so his answer is completely relevant and correct.