@_author: earloftyrone
@_date: 2019-07-22 22:15:47
I'm sure this explanation will be slightly useful to somebody coming across this post who is very new to cryptocurrency but I understand what tainted bitcoins means perfectly well. This should should be clear from my last comment. I am a programmer, unlike anyone else on this thread by the looks of it, and my point is deeper than this.
If you buy some bitcoin on Bisq and then try to cash out on a centralised exchange your bitcoin will likely be rejected due to being tainted. This is how the average user will find out about what tainted coins mean.
Bitcoin is becoming a 2 tier economy with tainted bitcoin being worth less than untainted. The definition of untainted is arbitrarily set by the chain analysis companies and centralised exchanges (and soon to be government regulation). This is going to kill bitcoin unless protocol level privacy is incorporated. This is very unlikely and comes with its own drawbacks i.e block size,  developer centralisation through continuous forks necessary to adapt privacy for the changing world of technology like Monero). Or an off-chain lightening network solution is introduced. There is a lot of hope for the later but it is **not** guaranteed to work. I hope it does work though. This is the greatest threat Bitcoin faces at the moment.
Does that make sense?
To improve  technology legitimate criticism is imperative and should be encouraged. Any criticism of bitcoin on this subreddit seems to generate downvotes along with zero replies. Most people here are thick as shit and just want to make a quick buck without any serious consideration of the technology involved. Should be retitled to @_date: 2019-07-31 22:47:16
What do you mean by this?
@_date: 2019-07-22 20:22:18
Exactly. Bitcoin is not currently fungible as chain analysis makes it nearly impossible to buy anywhere other than centralised exchanges. Using local bitcoin/ decentralised exchanges will get you 'tainted coins' that can't be used anywhere other than the dark web or other decentralised exchanges. With the later you cannot sell reliably due to the likely hood of fiat chargebacks.
Bitcoin is being slowly strangled.
Obviously some lightening network privacy or some such development *might* change this. But thats a big *might* and is not guaranteed.
Edit: I like how I have been downvoted for this comment. It shows the low level of understanding most people on this subreddit have regarding cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2019-11-21 08:23:08
Most of the possible features you mentioned are impossible by the laws of physics, unless you reduce the security of the network. If bitcoin could implement them, without reducing the number of nodes or the hashing rate etc, then it would have already.
@_date: 2019-11-21 09:54:34
Yes but I’m taking about the base protocol. You can build systems like lightening on layer 2 that contain the features you outlined. People can afford to lose security and decentralisation as they won’t store much in the lightening network. But you cannot and should not make this trade off in the base protocol. 
Because lightening is layer 2, it can be used in conjunction with most other crypto currencies. I’m saying that physics limits what you can do on the base protocol whilst still maintaining security and decentralisation. I think we’ll see more innovative layer 2 solutions in the future but few viable layer 1 alternatives to bitcoin for storage of wealth. Just my take but happy to be proved wrong at some point
@_date: 2019-08-01 11:12:50
Wow, thats a super interesting perspective and example.
Bitcoin using layer 2 solutions becomes censorable and more centralised. Presumably, there will still be a desire by people to have access to a non censored decentralised cryptocurrency. I wonder if other projects start up in response to this. Perhaps they would use a tail emission to reduce longterm transaction fees to allow people to use the base layer? So many questions.
This raises a lot of interesting things to think about, thank you.
@_date: 2019-08-01 11:02:30
Ah with smart contracts opening and shutting lightening channels?
@_date: 2019-08-01 13:58:39
But then whats the point in having these layers on top of Bitcoin? Bitcoin just acts like a settlement layer for large institutions?