@_author: earlylegend
@_date: 2018-01-15 10:46:15
After 2 weeks it will time out from the mempool and your BTC will return to your wallet (though it hasn't technically left yet). If you are using Bitcoin Core I think it will rebroadcast it (refresh it) every time you open it so you'll want to not open it for the next 2 weeks/until you can't see the tx on a blockchain explorer any more.
Do you have the transaction ID available? If you do I can take a look at it and try and give you an indication of whether it's likely to confirm soon or not. Don't worry giving out the transaction ID won't let me take funds, but it will reduce your privacy as it will provide a link between your reddit account and the wallet address you sent from.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:59:39
For those of you that don't fully understand the mempool graph, I've done some very quick diagrams to help explain the Coinbase situation. Sorry for the wall of text, but it's clear that many of you aren't fully understanding the impact of Coinbase on the mempool and I want to clear some things up.
The red band in [this image]( illustrates the period of time that Coinbase was offline. You are right in that the spike before the red band is irrelevant; this likely isn't anything to do with Coinbase and is probably a mass rebroadcast of unconfirmed transactions. What *is* to do with Coinbase however, is the *rate of decline* of the bottom graph during this period.
The period covered by the red band is the period where Coinbase are not using the mempool as they are not making any transactions, so this small slice represents what Bitcoin looks like *without Coinbase*. During this time the mempool clears up much faster than the non-banded areas either side which, [if you extrapolate out]( shows the mempool (without Coinbase making any transactions) **clearing entirely in around 4 days**. Therefore, if Coinbase used Segwit and batched transactions it would likely cause the mempool to clear in a week (or maybe two, depending on how much batching &amp; Segwit would save on the average bytes of mempool space used per Coinbase tx).
The spike *after* Coinbase comes online is also irrelevant. People that went to withdraw in the banded period were told that withdrawals were disabled and to 'please try again later'. So the people that could not withdraw in this time would just return again sometime in the next day or two and try and withdraw again then. This would mean that these withdrawals would just be redistributed across the mempool graph over the next 48h and so we wouldn't expect a spike up after Coinbase come back online but instead a small increase in mempool over the next couple of days. Only people that had urgent transactions in that banded period would stay and keep refreshing/attempting to withdraw and cause a spike immediately afterwards, and interestingly that the spike from these people is actually very small. This actually implies that the number of people withdrawing from Coinbase and paying their incredibly high fees because they genuinely *need* their BTC urgently is very small, so if users were able to input a custom fee or choose from a number of 'priority-bands' I would expect that most people would not choose the highest fee band (which Coinbase are forcing on all users by default at the moment) so avg/median fees for Coinbase users would be much lower.
@_date: 2018-01-13 10:09:26
Someone could take the lightning-app source, modify it for mainnet and release it this afternoon for you as a compiled desktop application if you wanted. You'd only have a handful of other nodes to route through but you could theoretically use it today if you so desired.
The point is that although it *probably* works largely okay at the moment and you *probably* wouldn't experience any critical bugs where funds are lost or misspent, the user experience wouldn't be great and you're almost certain to run into small and annoying bugs (for example where you need to restart the application to update the channel balance sometimes, etc). Plus of course, there is always a risk of those potential critical bugs happening to you and you losing real bitcoin. 
The next couple of months will be spent rigorously testing the implementations on the testnet and fixing all critical bugs and as many smaller bugs as possible. Because we're dealing with a *quarter of a trillion dollars* of people's real money, the importance of making sure there are **no critical bugs whatsoever** is second to none. Not all the bugs are known yet so estimating exactly how long it will take to fix them all is impossible. Although it seems like there are no critical bugs left extensive testing needs to be done to ensure this is the case as any critical bugs missed would cripple confidence in bitcoin and cause real world monetary loss for users both through the bug directly and through the falling price of bitcoin.
This is incredibly an important phase of development and cannot be rushed.
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:57:09
This comment really helped clear up and explain the need for this project. You should add this to the main post to clear it up. Good luck! 
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:28:38
They essentially overcharge Coinbase users in their fees in order to cover the costs for GDAX users' fees. It's sustainable because for every GDAX user there's a significant number of Coinbase users to balance it out, so if Coinbase users all pay 10¢ extra in fees (for example) then this will cover the costs of GDAX fees being free. GDAX users are important to them as they provide liquidity on the GDAX exchange which Coinbase is built on top of. They want to encourage big traders to use the underlying GDAX exchange in order to keep the Coinbase side afloat and liquid as that is their main revenue stream.
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:07:10
I remember seeing it somewhere but I've googled around and can't find it anywhere at the moment. I think it might have been a proposal that was never implemented.
**edit:** yeah what I thought I saw is almost certainly an unimplemented proposal. [This screenshot]( of the zap LN client shows channels with 100-0 channel ratios which I assume consist only of the initial commitment transaction. Sorry! Ignore me...
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:36:02
Not in the UK (and I believe in the EU too)! We have sensible capital gains tax laws unlike our cousins in the US...
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:39:23
That has been changed iirc. Minimum ratio between starting amounts now is 90-10 (I think).
**edit:** can't find source - may have been an unimplemented proposal.
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:10:57
The increased number of Segwit transactions in these blocks mean that more transactions can fit into the block, which increases the actual size (in bytes) of the block to greater than 1MB levels.
Before Segwit, blocks had a size limit in bytes of 1MB. Every transaction is a variable size in bytes depending on how many [inputs and outputs]( there are. After Segwit was implemented, the limit is not defined in bytes but in *weight units* (WU) or *vbytes* ([more info]( For non-Segwit transactions the weight is simply the transaction size in bytes multiplied by 4, but for transactions sent from a Segwit wallet this is less than 4 times the transaction size (so a smaller weight than legacy transactions). Check out [this page]( for a more detailed explanation of Segwit weighting.
Essentially, this means that the weight limit of 4WU (often written as 4MB but actually only equal to 1MB of legacy transactions) allows blocks to hold more transactions in them if some transactions are Segwit transactions. The more Segwit transactions are in the block the more free space there is for non-Segwit transactions, allowing the blocksize to effectively increase above 1MB when more Segwit transactions are included in a block.
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:21:13
Lightning transactions (by definition) are off-chain/off-ledger. Only the parties involved (you and the person you're paying, plus any intermediaries that route the payment) will ever know the transaction existed.
So yes, when the LN is widely used lots of on-chain transactions will be simply opening and closing of channels, though I suspect some of the larger-value, more-important transactions will be done on-chain to ensure they are secure and completely immutable so it won't be entirely opening and closing of channels.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:54:45
Yep you're correct. Ceteris paribus doesn't completely hold here and it's quite an assumption to make. In addition to what you said it's also a very small sample period where the proportion of Coinbase's impact on the mempool might've been particularly high, meaning it may take much longer for the mempool to clear than my oversimplified estimate of "4 days".
However, I don't think you can argue that "Coinbase traffic is smaller than total traffic variance" because the period in which you're measuring your variance is actually a period in which Coinbase was active. In order for you to draw that conclusion you'd have to measure variance from the period where Coinbase was offline, but this is far too small of a period to draw any statistically robust conclusions from (including my own "4 days" conclusion) unfortunately. It would've been great if we had a full 24h period to examine as I suspect there's a noticeable amount of intra-day variance that would've been nice to account for, meaning we could properly look at the "traffic variance" that you mention.
As for batching, it looks like if Coinbase could muster up 5-10 transactions a batch they could reduce mempool MB/tx by anywhere from 60-80% (using [this graph]( from [this article]( Though what you say about ceteris paribus not holding due to induced demand definitely still holds; we can't be sure that the mempool reducing because of Coinbase's batching/Segwit would mean that all other users wouldn't increase their demand as a result of lower fees.
I'd also like to clarify I'm not blaming Coinbase for the scaling issues of Bitcoin - in fact I think it must be incredibly frustrating to attempt to run a business that offers a service through a protocol that can barely keep up with demand and so is expensive and slow to work with. But at the same time, you wouldn't blame your ISP for the slowness of your dial-up connection in the 90s because your vision of the internet with HD movie streaming and smart-homes wasn't possible on the technology of the time. I don't believe that anyone is to blame; I think it's important to remember this is still early stages of the technology, and kinks and creases like this will be ironed out over time as solutions like the LN, MAST and Schnorr signatures are implemented into the protocol. It just requires some patience and cooperation from users and business like Coinbase for Bitcoin to fully find its feet.
@_date: 2018-01-07 11:58:17
A decentralised data transmission and storage network holds intrinsic value in the same way gold does. Notarising (/notarizing) documents, storing data and publishing short messages that all cannot be tampered with and can be accessed from any connected device anywhere in the world is something that holds immense value, in addition to just its role as a currency network.
@_date: 2018-01-13 11:19:00
Pretty much, yeah. Getting it done right is a much higher priority than getting it done quick.
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:32:26
Channels persist as long as neither party closes them (even if *both* parties go offline). Remaining online is only necessary if you receive funds through a channel as you will need to be online to accept the payment in the channel and you will need to be online to monitor the blockchain for the other party trying to cheat you.
If you only spend through lightning (as 95% of mobile wallet users will) then you can't be cheated as you haven't ever signed an earlier transaction that would lower your payout from the channel balance if it was broadcasted, so there is no opportunity to cheat you. If you do want to receive funds you can still remain offline (apart from momentarily when receiving the payment) and simply employ a Watchtower 'delegate' to scan the blockchain on your behalf to prevent cheating from the other party.
@_date: 2018-01-15 10:49:19
[LocalBitcoins]( is a great place to buy directly from other people. There is often a very slight markup but when you compare it with the fee you'd pay on Coinbase it's usually fairly similar, especially for smaller purchases. If you're looking to make larger purchases then you'd probably be better registering with an exchange and depositing some money there to buy, as the percentage fees are lower than the equivalent markup on LocalBitcoins and there is often no flat fee on exchanges.
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:26:00
Do you have anything I could read on the lower security of BIP39? I had a look on Google but all I could see was that the lack of versioning in BIP39 seeds may mean that compatibility could be an issue in the future.
@_date: 2018-01-08 01:04:39
Coinbase (though not an exchange exactly) has cards and has those three cryptos.
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:37:15
Because it's a spam message with that link likely leading to malware or a phishing site. It would be irresponsible to expose to more people on reddit. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:21:56
The mobile version of the Eclair wallet doesn't allow funds to be received as the developers are still implementing the Watchtower feature and want to make sure that it is completely functional whilst minimising the level of trust required to give to a third party. However, the Lightning wallet that I'm using allows receiving of funds so yes I received the funds just fine.
If you doubt the tech so much, why not just jump on the testnet, download a desktop or mobile wallet and give it a go on [Yalls]( or [Starblocks]( If you use it on testnet it's free so there's no risk of losing any real world money - just get your BTC from a testnet faucet after you download a wallet. If you don't want to/can't run a testnet node to run a full wallet from, then just download a mobile SPV wallet like [Eclair]( or [Lightning Wallet](
@_date: 2018-01-21 19:48:22
Yeah true, I should've recommended to download the page and use it on an offline device. However OP was already using Segwit on what I assume was an online machine, so the additional risk from not generating the wallet offline when using the online tool as opposed to generating a wallet in Electrum is arguably fairly negligible. OP is more likely to lose funds through being on an old version of Electrum with the RPC vulnerability than through generating a wallet seed online. Though you make a fair point. I think offline generation (if possible) as well as making sure Electrum is updated to the latest version are both things I will make sure to recommend in future, just to be sure. Better to be safe than sorry (and broke).
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:39:19
No problem! Glad I could help.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:16:21
You're right scepticism is definitely a good thing, but I got the impression you were more interested in trying to spread FUD than actually trying to learn how it works... Apologies for being dismissive - the amount of misinformation being spread about the LN by people that are purely trying to undermine it is really picking up recently and after seeing that you often comment in I unfairly generalised you into that category. I'm more than happy to answer any questions about it if you want to ask them, either here or by PM. 
But I honestly just recommend that you download a [testnet Lightning wallet]( and mess around with it for 10-15 minutes. It really doesn't take much time to start using it makes transactions mindbogglingly fast and cheap, plus a bit more privacy for individual purchases is always great as opposed to on-chain txs. You could download the wallet and input your address into [a faucet]( when you wake up and by the time you've showered you'll be ready to open a channel, and after a single confirmation your channel will be ready for use. I think it's impossible to truly recognise how much of a game-changer it is until you actually use it; you'll realise that it's here and (for all intents and purposes) working great, with some minor wallet-specific UI/UX bugs here and there to sort out still.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:09:47
If you supposedly don't 'have the time' to actually try out the technology that you feel the need to mindlessly bash, then you should probably not be forming an opinion on said technology. Failure to research into something but continuing to spout various unchecked statements and narratives on that topic is exactly the mindset that is making this world shittier by the day. You seem to have plenty of time to write comments on reddit refuting my claims...
For the record, downloading a mobile wallet, getting some BTC from a faucet then opening a channel takes around 25 minutes, of which you only have to do anything for 3 minutes of that time. You're simply being obstinate, trying to avoid facing up to reality so that you can continue to stick your head in the sand and repeat the drivel that is being dictated to you from on high.
Learn to do your own research and think for yourself.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:25:31
Yep, just generated a payment request and had my friend scan the QR code...
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:42:01
It works, I'm using it right now.
@_date: 2018-01-21 12:44:09
Nope! 
@_date: 2018-01-21 18:32:57
The Winklevoss twins reportedly had around $1bn when BTC dipped to $10k. That means they'd have around 100,000 BTC which is around 0.6% of current supply (100,000 / 16.8 million). If they're supposedly the richest known individuals in Bitcoin (besides Satoshi who may not even still have access to those wallets), then any wallet with more than 100,000 BTC in it can be assumed to be an exchange or company holding BTC on behalf of users.
@_date: 2018-01-21 15:14:25
It sounds like you're using a bech32 address which starts with *bc*. Most exchanges don't support this format at the moment. Do you have funds in this wallet already? If this is a new wallet and has no balance in it it might be best to create a new BIP39 seed using a tool like [this one]( (*Generate 12 words*) then import this into Electrum as a new wallet.
To do this click *File* in the top left of Electrum, choose *New/Restore*. Choose *Standard wallet* from the first list of options, then select *I already have a seed*. Type in your seed phrase from the online tool into the box and before continuing check the BIP39 box in *Options*  and it should tell you that your checksum is okay. In the next screen it will ask you what wallet derivation you would like to use. Here you should replace the default text from 44 to 49 so that it is the following:
    m/49'/0'/0'
Following these steps will allow you to create a Segwit wallet in Electrum that uses the legacy address format (starting with a *3*) and so will be compatible with all exchanges/wallets/etc while still being a Segwit wallet for lower fees. Unfortunately it's not a very user friendly process at the moment due to the lack of adoption of the new address format from businesses/exchanges/wallets but if you follow the steps you can benefit from lower fees while retaining backwards compatibility with everywhere that uses the old format. This will reduce your fees slightly as it is Segwit, but not as much as if you were using a bech32 address (starting with *bc*), so in the future when a majority of exchanges and wallets support sending to bech32 address formats it may be worth it to move back to your bech32 wallet or to a new bech32 wallet so you can benefit from even lower fees.
Hope this helped, let me know if you're confused.
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:29:52
There's a trader on localbitcoins with the same name so if they're the same person I would assume he transacts fairly often.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:17:00
These AML/KYC laws are attempting to combat the government's bogey man of money laundering and tax evasion. The government doesn't like not knowing when large amounts of money can move around without them knowing about or approving it, so they put restrictions on exchanges such as the quantity you can buy per week or force you to make your identity known to the exchange so they can link your bitcoins back to a person/identity if they investigate.
If you want to avoid all this hassle I'd recommend buying peer-to-peer, i.e. directly from another person. Look on  and see if there are any bitcoins being sold at sensible prices there. Some traders still conduct AML/KYC checks but in these cases it's to combat fraud. They need proof that you purchased the bitcoins from them and it wasn't someone who stole your debit card/hacked your bank account. This is because there have been various scams where people chargeback a payment after they receive their BTC claiming that their account was hacked/it wasn't them and this allows them to refute that chargeback.
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:33:19
Completely agree. Lightning Network and other second-layer solutions seem like the only realistic approach to mass adoption. However, they require the tx malleability fix from Segwit in order to work, so BCH couldn't implement the LN even if they wanted to!
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:17:57
You could definitely purchase a private key that has a channel ready and open with a set balance in it. However the person you bought it off would have had to know the private key in order to set up the channel, and would have had to pay the initial transaction fee to open the channel in the first place which would be encapsulated in the price you paid for the private key otherwise the person you bought the key from is making a loss.
So you've paid the same amount as you would've done anyway if you opened your own channel, except now someone knows your private key and your balance and has access to both. It's objectively worse to buy a channel that's already open rather than just open one yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:18:14
I put importance on this *because* it is better than a credit card. Bitcoin Cash is of course still better than a bank/credit card because it gives financial sovereignty and control of money back to the individuals, however the underlying protocol is less decentralised that Bitcoin is. My logic is that if coins are being judged by marketing effort and not by their merits then I feel the best technology will not win and as such I don't want to be a part of an ecosystem that is worse than what it could have been if people had better information and made decisions (of which coin to support) that were more aligned with what is best for them instead of being influenced by marketing campaigns.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:24:23
Not a problem! I'm glad *someone* appreciated it haha.
@_date: 2017-12-12 11:08:04
That sounds about right - $2 a day on a gpu is all you're ever going to get, even on altcoins haha. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:46:47
That's what I mean - large transactions from exchanges to localbitcoins wallet would likely be regular and as often as once a week or so I'd imagine. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:15:10
Bitcoin Cash is not centralised. Of course it is more decentralised than the current banking system, however it is *less* centralised that Bitcoin. The entire point of jumping through all of the hoops and performing these financial functions less efficiently than the current banking sector is in order to take control away from the banks and give it back to individuals through decentralisation. If a less-decentralised cryptocurrency is the one to become widely adopted over a more-decentralised alternative we're not in a much better place than we were before.
Bitcoin Cash has a [lower node count]( than [Bitcoin does]( as well as a [smaller number of clients]( available to choose from than [Bitcoin does]( with a similar proportional split between each, less contributors to the various Github repos, and by the looks of things has a much [smaller global reach]( than [Bitcoin does]( (the only major currency that BCH is exchanged for besides BTC is KRW). More qualitatively, I think the existence of figureheads such as Ver and Wu that are in a position where they can confidently make statements on behalf of the Cash community without asking and checking consensus first, implicitly indicates the relative centralisation of the coin compared to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:15:01
Yes this is correct. Coinbase charge their own fee in order to make a profit, then any transfer from wallet to wallet will incur a small fee. You can get around the transaction fee by logging into GDAX using your Coinbase username and password (same company so same logins) and using their withdrawal process instead, as GDAX have free withdrawals (they cover the transaction fee).
At the moment transactions are going through under 20 satoshis/byte. Coinbase should be charging no more than a few cents to make the withdrawal to your wallet. If they're charging any more than 50 cents they are ripping you off and you should definitely be looking at GDAX to make your withdrawal.
@_date: 2017-12-11 11:37:28
I don't think people have any problem with banking but they do take issue with fractional reserves. Bitcoin can be lent but you have to actually have the bitcoins to lend them, you can't lend bitcoins you don't have ownership of or bitcoins that don't exist which means fractional reserve lending isn't possible.
If you'd like me to explain in a bit more detail let me know I'm out at the moment but happy to answer any further questions when I get home. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:56:30
I'll reply here and tag and as I'll reply to all of you at once haha.
Yes you're correct fractional reserve lending is completely possible but it relies on a critical majority of people using the banking system to secure their deposits. At present it is completely infeasible to live aptly in the modern world without having a bank account. It is very difficult to find an employer willing to pay you your monthly salary in cash, no bank will give you a loan for your house in cash and no online store like Amazon will accept a $20 bill in the mail for an item.
Bitcoin allows people to not participate in the banking industry if they so wish as it makes 'being your own bank' trivial with the likes of Ledger and Trezor devices, etc. With mass adoption of Bitcoin, it would suddenly be possible to live life without a traditional bank account. Bank loans would have to accommodate those outside of the system and then the assumption of that loaned money being deposited into another account in the banking system doesn't hold (or at least they have to assume a lower proportion of people will do that). As such it is now not unheard of to get a loan from the bank in BTC that is sent directly to my Ledger Nano S and in order do that they must send me that value of BTC. Then that money has exited the system and can't be re-loaned out again as I have it.
So you're right even with the global adoption of Bitcoin and no other competing currencies in circulation, there is still some fractional reserve lending. But Bitcoin forces the amount of fractional reserve lending to decrease and the easier it is to 'be your own bank' and not have to participate in the current banking system, the lower the amount of fractional reserve lending that is feasibly possible for banks to undertake. It's not a perfect solution, but it's a step in the right direction!
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:31:01
4x as large at present, though the BCH scaling roadmap has plans for 1GB blocks eventually which would mean you would use up 1GB of drive space on your node machine every 10 minutes (144GB a day). I for sure couldn't run a node where an additional 1TB HDD would be required every week haha.
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:02:57
I agree. People were sending money that by the time it arrived (due to price dropping) wasn't worth enough in USD for the game they were purchasing, so had to send another small payment to make up the difference (plus another high fee). That is a nonsensical system for Steam to implement.
If BitPay (or some other competitor?) offered to lock in the price as soon as the transaction hit the mempool and bore the burden of any volatility (either drops *or* gains), this would provide suitable price certainty for Steam's needs. Until that is on offer however, taking BTC for USD denominated goods/services isn't viable when the price could go down significantly.
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:53:12
If Steam starts accepting Bitcoin Cash instead because of these comments, to me that signals that crypto is dead and I will sell all of my crypto.
If a [*less* centralised coin]( can deploy nothing but marketing instead of its merits to commandeer the support of one of the largest crypto-accepting merchants, then I don't want to be a part of that ecosystem.
**edit:** changed my implicit absolute statement to a relative one, changed name to Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-05-09 23:36:47
I've PM'd you. :)
@_date: 2018-05-17 11:21:18
If what you say about your employment history is true, then you should be familiar with the Friedman rule and the various monetary models that point to a small but negative optimal inflation rate (in order to offset agents' positive discount rate combined with the zero interest rate paid on fiat).
@_date: 2018-10-03 21:51:17
As long as you and the person you want to pay have open channels and funds available on those channels to send/receive respectively, then the chances are there'll be a route between you that your node will calculate and use.
You don't *need* to close the channel afterwards as you can spend those funds over the lightning network to pay someone else. You would only close the channel if you need the BTC to pay someone that does not have a lightning channel open.
Think of it like a bank/checking account. You deposit money into the account from your savings account or from cash (on-chain BTC) and then you can spend that money directly from your checking account (lightning node) to other people's checking accounts much more quickly and easily than you would with your savings account/cash. The only time you would close your debit account/withdraw cash is to make a new one somewhere else or to spend it somewhere that doesn't take card. It's the same for lightning.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:49:01
Or alternatively they subdivide Bitcoins smaller than 100 million parts. 1 Satoshi could simply be split into another 100 million parts if needed, which wouldn't cause a sudden spike in supply and cause a crash, but instead would allow individuals to subdivide their Bitcoins into &lt;1 Satoshi parts if/when they feel like it is needed for their transactions, which solves the issue without the financial-crash doomsday scenario you mentioned occurring.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:47:13
That would be life changing.
@_date: 2017-08-26 09:26:17
In short, the NYA was written up as a compromise between two alternative methods of scaling Bitcoin, Segwit and 2MB blocks. One of the ideological parties (2MB blocks) became impatient and felt as though Bitcoin wasn't working for them so they forked the code and split off into what is now Bitcoin Cash. A lot of people with that ideology moved their support to Bitcoin Cash thus leaving most people that remained in Bitcoin supporting the Segwit method of scaling. Now the NYA looks like a compromise that doesn't need to exist anymore as users from the '2MB block' end of that compromise seem to be no longer vested in Bitcoin, so members from the 'Segwit' party (like the Core devs who never actually signed the NYA originally) now see themselves as a majority and so are resisting the NYA. However it seems that there are still some members in Bitcoin that hold the 2MB ideology and so want to fork again to follow the NYA as they wanted Bitcoin to follow the 2MB ideology and it now seems like it may not. So what was originally a compromise is now being resisted and so is causing conflict in the community, leading to another potential fork.
@_date: 2017-08-27 01:11:32
Yes in the short term I believe that there would be some relief on fee prices due to a doubling of the base block size. *However* this would only be in the short term (my guess would be that it buys only a handful of months of time) and comes with a whole host of problems such as decentralisation and increased ability for an attack on the network. As for what you mention about hardforking back and halving the block size again this would be infeasible. The market would grow accustomed to the new block size and trying to half the block size back to the original size at that point would be impossible without making fees even higher than they were originally. Besides it would involve yet another hard fork which isn't good for Bitcoin in the long run.
Essentially I believe the only long term solution is for Bitcoin to adapt at a core technological level through some of the very innovative proposed solutions such as the Lightning Network, Schorr Signatures, etc. Personally I see a block size increase as a short term solution that would definitely help with high fees initially, but would not be a means to an end and instead would only stall the inevitable need for another solution as fees creep upward again with Bitcoin's adoption.
At the end of the day this is a question of ideology. I have my opinions and I could of course be wrong, but no one can know for sure unless we put our theories to the test. Most of all I think it's important for all parties to realise we all want the same thing for Bitcoin at the end of the day.
**edit**: People downvoting you for seemingly no reason is exactly what I meant in my last sentence. You are asking a question and want to discuss the pros and cons of the various scaling options. People, please don't just downvote him without explaining why you disagree! Otherwise how will anyone make any educated decisions about which solution to support if you never help them understand the pros and cons of each?
@_date: 2017-08-24 00:41:07
I recommend you go and read up on it or watch some videos on the subject as it's truly phenomenal technology.
As far as I'm aware, the Lightning network allows transactions to be pooled together in order to reduce the transaction cost for everyone, which makes small purchases like buying a coffee more viable. Additionally by pooling transactions together it means less transactions that will hit the main blockchain which means less data for a node to download.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:40:49
As far as I'm aware a protocol upgrade like the one I mentioned would likely require a hardfork, though if the need is that great and no obvious downsides present themselves, the consensus should be met by all parties and it *should* be a seamless upgrade instead of a "hardfork".
Also it should also be noted that &lt;1 Satoshi denominations are actually already possible on the Lightning Network, so any payments made on it once that's all up and running would already be able to be less than 1 Satoshi. As long as the net transaction value is greater than 1 Satoshi when the channel closes then this would be doable in the real world without any forks or protocol upgrades required (i.e. you could by 5 coffees, one a day over a 1 week period for example, for 0.2 Satoshis each and then the channel closes at the end of the week and your transactions are pooled into a single 1 Satoshi payment).
**edit**: The Lightning Network also provides the ability for atomic-swaps (instant swaps between Litecoin and Bitcoin) which could see Litecoin become "the silver to Bitcoin's gold". If Bitcoin became too expensive and a coffee was valued &lt;1 Satoshi, we could easily see Litecoin used as a medium of exchange for those small day-to-day purchases like coffees and sandwiches, and Bitcoin reserved for more sizeable transactions like booking hotels and purchasing furniture or houses or cars. Individuals could instantly swap between the currencies for very low or almost-zero fees which could mean people being paid their wages in Bitcoin and then spending them day-to-day in Litecoin. Some exciting things lie on the road ahead...!
@_date: 2017-08-27 15:59:04
I just paid ~200 s/b thinking it would take a couple of hours and I didn't mind because I wasn't in a rush and then it got its first confirmation in around 3 minutes...
@_date: 2018-10-04 07:14:50
It would certainly create a large amount of on-chain channel-closing transactions, which would increase demand for block space and so increase the fees people pay. However, this would only block/hinder new channels opening if the fees increased enough to crowd out people who wanted to create a new channels, and did so for a sustained amount of time (days/weeks). This is unlikely as the increased fees will reduce demand from those who don't need to make payments desperately as well as encourage miners that want to earn the higher fees to spin up extra hardware as mining is now more profitable, balancing out the supply and demand and allowing the mempool to clear down again. 
Finally, all of this relies on the assumption that we even enter the scenario where a single large central hub with thousands of channels arises in the first place - in reality a lot of node software will randomly choose a (fairly well connected) node to create a channel with if the user doesn't manually choose one, in order to avoid a situation like this.
@_date: 2018-06-09 18:02:37
I don't see what the SSL certificate status of the (completely static, [GitHub-hosted]( website has to do with the [actual wallet app](
@_date: 2018-06-01 00:33:55
If you're unsure, try downloading the [testnet version]( and trying that first, before moving to mainnet with a new private key and only using small amounts. In my experience Anton's app has been a lot more functional and reliable than Eclair has been, however the UI/UX is not nearly as polished and pretty. As an example of its added functionality, it **allows receiving of funds through a Lightning channel** which is a huge step forward in front of Eclair.
Anton has contributed greatly to the development of Bitcoin and Lightning in the past, as you can see from his [GitHub]( (scroll down to his 'Contribution Activity') and has been developing this particular app for [months]( If you have any questions or particular concerns, I'd be happy to try and help clear things up where I can.
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:05:03
Yes that's what I'm saying. As far as I'm aware it's an issue with all wallets, not down to wallet developers individually. I could be wrong but I think it's something in the Core code repository but I'm not sure on that. Either way the fee estimation brackets are massively overestimating fees at the moment. When I set my own fee (USD equivalent of 80¢) I got in the second block (~15 mins). 
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:12:32
First of all, having very big blocks is a problem for centralisation of *nodes*, not mining. Miners already have industry-level equipment and are already largely centralised, so a doubling of the block size wouldn't make a difference to centralisation of mining.
As for why people are against bigger blocks, it makes it harder for people in many developing countries (as well as some developed ones like Australia) to easily run a node. This pushes nodes one step closer to centralisation. Nodes are the most important part of the Bitcoin network - if you can't run a node, you can't truly verify that the coins you're sending and receiving are actually "Bitcoins" - you have to trust another party to follow the chain and the consensus that you agree with and call "Bitcoin". You're essentially giving up your ability to vote on the future of the network.
At this scale (1MB-&gt;2MB base block size) centralisation will largely not be affected directly by a block size increase - essentially almost all people around the world that currently run a node, will still be able to if we doubled the block size. The issue with this particular fork is that it's being pushed through by a **small group of very large companies** and a handful of individuals. They're skipping past the consensus system and forcing changes despite not being supported by an overwhelming majority of the community (as is required for change in the Bitcoin protocol, such as a change in the block size). If they can succeed in forcing (even partially) unwanted changes onto the network, then any government or group of large companies could do the same in the future, which defeats the purpose of the consensus system and makes Bitcoin susceptible to attacks by malicious parties (though many would argue that this fork would actually be considered malicious). If the fork successfully becomes "Bitcoin" then the Bitcoin network is not resistant to attack, so could easily be manipulated by a government and this defeats the entire point of a decentralised peer-to-peer currency.
The argument against the fork made by the group referred to as "Bitcoin Core" is that this block size increase is not required at the moment as there are other solutions in development (*such as the Lightning Network*) and solutions that are already in place that have not been fully adopted yet (*Segwit*). They argue that we should wait for the additional capacity of Segwit to be utilised fully, then see how the Lightning Network can solve the 'problem' before rushing into something as extreme as a hard fork for something as simple as a block size increase.
Hopefully that's cleared some things up for you. If you have any questions let me know I'd be happy to try and answer them as best as I can. :)
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:01:08
Centralisation of mining != centralisation of Bitcoin
As we're all about to find out in the next few weeks, the Bitcoin network is still decentralised, despite having a centralised mining sector.
@_date: 2017-11-18 19:16:29
It would've. There was a bug where no valid blocks could be found so the entire Segwit2x network just stopped still until the bug was fixed (requiring another hard fork to fix it before the Segwit2x hard fork could even go through)! If the users and devs just rolled over and allowed a handful of companies and their CEOs to force this fork on the network, the Bitcoin network would've been stuck because of that buggy untested code. The resilience of the devs/users was the *only thing* that stopped this from happening to Bitcoin.
**edit:** Not sure why you're being downvoted. Please don't downvote him guys, he wasn't being malicious he just didn't understand. We should be helping him to understand, not downvoting him for misunderstanding!
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:42:28
I think his point is that you can't be sure that it will continue on it's current trend. You can make educated guesses by researching the topic and estimating if it it aptly valued or if there's still some scope for price growth yet, but you can't extrapolate out and blindly hope in the trend continuing undisturbed.
Personally I am confident in the future of Bitcoin, but I would urge you to do your own research to see if you believe the use case is genuine, the price reflects the benefit to society and then consider what potential things could happen in the future to negatively affect the price and how likely they are to happen. I think a good starting point would be [this thread](
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:26:16
Yep! Spot on.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:20:00
Thanks for the great explanation, this is some very clever tech.
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:31:36
Yes you're right it is entirely supply and demand but production cost still puts a quasi-lower bound on the price in the short term through influencing supply. If I'm a miner and in the short term price dips below my "mining cost" due to volatility I will be unwilling to sell my coin to you at this lower price so I will hold it until the price returns to a level at least as high as the cost I incurred to obtain it. When price falls, supply also falls (upward-sloping supply curve) which puts upward pressure on price until it reaches an equilibrium point at a higher price. This creates a quasi-lower bound on price (not necessarily at the "mining cost" price) that keeps price floating above that point. This is only for the short term though as if enough agents do not believe that price will return to the level then supply won't be restricted enough to put enough upward pressure on the price, so it will fall to new market expectations and over the long term the mining difficulty will fall to reflect this new equilibrium price.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:44:48
Move your coins to GDAX (same company as Coinbase - log in with the same account) and then send them to your GDAX wallet before withdrawing to your wallet. GDAX has no fees for withdrawals.
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:46:46
No. In your veiled jab on Bitcoin example, the tx would show in the wallet with 0 confirmations until it is confirmed (which at the moment is taking a few minutes with very low fees). They would instantly see the transaction there, but it would display as "unconfirmed".
In the case of sending BTC to a BCH address, it would never ever show up and they would have to get someone to help them and explain them that they are using a completely incompatible chain and they will have to export their private key, download a new real Bitcoin wallet (making sure they don't make a Segwit wallet because BCH removed Segwit when they forked) and re-import the private keys to get their money back under their control. This is a hell of a thing to put a newbie through and would likely think that Bitcoin is impossibly complicated and make them give up on looking into cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-11-11 00:33:00
"Legacy" and Segwit are both on the same chain yes - they are both *Bitcoin*. They have different address formats though and choosing Segwit will mean you should benefit from slightly lower transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-11-07 10:14:06
You should try finding a wallet that allows you to set custom fees, not just select from 4 or 5 categories ("priority", "economy", "super economy", etc). If your wallet does allow that then I would recommend using it. There's currently an issue with the fee estimation code in virtually all wallets that is grossly overestimating what fees should be paid. Check the fees in the [mempool at the moment ]( and look at what fees were included in the last few blocks. When the graph dips down this is a block being found so see which colour sections of the graph are dipping along with the top level of the graph and set your fee to this. At the time of writing blocks are taking transactions with fees of 60-100ish sat/byte so if you wanted to be safe you could set a fee of 100-120 sat/byte and you should be in one of the next blocks for much less than you're paying now. If you're happy to wait a day or two you could set your fee at 25 sat/byte to make the fee a quarter of that.
Unfortunately until the code for fee estimation is improved by each and every wallet out there, a lot of people are going to overpay their transaction fee, which is not good. If you have any questions let me know, I'm happy to help you through the process if you want.
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:48:11
I'm the opposite of a BCH supporter and even I know that's almost certainly false. Ethereum Classic is still floating just fine and I expect BCH will continue on it's life too for some length of time, though likely not at the price level it's currently achieving.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:27:01
I'm in the UK and the only real options I've found are GDAX and Coinfloor. GDAX doesn't support GBP so I'd have to do a SEPA transfer in EUR and lose some to the exchange fees of my bank and Coinfloor has a minimum deposit amount of £1000. P2P trading lets you buy virtually any amount, in your local currency, which is better than the exchanges at least for me in the UK.
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:18:28
I get what you're saying but none of these analogies are quite right. If everyone suddenly had to pay 2x the current market price of gold to mine it (suppose regulation changes, loss of technology/equipment, etc.), eventually the price would rise to reflect these increased costs (likely plus some markup) because in the long run the companies that mine it would raise prices to recoup their investment. Alternatively the mining companies could give up and stop mining gold altogether due to it not being profitable any more, so supply will become fixed. In this case any increase in demand will not be matched with an increase in supply so will cause a rise in price until it becomes profitable again to mine gold (at approximately 2x the price level).
The fact that the cost of mining a Bitcoin has gone up shows that the market believes that Bitcoin will not fall below that price in the future, and Bitcoin miners are willing to bet their own money on that belief because it is a strong belief. This reinforces the baseline price level and increases trust in the system. The bigger the ecosystem and the more money people are willing to put in, the sturdier the entire thing becomes.
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:00:14


For values less than $200 maybe, but definitely not for values of a few thousand or higher. That's the nature of a flat-fee system rather than a percentage-based one.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:31:49
GDAX is a special case where they pay the transaction fee (the fee that is paid to miners to 'confirm' your transaction on the blockchain) on your behalf. The fees people are talking about are these transaction fees which for most exchanges are paid by the user. For normal person-to-person transfers the sender pays this fee and it is customisable based on how fast the transaction needs to be confirmed.
Recently a lot of hashpower (miners) moved from Bitcoin to mine BCH due to it being more profitable to mine for a short time. This meant that transactions weren't being confirmed as fast as before, so in order to keep transaction times low like before people were forced to 'outbid' each other and pay a higher fee. Now that the hashpower is back on Bitcoin again this isn't much of a problem any more, with transaction fees falling back into the 'cents' range instead of the 'dollars' range for fast confirmations.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:33:14
For Coinbase I'm fairly sure you need to submit identification, and they have been known to submit your information to the IRS for taxation purposes. If you want to transact anonymously you'll need to purchase directly off of individuals on websites like [LocalBitcoins.com](
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:41:07
Oh god you're riGHT!!1!
SELL ^^SELL ^^^^SELL 
@_date: 2018-03-23 00:31:16
This is really nice. Glad to see such great stuff is being developed at such a fast pace.
@_date: 2018-03-23 00:14:06
I sent you a DM.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:34:46
Yeah good point. I guess their reasoning is that generally people don't buy holidays expecting that they'll get some money in the future as a result that they can pay the debt off with that is in no way guaranteed. Lots of people have been acting incredibly irrationally regarding crypto, thinking that their profits would be certain. It seems banks don't want to have to hold any of that risk, whether it's through credit card debt or through loans.
@_date: 2018-02-07 12:10:05
Lightning Wallet is one currently on testnet for now. [Website]( [Google Play store](
@_date: 2018-02-02 10:11:12
Incorrect friend. Currently [~7% down]( :) 
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:31:15
I remember seeing a roadmap on the Bitcoin Core Twitter so you could check there. The SegWit2X HF will almost definitely go ahead, like it or not. All it takes is 1 node and 1 miner to want it to go ahead and it will fork so I would assume that it will haha.
@_date: 2018-02-12 11:03:56
If that buyer buys OTC from a miner instead of having to go to an exchange, that's one less exchange buyer and so Bitcoin demand (and thus price) on exchanges falls indirectly as a result. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:09:07
[**Penal Colony** from *Wikipedia.org*](


@_date: 2017-09-26 19:33:59
Sounds interesting! Good luck :)
@_date: 2018-02-19 01:16:32
Sounds promising, good luck! I hope this comes to fruition as more credible on-off ramps for cryptocurrencies would be a huge benefit to the space.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:06:45
I was wondering why I couldn't find anywhere to buy in cheaply in the UK and the GBP graph here shows that perfectly. I guess us Brits just don't care haha.
@_date: 2017-09-05 10:27:12
I had a quick Google and they look to be registered in Hong Kong (can't find them on the UK Companies House search so they're not British for sure) which means that they're flat out lying. They definitely would be subject to Hong Kong regulations if they're a Hong Kong company...
**Edit**: ignore me I am wrong - as mentioned below they are registered in the Virgin Islands which would mean that they are not in fact under HK regulation.
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:10:06
This is absolutely hilarious. Not only is his notion of "value" a complete joke, but what is most telling is his grossly incorrect figures for both the market cap and price of Bitcoin.
*He claims the current price is $3000 and the market cap is only $3bn.* The current price was closer to double that at the time of writing, and the market cap was over 30 times what he states...
@_date: 2017-10-17 18:38:43
Copay is part of Bitpay and will be supporting the S2X side of the fork. Bitpay have issued some malicious and confusing statements regarding S2X and I don't wish to support the company so I'm moving from Copay to a Ledger Nano. If my Ledger hadn't have arrived in time I would've made an [Electrum]( wallet and transferred it to there.
As for whether it will be safe it should be as long as you can access your private keys from the settings menu which I'm fairly certain that you can. Give it a google and have a look in the menus to be sure.
@_date: 2018-02-07 10:33:32
Segwit was a softfork that was introduced mid last year. It rearranged transactions to lower transaction sizes for wallets that support it, and as such reduce fees for those users. Because Coinbase offload fees onto their users instead of paying themselves, they had no incentive to rush to implement this upgrade despite it being beneficial for their customers. They're now finally implementing it despite having many months of time for development where many much smaller wallets and services (with very small development teams) have implemented it in the meantime already.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:23:09
Only if they can get their money back easily. Trying to repossess things to force someone to pay back credit card debt they can no longer afford is a costly and non-trivial process that any bank would want to avoid. Bitcoin's can't be repossess in the same way a house or a car can be so this kind of situation is a major headache for banks.
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:54:03
I mean localbitcoins.com may have some listings in your country with a minimum purchase amount of 0, which would let you buy this amount. Why do you need such a small amount anyway haha?
@_date: 2017-10-08 23:47:43
Apologies you're correct I was very wrong! Must've got confused with Facebook or something.
@_date: 2017-10-31 01:00:37
According to the link, this was also purchased directly from the mint...
**edit:** Wrong - this was bought from a bank branch I got confused.
@_date: 2017-09-21 00:09:42
No, regardless of which side becomes valuable, people might believe in wrong one and end up spending coins on both sides if they aren't careful/aware of what's happening.
Someone who believes in No2X might try to dump their 2X coin and end up spending their No2X coin by mistake, or a 2X believer could similarly also spend their No2X by mistake. What's even worse is that someone who just wants Bitcoin to *work* and doesn't care about the politics and drama might buy something on a website that supports No2X and inadvertently spend their 2X coin at the same time. Then if 2X becomes Bitcoin or they catch up on the politics and realise they could sell their 2X coin for an airdrop dividend, they now can't because it's not their coin on the 2X chain now either. Or alternatively the other way around regarding 2X/No2X depending on which side you believe will come out on top.
No replay protection is a maliscious attempt at mutiny to take control of Bitcoin. If that's not an attack I don't know what is.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:34:40
So bartering is illegal? If Bitcoin is neither a foreign currency nor a domestic currency, then it's not a currency? And if it's not a currency it's just a regular good? So if I traded my sheep for your goat is that illegal as well? Or if I sold my Steam account for 1000 Namibian Dollars is that illegal because "Steam accounts" are neither domestic or foreign currencies?
This ruling makes absolutely zero sense, which clearly shows how scared the Namibian government is of losing their monetary grip on the economy by their citizens using Bitcoin instead of the over-inflated Namibian Dollar...
@_date: 2018-03-19 19:28:03
As for the first point, I'd like to add that this is one issue that is often brought up and it's definitely a valid concern. However, the majority of users would use a Lightning wallet similar to how you would use cash (with a small amount of *spending money*), and your hardware wallet would be the equivalent of a bank account. If you lose your wallet you will lose the cash that you were holding inside it, but having a bit of cash makes transacting in certain situations a lot easier (or cheaper) so it's worth the risk. For example some shops will not allow you to buy a cheap can of drink with a debit card as the fees they would pay to the card company would be too high. Alternatively you could consider paying for your bus fare with cash instead of a card. Similar to losing your wallet, if your online device is hacked there is a chance you will lose your Lightning wallet balance (your *cash*) but the bulk of your BTC will be safely stored on your hardware wallet (your *bank account* balance).
Also I think it's important to remember that a large amount of users are currently using a service like Coinbase (where if their account *password* is hacked then they lose *all* of their BTC) or a wallet like Electrum on an online device. I think this structure will continue and be prevalent long past the rise of the Lightning Network, simply because it is the easiest way of doing things and people aren't yet used to taking full responsibility for the security of their money. In other words, any increased risk in using a Lightning Network wallet **compared to using an offline device or hardware wallet** won't make a difference for a large proportion of users, who are already using online wallets and online 3rd-party services which have the same level of risk in this respect.
@_date: 2017-09-26 11:20:58
Just completed it! Can I ask what you are studying, out of interest?
@_date: 2017-09-01 08:43:47
I think he meant "it only matters if you have 20k in bitcoin, otherwise who cares".
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:00:35
The fact that the two versions are completely incompatible means that they are two separate coins, regardless of what transaction history or name they share. It's almost certain that this will result in two separate coins as explains nicely, the issue is that this can't safely happen until 2X implement replay protection and the only reason 2X refuse to do that is because they want everyone to abandon the No2X Bitcoin in favour of their version, which is an attack on the No2X chain. So if you consider No2X to be the original Bitcoin then this would mean this is an attack on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-02 18:39:56
When these forks happen they split off from the original chain, meaning up until that point they have the same history. This means that if you own Bitcoin when a fork happens, you will also have Bitcoin on the forked chain as well because at that point in 'history' your wallet had X Bitcoin in it.
The issue with holding your Bitcoin on exchanges is that you do not 'own' that Bitcoin, the exchange does. The exchange owes you X Bitcoin which you can withdraw at any time following their withdrawal policy, provided they don't go bankrupt or someone hacks them, etc. This means that in fact the exchange gets your forked Bitcoins as they have that Bitcoin in *their* wallets when the fork happens. If you want to benefit from getting the forked chain's coins as well you'll need to hold your coins in a wallet where you control the private keys (and thus 'own' the Bitcoin).
The best wallets are hardware wallets, but these come with a cost (though when you consider that they are the safe box that is keeping your investment secure, they're not very expensive at all). If you want a free wallet and are sure that you have a malware-free computer you can download a desktop wallet (I'd recommend Electrum, who are prepared to support both sides of this coming fork). Failing that you could hold your coins on a mobile wallet (I've heard Mycelium is good for Android devices but I would do some research as I don't hold coins on a mobile wallet so can't offer any personal advice).
@_date: 2017-10-21 23:16:07
I'll buy some off you haha!
In seriousness check out localbitcoins.com it's a p2p exchange so you just put up an ad listing and sell them to other people directly for a bank transfer. Feel free to message me if you have any questions, I'd be happy to help. :) 
@_date: 2017-09-06 10:31:35
Coinbase has their own fees that you can see on their FAQ, try googling "Coinbase fees". My recommendation would be to send the money to Coinbase, transfer it for free to GDAX and purchase your BTC there, on a limit order if you can as that has a 0% trade fee. Then your only fees will be on the deposit of EUR to Coinbase which from what I remember are quite small.
When you've bought them click withdraw in the top left and move them to a paper, hardware or software wallet such as Electrum or a Ledger Nano S. This is important as you only own your bitcoin of you have the private key. If you keep them on an exchange you're essentially holding an IOU from the exchange. Look up Mt Gox and BTC-e for horror stories of people losing all their BTC when their exchange went under.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:18:44
Your private key is used to sign transactions of funds from your wallet. If someone controls your private key then they can sign transactions without your permission. If you suspect someone else has access to your private key at any point you should generate a new private key and move your funds into that new wallet as soon as possible, otherwise you risk losing everything. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 11:30:40
On the Lightning Network you set up a contract between you and the person you're paying which only resolves itself after X amount of time. So if you go to Starbucks every day for a month, instead of sending 30 transactions with 30 separate fees, you instead send one transaction at the end of the month that adds up the total BTC you owe Starbucks minus the total BTC they owe you (refunds, loyalty discounts, etc.) then you send it all as one transaction at the end of the month, so you only pay a single 80¢ fee which in this case works out at around 3¢ per purchase (becomes closer to "free" per purchase the more you transact with that seller over the time period you agree on).
For one off purchases there'll be no difference, but for multiple purchases in the agreed time span it'll really make things a lot cheaper (though never 100% free). 
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:34:40
So bartering is illegal? If Bitcoin is neither a foreign currency nor a domestic currency, then it's not a currency? And if it's not a currency it's just a regular good? So if I traded my sheep for your goat is that illegal as well? Or if I sold my Steam account for 1000 Namibian Dollars is that illegal because "Steam accounts" are neither domestic or foreign currencies?
This ruling makes absolutely zero sense, which clearly shows how scared the Namibian government is of losing their monetary grip on the economy by their citizens using Bitcoin instead of the over-inflated Namibian Dollar...
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:10:32
I'm not the original guy, there's no need to be hostile. I simply Googled "penal colony" because it had a funny name and I wanted to see what it was. I noted that touched on North America being a penal colony and thought the quote was relevant to your discussion. 
Besides, this whole argument you're having with yourself depends on what the original commenter means by the phrase "started out as". We're not part of some secret conspiracy to slander the humble beginnings of your precious USA, I'm just a guy who Googled the funnily-named term and pasted the link because it was relevant to the discussion. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 08:30:17
Yes for the fork that happened on August 1st you had to have Bitcoin in your wallet at that point in the 'history' when the blockchain was copied to make the other chain. There is another fork coming in November when the blockchain will be copied again. If you want to benefit from this upcoming one you'll need to have coins in a wallet where you control the private keys again.
However it's still not known if both the existing Bitcoin chain and the forked chain will survive together or if one will die, so it might be that there is no benefits to gain from this coming fork if only one chain ends up surviving (though you will not lose anything in this scenario if you avoid making transactions until it is deemed safe).
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:29:21
Maybe a faucet? Not sure... 
@_date: 2017-10-13 08:27:10
Seeing as the market cap of Bitcoin is just the price multiplied by the Bitcoin in circulation, I would argue the monetary base of a currency would be the best measure to compare it to (M0, notes and coins). At the moment there is no infrastructure built on top of Bitcoin to provide credit and banking services which would allow 'broader money' in Bitcoin. When we start seeing some of those solutions (probably built onto layer 2, not the main chain) it would probably be more accurate to compare countries' broad money to this 'broad money' of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-01 19:04:43
Coinbase account also don't require you to actually own any bitcoin. The likely truth is that most of those accounts will fall into the categories of "no longer used", "hold small amounts of bitcoin", "don't know anything about the technology of Bitcoin or what a 'fork' even is", "don't know anything about the politics going on" or multiple of the above.
At the end of the day no one can know what's going to happen we'll just have to wait and see come block 494784.
@_date: 2018-03-26 14:46:55
He [stated]( that his Reddit account had been compromised at least, not sure about other social media accounts but many people share passwords between things like this.
@_date: 2017-10-01 19:06:02
100% agree with you there. No one can know what's going to happen, just make their own bets.
@_date: 2017-10-08 10:16:08
Both of those came *after* the pop, so your comment is not very applicable to his or to the argument.
**edit**: this is incorrect - see below.
@_date: 2017-10-04 12:55:01
Just want to let you know that although the Ledger website says that the Nano S won't be shipped before October 15th due to high demand, I ordered mine 4 or 5 days ago and it's arriving today (in the UK) according to an email I received this morning. Obviously this isn't a guarantee that the same will happen to you of course, but might be worth knowing that some orders are shipping straight away.
@_date: 2017-10-05 10:09:37
Couldn't agree more. We're in a very early stage where core aspects of the protocol aren't set in stone just yet, and the nature of open source projects means anyone who disagrees with a new feature can fork off and make their own version.
I expect there to be another handful of fork attempts in the next year or two then as adoption picks up and aspects like Segwit and the block size will become accepted fundamentals, so there will be less people who want to change them through forking.
@_date: 2017-09-15 12:54:03
I mean localbitcoins.com may have some listings in your country with a minimum purchase amount of 0, which would let you buy this amount. Why do you need such a small amount anyway haha?
@_date: 2017-10-16 17:40:16
If it's so insignificant why are DCG pushing it so hard and refusing to back down? Why are we having an entire hard fork over something "insignificant"? Your own argument doesn't even make sense. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 00:48:21
Hmm I guess you're right. At present the Lightning Network would be most suitable for people that are willing to take business in Bitcoins (i.e. not immediately change the BTC they received back to fiat) as this would be no different from their normal operations. For businesses that wish to change the BTC received into fiat, they would only take transact via the LN if they were betting on the price of BTC either staying constant or rising in the period which they've agreed to for settlement.
@_date: 2017-10-06 11:51:38
Yes they could but their release would likely be heavily delayed (like this BCH release) and you would miss out on a lot of opportunities to use or sell the fork coins that are rightfully yours. It's equivalent to a 3rd party freezing one of your accounts while they decide whether to give you your money back or not and I disagree with that. My opinion is that holding your own private keys is almost always more beneficial than any alternatives.
**edit**: Coinbase have just announced that they'll [support both sides of the fork within a few days]( of the fork happening, so thankfully my argument above doesn't seem to be the case here.
@_date: 2017-10-06 11:42:51
The exact details depend on the circumstances of each particular fork, but in general it's as follows:
If it's just one person (or a very small number of people) then not much, as they will have no other users to transact with and no miners to validate their transactions and mine their new coins. Eventually they realise that a network with only a handful of people on it is pointless so they move back to the majority network and their fork dies.
If that person is supported by a large majority of the network (or even the entire network), then again not much will happen as the majority of users will move to the new fork and this *new* network will become "Bitcoin", with the original version dying and being replaced through the fork. Hard forks that don't cause a new chain are in this category of support, as they have been proposed and agreed on months in advance.
Things get complicated when it's not a clear minority or majority (in the region of 10-90%) which is the case with this current fork and with the previous Bitcoin Cash fork. In this case both chains have enough of a network to stand alone separate from the other, so if you control your private keys you will be able to claim your Bitcoins on both chains and transact on whichever network you wish to support.
Support is hard to measure though as there are users, developers and miners that all get to 'vote' on forks. Developers create and maintain the software that enable the forks in the first place, users choose to transact on the forks that they wish to support and miners confirm the transactions and mine the coins of the fork that they wish to support. Thus when users support fork A but miners support fork B, it can be difficult to discern the support levels for each.
@_date: 2017-10-31 00:54:22
This is much more secure than a simple "IOU". This is a contract that **cannot** be broken. The party that breaks the contract ends up losing more than if they just stuck with the original agreement.
Also this is much better for Starbucks than an IOU, as Starbucks can actually spend the Bitcoins they're due to receive in the future *before* the settlement date arrives. As far as I'm aware they would be able to spend the Bitcoins in another Lightning Network smart contract as long as this new LN transaction resolves *after* the original settlement date of the transaction with the Starbucks customer.
**edit:** see comment above for a great explanation!
@_date: 2017-10-29 23:48:59
This is correct. To back up your wallet write the 12 word seed on paper and give it to your relative telling him/her to keep it safe and secure.
I personally always memorise the last word so that even if someone found the piece of paper they would still be missing one of the words, but this relies on the assumption that you won't forget the word/won't need your relative to access the wallet without you (for example in the case of your death). 
@_date: 2017-10-16 08:31:01
Actually, having no intrinsic value was a trait that was highly sought after for money. That's *exactly* the reason why we've moved from gold and silver coins to nickel and zinc ones.


Quotes like the above from [Yao Qian]( (Director of the Digital Currency Research Institute of the People's Bank of China), really tick me off as they either have no understanding of what they're talking about or they're being intentionally misleading and I no longer know which of those is worse.
@_date: 2017-10-01 12:38:08
"Users" and "accounts" are very different things.
@_date: 2018-04-03 23:12:20
Bitcoin is being used a currency now, not just online but in various stores around the world (Microsoft, Expedia, KFC in Canada, Namecheap, Overstock, Newegg, CeX in the UK, ...). Also, crypto debit cards are already in existence, which allow you to spend your bitcoins and altcoins wherever any merchant accepts regular card payments (though these cards rely on a trusted third party).
Also I'd like to mention that making Bitcoin a *legal currency* would not mean that people *have* to use it as a currency. If Bitcoin is made a legal currency, **all that would change is the format of the taxes applied to its trade and use**, nothing more. Bitcoin can still be used as a currency even if it isn't declared as one by the governments of the world, just like gold or cowry shells could be used as money without permission from the government. Bitcoin is currently being used as a currency despite the US Government not legally classing it as one.
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:30:02
Site looks great otherwise! Very clean and nice UI. Would be great to be able to have more customisability on the dates for the price charts on each coin's page too so you can see slightly more specific date ranges, as that's something I use a lot on CoinMarketCap. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:56:54
You can send and receive on-chain payments to fund/empty the wallet - it is only receiving *Lightning* payments that is disabled. You can either create a new wallet or import one from the menu that opens when you first open the wallet.
@_date: 2018-04-08 00:13:00
I just checked and it's working fine for me - maybe it's not available in your country for some reason? Try searching for it in the store manually, or try on your computer in the [web version]( of the store. The title of the app is exactly *Eclair Wallet* and the app icon is in colour, unlike the testnet version.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:46:25
I'd also be interested in knowing this.
So far the only two I know of are the [Blockstream Store]( and the mainnet version of [Yalls.org]( Excited to try them as soon as my channel opens!
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:53:07
The Android APK is available from the [Google Play Store]( and from [Github]( (along with source code).
@_date: 2018-04-08 12:59:26
Ahh okay I see, that sucks. That means I'll have to close my channel.
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:09:47
Thanks for contributing to the discussion without any unnecessary added profanities or personal insults.
@_date: 2018-04-06 11:28:04
It's **owned by PayPal**. It's on the first line of their [Wikipedia page]( - they're just sneakily rebranding to make people think it's a new and better service when it's exactly the same. The Wikipeda page also mentions the fact that it's US-only, not global. It even states:


...which makes it *slower than Bitcoin* too.
@_date: 2018-04-04 19:00:17
Checking PGP keys is for your own security/peace of mind. Downloading from the [Google Play Store]( should be safe as this was uploaded by their account and I think it's reasonable to assume that their account hasn't been compromised.
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:05:47
There's [a great Lightning wallet]( in development which I'm looking forward to which does those things and is a light wallet.
All it needs is a bit more flair in the UI and it's for sure a winner - the functionality and reliability of it is much better thatn Eclair from my experience. Check it out (on testnet only for now) and report any bugs or feature requests you have to the Github (or PM me and I can submit them on your behalf).
@_date: 2018-04-06 11:38:28
Looks nice! Having an issue with the 7d price graph hover tooltip bubble. When I move my mouse off of the graph slightly side and then move my mouse back onto the graph again (from the left side) the tooltip doesn't show up. This only happens on the left side, and only when moving the mouse less than 50ish pixels - more than that or moving off to the right both work fine.
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:08:24
[This Lightning wallet]( is in development at the moment but will support a lot more than Eclair does currently, including receiving Lightning payments. Give it a go (testnet only) and report any bugs you find or feature requests you have to the Github so it is released sooner haha.