@_author: eastwesthydro
@_date: 2013-07-18 16:24:05
Please don't hesitate to call or email us with any questions -- we're always happy to help! 
Getting started with hydroponics can be a little daunting at first, and I would agree that at first glance the catalog is a bit overwhelming. And the reality is there are so many options that it's difficult to address the question(s) efficiently on a forum. But, we usually start first with your objectives and budget and work backward from there. A few questions off the top though:  how many plants, are you growing greens or flowering plants, what size grow space do you have, indoors or outdoors, heat and humidity are important considerations if in an enclosed space, are you a DIY'er or would you prefer a commercially made system? 
But before you plunk down a credit card (or Bitcoins ;)), I'd also recommend picking up a beginners book to gain some insight and help you decide on a type of hydroponics first (there are several types). The starter book I most often recommend is a quick/easy read but a good primer called "Beginning Hydroponics" by Richard E. Nicholls ... used copies are floating around on Amazon for ~$9 and any major book store will likely carry it too. Finding an experienced local grower to solicit advice from is a great idea too, as ViolentlyLibertarian mentioned. Best of all is a local friend to show you the ropes and recommend products/brands/retailers, etc.. But in the absence of that, there are many forums where you can gather advice and ideas as well. 
I may be biased, but I think any reputable hydro store is still a great reference point as well. Find an "established" local store with an owner/manager who actively grows. Most stores are run by some of the biggest garden nerds you'll find anywhere. And while the local shops may be more expensive, they're an invaluable resource and we always encourage people to support them whenever you can. You never know when you'll be desperate for a replacement grow lamp, a bottle of nutrients, advice on white flies, etc.. 
Anyway ... we're quite happy to help over the phone or via email too so please feel free to reach out any time!
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:46:54
Anyone have recommendations for Bitcoin tickers to integrate into a website? It may be of limited value in our case, but offering an up-to-the-minute snapshot of Bitcoin exchange rates might help convey the level of maturity the Bitcoin market has reached. There are sizeable exchanges, real time data feeds, merchant services co's, an ecosystem of wallet apps and mining products, active (and very successful) merchants, sufficient market liquidity, etc.. 
Anyway, as much as we can, we'd like to encourage people to learn about Bitcoin and give it a shot. Sometimes just takes a little confidence building and helping folks over the first couple hurdles ... 
@_date: 2013-07-18 18:17:14
Well ... now that hydroponics and aquaponics are more mainstream there are a number of food growers clearly labelling their produce as hydroponic. I've begun to see that more and more at the grocery store.
There is also a thriving industry of growers who serve local markets with premium/specialty items like this:  ... (Btw, most of the gear in those pictures was sourced from us.) Folks interested in organics, food safety advocates, hobby gardeners, and commercial food growers are all critical and growing parts of the hydroponics industry. Then there are even smaller growers who keep an herb garden at home just to pick at for themselves. 
I've not yet found statistics on what folks are growing with hydroponics, though I'd definitely be curious to see some. But, I'd bet dollars to doughnuts they'd show the vast majority of hydroponics is used to grow food and flowers ... 