@_author: eat_dope
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:43:19
I'm so very sorry Sir, but you have been brainwashed.
Consumerism has pushed the need to create overpriced low quality products through the roof. Think IKEA, McDonalds, cheap Chinese plastic crap toys, ... We produce more waste than ever before. Efficiency is at a record low.
Newsflash: Automation technology has made most jobs completely obsolete! 70% of people are doing a job that can be replaced by a machine. They just keep 'em employed because the economy would crash if they fired them. And thus they create more useless jobs for the idiots to fill their empty lives with.
Just think about it: Is the need to have a job really that positive? Do you really want to spend your days working at McDonalds?
In a modern society, access to education, housing and health care should be absolutely free and having a job should be optional.
If you don't understand what I'm saying, you completely missed the point. Try again.
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:34:45
Look it up, lol!
The benefits you mention are benefits of good quality education. They have absolutely nothing to do with GDP. For instance, when people spend more at health care, the GDP goes up, but it actually represents sick and dying people.
People in Cuba have equal life expectancy, water quality (lol), employment rate, smoking rates and especially better health care than people in the US, all because of decent education. Their GDP is much lower than in the US, yet, they are one of the happiest nations on Earth.
All while the United States' GDP keeps growing, and people's health keeps getting worse, people are getting poorer, unhappier, etc.
The efficiency of any human system is measured by the
amount of happiness x average life expectancy / amount of waste (in the form of garbage, CO2, etc.)
Countries like Costa Rica, Panama and Cuba score excellent at this. Waste/capita in high GDP countries keeps going up, year after year, while happiness keeps going down, year after year.
More information
