@_author: eathawk
@_date: 2014-07-08 04:23:17
This one is for "atmosphere." I hope we eventually see similar approaches for
- wireless spectrum
- water (as in lakes, streams, and underground aquifers)
- public lands/parks
Maybe even roads.  And how about "mileage" when self-driving, autonomous "public" cars are everywhere?
@_date: 2014-08-04 06:16:46
Whether it's recorded on the blockchain or not, I recommend this article on [Holy Matrimony vs Holy Matrimony](
I understand if your automatic reaction is to categorize this as religious junk, but that would be wrong. There's been 30+ years of anarchic thought here and an ultimate realization that, when stripped of all the modern mysticism that has been methodically wrapped around it, the Bible is one big history lesson on practical anarchy and what goes wrong when societies move toward centralized governments. See [A Bastard's Summary of the Bible](
I've always felt this group's approach would be a wonderful fit for bitcoiners. For example, Shawn's Outpost submitted 501c3 papers for tax deductible status. In doing so they became a state corporation which granted the state the power of strict operational restrictions.
On the other hand, a “church” is automatically granted tax deductible status and is NOT required to file 501c3 paperwork. Donations to a church are tax deductible anyway. But the vast majority of mainstream churches file 501c3 paperwork because they assume its the law and, in so doing, become state corporations.
Is Shawn's Outpost doing religious work? The Bible mentions the word “religion” five times. Four of those times are in a negative context. The one time it's mentioned in a positive light is James 1:27 - "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."
The Greek word translated into [world]( means “an apt and harmonious arrangement or constitution, order, government.” True religion takes care of the needy through true charity, not with taxes taken at the point of a gun. 
Long story short, Shawn's Outpost could have established itself as a true church (without all the modern mystical trappings) and avoided becoming a state corporation. I hope this message gets to future charitable organizations.
So, back to the marriage issue... Before Social Security, there was no state involvement in marriage. A record was normally created at the front of the family Bible and established by those who witnessed the vows.
Today, a couple is automatically classified as a common law marriage after a period of time (usually 7 years) and comes under the jurisdiction of the state. The exception is if there is a pre-existing contract. The hope of bitcoiners is that the blockchain will provide the necessary evidence of a pre-existing contract. But that will have to be tested In courts. What I'm suggesting is that the blockchain couple might also create a backup contract through a “church” that is not a state corporation. Or, perhaps the way to look at this is that the non-corporate church contract would provide legal validity to the record on the blockchain.
Food for thought.
@_date: 2014-10-31 02:36:53
Moore's Law. A couple years from now, the guts of your entire Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will fit in one of those segments. Farther out, some will opt for an implanted phone-on-chip with smart contacts for the display. Some may prefer the pocket-brick form factor with a 5" screen. So what to do with all the extra space behind the screen? 
* Add a big battery. 
* And a high-powered antenna. 
* And a super-zoom camera segment with at least two sensors looking both back and front so all pics can include depth algorithms. 
* Oh! We're also needing chemical analysis at the moment, so pop-in that segment. 
* Phone is anonymous by default, but we can pop in the geo-location segment (which has now power on it's own) when mapping and such are necessary. 
* Pop in that third-party paid mi-fi segment since most of the big guys refuse to integrate it.
Just wild ideas. I'm sure smarter guys and gals can figure out even better uses.
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:14:44
I will read it more thoroughly, but after a quick scan, the Redford article seems to be further twisting of distorted Pharisee/Constantinian/King James authoritarian interpretations. A deeper look at the original language and a more complete understanding of what Moses actually taught yields a much more intriguing picture of Jesus...and one that is immensely more interesting to bitcoiners. This original understanding was nearly lost by the time of Jesus after distortion by the ruler-ship of kings (which God didn't want), temples (government buildings which God didn't want) and generations of captivity under authoritarian governments. And it has been nearly lost again after 2000 years.
Jesus and Power Politics: The Reserve Banks
Romans 13 is about obeying "higher liberty" not "those in authority"
Bastard’s Summary of the Bible
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:39:37
Crypto Show took a critical look at OneCoin on July 1st: 
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:39:23
The Crypto Show took a critical look at OneCoin on July 1st: 
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:37:31
LEOcoin, another coin promoted through network marketing, is also claiming to be second largest digital currency. That seems to be a crowded spot. 
Let's put it under the microscope as well?