@_author: ebmfreak
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:36:27
Oh I know iHerb!!! They are a great company in California!  That's so cool that you use them.
Anyhow, they do two things to make shipping cost lower
1) They actually have marked up their product to "build in" shipping costs a bit.
2) They have been around long enough (Nearly 20 years) and thus have international-specialty shipping &amp; distribution centers that are pre-stocked with their goods, and thus can get special tariffed rates. They essentially ship a pallet to these warehouses, and their orders get pulled and packed with other international bulk-rate goods that all go overseas together. (Called LTL shipping) Then once overseas they are split apart and sent to their locations.
I am just one new small business in Portland Oregon... and have only a single shipping center. Once I get a bit larger I can afford to do that. It'll take some time and money to make it happen.
My next step is to actually use Amazon.com to ship / fulfill. I am currently negotiating rates with them. They are not cheap, but it should help me scale.
@_date: 2014-11-25 21:19:15
Cool --- I am actually honoring it starting yesterday... all the way until 12/1. I am Going to make a big splash-graphic as well for Black-Friday
Oh, and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
@_date: 2014-11-25 18:10:49
[Precisely what I am working on next] (  and is actually one of the reasons I am trying to grow new revenue through BitCoin etc. I need to raise some new capital to "level up".
Reason being, it takes some re-tooling at my co-packer (contract-facility that scales my recipe and fills / labels). My current co-packer facility does what is called "hot filling" of bottles, which essentially sterilizes the glass as it fills at 205°F (just below boiling).  Unfortunately this makes the filling of PET type bottles impossible, as it'd cause the plastic to melt, or risk contamination.
The alternative is for me to use HDPE bottles (that milky white plastic in milk jugs)... which is what I use on my 1/2 gallon commercial size. However it won't look right for the small ones. I want people to be able to see my product.
What I am going to have to do is save some $$, and find a filling facility that can run PET bottles through chemical / gas sterilization (usually ammonia) and a dryer before filling.  This is the same process the "big companies" use before filling Soda bottles or Heinz ketchup bottles.  It just has a high-cost of entry (Talking about $10,000) to have them create the tooling templates to run my bottles / apply labels etc. 
Time and money...
@_date: 2014-11-25 17:47:38
Yup, I have to add a bitcoin button.. Those payment buttons are all coded svg's and not actual images... so they render like a font for fast loading.  Going to work on it today later :-)
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:10:36
Sorry, that is the best that can honestly be done for international. Those prices you see are calculated directly from the US Post office / FedEx / UPS. I don't add any additional fees.
The reason it may seem high is that each bottle weighs about 16oz after packing... so a 3 pack is shipping 48oz. (nearly 1.4 Kilos) in weight. Glass is heavy.... while the sauce inside is 5oz, the empty Bottle itself is about 11oz.
What most of my international customers actually do is order more bottles - as the cost of shipping (per bottle) ends up being much lower once you hit the upper weight tiers.  I think the Best price comes at 9 Bottles.
@_date: 2014-11-25 17:50:57
Hoping I can give you a better experience. We'll have yours in the mail today! It is queued in the system for picking... I am guessing my helper (wife) will pull and ship shortly. I am actually offsite today or I'd grab it personally.  