@_author: echoreactor
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:50:55
If there is money... there is money laundering.  The problem is that gov't holds such a stranglehold on currency that people are no longer capable of simply moving funds without someone taking a cut or taking tax, etc.  This is not how money should be if we "own" it.  
Unfortunately my whole trading stash has been stuck on Gox for a while (first price fluctuations put me in a bad place for trading, at the point I got back on the positive side there was no hope of USD or BTC withdrawal), but everything else goes through BTC-e.  When dealing with unregulated crypto currencies I'm okay with a business who handles every one of my transactions quickly and without issue.  Only difference now is I'm being sure to trim the trading stash on exchanges down to what I actually plan on trading on a given day, everything else going to local/cold wallets.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:02:40
The standard practice is to keep funds in a "client" account with accounting covering every cent that is in there, credits and debits.  This way any audit can point towards the reason for every cent and every transaction is tied to a specific customer.  Banking + accounting is how the rest of the world does it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:48:58
Crypto-topia imitates life.  Anything that can be manipulated and corrupted by money will be, and as such individuals and organizations will aim to control as much of the commodity as possible.
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:14:14
Unfortunately 50% of the bitcoin community is adults with the mentality of 13 year olds.  Karpy should be held to a higher standard, but we're in a world where bankers basically destroy the known financial world, see no prison time, and still get yearly bonuses, so the concept of 'fair' inherently doesn't exist in the world at large, don't know why anyone holds BTC to a higher standard.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:28:22
It's fulfilling a legal requirement, but don't expect any real info.  Everything is in the hands of lawyers now. :(
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:29:02
False, don't assume what people are suggesting.  Bitcoin works fine for microtransactions, but for transaction security you wait for *at least* a single confirmation to ensure the block isn't orphaned.  Faster confirmations is not a lie, in LTC blocks are traditionally found faster than BTC, it is how the system was designed.  Therefore, you hit the 1 confirmation "this is not orphaned" point sooner.  
A merchant accepting a 0 conf transaction is the same as a retail store having their network offline and accepting debit/credit purchases.  Having the card means you might have the money, but pinging the network to ensure the card is valid and the funds are available ensures the transaction is valid and the customer can safely walk out of the store with their purchase.  
People accepting 0 conf and 0 conf being safe are two entirely different things.
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:09:43
Thank you, sir.  Much better conversations on the other side. ;D
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:35:19
Thousands of fiat dollars, as in profit over what I initially put in.  BTC is a method of value transfer, I don't count the BTC I'm holding as worth anything more than when I sell them in the future.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:14:19
We have a winner.  Any time users have a direct line of access to the backend layer you have a losing solution.  Isolation between transaction API/server and user API/servers is the first step, if you don't have that isolation everything else is moot.  
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:46:24
People don't find most security holes until they are exploited, open or closed source.  Most of the time humans simply cannot prevent *all* exploits from happening, so instead we put up our best defenses and see what the 'hackers think up next.  Yes, hackers make security professionals better at their jobs because otherwise they'd have no reason to discover new attack vectors.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:30:36
Except they are international, not domestic to the US.  This is why BTC-e has been great for traders.  No Chinese worries like Huobi/BTCChina, no random bank account seizure that Bitstamp can be struck by because they're high profile, not braggarts like Kraken, etc.  They keep an exchange running smoothly and let people do what they want to with cash, which is the whole reason we have BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:54:53
Criminals are always going to lead the race, KYC/AML helps block off major avenues to push folks to alternate methods.  Need a fake id?  Could be FBI who you end up talking to.  Get a lead on someone who can make passports in Tunisia?  Might be CIA.  Every additional step you add makes it slightly more difficult for the 'bad guys' to get through and adds an additional layer that can be discovered, that someone can screw up, that metadata can be left on a file, etc.  It isn't always about catching everyone, it's about making criminals easier to catch.
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:01:37
Uh, because the market was being heavily manipulated by several large players, likely including MtGox, and thankfully we've been able to maintain a pricing level like this because folks with $$ realized BTC can be a path to $$$$$$ through relatively simple manipulation?  The most intelligent discussion on BTC in a long time on Reddit has been the "Genuine concerns" post on the front page, and despite reading through the entire chain of comments I have less faith in BTC than when I started over a year ago.  BTC is what happens when geeks think they can solve a problem with technology, not taking into account the implications of said technology or the ability of outside forces to manipulate it to play directly into the system it was trying to circumvent.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:53:30
Fiat currency buys mining hardware (which is getting ever-more-expensive) and can dominate an exchange, which controls pricing.  How is it dumb?
Edit: Yes you can use BTC to buy mining hardware within the community, but the fabs, testing, materials, transportation, shipping, etc., all require fiat.  BTC is just a transfer mechanism between customer and getting everything built.
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:27:32
Deterrence is a huge portion of law enforcement.  Those determined to steal will steal, those determined to cheat and murder will do those as well, but more steps to avoid to "cheat at" can trip up the dumb criminals.  Smart criminals will always win, though, they own the banks. ;)
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:39:37
So we have to impose regulations on spending BTC even though all BTC is equal?  BTC coming from Silk Road is eventually being sold back into the community, so should those coins be considered tainted, or because it went through law enforcement are they "clean" now?  It's a slippery slope and why you can't get the community to agree on things like colored coins, quite frankly any layer on top of BTC is going to face some severe scrutiny.  Same here, you have no clue if the BTC you now hold was involved in a theft in 2011, so does that mean if someone in April/2014 tracks it back that suddenly anyone with that BTC is complicit?  Nope, same thing as getting a $20 from an ATM that has traces of cocaine on it.  You are technically in possession of funds that were used alongside illegal drugs, but that doesn't make that $20 any more or less useful than any other legit $20.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:08:23
+1 to this, encrypt EVERYTHING.  And my method (all encrypted) has two copies on cloud, two copies on local machines, and one hard copy.  Since you only really have to worry about it every ~100 transactions or so I do this twice a month, just to be safe.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:07:42
Opensource doesn't mean anything other than people can see code.  It doesn't make for better code, ensures security flaws are highly visible before they are patched, doesn't ensure crucial fixes get merged into the core product, etc., etc.  It's an idea, just like being a nice person, but it doesn't always work out.  
"Fragmented market with increasing centralisation" =&gt; Bitcoin in 2013/2014.  Larger players are going to start holding more and more of the bag via services like Bitpay/Coinbase and via the massive chunks held by exchanges, meaning very few real players are holding the purse strings of the industry.  
Also, one major issue, is mentioning resources.  How many GW of power is being used to power not only BTC but other cryptos?  We're in a world where some people cannot get fresh running water and we're paying tens of millions to the already dominant power companies to keep this experiment running.  If people really gave a shit it wouldn't be by contributing to a first-world currency but instead by trying to help the third world become an economic force, because only then when they have a purse and spending power will the first world have to either a) bomb them back to third world or b) acknowledge and change financial and political ideologies to accept more active members of the global economy.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:31:55
No, using fiat currency.  For example, if I put only $177k into BTC-e right now I can clear the top 150~ bids and drop the price to $677.  Did you see what happened when things went apeish a couple weeks back?  BTC-e order book hit $100 very briefly.  Nobody expected it.  Mining is a different, entirely screwed up part of BTC that I won't touch anymore, far too toxic industry of selling folks dreams on hardware that isn't worth buying.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:07:51
Nothing against you, but internet tipping is akin to any other internet fad.  First people commented, then we reduced it to "Like" or "+", then since we have made-up money we started tipping.  The problem is that there is no use case for BTC that wins.  It is scary for most folks because all they hear is stories of folks getting ripped off or losing fortunes to someone else ripping them off.  It is slower than traditional currency since I can hand someone $20 but transferring BTC requires a few extra steps and adds an extra burden to any retailer who wishes to use it (*another* payment processor when they are already hating their current merchant services setup for the fees).  The wild price fluctuations make it difficult for anyone to consider it a genuine store of wealth (this laptop I'm using costs $500, which could be 1.5BTC today and .5BTC tomorrow, so short of converting at point-of-sale no retail establishment without a significant financial base can accept and hold BTC because they have to pay suppliers, rent, utilities, salaries, etc., all of which require fiat).  I hold BTC, I trade on several exchanges, I even sold hardware with my little group a few months back, but short of an unregulated investment market that provides for some fun day trading, I cannot find a reason why people would mass adopt BTC. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:24:20
Days like today make me hate Reddit because people are proving to be relatively stupid.  No tinfoil hat.
Gox was not the largest exchange, but exchanges would react to one another.  Big sell on BitStamp, people would sell on Gox, Huobi, BTC-e, etc., because they didn't want to be stuck holding the bag.  Big buy &gt; similar, people wanted to get in cheap in case price rose by large amounts.  Gox didn't need to be the biggest, it just had to realize that the market responds to itself.  Same way that one large tech stock on Nasdaq having trouble can impact other stocks - people simply are reacting to the market at large and hedging bets as to where value is moving.  
Now, we've seen through analysis of the Gox leaked data that there were questionable accounts that seemingly traded with no limits and no fees.  We've also seen a lot of evidence pointing towards Gox having a massive deficit that they were aware of and actively trying to recover.  We also saw the large price increase mainly facilitated by buying and selling on Gox and then spilling over to other exchanges (watch IRC, reddit, bitcointalk, etc., everyone was looking at the activity on Gox, despite it not being the biggest exchange).  
So no, Gox wasn't the biggest, but at the point we rose from ~$100, broke through the ~260 wall, 'moon'd it for a bit over $1000 and dropped back down most of the major market driving activity was happening on Gox with other markets trading in reaction, not as drivers.  On top of that, outside of the high-volume, zero-fee markets like Huobi, trading took a nosedive the day Gox closed and has not picked up to previous levels.  This points at a major manipulation that basically had the plug pulled, now the actors don't have a way to push the market because they can't trade "fake money" at Gox and then re-circulate resulting funds through other exchanges.  The loophole closed when Gox did.
FFS, do your research before talking shit like tinfoil hats.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:18:28
So this means that even a 1 confirmation transaction is not technically safe.  Craziness.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:59:14
No, not the US gov't, local municipalities.  Like towns, cities, etc.  And they don't fully rely on these to survive, you cannot budget for "people who will do something wrong that we can charge cash for", but there are expectations placed both within banks and municipal government to generate some amount of revenue or cost offset via these fines.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:52:48
Honestly, I'd say it is as much of a ponzi scheme as institutional banking, however it is at its infancy so the landscape is a little wild-westish.  Given a few years and a few revisions of the core businesses around the protocol, it could be a major player in global finance.  Alternatively, it could wither and die as a failed experiment while sewing the seeds for some essential changes in our current currency setup.  Heck, the concept of person-to-person payments is expanding by leaps and bounds, this could be the single seed that BTC leaves behind because this new model is implemented quicker, cheaper, is based on existing, easy-to-use currency, and doesn't have the negative connotation that BTC currently drags around.  From the ashes and all. ;)
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:59:05
Money laundering has been around as long as money and we haven't nailed a solution, why are you so optimistic that BTC and the slew of crypto's around it will solve that problem?  Sure we can regulate or otherwise color BTC, then people will move from BTC to DOGE to PPC, do a little pump and dump on TRC, move things in small amounts through XPM, trade some XPM for some POT, move the POT back into LTC, then trade that LTC for BTC and cash out.  Who is going to follow that chain when it goes through multiple exchanges and/or mixing services?  With cryptos we've actually created the most sophisticated and unregulated mechanism for money laundering EVER.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:40:06
Not more promising than BTC, more promising than most of the crap altcoins out there.  BTC is the king of sha, LTC is the king of scrypt.  Plus with exchanges like OKCoin, BTCChina, and Huobi supporting LTC (alongside standing exchanges like BTC-e), it's somewhat of a safer investment than any of the other hundred coins you can find on Coinwarz.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:12:09
It takes bank negligence to allow for transfers by anyone other than the account holder.  Having routing/checking account number is not enough to transfer funds and there are a lot of steps involved inside of a bank to ensure that when people sign up for a service or offer this info for signing up on a direct-debit type arrangement that it is legit.  There are certain lax points in the process, like a well-known-vendor type relationship where there isn't a need for a strict super-handshake between vendor and bank because they know the vendor, their business, and there is a proper audit trail in place so the bank limits their liability.
@_date: 2014-01-01 12:45:19
I like your style.  Of course you got downvoted for it, can't talk bad about reddit on reddit, someone will make a negative advice animal about you.
Edit: Alas, my one upvote can't bring you back positive.
@_date: 2014-03-12 03:05:29
The internet isn't the weak point of BTC (well, it is, but nobody is gonna unplug it).  The true weakness right now is the fact that fiat currency can basically dominate any crypto because all crypto eventually ties to a fiat value.  This means anyone with enough $$$ can purchase enough mining equipment (and then dump or hoard coin) or throw it at exchanges (and violently shift the price).  BTC is completely subservient to fiat currency in this sense and as of yet we don't have an answer to this issue.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:21:38
Everyone *should*, but if you get stuck in liquidity problems (i.e., you have fiat on Gox which you can't get out, then you convert it to BTC when price is good and still can't get it out, then Gox disappears) it isn't always easy.  
Coinbase isn't an 'exchange' along the lines of Gox, Bitstamp, etc., it is a money changer or a conversion service.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 02:58:23
It's as easy as emailing yourself a copy when it comes down to it.  Random email addresses provide a great storage medium alongside different online storage options. :D
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:15:27
Confirmation time depends entirely on luck + current mining network.  Could get six confirms in ten minutes or zero confirms in 90 minutes, but baseline is 10 for re-targeting so no idea where you're getting 30 from.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:37:29
Uh, take a second to stop bashing libertarians.  They have good ideas, but unfortunately the rest of the world is too fucking corrupt to allow their ultimate success.  The world is broken, people have broken it with manufactured institutions that basically destroy or consume anything new and innovative.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:28:37
Nope, but try opposing the law.  Doesn't go well for most, so you either stay on the fringe or you blend in.  
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:32:50
People need to stop making fun of the Japanese pronunciation of MtGox.  It isn't funny anymore, never was.
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:54:43
People also believe in local banks, and thank the sweet lord (in the United States anyway) for the FDIC, otherwise there would have been a lot more folks who lost everything in the financial crisis of the last few years.  Even if you know the CEO of the bank you use it doesn't make your money safer there, only means you can make memes by photoshopping beverages in with said CEO.  All BTC-e needs to do is keep the shop running as normal, I could care less who is running it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:55:24
Cheap tablets generally have volatile memory that is prone to failure.  Terrible idea.  Put a wallet on a desktop machine, back up the wallet and save multiple copies in online/offline storage.  Avoid getting Goxxed. :D
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:07:22
It's serious, it isn't a threat.  Here are a few points why:
-There are hundreds of individuals who could purchase the entire BTC "market cap" today and not bat an eye.  Can't say the same for the payment industry which is consolidating into fewer and fewer players (but more and more are offering free or low-cost person-to-person payments, so Bit-what?)
- The institution of banking and finance isn't going away.  Just because a government like Germany gives it the okay doesn't make BTC any more viable as a currency than anything else.  Just means they've taken a legal stance to avoid annoyance in the future.
- BTC still has a bar to entry!  We're five years in, meanwhile look at how much things like the smartphone market has changed in just five years.  With BTC, you either buy in to absurd mining equipment (for the average user, that is), sign up with a shady exchange, if you're lucky you are in the US and can use Coinbase, or find one of the many ATMs that are sparsely located around.  
- Then you have to figure out how to spend it.  Scenario: You're thrilled, you go super-geek and decide you want to buy something in Bitcoin.  Cool, vendor A takes Bitcoin!  The item I want is .2BTC.  I hunt down an ATM, get me some Bitcoin, get home, want to buy.  Oh wait!  BTC exchange rate has changed!  Now the item I want, since the merchant is using Coinbase/BitPay, costs .22BTC because the fiat value has not changed, so now I'd need to find another .02BTC to complete my purchase.  Alternative: Just buy the damn item with a debit/credit card online at any store you want.
I could spend my entire day writing about what is wrong and missing from Bitcoin, quite frankly I don't care enough to spend that much time on it anymore.  There are occasional good discussions and topics around to discuss and debate about.  It's a solution nobody asked for to a problem that exists but realistically isn't that bad, dominated by those who already have a lot, intimidating to those who work just fine with physical cash, and the good parts are being adopted by said "evil empire" finance industry to make it easier, safer, and quicker to send money to people.  Seeing as how many people jumped on the crypto bandwagon, it seems like this was a natural evolution to the payment industry, specifically personal payments, but Bitcoin and the lot seemed to have sped that process up a bit *by showing the finance industry what people want in P2P payments and being childish and moronic for long enough that the finance industry can adopt the good concepts before Bitcoin can get its feet wet*.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:39:23
As someone who worked for a bank for a few years, you have no clue how much income banks take in from overdraft and insufficient funds charges.  It is alarming.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:25:51
Only as good as people can get money into and out of the system.  10k BTC is meaningless if you cannot exchange it when needed and at a good price.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:54:55
Generally speaking banks keep these records in different locations so that you would need to gain access to several remote datastores in order to piece this info together.  So someone being able to hack the website of a bank basically means nothing because it is just an auth layer above any number of other services which return piecemeal information.  There is a huge difference between keeping all of this info readily available and accessible by outside intrusion and having it walled off so a number of internal layers need to work together to get any information.  It's a matter of security systems and we all know the Gox system was crap, if that isn't too offensive to crap.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:45:27
That gif is hilarious until you realize that the banks behind BTC-e, BitStamp, BTCChina, Huobi, etc., could shut down their accounts today and throw the BTC world into another round of fresh chaos.  
The problem is the exec orders that the US is throwing out involve both Rossiya as well as entities they do business with, so if they commonly worked with bank X and bank X serves, say, BitStamp, suddenly BitStamp users have a huge scare of having their funds frozen because of world politics.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:11:17
Massive fraud and people losing potentially hundreds of millions of dollars is not a good thing.  It proves that BTC is, in fact, less secure than fiat currency.  Any exchange or wallet is effectively one private key or programming error away from being locked away for eternity.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:04:42
What the crackers are you even talking about?  Creating a road doesn't make a criminal, but criminals need roads to get places.  Same with money - money wasn't made to allow criminal enterprise (well, we could argue about banks as crooks all day :D), but criminals generally need money to do their thing.  Since we want criminals to stop making money from illegal things, we make it harder for them to transfer or spend said money.  This makes it slightly more annoying for normal people, but it is a small price to pay for trying to curb crime.  
And nobody said "making it easy for criminals to do bad things makes you a criminal", but according to the law in the US as well as many jurisdictions I've dealt with in business there are statutes that ensure you are being responsible when you run certain types of businesses, especially those dealing with money.  In this case, responsibility means you aren't knowingly and willingly letting folks do bad things with your service.  To ensure people are responsible in a uniform way, we first had industry standards.  When it proved that human beings are both incapable and unwilling to really work together under the banner of standards we move into laws in which the gov't say "Listen, idiots, since you can't work together we have a bunch of idiots working here who will write a rule that you have to follow."  This is KYC/AML.  These laws are in place to make it more difficult for criminals to do their thing with money much the same way governments work together with transportation businesses to ensure known criminals cannot (easily) use planes, trains, and hired automobiles to do their thing.
Do criminals get around this stuff?  Of course, every day.  Security is only as strong as the last attack that got through, same with this stuff, so the goal is to limit the bad things getting through, but for those that do you id them, try to figure out all related transactions and actions, then you know to look for those in the future.  Kinda like SQL - nobody thought of SQL injection until people abused it, then developers got smarter.  But there always has to be that first person saying "Hey, there is a security hole and I'm gonna exploit it because nobody ever thought this could be done but I figured it out."  
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:28:17
Because there is no 'fact' behind the shortfall speculation, it's only FUD.  Come back with proof or a source.  Reddit is in a race with bitcointalk for the most useless rubbish in relation to Bitcoin in a single place.  People love bitching and moaning.  
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:28:41
Uh, BTC hasn't gotten shut down or blocked because nobody has done so yet.  US can cut it off at the pipe level, ISPs can block traffic going to the network or related sites, countries can turn off all or some internet, etc.  It isn't a threat, just something else the financial types have to deal with.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:46:09
That would be awesome. :D
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:50:50
Give me a break, the current price pretty much directly correlates to massive fraud from Gox artificially pushing the price.  Adoption is still nearly non-existent, the big "adoption wins" are people who use transfer services to effectively still accept USD/fiat, albeit through an intermediary (BTC via BitPay/Coinbase).  Use, storage, security, regulation, adoption, and volatility are all working against BTC daily.  
Perspective is that five years of history has seen the largest stories involving BTC focused on drugs and fraud.  Perspective is that the mining market is a toxic area of BTC that I choose to no longer deal with.  
Lots has happened in the industry, lots more will happen. The technology is great at pointing out holes in the existing systems without offering realistic alternatives.  Security involves moving funds into "cold storage" or hiding my "private keys" in such a way that they must physically remain safe so that I don't lose access to my wallet, but if someone happens to get their hands on it my money can all be transferred away and I have NO WAY to get it back.  These aren't really concerns for the average joe in the world of fiat, which is why you don't see the average joe giving a damn about BTC.  Fraud with your CC?  Most of the time the CC company is on your side.  Same with banks after you jump a few hoops.  Send someone 10BTC for XYZ purchase and get screwed?  Goodbye BTC, you have zero recourse.
It's a vehicle for lots of people to make lots of money right now.  The long-standing effects we're likely to see are that the current financial system cannibalizes the "good parts" of the technology and makes fiat/standard payment processes even easier to use than they are now, further reducing the need for BTC outside of a revolutionary catalyst to clean up some of our "too big to fail but won't be replaced by BTC" institutions.
Blind faith is for religion.  BTC has very real evidence for and against it, but it isn't painting a rosy picture still for why people should use it.  Five years in.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:27:55
It's like the lottery, the winning ticket can be sold 1 second after the last numbers were drawn or the last second before the drawing goes off next.   :)
@_date: 2014-03-14 12:33:06
Depends on the destination as well.  Some folks accept 0 confirm transactions, others wait for the full six confirm 'limit' to be reached.  Totally dependent on network, but I do wholeheartedly agree we should modify the target time.  People can chirp about the small % risk of orphaned blocks or double spends, but retailers who get near instance acceptance from Visa/MC/Cash are likely not going to want to wait X minutes to ensure the person paying is legit paying.  Yes you have the chargeback/stolen risk with any payment method, but saying "Hey retailer, we have a new payment method for you to use that takes a lot longer to confirm than normal merchant services, don't you want to jump on our bandwagon?" isn't a huge selling point.  It really is the only advantage of, say, Litecoin as opposed to BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:05:24
One thing - this answer pertains to all exchanges out there.  
Lots of us have done this verification, but it is in no way safe.  We have no info on how they handle KYC/AML type information, what verifications are done, how information is stored after the fact, etc.  They could outsource it to another company, they could just be seeing if people are willing to send in docs that look legit, nobody knows.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:44:00
We are interested, however we have basically zero proof of anything with the exception of MtGox going basically radio silent, clearing their twitter, and disabling the platform and website.  It would be great to get more of a brain dump of how you handled things from within the customer service walls, but please provide some proof that you are who you say you are.  
With that in mind - did you or other customer service people realize you were being complicit in misleading customers or otherwise fronting a dissolving organization?  Why would you stick to 'scripted' responses with customers, was there an escalation path to "real" Gox support staff that wasn't an external contractor like yourself?
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:28:30
Anyone can "start using Bitcoin" and it goes crazy.  Hasn't happened.  Infrastructure and surrounding services are still borderline infantile and the fallout from the Gox fiasco has not yet really set in because we haven't seen the first round swing of regulations that are going to come out of this point in history.  
It's the same as saying "BTC may be worthless tomorrow".  Right now BTC is fully reliant on the world banking system because people *see* BTC as valued in currencies, fiat currencies, since it hasn't reached the level of adoption required for people to supplant fiat with crypto.  If banks cut off accounts, exchanges close down.  If banks shut down accounts, Coinbase cannot operate anymore.  Etc., etc., etc.
@_date: 2014-03-26 13:42:13
Yeah, but...  what about the value?  The key problem that I can see with institutional investors is the volatility of the market and their lack of ability to control that volatility.  And the volatility is linked to N# of exchanges that are primarily unregulated but heavily used.  Now that we have a decision about BTC == property, the next step is to try and determine how to mitigate the risk of investing in cryptos since their value is anything but constant and still easily manipulated.  Traditional markets have controls in place to avoid manipulation, how can we bring the same to BTC?  Slippery slope since we primarily want gov't hands off since they've already screwed the traditional system of finance, but the wild west aspect of BTC value is a tough one.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:37:24
The problem would not exist if the issue wasn't present in the protocol.  Full stop.  Transaction malleability exists in the protocol, therefore it is an issue that comes from the protocol and causes problems in implementations, like an exchange.
Gox has the oldest and likely most scrapwork exchange implementation because it was the first.  Other exchanges have had the liberty of better technology being developed and lessons learned from Gox and other sites in regards to responsiveness, backend requirements, etc.  
When a web browser has a security hole, we don't blame the site that was used as the attack vector, we blame the browser and the engine it runs on for allowing a security hole to remain open.  Sure, it would be awesome if all sites protected against all vectors for all browsers to provide a 100% secure experience for everyone all the time, but when it comes down to it the people responsible for the browser should ensure the hole is patched / removed / doesn't exist.  Same thing here.  Bitcoin itself is a patchwork of an effort that is slowly getting refined, but it isn't perfect, and without the security hole that the protocol allows for the exchanges would never have been susceptible to this type of attack.
Reminder - BTC price a year ago today wasn't even $40 with volume significantly lower globally, so these folks were the cowboys at the front of the exchange market.  Being the most targeted, most hated, and oldest kid on the block takes its toll on any business, let alone one that is effectively still a startup in a sea of startups in a currency protocol that is newer than my car.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:29:03
You hit the nail on the head.  Outside of the aforementioned circle-jerking and the pundits (this include economists), there isn't much to be said for the Bitcoin community.  The main forum (bitcointalk) has more or less devolved into a combination of people slinging mud at their own camps as well as those of others and scams (investment, mining hardware, you name it).  Once people realized that cryptocurrency manipulation was relatively cheap compared to other forms of insider trading, aka the ASIC revolution, everything took a nosedive.  Maybe we need a or some such.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:20:34
At the same time, you could simply purchase $100 worth of BTC, regardless of what the price is currently, and hold that fraction of a BTC until the end of time or the price is favorable to sell.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:02:20
Biggest issue is that we don't need replication, we need a new 'home' for this type of community activity.  Replication doesn't give me access to PM's, and running a group buy that is exactly what I need right now. :D
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:53:22
Except you can get BTC from a variety of places, pool it, and drop a bomb on any number of exchanges at the same time.  Again, all that requires is a little planning.  You can easily pick up 300BTC every day from 4-5 exchanges and after a week or two use that collected several thousand BTC to do some damage.  Again, all it takes is enough fiat and you can do anything.  This is a world based (sadly) on money, so those with the most get to have the most fun.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:17:22
Reddit isn't a source for good news, takes a lot of filtering to see the relevant info from the bullshit.  Unfortunately there just aren't a lot of good places for up-to-date info.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:28:41
In regards to the Gox manipulation, we've already seen evidence of accounts with questionable trading activity that are most directly linked back to MK, most of the primary buying was happening on Gox and then filtering out to others (can't miss the wave), and since Gox closed down trading volume has been unbelievably low with very little movement of price on exchanges other than in a downward vector (with the exception of the zero-fee exchanges where margin trading is high, but that will always be the case, but overall price is trending slightly down since the Gox debacle).  Sure, I don't have black-and-white facts to say Gox directly caused this, but there is enough anecdotal evidence that it has turned more than a few heads in regards to the current value.
If you think BTC or anything for that matter is going to unseat the current federal reserve system you're quite wrong, unfortunately.  Banks also aren't going away, they're older than recorded history.  Wealth disparity isn't solved by BTC, in fact BTC goes to show that wealth disparity can easily jump onto any emerging market because the only folks who can move markets are either the super-wealthy in terms of BTC or fiat (for direct exchange) or the super-wealthy who can invest in mining equipment/farms and then subsequently dump the BTC for profit, and fun, while the price is high.  Po' folk have no chance with BTC, no chance, since it offers them nothing but more to worry about when they likely already have a bank account or are working in one of the shadow banking systems that exist regionally.
And why the hell would I be afraid of BTC?  I have a holding of BTC as well as about twelve other coins for "just in case" purposes, so if it succeeds all the better.  If I woke up tomorrow and BTC as well as every other crypto crashed to $0.01 I wouldn't have lost more than I can afford to lose.  I'm not looking to make my retirement, but my group is very interested in working with startups who are actually contributing to the greater ecosystem and solving some of the problems that BTC/crypto has right now.  
Call a duck a duck, my friend, but don't assume someone has blinders on.  For a quick rundown, the group I work with started as an investment group for maintaining, buying, and selling mining equipment, but when we realized how toxic that market was becoming we moved more into investment and looking to help startups we identify in our local communities with guidance.  We're a group that has a few "business" people, a few developers, and more than a few of us have a history in finance.  We're not bullshitting around with this stuff as it is one of many opportunities that can really turn into something.  BitInstant, Silk Road, the great Avalon chip disaster, the wild ride of AM shares, the joke that is BFL despite them consistently shipping hardware that's no longer worth owning, Silk Road 2, Sheep Market, we've followed it all and base anything we say and do on watching the entire ecosystem.  
Right now the scummy money is in mining hardware, the smart money is investing in the ecosystem where BTC is severely lacking.  But thinking something like world powers getting in a pissing match is funny in any way is no laughing matter, the domino effect can be staggering.  The US effective neutered Cuba many years ago for being with "the reds", and Cuba is a sovereign nation.  We also right effed Iraq over oil interests.  
Last but certainly not least, cause I like to type, it isn't my/our job to convince anyone about their mistakes.  But when we see someone posting an article like this and one of the first comments is "nice :)" -&gt; no, not nice, these are shark infested waters when behemoths get into pissing matches because this is when average people hurt.  And average people generally don't give a shit about BTC, so when the BTC cheerleaders start posting stuff like "Hahaha, stupid you and your stupid bank, should have gone BITCOIN!" the community looks like a bunch of irresponsible twelve year olds who don't have a decent grip on the world economy.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:30:29
Except BTC relies on the internet.  And who controls the internet? :)
Or better question, who controls the *internet infrastructure*?  That is who holds the power.  BTC devolves into traded paper notes if it can't exist online.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:37:51
Oh snap. :D
Litecoin isn't necessarily worthless, it does have the advantage of faster confirmations (on average), which makes it slightly easier for merchant purposes.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:15:13
It isn't a shitty investment, even with the BTC I lost on Gox I'm still up thousands of dollars on my ~year with BTC.  It is an investment like any other, a commodity if you will, meaning it is subject to fraud, misinformation, manipulation, and the holy grail, absolute and complete control by those with enough fiat to tip the boat.  It's a risk like any other, and while it doesn't solve any of the problems we have with cash today, it is a good idea that can hopefully mature into something other than a value transfer medium that is highly volatile.
@_date: 2014-03-20 12:11:51
When someone says "I'm not involved" or "Don't involve me", even a sentimental naming of something is going against their wishes.  The community needs to grow up.  People were outraged over what Newsweek and their reporter did but seem to find it hilarious to further drag Dorian along with BTC in ways like this.  Leave the dude alone.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:06:58
I don't, only use it because it is one of the easiest ways for US residents to purchase BTC.  I would have said the same about BitInstant over last summer, but, well, you know where they went. :/  
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:15:18
Short answer -&gt; how the world works.  Large entities often use individuals as "smoking guns" to leak information that is favorable to them.  Limits liability of the large entity in case the news steps on any legal toes, but creates the same effect, if not worse, since nobody knows where the info originated from.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:44:57
Or the easiest way to generate income possible by selling "accounting BTC" as opposed to real BTC.  Fastest way to make money is to get people to pay for something that doesn't exist. :D
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:59:44
Make a product.  Convince people they want it.  Sell said product.  Profit.  
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:09:48
That's a damn good thread.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:02:11
I'm not looking for free money, BTC is a hobby for me at this point along with the other cryptos.  Try re-reading my original post, I'm not looking for anything for free, just stating the facts up until now for how fiat currency influences BTC and how BTC is the farthest thing from democratic.
The argument I'm making is that BTC is in no way democratic, not more democratic than the US Dollar, the Japanese Yen, etc.  It's at this point a commodity whose rise to fame is tightly coupled to massive fraud and drugs. 
Quite frankly, it's yet another commodity that had its original purpose distorted by fiat currency and it'll never amount to much more than this.  It's more difficult to use and store than traditional currency, production is controlled by what is now effectively an oligarchy of miners who can afford to run the level of equipment being produced (which is turning more towards the ASIC manufacturers self-mining since they have the best, best prices), and prices are controlled by exchanges that run without much oversight and can be completely dominated by people with enough $$$.
Oh, wait, we do have a way that BTC can be democratic!  The core devs (small, small % of overall user base) can make changes to the code and influence the network (rule by few).  Or the mining pools/private mining conglomerates can all choose to go a different way and introduce their own fork to the network, and since they're a majority of the mining power, pure democracy works in that they can dictate which transactions get processed since they can get together and choose to use a slightly different version than the one running my wallet, and if I want to follow BTC I have to follow the main fork.  Now we're talking democracy! Those miners got their fairly in a democratic "I have the most to spend on mining hardware" sort of way.
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:02:52
What proof does anyone have on this?  Their business model is simple, people trade their btc and fiat back and forth and Gox facilitates the trading engine and pulls fees.  Their operating costs are likely very low (server, infrastructure, a few employees), so even if they lost a ton of money somehow the amount they have collected in fees in February alone with the high volume is a small mint.  They only hold and pay out funds people have deposited, so where would such a huge shortfall come from?
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:06:23
Problem is that when you're looking at a market that was propelled by fraud you're in a sandy-foundation type scenario.  There is no reason for the price to be where it is other than people not wanting to lose their cash cow.  For all intents and purposes the huge rise in price was led entirely by Gox and followed by other exchanges, while we now know that most of what was being sold/traded on Gox didn't actually exist.  The market is propped up on stilts, so while the bar to entry lowered, there is no reason why the price couldn't be $200 and stay there tomorrow other than massive manipulation.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:28:05
And at the moment you were able to put fiat into the market to sway BTC, BTC got corrupted.  Been on a downward spiral ever since.  
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:13:01
The insolvency bs can only be true if someone ran with the exchanges money from the inside.  ^^^ is quite true, their volume alone makes them one of the most valuable exchanges to keep online.
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:13:00
People do a lot of business on bitcointalk.  It's security issues are well known, the ethics of the owner and mods are questionable, and it's been hacked several times with zero indication they are fixing the issues.  Unfortunately it is the de facto forum for BTC discussions, so until a new game is in town, that is it.  is good too, but Reddit adds another bit of "culture" that is generally toxic to the community.  But a good source of info, so most of us are on here and bitcointalk as well as freenode.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:16:06
Not assigning blame, but the issue isn't as clear as what some might believe from several posts each day along the lines of "FU GOX, FU KARPY!".  
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:52:19
And thanks to the public block chain, as opposed to private banking ledgers, that means anyone with the spare time to link details to individuals also has the time to ferret out large coin holders and extort.  Scary possibilities from this point forward, thankful I'm a small fish. :D :/
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:27:24
No, ffs, read please.  The reason these laws exist is because it makes it more difficult for people doing illegal things to continue doing these illegal things because at some point cash is generally involved.  KYC/AML laws help deter criminals from using things like banks or money transfer services because they know anyone reporting on these could be a link to how they get caught.  Not doing KYC/AML means that businesses have zero clue where the money flowing through them is coming from or going, meaning they could be implicated and/or have their accounts and assets frozen if it is found they are knowledgeable their service is being used for said purposes (like BitInstant).  So BTC-e doesn't do these things, but BTC-e (or Chase Bank, or Capital One, or Wells Fargo) could be holding or transferring funds used for these illegal purposes.  KYC/AML is in place to make it harder for them to use these services as well as provide record keeping to either help track down the source of funds, determine the ultimate destination, or flag accounts for known offenders so any time cash hits those accounts they track transfers. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:20:15
People are desperate to jump on every crapcoin that gets put out there in hopes to cash in, just in case it explodes in value.  This is why the altcoin market is also somewhat toxic, it's nothing but manipulation and hardware washing down from BTC/LTC.  And people will argue "but it has X new features that make it different", but in reality, is it really?  They're all crypto-based coins that have zero intrinsic value until people are convinced to buy-in.  Heck, I could have EchoReactorCoin up and running next week and mine a bajillion, but that bajillion isn't worth squat unless I convince people it has value.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:31:06
Best investment advice I have ever heard - don't trust investment advice from anyone in regards to what you should do with your money, generally they're telling you what will make them richer, not you.  :)  Unless you have inside knowledge all investments are like playing the lottery.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:06:31
FYI, fee income is huge for organizations like banks.  Kinda the same way civil government gives fines for things like a car license plate being obstructed, you having insurance but not having your insurance identification on you, or other arbitrary "doesn't hurt anyone but you get a fine for it anyway" offenses.  Banks/civil government both rely on fee income.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:52:12
Because internet.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:55:46
Update 2: Now it is intermittent.  Was able to check PM's and post on one thread, but now everything is down again for me.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:53:23
I do happen to dabble in security, but infrastructure and in-house development (inside the walled garden) are really where I do most of my work.  
I'm glad a PhD makes you able to create a world in which access to the internet is 100% free and open and there aren't a few hands who could fundamentally cut off access to large bits of technology as well as large geographic regions in short notice.  Too bad we don't have any recent examples of countries turning off all or part of their internet access (Iran, Turkey, North Korea, Syria, Egypt, China), proving that the sledgehammer response to internet traffic does, in fact, work.  ISPs can throttle traffic from Netflix in the USA and have admitted to doing just that, meaning they have the capability to target individual sources if necessary.  If you think throttling X while allowing Y to go through the pipe is a problem then you need to re-check your security credentials because there are a lot of ways to funnel traffic that is required and separate it from other consumer noise.  
My point is that BTC is not a threat, therefore there is no need to employ such drastic measures.  Could they shut down bitcointalk, the KNC site, Blockchain.info, BTCGuild, and the Bitmain site and cause a flurry of panic and dismay because people can't access their accounts / transactions / pms / order info / source for payment infrastructure / mining profits / hardware ordering access?  Sure as shit they can, but they don't.  Again, not a threat, no reason for any gov't or financial body to care.  They're learning from Bitcoin, ensuring it fits snugly into regulation so the big players eventually get their cut, and moving on.
P.S.- Don't be a dick.  This may be the internet and the whirling cesspool that is Reddit, but don't assume people don't know something because you want to get all high and mighty.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:06:17
Sadly, I did, wrote a thesis once on organized crime versus street violence (aka, crimes of opportunity).  It's an insane world, but for the most part private citizens have more to fear from random acts of violence than they do from OC.  Like the transportation argument, statistically speaking it is safer to board a plane than get in a car, but you hear a lot more about a plane crashing than car accidents, much the same the average citizen is less likely to be impacted by the Mob/Mafia/Triads than by street crime.  But then again, by the looks of it the gov'ts and banks are the biggest crooks of all, so it's really all just playing with words at a certain level.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:56:24
Yes, but at the end of the day we aren't able to use BTC for all goods/services/life essentials.  That is where it fails the currency argument.  So I retract the "completely worthless" statement and will instead say BTC has very little usefullness outside of the BTC ecosystem, meanwhile US dollars are US dollars everywhere and have value everywhere.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:53:39
Except that people got their funds stuck due to the massive price fluctuations, then couldn't withdraw fiat, then couldn't withdraw BTC when all hope was lost.  All while deposits were still coming in.  Due to massive fraud.  Then again, Bitstamp runs entirely unregulated (could shut down tomorrow), Kraken is little to no better, not to mention BTC-e being run by anonymous Europeans, etc...  There was no less reason to fear having funds on Gox than any other exchange because they all have the same potential to go *poof* in smoke tomorrow.  
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:37:30
You're missing the 'but's to your argument.  Democracy and BTC would fit well if there was a democratic system in place for how people *get* BTC.  Right now you either need lots of fiat currency to buy expensive mining equipment which probably won't produce enough BTC to cover the purchase price or fiat currency to buy BTC off of an exchange.  There is nothing democratic about this, this is currency as usual.  Just because the accounting ledger is public doesn't make BTC any more democratic than chewing gum - those at the top can happily stay at the top and maintain enough power to control the system for everyone below them.  As-is it looks like the triumphant "moon" rise to over $1200 USD and then the dip back down to current levels was entirely influenced by manipulation of the market by Gox to try and overcome a bookkeeping deficit from either an earlier or an ongoing theft.  Now people aren't doing any large-scale buying or selling except for arbitrage opportunities on no-fee exchanges like Huobi, most of the large-scale buying and selling stopped when Gox died.  Coincidence?  Doubt it, much more like the powers that enabled large-scale manipulation shut down so everyone packed up and went home, now the little fish are sitting around hoping for big fish to push the market again.
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:38:48
I can't speak to your experience, but we were trying to use the Blockchain.info service a few months ago for integration into a product we're working on but found too many inconsistencies like this.  We ended up rolling our own json-rpc service based on a private server instance that uses a polling queue to provide the same functionality, but our API has run much, much more stable than any of our tests with blockchain.info.  
Would actually love to hear some positive stories around blockchain.info, don't hear many of those these days.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:09:39
Are you kidding me?  
Democracy is about doing what is decided by the majority.  That is democracy.  Anything else is additional to democracy, but pure democracy is majority rule.  
I was in the mining game, I could have easily invested more, but I chose not to.  It was evident that the race to the bottom was on and a majority if not all the hardware for sale will net the manufacturer their return up front and would never ROI for a miner.  Had I paid for a KNC Neptune I'd be on the long list of people getting refunds since it'll never ROI.  Butterfly Labs / Avalon?  No comment.  AsicMiner has always sold at above-the-ROI point but usually pretty close, but I'm finished with them.  Bitmain has pretty much always sold on the same model, but right now they're almost out of the game for the same reasons.  CoinTerra and HashFast delivered too late to really matter other than to make everyone else mine a tiny bit less.  I don't have the technical know-how to design my own chips and don't want to since the mining hardware business is mainly about finding the next sucker to buy hardware that ensures ROI+ for the manufacturer but fleeting returns for the person purchasing the hardware.  I'm sorry you mistake my issues with the BTC industry as a whole with whining, your bad.  And don't throw "being part of the network" at me as a valid reason to keep mining past the point where it costs more to mine than it earns - there are a cubic ton of people "maintaining the network" and the only thing I'd be doing at that point is paying my electric company more than I would otherwise spend for the coin I'm mining.  Win utilities, loss miner.
Your argument against fiat/US is the same as the argument against BTC/crypto.  Once someone said X crypto = Y USD/Yen/RMB the whole thing fell apart from the original premise of BTC/cryptocurrency.  At that point it became about profit for mining and trading and spawned the current state of the crypto ecosystem.  So while half the industry is trying to cash out (with manipulation included) the other half is trying to find legitimate uses for the technology all while there are gaping holes in security, usability, and services/infrastructure around cryptos that nobody is doing a good job of solving... all while mainstream media is providing the most exposure people get for BTC and mostly in an uniformed way.  
Democracy in the truest sense cannot exist because the majority can kill the minority (slavery).  Freedom in the truest sense cannot exist either because people are greedy, selfish mofos.  Cryptos are at the mercy of anyone with enough fiat to play the game.  Same with fiat.  Same problems, no solutions yet.
I still think this technology is a game changer, but not the current incarnation.  If anything, it points out the flaws in our current monetary system and gives existing powers time to react before BTC even learns to walk.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:44:32
Many prisons in the USA are privately run and terribly corrupt, people are making money off of prison.  This is a broken system.  In banking, the people with the most money get the biggest breaks and best rates, often screwing out those with less who are looking to get ahead.  Also, a broken system.  While I can appreciate sarcasm, the idealists and utopians have to get their head out of the sand and realize that creation of an anonymous money transfer protocol means that everyone who has been desperately trying to hide their fiat laundering and operations involving fiat now has a new avenue for obscuring where their funds are coming from and where they are going.  Creating something with the "best of intentions" doesn't mean it is going to be used for those and there are entire industries and thousands upon thousands of people whose job it is to ensure that criminals (the real ones, the ones who would buy and sell your daughter or their own mother for a profit) are blocked from executing their goals.  The real world doesn't stop and real world problems are a primary concern with any emerging technology.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:24:53
It does get criminals since they need to find ways to circumvent the system.  Law enforcement watches these back doors and learns about more every day.  Same as shutting down an interstate, traffic still gets from the suburbs to the city, but with the interstate being off-limits you get to see the alternative flow of traffic.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:34:28
Old link, Midas engine for trading was supposed to allow new currencies but nothing came of it.
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:28:10
But there are plenty of ways to do any of these things without BTC, it doesn't add anything new, just creates a different way to do these things.  Intrinsic value is not a myth, but it is used incorrectly.  The intrinsic value for BTC is more or less the current market value because that is the value people have placed on it based on all surrounding factors.  The 'real value' of digital currency is nothing (much like the real value of paper money, it's really only worth the paper it is printed on which is fractions of a cent), the 'intrinsic value' right now is basically the 'exchange value', so without exchanges we would have no comparable basis for value other than "cause someone said so".
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:39:12
That's just a dick thing to say.  
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:11:35
Compared to processing fees for merchant services it is.  What you do with the cash (business checking with monthly fee, for example) is up to you.  If you're referring to the tax factor, that's the price of doing business in a society that believes in (or is it imposes? :D) taxation, so ultimately if someone pays with cash, card, or BTC, the tax value would be the same and would ultimately need to be paid with cash.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:52:58
People always talk about educating the general public, but in all honesty, the public cares more about sports than education, more about religion than infrastructure, more about E! Entertainment News than the Science channel.  The public is dumb.  Very dumb. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:58:13
I stand corrected, had some facts mixed up in my head between LR and a different company that got shut down, EGold.  Even still, Costa Rica + US have very friendly extradition, so that was just a mistake since once you touch USD the gov't can and will go after you.  They need to stay anon at BTC-e for just this reason.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:49:47
This is a scary and at least for me, until now, a dangerous side of BTC.  The ability to link large wallets to individuals (complete with contact info) makes for a whole new era of digital theft through traditional, bat'n'gun means.  People shoot people for shoes and crush people to death for holiday shopping, do you think the lowest of the low (paired with technical aptitude) won't result in people having targets on their backs?
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:09:12
If there is no KYC/AML then you open the door to rampant money laundering as well as use of services by child porn, drugs, sex/slave trade, etc.  This is when gov't steps in a regulates the shit out of things.  I wouldn't trust an exchange that DIDN'T do KYC in some way, shape, or form because that would likely be the first exchange closed down by a bank/gov't for illegal business.
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:23:27
This type of overreaction is the issue, people screaming and throwing a fit because there are some regulations in place to try and catch criminals.  This isn't some communist witch hunt, it's a global effort to curb crime by limiting the avenues by which criminals can move money.  It isn't a catch-all, it is easy to circumvent, but it helps.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:57:33
Kraken needs to stop being such a dick.  Lots of folks lost lots of money on Gox.  Not everyone is an internet nerd who keeps up on everything happening, so I'm sure plenty of folks used Gox because it is the name they found (kinda like you can choose HSBC without knowing they launder money for drug cartels) and because the service worked for their purposes.  For every speculator who lost cash because they kept it on Gox there are likely five people who were blissfully ignorant of any problems, used it in a limited capacity, and got swept up in the firestorm.
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:55:01
It makes more sense to buy outright, then spread a little of it into a few of the more promising alternatives (LTC, for example).  Right now most mining equipment will not earn back what you pay for it, not to mention the aforementioned electricity prices.  Lots of folks end up paying the power company far too much when they could have invested in BTC directly.
Also, this is advice from a sometimes day trader.  Never hurts to have a spread on your investment in case anything has a "moon" day or two and you're feeling lucky.
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:08:52
Despite the dogpile on Gox, FWIW BitStamp has still suspended withdrawal as well.  Let's stop bitching about Gox and discuss the problem in its entirety.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:33:52
Still provides a trail, however rudimentary.  On the flipside, since we're in the stranglehold of the current global financial 'overlords', doing business with banks means jumping through hurdles they impose (or make gov't impost), so regardless of how meaningless they may be it is the price of admission.  BTC is completely worthless if you cannot exchange it for fiat, it is an internet creation that people paid into and continue to pay into.  If you cannot see that, I have a cubic ton of CopyPaperScrapCoin that I'd love to sell you. :)
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:25:53
But chris is right, *do not* mention you know the rule.  Being through bank security training, this is a red flag.  Knowledge of the law should not work against you, but for everyday folks knowing about the limits and how to structure transactions (which in itself is illegal) gets you marked by the bank I used to work for (they've since been absorbed into a larger multi-national, but I know employees who survived the transition and the policy is the same).  Blend in and banks generally leave you alone.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:10:06
Yeah but there is always the risk that the transaction will end up not being accepted or on a block that is orphaned.  One confirmation is our default for accepting payment when we sell goods for BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:23:55
Miners verify blocks but don't put anything into the chain.  Transactions are submitted from anyone connected to the network, so it could be an exchange, could be your local copy of B-QT.  These get rolled into blocks/part of the chain, then miners are the ones verifying the integrity of the chain.  The 10 minute time is also arbitrary, time to verify is supposed to average around ten minutes but since mining is an arms race it is often quicker than that since people keep pushing hashing power at the network.  Higher hashing power &gt; quicker block discovery &gt; higher difficulty every 2016 blocks to attempt to push discovery time back to around 10 minutes.
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:37:54
There is a lot of truth in that response.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:36:29
This is the free market in action.  Except in crypto-land, your money can simply disappear and never be recovered.  Welcome to the future. :/
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:49:23
You're already contributing that way to society, likely by working, probably by not committing crimes, hopefully by not hurting people.  We're all already part of the largest social experiment ever (human society), so paying into being a part of BTC (like mining) just doesn't make sense.  All you're doing in that respect is making other folks money (hardware manu who is making mining gear, reseller who sold it to you, electric company for use of power to run equipment).  Every layer between BTC and you is someone making money off of you, so in reality, find the cheapest way to get in (like Coinbase, reasonable fees and you can then withdraw to a local wallet), and decide when your sell point is.  Investing in the network is nonsense since the network has been taken over by those with the most fiat currency to purchase mining equipment.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:38:20
Global sex/slave trade is one of the largest black markets on the planet.  They don't discriminate over payment method, so an anonymous currency is a perfect target, despite blockchain analysis for hunting source/destination.  It isn't a BTC problem, it is a human society problem, but human society has to close avenues that slave/sex traders utilize.
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:06:05
Don't assume people don't understand something based on a single comment.  Reddit is so full of that shit.  Countries have laws - people circumvent them.  Currency markets have controls in place - people circumvent them.  The purpose of most laws really comes down to stopping the lazy people from committing crimes since they aren't willing to do the work required to get around or hide from the law.  The entire financial world is one giant cluster-mess of insiders, governments, and "too big to fail" companies all giving one another handjobs in the back room while the rest of the world things they are playing fair and right.  So I would never, ever think that laws or controls will stop all people, just that they stop some people + give a means of restitution if someone gets caught.  To say there are protections in place means just that - they are in place.  Whether or not they work is a totally separate discussion.  
I'll actually leave you with a paraphrase from my old criminal law professor.  Brilliant prosecutor turned professor, I think this is more spot on than any analysis I've ever seen of law:
"The problem with law is that, at the end of the day, it only makes for smarter criminals.  Say it is illegal to punch someone, a smart criminal finds a bat.  Say it is illegal to hit someone with a bat or physical held object, they'll find a gun.  Outlaw violence, they'll find a way to hide it or find someone to do it for them. The only thing law does is tell people what they can get caught for and how they can be punished if caught.  Everything else is up to the free will of people."
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:57:51
Yup, so like Jackten said, the block chain isn't particularly revealing, but when you link a user database with contact details to transactions that leads to the block chain you basically write a map of wealth in the BTC world, so while we're not necessarily going to see the "placing bugs in peoples houses" ridicule someone offered in another thread there is an option for crimes of opportunity in which criminals find they are geographically close to large wallet holders and can publicly follow the funds on the chain and/or extort, blackmail, etc.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:23:05
Seriously, this is as close to as BTC gets, so verification please.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:43:11
Because Canada doesn't have any weak links for organized crime to exploit?  Sharing the border with the US makes Canada an outlet for US-based crimes.  Like others are saying and some of the 'utopians' in the community don't understand is that the reach of crime, and organized crime specifically, is broader and more frightening than most people would be willing to accept.  But it is part of the system, and sadly, most organized crime is run better and with more respect for people than the average street thug who will kill a woman for a coach handbag.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:35:48
Yeah, they traditionally don't hold onto a large reserve, their business model is around straight arbitrage and fees, which requires them to also deal with delays in the fiat side.  As an example, I was able to buy 16BTC on Coinbase back in the day from the wrong account that only had $10 in it.  They didn't realize it until days later after I had already moved the funds out of my CB account.  We made everything right by them allowing me to re-run the transaction through the correct bank account.  But that could have put a serious hurting on them if not just one but a few hundred people did the same thing but *didn't* return the BTC.  
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:01:09
Wasn't listed in the original filing as an asset, afaik, therefore it isn't technically bound to the company.  Plus, how do you verify someone "owns" a particular BTC wallet or address?  Transparency on the chain is one thing, but when MK can simply say "I don't have those keys any longer", what else can you do?
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:23:39
If you don't want to utilize your funds within the global financial market (of which BTC exchanges participate because they deal in fiat currency), don't play.  Same risk anyone takes signing up for a bank account, etc.  Hack can happen anywhere, hell, this message can be intercepted, contents changed, and forwarded to Reddit all the same as if I had posted it.  No information is safe short of something you have in an offline format that gets encrypted in a way only you can unlock.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:51:11
Not to mention you can accept cash and not pay anyone a fee.  Every other method loses to that.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:09:13
You should not have downvotes, this is a valid point.  Dumbass reddit.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:51:17
Which is why fiat currency rules Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-18 12:43:19
We need to kill this phrase. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:24:11
There is likely an army of lawyers between us and this answer right now.  Nothing has mentioned whatsoever where the fiat currency disappeared to since it was apparently very hard for Gox to transfer it to anyone, therefore we can likely conclude the fiat is 'there' but everything is being held and isolated together as 'assets' if there *are* lawyers involved.  Cashing out the JPY queue (no confirmation, only widely spread rumors) was likely a route to ensuring nobody domestically could sue while they clean this mess up.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:43:50
Bitcoin itself is NOT a pyramid scheme.  However, the way it has currently been implemented is in the style of a pyramid scheme in which increasing adoptions is necessary for continued or extended life.  It is a protocol and commodity without a purpose because it doesn't answer anything that traditional currency doesn't already do.  The only difference is that government controls traditional currency, whereas *coins are unregulated and only have value if folks believe they have value.  Yes, it is neat, yes, I hold lots of various coins, but no, I still don't see intrinsic value other than an investment vehicle that is pre-regulation, so a wild west type setup for people to make lots of cash quickly.  If I have $100k in a bank it cannot simply "disappear" because someone lost the key, it cannot be transferred in a way that it cannot be returned to me.  
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:31:34
Still down for east coast USA @ 8:33am.  Got an email from them regarding a PM @ 2:30am, so it was at least running for user access at that point.
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:18:42
Did anyone ever consider that the amount of violence implied by people on reddit and bitcointalk may be making this issue worse?  Employees may not want to go to work if they fear violence before getting into the building.  Yes, you only have a few folks outside who aren't causing trouble, but all you need is that *one* person who takes it too far and attacks an employee or someone unrelated who works in the building. I would have moved shop in a heartbeat if people were showing up at the otherwise not-customer-facing office every day.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:08:11
There are a number of companies offering this for KYC these days.  Never once trust it, always go the 'small amounts deposit' route.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:47:11
Because they are likely scared shitless and figuring out how to get off the radar asap.  Like the above said, people will do crazy shit for $70 million. :(
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:15:19
I'll throw another one on the pile - what the hell good is BTC in times of a disaster?  I've worked with a volunteer group during several bad storms and other natural disasters and the one thing people need the most in these situations is physical, hard currency.  Phone lines are down, internet is down, cell towers are overloaded and most communication grinds to a halt.  You can have all the BTC in the world, but without access to the devices required to transfer and confirm these transactions you have nothing but good intentions.  As a society we're beginning to rely far too much on the "always on" concept, so much so that people completely and totally lose their shit when "always on" isn't working.
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:23:16
If god stepped up and starting talking about BTC it would be a whole different ballgame. ;)
Why would Gox mention solvency if it isn't a worry?  There are pretty accurate estimates for the income they collect in fees, now just imagine how much of that income was collected in BTC back when price hitting $100 was a pipe dream.  Now imagine holding that in cold storage.  Now imagine the fact that Gox operates entirely on other people's money, so when I trade for X BTC I am getting X BTC from another customer account and he is getting USD from my account.  Gox simply facilitates the transfer and takes fees from both of us.  Provided Gox isn't the same level of stupid as the folks from SRv2 who supposedly had the whole cow in a live wallet (which simply doesn't make sense, they've been around long enough to ensure reasonable protection of offline coin), it is a non-issue. It's like Gox making a statement about how this issue has not impacted the failed moon rover the Chinese put up there.  Unrelated items don't require explanation.  Plus, if there was a shortfall, look at how high the volume has been on Gox lately, even without withdrawals in BTC happening the volume is insane, so Gox is making out nicely on everyone freaking out.
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:24:57
Nope, market behavior drove the price down and is driving the price back up.  All the Gox behavior has been within Gox, closed ecosystem with the anticipation of rejoining the herd once this issue is patched.  Trading has been fantastic. :D
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:32:56
OMFG, again this assumption that people don't know what they're talking about.  Don't assume anyone on the internet is ignorant except for yourself, and that requires being self aware enough to realize what you do not know.
It isn't easy to ban outright, you just need to make it "tough enough" for people to use.  The sledgehammer approach is kinda like stopping people from reading at night by killing the power grid or blowing a few key areas and watching the chain reaction flow through the then overloaded grid.  Works?  Sure.  Ideal?  Nope.  Can people use flashlights or candles?  Sure, then you cut off access to flashlights, batteries, and candles.  War of attrition has and always will be a core way to eliminate anything, from threats to annoyances.
Look at what you're talking about, though.  Places where people are fighting oppressive regimes need actual physical capital for day-to-day survival, or even more specifically basic resources that can be used or bartered for other life essentials, not esoteric internet money that changes value based on big players on exchanges.  Facebook internet in the sky is still a pipe dream and too far off to maintain any validity, since internet-in-the-sky still works over some form of pipe to flow information, so pipe-level-access is still an issue.  And if you continue to make things harder to access, eventually the novelty factor wears off and the only people fighting to keep it alive are the true believers.  
So no, you win, you get magic internet points for winning, it isn't "easy to ban" except that it is, in fact, really easy to ban.  There are dozens of avenues that I can think of which would impact BTC as a whole, like financial regulation, outright financial bans, network disruption, disruption of important hub sites for the community, all draining it of any real value or usefulness because it'll be easier to smuggle cocaine than access the BTC network in a way that won't get you fined or arrested.  BTC has enough hurdles for adoption for the average joe, adding more hurdles makes people care less since they already have access to most, if not all, of what they need through physical currency, credit, and the banking system.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:28:07
Except Buttcoin vs. Buttercoin vs. Dogcoin vs. Earcoin doesn't matter when it is Whatevercoin that has a USD (or other currency) valuation.  In some places I can trade butter for what I need and never touch fiat currency, in some places I can spend magical internet monies -&gt; because they have a USD value that someone can get on an exchange, via a service, etc.  Supply vs. Demand is a valid market force but doesn't really play when you are talking cryptos because there are dozens you can quickly swap between for value transfer and have different exchanges available.  The amount of coins *on exchange* is what drives the exchange value, thereby determining fiat valuation.  There are tons of wallets, large ones, that don't move, so saying "BTC is valued by 11mil coins, but after Gox it is valued at 10.2mil coins" is inherently wrong.  Price changes from minute to minute, day to day, and could just as well be $100 tomorrow as it can be $1000.  This is a speculative market and runs on speculative terms, aka, it is the wild west, those with the most fiat/coin can tip the boat the most, and overall supply vs. demand doesn't matter because the whole supply is not on the market or the goal, short term gains or optimistic holding/collection are the orders of the day for BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:58:36
It isn't a real currency, it is a commodity that can be spent.  I can't buy a laptop for the same price in BTC yesterday as I can right now since the ultimate USD value of the laptop remains constant and the BTC price will fluctuate.  The only thing that can have a set and hard BTC price is intangible goods like services where there is no hard fiat price attached for production, distribution, materials, etc.  When you are sending someone BTC it isn't like you are handing them $20.  You're handing them a digital note that is worth $X when exchanged out of the system, but X is an unknown factor until the point of exchange.  So that $20 I wanted to give you in BTC last month?  Well that amount is now worth $15, but hope the market doesn't crash before you get it to and out of Coinbase or it could really only be worth $10, maybe $5, perhaps even $45 if things go right.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:28:46
Fiat currency buys hardware and fiat currency can dominate any exchange.  If you have $10M USD you can right fuck up any order book on any exchange right now and send trading into straight chaos.
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:34:46
These are basically merchant conversion services that transact BTC &gt; fiat at the point of sale, reducing the liability for the merchant to hold or transact with their own BTC.  Bitpay/Coinbase uses a rate slightly above their active exchange rate to gain fee income (and handles the interactions to ensure they have funds on exchange to purchase coin when needed), merchant gets the USD/fiat settlement without maintaining a wallet, buyer gets the same purchase ability as they would already have with credit/debit/paypal.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:47:26
And why anyone would hand over the login to their online banking is beyond me.  Yes it is a verification method, but I don't want &lt;hired and possibly shady KYC rep who is likely a contractor&gt; looking at my financials, even for the dummy accounts I now keep for BTC-related ventures.
@_date: 2014-03-19 18:31:53
As a community we should do what the bloodthirsty newsmedia did not do and leave him the F alone.  It is upsetting that people cannot be mature and respect his wishes to not be involved in any of this.
@_date: 2014-02-24 16:29:23
Can we stop with the nonstop torrent of bullshit posts and just post info on a single thread?  We don't need updates every time someone says something on IRC, that is not official and y'all are only feeding the FUD train.
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:04:39


Nope.  Let's continue.


So Bob can hide his porn fascination from his wife.  Check.


WTF does limited supply matter?  Nearly 60% of the BTC that exists is not actively being used, with a large amount of the rest sitting on exchanges that could shut down overnight, got tapped away with Gox, is involved in wild investment and manipulation schemes like pirate40.  What this really says is that while 60% is either lost or just dormant, most of the rest is major players holding significant sums, some of which are whales manipulating the market for fun and profit while others are blatant criminals.  Yeah, countries with high inflation want in on this shit.


And the ability to get BTC is just as likely to be a problem for those people.  I saw it here somewhere earlier tonight that BTC is a first world solution to a third world problem.  The technological requirements to make BTC a sound investment are far beyond people who are fighting for jobs, infrastructure, food, medicine, or a decent living.


So is Paypal.


Ditto, except not almost free.  But the personal payment market is exploding, perhaps influenced by BTC, but without the ridiculous fluctuations in value.


No chargebacks/no reversal is a huge problem for adoption, when shit goes down businesses and people want to be able to get their money back, not get goxxed.


Except for the need for exchanges that require regulation and monitoring or the infrastructure to support BTC, an internet currency, as a valid option when running water is still a problem in a good chunk of the world.


So if your house gets broken into a thug can ditch your lockbox with your paper wallet, er, cold storage, er, BTC retirement fund in it since he couldn't pry it open while taking greater pleasure in your laptop and XBox.  I don't want to store a fortune under my bed, what is this, the 1650's?


Or it can plummet and everyone who paid into owning will have been fleeced by the early adopters and talking heads who convince everyone to smile each and every time a broad swath of believers get swindled or hustled of manipulated out of shitloads of money.  Hell, just look at the mining industry, what a toxic waste dump.
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:26:38
This ^^^ is key.  Acceptance within the supply chain is a pre-requisite of more mass adoption.  Right now people are only taking the battle to retailers with an "adopt or we'll shop elsewhere" mentality.  This is normally considered extortion, but we'll call it an adoption tactic. ;)  Also, the point two up is very, very valid since the current implementation for most retailers is to provide straight conversion, which will negatively impact the market because BTC is not being used in the pure sense but it is instead a transfer of value based on a current market rate.  So retailers "accept" coin, it gets converted, converting company must either hold onto it or sell it back into market, and I firmly believe the "market" is highly controlled by large players.  This ultimately leads to a consolidation of BTC into few hands =&gt; the exact same problem we experience with fiat currencies.  
Everyone is busy evangelizing what BTC *can* do without truly accepting that this revolutionary currency has a lot of growing up to do before any degree of mass adoption will happen.  It's more of a burden than anything to deal in BTC these days - so the true spirit of a nationless, peer-to-peer currency (that effectively requires the same business layers that we see in the normal retail/fiat world) is really lost.  Peer-to-peer it can't be beat as far as fees and security (provided nobody gets their wallet hacked), but to move to the next level there are so many missing pieces that nobody is addressing.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:59:14
That is basically how I play it.  Looking at the charts, putting bids/asks in front of larger walls, hoping recent activity is indicitive of future behavior.  Then being ticked that I left asks in the 580's range on BTC-e this morning when I went into a meeting only to find the price hovering around 605 right now. ;D  But I don't Gox it (yeah, that is so going to become a thing), I never trade with cash or BTC profits, they get slowly funneled to an off-exchange storage medium.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:35:04
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:27:23
Seriously?  If you have anything realistic to contribute let me know, otherwise sorry that my developer side popped through in my casing.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:48:51
Bingo.  LTC was worth twice what it is now when BTC was hovering around or below $100.  We held on the off-chance that a rise in BTC would one day trigger a rise in LTC, now we're sitting on a healthy pile of LTC with zero reason to sell yet.  If LTC has any virtue, it will rise by itself.  If not, next time BTC tanks we'll unload.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:44:49
Which is why it is very good to be having the hearings in Congress that we see this week.  For lack of official guidance, US banks thus far have basically blacklisted BTC-related businesses with only a few exceptions.  With guidance from the IRS and FINCEN as well as general policy towards crypto currencies more banks should feel comfortable allowing these businesses to get accounts since it is another revenue stream that foreign banks will soon snatch up.  If there is money to be made, US banks will be there.  Just look at the international drug trade, banks help those folks every day!
@_date: 2013-10-28 12:56:52
I got hit by the same issue for much more BTC and Coinbase resolved it via support tickets in about one day.  Good company, good customer service.
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:20:56
Sad, but true.  Poor model putting such an unrealistic premium on the product, definitely explains pushing a two/f/one sale.
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:58:34
Floral wire. :)  It's crazy useful in the right circumstances.
@_date: 2013-12-04 15:01:03
Wallets open is another one - I discovered this when I went to put a few AM sticks on solo mining (playing the lottery, more or less).  All of a sudden my LTC pool was reporting a significantly lower hashrate for that box.  Sure enough, BTC wallet =&gt; 7970 performance dropped significantly.
My best guess is that I put together some cheap hardware for mining (cheap mobo, ram, cpu) and it shows in little instances like that.  Don't know what exactly is the culprit (bus speed, some processing oddity, who knows), but another pc I have for work can run everything and still be used without fail.  Only difference is those three components are significantly cheaper for mining towers.
@_date: 2013-12-31 15:44:03
How about you stop supporting Apple in general?  
@_date: 2013-10-06 18:32:18
So the strategy relies on unloading hardware that will never ROI on someone who doesn't know as much as you do.  The mining aftermarket relies on screwing folks who don't know any better, which doesn't say much for mining, and if that is the only way to really profit it's like an ugly game of hot potato.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:29:39
Yeah, but eventually even the gold holders are going to need it for something.  Or society breaks down and the people with guns tell the people with gold to ef' off and take it all. ;)
Believe me, we're not shedding all our coins.  Much like our pile of LTC, we're hoping for a sunny day when we can sell BTC for $500.  But as a precursor to that there needs to be more driving demand, meaning places we spend fiat need to become places we can spend BTC.  If everyone sits and holds there is no point and it becomes pyramid scheme-like, aka "You gotta buy into this so the stuff I'm holding becomes more valuable!".
@_date: 2013-10-25 17:03:41
True that, wtf is this downvoted so much?  People in the BTC industry need to be more understanding when good companies have problems and harsher on the shady companies, like the hardware manufacturers.  CoinBase is actually providing a service that will help BTC by leaps and bounds.
@_date: 2013-10-06 22:51:42


Sorry, gotta call nonsense on this.  Did you happen to see the sales of AsicMiner USB sticks?  At 2BTC they were overpriced and would never ROI, at 1BTC they would never ROI unless you got lucky, and every step further down the price was always at that sweet spot where you might ROI if BTC price went up.  Talking about the 'aftermarket', not a single person who got screwed into buying one on Amazon or eBay will make as much as they spent on the unit, guaranteed.  In all cases it makes more sense to buy BTC on a dip and hold it rather than buy mining equipment.  Everything coming out now likely won't ROI, so spending money to run it as opposed to holding the cash until vNext comes out makes no sense.  In the end, very few people 'make money' from mining, most hope to break even, and the true believers don't care about ROI and "want to support the network".  
Then look at the BigPicture hardware.  Every time it was priced the price was over what one could expect to make back.  People were excited - until the price was announced.  Everything else is a "pre-order", so it could blow up like LabCoin, bAsic, etc..  You could have an Avalon where a whallop of the community got downright f***ed.  Or how about BFL?  That's a joke and a half, and despite the fact that they are shipping the total lack of regard for customers is ASTOUNDING.  
At the end of the day, I'd warn anyone I know away from bitcoin mining.  BTC itself has some benefits, but the mining part of it is more or less a business that runs like a ponzi scheme.  Get in first, sell to suckers before you can't sell anymore, repeat.  And at the end of the day it is the vendors making money off of BitCoin, not the miners.  
@_date: 2013-10-06 13:48:22
It also speaks to currency systems and who is getting what out of BitCoin.  Last I spoke with friends in China it is much, much easier to transfer money with BTC than RMB, especially if you want to move any cash across the border.
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:23:09
Price is way, way too much.  This is the other problem with the current BTC economy, a few weeks ago the metallic version would have cost $300, now it costs ~$600.  For folks who haven't been in BTC for a while and aren't sitting on a pile, that is a huge investment.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:40:37
Calm down, 'zilla.  If you are happy mining CrapCoin and unloading it to people who either think CrapCoin may hit big or are just too ignorant to realize what a joke the alt-coin market is, good on ya.  
But the CrapCoin market only really works to diminish the validity of BTC.  Period.  Full stop.  They are pointless derivative commodities that only have any intrinsic value because BTC has value.  It's like when someone makes cool hardware and the next month someone has reverse engineered it and produced a version that works like shit, looks like shit, and only exists to point out that people didn't get the original, they got the shitty knock-off.  
There is a huge difference between ignorance and opinions.  I'm very well informed on the entire *coin market, but my opinion is that alt-coins are bullshit. :)
@_date: 2013-10-29 20:28:46
Mainly because I agree with the folks who think the current banking system is broken and balanced way against common folks.  Look at student loans - US Gov't gives very low rate loans to banks who then up the rates to give students the loans.  So banks profit from people seeking higher education, which is priced out of the range of a lot of people.  
There are plenty of examples of this.  Look at the Visa/Mastercard/Amex extortion racket that is credit today.  They basically make the rules and have the gov't make them official.  
The idea of a de-centralized currency that can be used free of banks, the reserve system, etc., is awesome and progressive.  And as an American, I doubt the dominance of USD in the next few decades.  That's a biggie.  I'm not looking to evade taxes, have paid every year, on-time, and reported all contracting earnings honestly, but quite frankly the banking system sucks and we need something to disrupt it.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:16:57
Small group of friends who got together to put some money into BTC.  We did mining, sales on eBay and Amazon, even direct sales on forums, but still the most we've ever made is from trading.  
If you are one of the "first day" owners from KNC then bravo - nearly everyone after you will be fighting to recoup what they spent.  Same story for any other piece of hardware you can order today.
@_date: 2013-10-06 14:45:50
In China, but we don't discuss BTC often because their government is worse than ours in regards to watching the wire. :( 
@_date: 2013-11-15 04:26:02
BTCGuild is incredibly stable and reliable.  Essentially zero downtime.  Plus luck varies greatly, so while they did get six in a row the last ~24 hours have been rough for blocks.
@_date: 2013-12-04 15:04:16
In the last couple of weeks I've withdrawn BTC, LTC, and USD (via Payza) and they've all gone through just fine.  Also withdrew PPC and XPM to local wallets without an issue as well.  
Honestly, if you're in the USA use Coinbase for everything related to fiat transfer and move the BTC from there to your exchange.  From exchange, finalize everything in BTC and move it out to Coinbase.  This has worked like a charm and involves a minimum of banks.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:00:48
Bitcoin is ready, the financial industry is not.  When purchasing, you need to account that there will be transaction time for confirmations.  Also, any company selling BTC is doing so at a great risk as once they send it to you there is little they can do for a reversal, etc., however they are waiting on your ACH/credit card to validate.  
As an example, at one point when BTC was much lower I purchased 16BTC from Coinbase from the wrong bank account, so they funded me and my BTC was well through to a few different wallets before they realized the error.  I resolved it with their excellent support, but from one customer they were out &gt;$2000 for a few days until we resolved the problem.  
@_date: 2013-10-30 16:00:26
Sorry Princess, you appear to be the one with the chip on your shoulder.  
I've watched people try to convince folks to buy mining equipment that is a money pit, I've been in chat rooms with vendors joking and laughing about how much they screwed customers with an upsell that makes them some loot but ensured the person will never earn back what they paid for the hardware.  I'm advocating supporting BTC in a way that supports BTC.  If you had a way to pay for a house without giving money to a bank for lending you money they were loaned at a lower rate, would you avoid it?  So why would you pay a hardware vendor and an electric company so that you can "earn" this currency when a much better route is to purchase it directly and use it at businesses that accept it to help proliferate the currency as a whole?
Stupid is paying for a BFL Monarch right now.  Stupid is buying any AsicMiner hardware as it won't return your investment.  Stupid is expecting any KNC equipment received after mid-November to earn back the price you paid.  Stupid is sitting here and saying, hey, rather than give a vendor $2000 and the power company $200/month, effectively starting myself at net -$2200 and trying to earn my way back up to zero, I'll instead put that $2200 into BTC *right now* and have absolute control over when/if I sell, if I hold, etc.  In once scenario Vendor and Utility make a lot of cash up-front and you're constantly chasing your way back to a positive which is likely not to happen with any hardware on the market.  
Advocating crap-currencies does nothing for bitcoin but feed the lowest level of me-too's and people who are either greedy and hoping for a big win or being suckered into the alt-coin market.  Just because CrapCoin is worth .000000001BTC this week and you can earn a ton of CrapCoin doesn't mean it is worthwhile, meaninful, or anything more than a big game of hot potato in which you hope you're not holding when people stop caring about CrapCoin and move en masse to BullshitCoin.  Again, spend your time and effort supporting this nonsense derivative market or support an actual currency that has some foothold in the world, your call.
@_date: 2013-10-05 12:25:25
Is the price going to be adjusted on your site to match that?  
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:15:30
Of course, alt-coins are nothing but a weak copy of what BTC was meant to be.  They exist only for suckers to trade on exchanges and have no intrinsic value except for the fact that people are unwilling to admit they've been powered/priced out of BTC mining.
@_date: 2013-10-24 11:07:26
Damn right, literally thirty minutes after I say "Screw it, US east coast calling it a night for trading"... :/
@_date: 2013-10-06 16:54:25
But what you describe is destined to fall in on itself.  Right now most hardware being sold will not recoup the price people are paying for it, therefore mining and the whole industry around it is literally eating itself alive.  Say we're on Gen2 hardware now.  90% of the people who get this hardware will never make enough to pay it off, so unless future hardware gets cheaper, every generation will never pay for itself let alone offer a down payment for vNext hardware.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:26:17
Just gotta have faith, right? ;)
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:06:29
You can check a site like BitcoinCharts.com:
It has info on blocks mined, frequency, estimated next difficulty, etc.  
As-is, diff is supposed to increase every two weeks and blocks should be found every ten minutes.  With the mining arms race, diff is raising closer to every 10-11 days, so same amount of blocks are being found in that timeframe, but then diff increases to try to accommodate the new hashrate and push blocks back out towards that block-every-ten-minutes rate.
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:12:41
I have the same setup - except a lot more hardware.  They can work just fine together as long as your computer has the bandwidth for the memory and IO needs of the software.  I had one machine where I tried to mine XPM and the LTC/scrypt miners took a serious downturn, but for about six or so months now I've had some degree of sha/scrypt mining working together on several machines without fail.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:20:47
The "pyramid scheme" exists in the mining sector of BitCoin.  The only way to stay involved is to continue to purchase new equipment to keep up with the network and hope you earn back your investment.  It's a race to the bottom.
While BTC can be manipulated (since value is denoted by less than 10% of the currency which is traded on exchanges), it is no pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:26:37
So...  Here's $200 for the $90 I get back.  Nope. :D
Flipside - I'd love to pay utilities in BTC!  
@_date: 2013-10-07 15:35:20
But at the end of the day, the vendor of the Asic makes his cash up front and assumes zero risk since people will buy anything under the sun.  The miner assumes all the risk since the vendor could go belly-up, could be a scam (Labcoin), or could deliver late by a few weeks killing the sweet spot where a miner hopes to earn some money back before praying diff doesn't raise too fast.  
There is no vendor, no vendor, selling hardware that assures even making back the price of the hardware (let alone material costs like electricity which you have to pay all along) without the magic "but BTC could/should/must go up in value to keep this train going" line.  
The mining industry is toxic right now.  You don't hear success stories, you hear people who are pissed off because they were sold on dreams and promises that will never deliver.  
Maybe sometime in early 2014 things will level to a point that it is reasonable to consider buying mining hardware again, but right now there are unknown PH hitting the network in the next ~4-5 months so no calculator or estimate is accurate.  
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:02:20
Sorry, my phrasing was off, I know how diff works. :)  Was referring to the current borderline exponential increase (stop raising and steady out).  If people hit the wall of it not making sense to bring new hardware on because we hit a value/diff/elec cost wall, things would level off as the network would operate closer to the intended 2016/2 week plan.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:15:11
Oh the securities were an interesting bubble to follow.  The rise and fall of AsicMiner shares was a fascinating ride.  Same with the closing of burnside's 'exchange'.
@_date: 2013-10-30 01:38:11
Actually writing about an enlightening experience on how I could better support the BTC economy.  My life is already better, skipper, just decided to share a piece of the story.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:43:48
Everyone knew it would go up, nobody knew it would skyrocket.  People scoffed at the idea of a continued 75% diff increase per month... even while we moved towards 80, 90, and the current is at around 120% (or slightly higher?).  The one picture I saw on here a week or so ago summed it up, it's like one person mentioned the pool is open for the season, next thing you know there are so many people in it you can't see the water.  Everyone hoped/prayed/banked on still being able to see the water when their hardware arrived.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:34:32
The flipside to trust in the dollar is that the USA has the best equipped and most bomb-ready armed forces in the world.  That is why people trust in the dollar.
@_date: 2013-10-06 17:56:27
This is always the promise. :)  But as the network grows, you will need higher and higher GH (and soon TH) to make any reasonable return on hardware.  At the current rate, we're facing the top level of technology people are willing to pay for with limited possible return.  Nobody is going to be doing Intel-level architecture for a product that won't return its price *ever*, let alone vendors going through all that trouble if it is impossible to actually sell their overpriced hardware.  Even with the price drops they put in place most folks who order current KNC hardware will see little return if any.  So either we scale up (er, down) to 22nm, which is order of magnitude more expensive, or we scale out to more cores (remember when the computer industry hit this wall?).  That means more power consumption, which at a certain level puts hardware at above what residential power boxes will handle, not to mention the price for that high power draw.  The only way mining remains profitable is if BTC price continues to rise.  If BTC hit ~$60 USD tomorrow and stayed around there for the next four months, nobody getting hardware for the rest of the year will ever see ROI.  Ever.
@_date: 2013-10-31 12:30:30
Regardless, for anyone getting in to BTC, saying it'll cost ~$200 for a wallet to secure funds is prohibitive.  I understand the idea behind charging BTC within the BTC economy, but most people don't have BTC and aren't mining BTC, they just want to get involved in the currency.  At that rate, they base their buying decision on what the BTC/USD/fiat price is.  That means these cost $200/$600 to anyone not sitting on BTC. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:24:04
Stubborn. :)  The last few diff changes were just brutal though, nothing brings harsh reality back to a room than seeing what was earning $1 then earn $0.7 then $0.4 then $0.10.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 17:42:01
You mean supporting BTC payment processing businesses (CoinBase) as well as merchants who accept BTC?  Isn't growing a currency that is free from banking and X-government control the whole point of BTC, not just chasing a fleeting dream of buying money-printing machines?  Did I miss something?
@_date: 2013-10-29 18:33:26
If I had free power there would be a ton of things other than BTC I'd be using it for. :)
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:19:12
Also relies on having the hardware - that is big.  You have the same initial investment for a GPU-style rig for whatever coins you are mining.  Actually, not true, you want to get slightly better hardware for scrypt - we got bit on a machine where we opted for a cheaper mobo and memory.  Worked great for BTC, ran 24/7 no problems, but with any scrypt coin it would always crap out and require extra maintenance, reboots, etc.  Only difference in setups between three rigs was the mb/memory, that was the only rig that had issues.
@_date: 2013-10-29 17:39:06
Not sure what "BC" you're talking about, but I use CoinBase and you can buy partial.  Has a few steps for getting verified, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-26 22:57:03
Bravo.  Not adding anything new and insightful to this as I'm about to put a toddler to bed, but the community needs to be more open and inviting of new members and questions, even the simplest ones.  Assume BTC requires your grandmother to understand it, you know, the one who only got a DVD player last year and still doesn't trust the thing.  So act with that level of patience when dealing with newcomers.  After all, you don't build a revolution by being exclusive and higher-than-thou, you do it by allowing everyone to pass the bar for entry.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:07:55
Impossibility unless BTC basically bottomed out and all exchanges closed.  If BTC has a value, as soon as some people turned off hardware the diff would stop raising and steady out, making it more marginally profitable to mine again.  Then more people turn back on rigs, diff rises, people eventually taper out, etc.
As long as there is a monetary value on BTC the network will never diminish that much.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:06:26
I threw my hat in 100% on alt-coins when I saw BBQCoin pop up.  That right there invalidated the whole thing.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:34:35
Yup, just can't everyone doing both.  The problem still remains that a very, very low percentage of coins determines the overall value and someone with $1-2m USD can easily disrupt the market in a very, very large way.
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:01:19
Except if prices drop dramatically, more people will buy, diff will spike faster, units will be less worthwhile to run.  Vicious cycle. :)
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:49:03
There was no real way to calculate how much hashrate was going to enter the network between, say, March and now.  Estimates, promises from companies, and new vendors popping up every other week make a difference.  BitFury delivering makes a difference.  Avalon screwing folks on chips makes a difference.  Hindsight is great, what I'm hoping for is that people get more educated on BTC, stop wasting money into the pit that is mining, and do something beneficial for the currency.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:21:07
I dunno... BFL has been delivering, albeit slowly.  If behind the scenes they are ramping up production capacity, the perfect reason to do so would be having a large value customer who wants to get hardware quickly.  Money in the bank makes hardware/software production go faster, it's the name of the game.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:31:50
It is a beautiful system but shortsighted in that it has the same pitfalls as current systems - anyone with enough cash can totally disrupt and even destroy it.  Human greed is the X factor that destroys most good things.
@_date: 2013-10-29 18:32:55
Sorry, the sheer number of "coin" alternatives points to the utter bullshit that is the alt-coin market.  
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:23:30
True, but we're hitting a point, likely early next year, where everyone on current gen hardware is only making marginally more than operating costs.  This means that there is no ROI or return on hardware, so the hardware investment is a sunk cost to maintain barely breaking even on utility costs.  
That'll be an interesting tipping point.  You may see whales itching to cash out, leading to a crash because people want to get out before the coin deflates.  You may see marginally better hardware, but pushing past 28nm will require an investment nobody is willing to make on mining with such diminishing returns (You mean my Jupiter is now only making 50% of what it would have made the beginning of October?!).  Of course there will be folks who can continue mining until the diff hits 2-3bil, awesome for them, but we need mass adoption of BTC to move a bit faster than it is now.  'Cause it is gonna hit the fan when the block reward halves again.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:56:20
Not a chance.  Lots of people have poured lots of money into mining over the last 6-9 months.  Those folks will keep their hardware on to attempt to get their investment back, much like there will be folks convinced they can luck out like our lucky nearly-day 1 KNC owner who commented before.  There is often a brief window for profit and/or breaking even, but 90+% of miners will never see it with how toxic mining has become.  The network will even itself out, but we're no longer fooling ourselves that an investment in mining is an investment in BTC.
Support the businesses who support BTC - that is how it wins.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:25:15
Much like mining hardware, solar has an up-front cost that you have to swallow or factor in to overall revenue.  When people are fighting to find a way to earn back 70% of the price hardware they just received (let alone come out ahead on the deal), extra infrastructure costs basically make mining a moot point.
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:48:10
Dude, dude, DUDE!  Spend a few bucks on a usb fan. :)  I'm cringing just looking at that setup as I've done similarly dangerous stuff with hardware.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:09:03
Beautiful. :)
@_date: 2013-10-17 12:04:41
I'll give you the analysis one potential business partner (and long-time friend) gave after I asked him to review pricing, the mining companies, and worst of all bitcointalk.org.  As it turns out we're actually winding down a $17k investment group that revolved around exchanges and mining and instead looking to sponsor innovative startups.  None of our investments for ~2 months now have been in mining.
In a nutshell, the BitCoin "mining community" is toxic.  Most of the traffic and chatter is around mining, most of that conversation involving the scams, delays, broken promises, and otherwise horrible treatment of customers.  There are companies who are working on innovative solutions that involve BitCoin, but they have no relating to mining.  As others have said, the network will fix itself in regards to hashrate/diff/mining, there will always be miners, otherwise there is no BitCoin.
However right now the industry is based on an imploding model.  Everyone is in their "camp" for which mining company they believe in, but nobody wants to accept the simple fact that if you have 10 companies all putting 2PH online in the course of a few months, your investment will be worth exponentially less than when you pay for it.  Look at KNC units, had they shipped October 1st each unit that is now on the network would be making 50% more per day than they are making now.  By December they'll be making probably 10% of what they make now.  By February, probably costs more to run than they generate, so rather than paying the power company you can simply take that money and purchase BTC.  
So as-is, right now the best investment anyone can make is to follow the market and purchase an amount of BTC they are comfortable purchasing.  Then, with BTC, support the businesses who accept BTC so they have validation that the payment model works (and the more BTC they make the more they will enjoy escaping fees from PayPal, CC's, etc.).  Once a few businesses do well with this model, more will adopt.  Nature of the business.  Nobody used PayPal or Square payments in 1990, much like most high school kids these days will likely never need a checkbook.  But things change.  
So if you believe in BTC, support businesses who add it as a payment option.  Contact businesses you frequent and ask when they will adopt BTC, hell, give them info on BitPay and their flat fee model so they can do the math and see how it works for their business.  
But avoid mining unless you have a computer on all the time and some equivalent of an AsicMiner BE USB or other ultra-low powered device that will have no noticeable effect on your power.  
The only users that win are people who get their machines first for the highest prices, and only if the diff increase is along the lines of reasonable.  And if you look at the model for the community, most projects have either folded, crumbled due to vendor delays, or been released over a reasonable price.  This says nothing positive for the mining side of BTC.
@_date: 2013-10-29 23:52:35
Patience.  :)  
And being dangerous doesn't hurt, either.  Purchased a few BTC up in the $224 range before then went to sleep - mistake.  Woke up to it much lower.  So rather than working up the price I worked down.  When it seemed like the price might peak I sell, using the sale amount minus fee to purchase more when the price dropped.  Sometimes get caught in a pickle, I'd say it is more dumb luck than anything.  I guess a good plan is to constantly be working both directions, so either direction you're making a decision on when to sell.  Again, at times I'm sitting on all USD or BTC, but not often.  
@_date: 2013-10-24 11:10:04
Every time a whale cashes out it offers folks the chance to spread out that % of coin a little more evenly.  Yes, a whale can easily buy back in, but every time one dumps a chunk of coin it is better for the group in the long haul.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:29:09
We mined LTC as well for a while, but same story.  Wasn't worth it after a while, especially since LTC serves as nothing more than a pump &amp; dump for BTC and you better hope you trade up when BTC is low.  Once BTC price goes up, LTC bottoms out. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:15:46
Other posters are right, it isn't OpenCL (that would be w/ GPU), it is registered as an icarus via the mining programs.  You won't make much from a block erupter these days, but there is a great setup guide here (pool I mine on):
 
BTW - if you end up choosing that pool, go PPLNS all the way.  PPS fee is high and PPLNS averages out higher in the long run because people loooove the Guild and they are consistently holding ~30% of the network, so lotsa blocks found.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:05:36
I still believe in you though. :)  Not panic selling, holding and hoping. ;)
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:32:26
I wish. :)  Thankfully though, when all is said and done our group made more than we put in, so at the end of the day we're net positive for our involvement with BTC.  Like I mentioned though, a bulk of that was purely through trading.  If you're talking purely BTC-terms, mining since March we have pulled in ~17BTC without any serious hardware investment, whereas we've netted ~25BTC from trading.  Nobody saw this rocket up to and past 200 (or at least not so quickly), so we partially liquidated by doing as the OP says and spending some coin on new businesses that accept it to help them validate their decision.
@_date: 2013-10-25 17:01:11
Dude, you do realize this is still a relatively young company, right?  They communicate, their customer service is top notch, and they provide an excellent and easy to use service with a relatively low fee.  
Back it up, back it up, beep beep.
@_date: 2013-10-06 22:57:36


Again, an argument for buying BitCoin and not mining equipment.  If you buy 1BTC you have 1BTC, if you buy X miner you may make 1BTC as long as electricity doesn't cost too much and difficulty doesn't go up too fast that your machine becomes a coffee cup warmer.  And if you are holding 1BTC and the market goes south, you have a chance to sell.  If you're holding mining equipment a week after it arrived... you sir are effed.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:02:09
No way, the culture on reddit is in no way toxic enough to effectively destroy 90% of the decent conversational topics that are put forth.  No way.
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:18:14
So only people who already have BTC are eligible?  So it's like a members-only club now?  
Seriously, there is basically no BTC-only economy right now.  At every turn there is a comparison or need for fiat currency because...
- Hardware costs $
- Labor costs $
- Employees require $ for their paychecks
And right now... BTC costs $!  So the price of 1BTC/3BTC is actually $200USD/$600USD because that is the current value of BTC.
I support Bitcoin, but I'm also realistic that right now there isn't enough adoption to justify a BTC-only pricing model for anything because you can't source from concept through factory through delivery with BTC, so fiat currency is a very real factor to consider.  Not to mention BTC could possibly rocket up to $400 overnight, so that means these would cost someone $400/$1200 at the current price.  
@_date: 2013-10-28 13:45:23
The other thing to consider is that CoinBase is picking up in volume, so yes, you will see more occasional "internet folk" who opt to rant on social media before the company has had time to properly deal with the issue.  Yes, CB messed up, but everyone I know who uses them is far more satisfied with their service than any of the other providers.  I guess every time we have a positive experience we should flood Reddit with our kudos to give balance?
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:56:37
They aren't joking, either.  Recently there has been a significant uptake in China, due in no small part to the expansion of domestic exchanges offering low or no fees for trading and significantly lowering the bar for entry, making it a very hot market.  And when there is demand...
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:36:15
Assuming it can get that high.  Consider that with every spike up there are people sitting and holding BTC that are itching to sell before someone else does.  Same as any commodity market, it's a question of who pulls the itchy trigger finger first.  
Running parallel to that, there need to be people who believe BTC will be worth that much insomuch that they are willing to spend that much fiat currency on an exchange to purchase BTC.  If you are selling for $500 it is because someone else is willing to pay $500.  If we see more bubble'ish increases and dumps people will be a lot more timid about spending $750 on a single BTC because it "may" hit $1000, since there is an equal chance it will $500 because people are afraid they'll be the last to cash out.
Tricky market, but not one that should be judged purely on USD/other fiat value alone.  If the economy and ecosystem grows enough there won't be a need for comparison and BTC will be valued by what services take it and what they charge for services in BTC.
@_date: 2013-10-06 16:29:10
Native Chinese, studied in US, now back in mainland.  
@_date: 2013-10-17 12:16:11
Yes, you will.  Look at the delivery date, check out the calculator at genesisblock, look at how recent diff increases have basically screwed all previous ROI estimates.  Right now all equipment makes 50% less than it did October 1st.  Look at BTCGuild, right after the last diff increase almost 100TH, *100TH*, was added to the pool.  And that's just one pool.  
"Eventually" the miner will pay for itself is not valid, considering you're paying base price + power per month as real, physical fiat expenses with no assurance that you will earn base+power back.  
Seriously, if you aren't already mining, investing in anything before early 2014 is pointless.  Let the people who have invested blow themselves out of the water as the diff increases eventually level off to a degree.  We're at a natural technology wall with chip sizes, nobody can go below 28nm because the price is prohibitive.  
Otherwise, here's an example for you.  While my group has basically run down our mining efforts, our group hashrate on BTCGuild is right around 8GH.  After last diff increase, 24/h earnings are around .014BTC/day.  That's like $2.  I also maintain $1500 on Gox for trading.  In two trades today I made .189BTC total, or around $28.  The difference is that mining cost us money, the $28 trading profit is after fees, etc.  Yes, trading is higher risk, but if you are modest in your investment you can easily make more than mining *and* can withdraw your money at any time, even during a crash.  If you have mining equipment, you can watch a crash while warming your hands on a mining unit.
@_date: 2013-10-08 11:49:54
Yeah, but it means they understand the market enough to be getting in with advertisers.  We're cheap targets, but it shows they are trying to hit a broader market.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:17:11
Choosing not to support a nonsense offshoot cryptocurrencies and rather putting my support behind the legitimate effort - not arrogance.  If people want to dabble in that and make a few bucks good for 'em.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:25:53
There are a few sites out there, but what BTC needs is for established businesses (like Reddit :D) to pick up the reigns, hook up with a payment provider, and accept the currency.  Less risk than credit cards, less crap than banks, and if you use a payment provider you don't actually have to "get" Bitcoin to allow folks who have it to shop on your site.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:29:53
Right now we're converting our monthly electricity bill to direct BTC purchase.  That way we're sinking the same amount, but getting something for it. ;)
As far as future plans, tough to say.  Everything is slow and measured when it comes to putting more cash into this.  It's like being at Las Vegas - we're ahead right now and want to remain there.  Sinking money into hardware that won't pay itself off is like shooting yourself in the foot to fit into a smaller shoe - someone else is banking on your determination to squeeze water from a stone.  
That said, the rise up to and over $200USD was unexpected and we are sitting on approx $2000 that is ready to purchase BTC at a moment's notice in case of a crash.  The currency (hopefully) has a long and prosperous future, but mining is a sinkhole and best left for the folks who are okay with marginal returns and handing over cash rather than controlling their own.
@_date: 2013-10-07 11:20:45
Okay then, logic me this. :D
You're either betting on...
1) Buying BTC and holding it, assuming all ownership and risk instantly with the ability to sell your BTC at any point.  If BTC goes up you can sell and profit, if it goes down you can sell before losing too much (or try your luck at trading).  In this case, someone like Coinbase has made a few dollars off of you.
2) Buying mining hardware, assuming ownership when vendor ships, starting you at a huge net negative that you are hoping to earn back.  So in this case, Asic Vendor Y has made $XXX off of you (hundreds, thousands, who knows) and has that cash no matter what, but you are relying on their hardware not failing and a host of other factors to *make your money back*.
Scenario  you only lose the fees for buying BTC,  you're climbing a mountain and hoping there is no avalanche, that the vendor ships, that diff doesn't climb too much, etc.
@_date: 2013-10-06 18:15:39
Because if that is the attitude then just buy bitcoins and sit on them.  Don't perpetuate a mining industry that is eating itself alive.  The only people making money are the mining vendors, everyone else is fooling themselves.  I stopped mining over a month ago, and with the 7GH I had remaining (down from 50+ GH that was taken down due to power consumption) I was pulling in a pittance.  I feel bad for folks buying things like AM sticks on eBay/Amazon, those folks will *never* see their money back.
Right now I stick to strictly trading on Gox.  It's a pain to get USD out of, but it is easy to get BTC out.  Largest prices are on there so the most volatile swings are also seen, meaning on a good trading day I can take the 5 BTC I've capped the trading account at and make 2-3x more than mining with that 7GH I took down.  Zero power use, just keep Gox and ClarkMoody up in a browser window and take a chance when it looks good.  With the dive when Silk Road went down I made roughly $350 from four transactions, now I can move that back to BTC, send it to Coinbase (who prices closer to BitStamp, so if Gox is $136 I may get $122 per BTC), and withdraw to my bank account.  Zero power consumption, all profit.  Yes it relies on making good decisions on the market, but I don't automatically start out negative like with mining.
@_date: 2013-10-16 15:00:47
"One of the few".  Sadly most people don't realize they got right ef'fed in buying mining equipment as the entire mining industry is on a race to the bottom.  Nobody is really winning this, from an outside perspective it makes "Bitcoiners" who mine look like complete morons.