@_author: ecinquiry
@_date: 2015-12-22 18:00:19
Miners write the ledger that users rely on for consensus. Miners are the ultimate source of truth on the blockchain. I've actually done something similar to what you're saying before, in altcoins. When Nosker did a hardfork to rollback VRC to "fix" the Mintpal hack and millions of stolen VRC (quite literally going back in time on the blockchain and erasing the event) - all the miners and users supported his wishes and followed the hardfork - I went against the grain. I was a major holder and I still talked so much shit about that move, told them VRC should crater and fail immediately because it's an untrustworthy network - all while holding VRC. Here's what ended up happening: I stuck to my ideals, felt good about myself, and lost the argument. 99% of users holding VRC wanted the rollback because to do the "right" thing and live with the consequences of trusting exchanges, would mean to lose a lot more money than if a rollback happened. I was ready to lose money to uphold the "right thing", I found maybe 2 other people who felt similarly.
Of course this is a much smaller example but it points to the fact that doing "the right thing" matters zero, people will do the *profitable* thing. If 90% of the hashrate goes one way, and you follow the 10%, you'll hold onto your ideals, feel good about yourself, and lose the argument. The 90% is what people will look at as a better chance to maintain and grow their BTC value, so that's where users will go, guaranteed. So hey man, I'm all for the impetus behind your belief of how it should work, I really do sympathize and agree in many respects - but unfortunately ideals will never trump profit motive when it comes to large, nebulous and mostly anonymous groups of human beings.
@_date: 2015-12-22 04:00:46


Yes, they will be on an altcoin with the biggest distributed computational network humanity has ever constructed, which will become the defacto replacement of Bitcoin and will continue to be called Bitcoin, even if you don't agree. The reality is that if holders don't follow the miners, they now have altcoins. Or, by your apparent preference in nomenclature, the holders will have original Bitcoins that *massively* drop in value and security, and everyone else will be on the altcoin with the largest network in the world and continued growth.
I'll go with the miners, and so will you.