@_author: ecirg
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:05:53
data collection that is both qualitative (observation) and quantitative (ex:questionairre)
Human Geography
concentrates on patterns of human activity and on their relationships with the environment.
The trend toward increased cultural and economic connectedness between people, businesses, and organizations throughout the world.
Physical Geography
concerned with the locations of such earth features as land, water, and climate; their relationship to one another and to human activities; and the forces that create and change them
pertaining to space on the Earth's surface; sometimes used as a synonym for geographic.
Spatial Distribution
physical location of geographic phenomena across space
a customary way of operation or behavior
Medical Geography
the study of health and disease within a geographic context and from a geographical perspective. Among other things, medical geography looks at sources, diffusion routes, and distributions of diseases.
an epidemic that is geographically widespread
a widespread outbreak of an infectious disease
Spatial Perspective
An intellectual framework that looks at the locations of specific phenomena, how and why that phenomena is , and, finally, how it is spatially related to phenomena in other place
Five Themes of Geography
Location, Place, Regions, Movement, Human-Environment Interaction
The position of anything on Earth's surface.
Location Theory
a logical attempt to explain the locational pattern of economic activities &amp; the manner in which its producing areas are interrelated
Human-Environment Interaction
the study of the interrelationship between people and their physical environment
a large indefinite location on the surface of the Earth
proper or appropriate position or location
Sense of Place
state of mind derived through the infusion of a place with meaning and emotion by remembering important events that occurred in that place or by labeling a place with a certain character.
Perception of Place
Belief or "understanding" about a place developed through books, movies, stories or pictures.
the act of changing the location of something
Spatial Interaction
the movement of people, goods and ideas within and across geographic space
size of the gap between two places
the relative ease with which a destination may be reached from some other place
the degree of direct linkage between one particular location and other locations in a transport network
the human and physical features that make a place unique
Cultural Landscape
The visible imprint of human activity and culture on the landscape
Sequent Occupance
the notion that successive societies leave their cultural imprints on a place, each contributing to the cumulative cultural landscape
the making of maps and charts
Reference Maps
maps that show the absolute location of places and geographic features determined by a frame of reference, typically latitude and longitude
Thematic Maps
Maps that tell stories, typically showing the degree of some attribute of the movement of a geographic phenomenon.
Absolute Location
exact location of a place on the earth described by global coordinates
Global Positioning System (GPS)
a system that determines the precise position of something on earth through a series of satellites, tracking stations, and recievers
A hunt for a cache, the GPS coordinates which are placed on the Internet by other geocachers
Relative Location
the regional position or situation of a place relative to the position of other places
Mental Map
An internal representation of a portion of Earth's surface based on what an individual knows about a place, containing personal impressions of what is in a place and where places are located.
Activity Space
the space within which daily activity occurs
Generalized Map
"When mapping data, whether human or physical geographers, cartographers, the geographers who make maps, generalize the information the present on maps." (de Blij, Murphey, Fouberg, ph 16)
Remote Sensing
The acquisition of data about Earth's surface from a satellite orbiting the planet or other long-distance methods.
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
computer tools for processing and organizing details and satellite images with other pieces of information
establish on a new scale
Formal Region
An area within which everyone shares in common one or more distinctive characteristics.
Functional Region
A region defined by the particular set of activities or interactions that occur within it
Perceptual Region
a region defined by popular feelings and images rather than by objective data
the attitudes and behavior that are characteristic of a particular social group or organization
Culture Trait
an activity or behavior in which people often take part
Culture Complex
A related set of culture traits descriptive of one aspect of a society's behavior or activity (may be assoc. with religious beliefs or business practices).
Cultural Hearth
A center where cultures developed and from which ideas and traditions spread outward.
Independent Invention
The term for a trait with many cultural hearths that developed independent of each other
Cultural Diffusion
the spread of cultural elements from one society to another
Time-distance Decay
The declining degree of acceptance of an idea or innovation with increasing time and distance from its point of origin or source.
Cultural Barrier
Prevailing cultural attitude rendering certain innovations, ideas or practices unacceptable or unadoptable in that particular culture.
Expansion Diffusion
The spread of a feature or trend among people from one area to another in a snowballing process.
Contagious Diffusion
The rapid, widespread diffusion of a feature or trend throughout a population.
Hierarchical Diffusion
The spread of an idea from persons or nodes of authority or power to other persons or places
Stimulus Diffusion
The spread of an underlying principle, even though a specific characteristic is rejected.
Relocation Diffusion
The spread of a feature or trend through bodily movement of people from one place to another.
Geographic Concept
Ways of seeing the world spatially that are used by geographers in answering research questions.
Environmental Determinism
the view that the natural environment has a controlling influence over various aspects of human life including cultural development
The theory that the physical may set limits on human actions, but people have the ability to adjust to the physical environment and choose a course of action from many alternatives.
Cultural Ecology
Geographic approach that emphasizes human-environment relationships.
Political Ecology
An approach to studying nature-society relations that is concerned with the ways in which environmental issues both reflect, and are the result of, the political and socioeconomic contexts in which they are situated.
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:57:02
BbbdjdhkhdkyEjgdtjdugdgjdgjdgejejgtjdngdjgdjgdyjdutsutsutstuditzjgdtitjdyidgjdjgdyisutsufttdjtdutdtuditdjydjgdjydyidyjdjydyixtudjgdjdjsgxjgxgjxgjdgjdjdiyiyeeiydyjjfnvnvnjjvgjetjethsjttgdjydgjdmydiydgjdjgdvndgnsgjxgjxykhxmxhixjgdkfmhcmbxv bxmbchochxkh khxmhxkhbxmdnhxixiydgjsyidykdiyyzjngxjgdzjyztigjdzyjtjszhfhststufhsusthfzxhffsuzfhzhtrsurhszrhzrhsrhutejtetietjdyjdiyeiyjtdfsuutdutsudtutsdtudtudtutdudutudtustutdsyrusteututsuteryseutryeetueuttsytduhtsstudjyjydryjriydyjjdyjyrfyjryjtjddjt