@_author: ecoinocity
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:09:33
I am getting the daily returns they advertise and I have cashed out and gotten my money also. I do not do it daily but would if I had a bigger stake in this thing. Hope they stick around for a long time. They are suppose to be at Bitcoin Expo in Toronto in April. If anybody can add more info on their experience here it would be good for us all.
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:16:32
This map is pretty complete 
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:14:41
Try 
@_date: 2014-02-22 00:44:57
I would like to see more actual information posted here about the returns achieved vs what the website says. It would be good to hear about how successful you have been getting your funds out. My experience with their web chat support so far has been excellent. My check of their whois.com info, founders, etc seems to match up. Ireland seems to have stiff penalties for Ponzi schemes for example vs countries like Panama.
 
@_date: 2014-03-27 04:14:30
The "simple instructions" are here  And they are as follows:
1. Get a  account first if you do not have one.
2. Create a file called webfinger.js in your Dropbox Public folder with this:
Note: make sure to replace email and bitcoin address in the below example with your email and bitcoin addres.
  "subject": "acct:email
  "links":[
    { "rel": "bitcoin",
      "href": "bitcoin:19xeDDxhahx4f32WtBbPwFMWBq28rrYVoh"
    }]
Note: If you don't know how to do this then just copy above code into notepad and save file as webfinger.js and then save it in your public (create that folder in dropbox) folder under that name webfinger.js
3. Send an email from your Gmail account to fist with this content:
webfist = 
Note: Make sure the link it is a  formatted link. This is in a non html format. I could not figure out how to make a non html formatted link in dropbox but the developer helped me out and told me how to reformat the link. Just replace the  with 
4. Check  with your Gmail address and see if you can get a positive response. I had no idea what a positive response was but it it looks like this in your browser:
{"subject":"youremailname some digits out her)emo/webfinger.js","properties":{" some digits out here just to be safe)cb0fef9302f0-4ab0feee185770cee20b1ca49a6cc047ecf16906?decrypt=youremailname%40gmail.com"}}]}
Note: do enter your email like this acct:youremailname if you forget the acct: part it will not work.
5. Go here  and type in youremailname  Do not use acct:youremailname Right now search box has acct:user which makes you think you need to put acct: before your email but that does not work. I suspect this will be probably be fixed by tomorrow. Either the acct: part will work or the acct:user will say user I have already reported this to the developer.
Oh almost forgot. It works great! Kapow. Now a wallet I use a lot is linked to my email address. I would put it here and ask you to give it a try but I know it would get spammed to death.
I did transfer some bitcoin from one wallet to another using my email address instead of my bitcoin public address. I checked around on the web and have not found any like this for free.
Now if I want I can just say to people if they want to send me bitcoin they send to ______
And I am not tied into any specific wallet like coinbase, blockchain, etc.. I can use any wallet I want. Even one I create offline (cold storage bitcoin wallet).
@_date: 2014-03-25 00:28:31
Bitcoin has so much promise, great minds and opportunity. Being able to transfer this into real world results or benefits is not always easy. Such is the situation for 37coins. Let me explain. With 37coins sending and receiving bitcoin via SMS (text messaging) without using; a browser, creating a wallet online, or a smart phone is doable and ideal for users in countries like India, China or Philippines where many users have cell phones (not smart phones) and no internet access. These users also send and receive money from relatives/friends in various parts of the world. The fees to do this kind of money transferring or remittance is 10-15%, so with this network of texting gateways from 37coins for sending and receiving bitcoin via text (SMS) many users could now send and receive bitcoin with their not smart cell phones and save substantially. Fees to send bitcoin over the 37coins network varies from 5 cents to 80 cents.
Setting up a  gateway is doable. I set one up (disclaimer). So the opportunity to do something for the bitcoin ecosystems is open to you. You are probably reading this on a browser but the irony of the situation is that those who need this capability the most are the least likely to hear about it online because they are not online. They have no internet access.
So, how do you inform hundreds of millions of people about a technology (sending bitcoin via text message)
that could really help them save money when their ability to get info on this service is via word of mouth or text message?
As a new gateway owner in this 37coins network I am very curious to see comments and feedback.