@_author: ecoinproject
@_date: 2016-11-13 00:47:42
We invite you to take a look at the project proposal at  to see why we are accepting Bitcoin (and over 40 different cryptos).  Bitcoin (and all cryptos) have some fundamental weaknesses.  We need a new crypto that fixes these problems.  That's what we are working on.
@_date: 2016-11-13 03:10:27
If you think that Bitcoin has absolutely nothing wrong with it, we ask you too take a serious look again.  One of the biggest problems is that it is highly volatile.  Think of all the people that stay away from crypto because of this.  Yes, the network effect does exist (as well as the "first-to-market/first mover advantage").  However, innovation must occur if we want the dream of Bitcoin - a monetary system that is decentralized and free from fiat and the banking system - to occur. (Which we argue it is not, please see website and paper).  Bitcoin is amazing, but we must think beyond *just bitcoin* if we want to have the "Bitcoin Revolution" ever come about some day.  (BTW, whatever coin that is, it won't be BTC, at least not in its current form)  
@_date: 2016-11-12 21:13:20
It comes down to an elastic supply model, based upon a peg to the price of 1 kWh using an internal exchange market and decentralized price feeds.  It's somewhat complicated . . . all we can ask is that you read the paper.
@_date: 2016-11-15 06:39:44
Natural economies of scale means that POW leads to centralization, where an increasingly smaller number of miners control the system instead of the stakeholders (those who hold the coin).  PoS provides decentralized consensus while enabling the stakeholders to have control over the system.
@_date: 2016-11-12 21:40:32
The short of it:  with eCoin pegged to the price of electricity, then as the price of electricity goes up with inflation, eCoin will maintain its purchasing power over time, while fiat loses its purchasing power.  The peg is to the going price of 1 kWh of electricity (which, yes, is dominated in U.S. dollar terms), but this is where any relation to fiat ends.  Take a look at Section 6.2. Achieving Price Stability within the eCoin System (maybe this will help answer the question).  Please keep any others coming.
@_date: 2016-11-14 22:53:45
We chose the eCoin name, long before Mr. Robot.
Pretty sad to say (goes to show how pop culture illiterate we are), but no one with the eCoin Project watches Mr. Robot.  We didn't find out about the name similarity until after announcing on reddit last friday. 
From looking into it, the Mr. Robot episode aired about two months ago:  
Before we chose the name eCoin, we definitely did a name search, all that was found was the Wirex, formally known as E-Coin (a name that they abandoned with their rebranding).
If want, you can check the Secretary of State's website for State of Colorado, and you will see that we registered on the 4th of July 2016 (months before the Mr. Robot episode you refer to).
The name similarity is nothing more than a very, weird irony.  Apparently we are not the only one's who thought that eCoin would be a good name.
@_date: 2016-11-14 22:49:09
eCoin System will be 100% POS.  eShares will be distributed to those who contribute to the project.  No "premine".   eShares holders (the true stakeholders) control the system, not devs or miners.  eCoin will be private, while eShares will not.  You can find out more specifics in the project proposal paper, found at   We are still very much in the early stages and are momentarily updating the paper and website.  More info will be forthcoming.
@_date: 2016-11-13 04:11:03
Guess you're right, you do imply that you think bitcoin can be fixed.  We are of a different opinion.  The lack of proper governance is one of the other issues with Bitcoin and other cryptos.  Essentially, it's this - dev control + miner control = no stakeholder control.  Structurally, it would be near impossible for bitcoin to change its governance model (it's inherent to POW and how it's built).  We want to build a democratic governance structure where those who hold the coin can vote in the system and they determine how it operates.