@_author: economictrogdolyte
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:49:11
If you're interested in why, exactly, the financial crisis was not predicted, you may want to take a look at [The Dahlem Report]( which outlines a few key explanations as to why academic economists dropped the ball so thoroughly on 2008. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:33:11
What the fuck
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:42:15
Notably, Joseph Stiglitz [does not claim this](  
What you're referring to is that in most introductory economics courses, students are taught that the minimum wage acts as a price floor. I actually am of the opinion that this tends to be poorly taught in most introductory courses and I usually try to highlight the model's key assumption (which are very strong assumptions) - i.e, that cost of finding labour is zero, that the labour market is perfectly competitive, and that the cost of providing labour is below the minimum wage. In the case of Seattle, I would wager that the real world violates the latter assumption.  
Actual work in mainstream economics has found that the impacts of the minimum wage tend to be greatly overstated. [Here's a foundational paper by Card and Kreuger]( (both mainstream economists) that shows this with real world data. In general, data seems to indicate that increases in the minimum wage may cause firms to hire less workers than they would have intended to, had the minimum wage not gone up. Of course, this should be unsurprising - there exists a theoretical minimum wage at which firms would no longer hire, and would likely begin to lay off workers (particularly low-skill workers). I would argue, as Stiglitz and many others have, that this point is far higher than the minimum wage is now and due to increases in the cost of living (see: my above point on model assumptions), a minimum wage increase is justified. 
I'm sorry but it really doesn't sound like you have a grasp on what the field of economics is like in reality. Generally speaking, we try not to make statements in absolute. Seattle "proves" nothing aside from that under certain conditions, other effects may dominate the basic price-floor model. Figuring out what these conditions are (i.e., monopoly or monopsony control over the labour market, distortions in signals, high costs of living, etc.) and how to incorporate these into our models is precisely the job of economists.  
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:30:52
This actually made me pretty happy to read. I'm going to put on my business cards "threat to a healthy free market." Thanks mate.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:08:57
The Nobel Prize in Economics is not awarded by a Central Bank, it is awarded by the Royal Academy of Sciences. Did you even read the link? It was established by a bank, yes. You honestly have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:28:37
Yes. He's regularly cited as one of the key figures pre-2008 highlighting structural issues in the American economy that brought about the crash and was issuing [warnings]( in [2006](
This is also talked about at length in his novel Globalization and its Discontents, although the 2008 crash is not specifically forecasted, he discusses the issues with global capital controls and hot finance and the inevitability that it will return to America.  
Feel free to also take a look at [the Bezemer 12]( which goes into detail as to why the financial crisis was difficult to predict.  
I'm also curious as to what, specifically, with regards to Joseph Stiglitz economics makes it not "translatable" to the real world? After all, Stiglitz' chief contribution is markets with incomplete information, signal theory, and of course his later work on inequality and globalization. Could you give me an example of his economic failings? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:46:39
I'm well aware of what survivorship bias is, thank you. All I'm pointing out is that Stiglitz did, in fact (contrary to the claim above), predict some sort of correction in housing markets and has long been a prominent voice highlighting structural problems in the American and global economy. Some others did as well, notably the Bezemer 12. I believe Krugman wrote an op-ed where he called out the housing crisis at some point in 2006 as well if I'm not mistaken. Calm down. Nowhere did I say Stiglitz was "the greatest economist of all time" and in fact I don't think predicting the financial crisis is a terribly good metric at all for being a good economist. I'll let Stiglitz' own work in information markets and his Nobel speak to that.   
Now instead of ranting about Stiglitz and how his contributions are a waste of paper, perhaps you'd like to highlight some of the key areas you think he has shortcomings as an economist? Something specific, please. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:29:42
Economic theory is of course built on observation, trial, and error, what are you talking about? Econometrics is a foundational course in any economics graduate program, and is being taught at an undergraduate level in increasing complexity. My own research on the economics of conflict is rooted entirely in real-world data. Of course economics suffers as a field in the sense that real-world proper experiments are either impossible, unethical, or simply too costly. As a result, various statistical methods are employed.  
You are correct, of course, that funding matters in universities, (and this happens in all fields) but indeed, economics has produced a variety of unconventional thinkers and the Nobel has reflected that in recent years. Thaler's award, from this year, was met with tons of criticism and acclaim for his divisive work in behavioral economics. Take a look at the Nobel recipients, Angus Deaton, Oliver Hart, Joseph Stiglitz, to name a few.  
Surveying some of the major institutions, MIT, for example, you'll find people like Dr. Acemoglou and Dr. Angeletos, known for harsh criticisms of elite rule and the liberal order. Dr. Nunn, who teaches at Harvard, did amazing work on agricultural policy and civil conflict worldwide, hardly a shill for big business. Stiglitz teaches at Columbia.  Pikketty is the associate chair of the Paris School. Need I go on? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:41:28
[This is incorrect](
The nobel prize in economics is awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded by [The Norwegian Nobel Committee]( who are appointed by the Norwegian Parliament. Both are highly different bodies, and indeed the nobel in Economics was not originally considered by Alfred Nobel to begin with. Once again, you have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:08:03
50 years to discover what, precisely? That minimum wage laws can be beneficial in certain respects and detrimental in others? I'm sorry, but economics is meant to be a framework for analysis about economic policy and the market. There are very few hard and fast rules, and no one-size-fits all policy approaches. It seems like you took an introductory economics course, decided the assumptions were too much, and bailed out. :/