@_author: ecstaticcriticism
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:40:37
Likeiwse, you don't make your claim seem very rigid either. On one hand, you seem to be an experienced trader or have at least an investment in one or more cryptocurrencies. You are conceptually and factually aware of the important differences between fiat currency (as well as traditional banks and how transfers work) and crypto.  The educated people in the community support this - because it's actually a great idea and I think all exchanges should participate as a show of trust.
The reality is that, especially with Bitcoin in my experience, on the other hand, the majority of users are 'mom and dad' investors who don't understand when you tell them a transaction is irreversible, because "the bank can reverse a transaction, why can't you?" 
Those people don't care about good practice, because they're not educated enough about Bitcoin to understand why it's important. These are the same people who get annoyed at having to type in an MFA code. They care about hsving their money, getting refunds for their mistakes "because the banks do it", making profit and pretty much nothing else. It's a get rich quick scheme to them, not a long term world changing tech. 
I hope I've finally made sense. :D
TLDR:  while it's an awesome idea I definitely support, I know plenty of places where this will cause months of headaches and complaints because of silly people. 
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:11:01
Yeah - there are definitely better options like what you've suggested. 
@_date: 2019-02-05 13:03:23
I work in the crypto space and can guarantee you that no customer would allow their balance, even anonymously, to be published. Interesting idea though! 
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:02:21
Yeah - like I've said. I'm not against it, it's a good idea. Uneducated customers will definitely be against it though. They'd lodge all sorts of privacy and GDPR complaints. All absurd of course.
Mind you those are the kind of customers who wouldn't even know how to check against insolvency, or even worry about it.
@_date: 2019-02-05 13:15:03
Well education is one thing. Experience is another. Customers will leave exchanges and wallet providers over something like that. There has to be a better way.
Edit: I totally agree there should be more transparency and I see no harm in an anonymised list. Just that customers will never understand it's anonymised and will have unwarranted concerns haha.