@_author: ecsys
@_date: 2014-12-24 15:38:30
This is why a cpu only coin is essential and will eventually emerge when someone can figure out how to effectively implement one.  Having the ability to convert electricity (aka fiat) to crypto currency, at a near break even point, is critical to true anonymity.  That is the only logical way to make the fiat to crypto conversion anonymous.
The trick is in designing a coin that is ASIC resistant and unfortunately, we have not seen one yet that can remain cpu only long term.
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:26:24
Are you suggesting bringing the founder of Visa on board makes Xapo more shady?
Besides the fact that the dude hasn't been involved in banking since he left Visa of his own accord three decades ago, Perhaps you should read up on Dee Hock (the founder of Visa) before making such ignorant statements.  The guy is one of the forefront thinkers on decentralized organisations.  He was talking about this type of stuff decades ago, and if you look at the structure of how Visa was created, you'd see it mirrors a lot of what bitcoin represents.
He coined the term "chaorid" to explain his theories on chaos and order working together.  The ironic fact is, if you look at bitcoin and the idea of nodes competing against one another (chaos if you will) and yet on a larger scale forming order through this competition, you find that bitcoin is itself chaordic in nature.  Bitcoin mirrors many of the same philosophies the original organisational structure of Visa held.
The fact that Dee Hock is interested in bitcoin is no surprise.  If he were a cryptogropher, it is exactly the type of thing he would have invented himself.
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:09:30
If you're making it cost so much that people can't afford it you're doing it wrong.
.01 BTC is not a micropayment, that's over 2 bucks per vote.  Of course a system like that wouldn't work, it's ridiculous!
This idea only works if you make the cost of regularly voting negligable to the individual, but useful when added up thousands of times.  Lets just say 50 microbitcoins per vote (that's 1/20,000 of a bitcoin or a little over a penny at current market prices).
Now, you can vote 100 times for just a dollar.  But a post that gets 2,000 upvotes would make around $23.  This gives the people a voice and contributors an incentive, but doesn't have a significant negative impact on any specific individual.
The payment would need to be small enough that it doesn't hinder voting, but large enough that it in large numbers it becomes useful.  The key is finding that balance.
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:15:15
Glad you looked into it further.  Kudos!
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:41:08
There was a coordinated LTC pump going on in China (whales taking advantage of the instability in the real market right now).  See  for some speculation on it.
Whoever was pushing the LTC market just moved out of a big position (and I'm sure a lot of people who rode up the last few weeks also used it as an opportunity to profit).  I'd wager the majority of that money flowed back into BTC (LTC to BTC and vice versa is the main way LTC is bought/sold).
Someone(s) just more than doubled their BTC position without spending a single extra dollar in fiat by running up the LTC market.
@_date: 2015-04-15 16:17:22
Yes, this is the type of stuff that makes bitcoin significant!
People keep complaining about wanting companies to accept bitcoin, as if that will somehow make bitcoin useful.  But it wont.  We don't need a new payment method for an old system.  Outside of reducing remittance, which is a non factor for 99% of us, bitcoin doesn't really offer any advantage to traditional payment systems, and that is perfectly fine!
Bitcoin is significant because it has the potential to do things like this.  It has the potential to "monetize" our most valuable asset, our attention.
Content creators have historically gotten the short end of the stick because they have always required a middle man to reach the end user.  The distributor (that middle man) always had all the power.  Over time that has slowly begun to erode with the rise of the internet, but it is still there.  Things like youtube have drastically changed the landscape, but empowering the content creators and properly rewarding them is still an ongoing battle.
Today more people can reach each other and communicate freely then ever before.  Just look at youtube and twitch and even sites like reddit.  Here we see the paradigm shifting.  But it is just the beginning.
Attention is our most valuable asset.  Attention in terms of time, bandwidth, etc.  These are our valuable resources.  Our attention is what ever company, every other individual, is competing for.  We have a finite amount, and everyone wants it.  These are what bitcoin will enable us to properly monetize.  Bitcoin's power is not in large transactions, it is in the miniscule, the almost worthless.  It is in amounts so small that they are meaningless to any individual, but when added up, become a force.  Like that plan in Office Space where they steal fractions of a penny per transaction, each small enough to be unnoticed, but when combined, add up to a whole hell of a lot.
In mass, our attention is valuable.  Consider our lives.  We all have a finite amount of time here on this earth, but in any given moment we do not treasure the rarity of it, the preciousness of our time.  It is our most valuable asset, but we regularly give it away without a second though.
Bitcoin can work the same way.  In small enough amounts, we would be willing to part ways with it with minimal consideration.  But when added up over enough time, or enough people, it can be substantial.
Consider a streaming service where each second costs a satoshi.  You watch an hour and it costs 3,600 satoshi, or .0036 bitcoins.  An insignificant amount (if a bitcoin was $1,000 that would = $3.60).  But when 1,000 people watch it, suddenly that's 3.6 bitcoins worth.
Or how about a site like Reddit where instead of meaningless upvotes and downvotes and karma, people voiced their opinion by voting with satoshis.  A site where an upvote wasn't just a meaningless number, it costs some some (lets just say 50 satoshis, which would be equal to about a penny if bitcoins costs $1,000).  Again, not enough to be of any concern to a single individual.  But now, when a post gets 4,000 upvotes, that would be valuable to the content creator as it would be worth 200,000 satoshi (or .2 bitcoins).
This is the paradigm shifting potential of bitcoin.  It has the potential to empower viewers to voice their opinion with their time/attention/votes/etc, while properly rewarding content creators for delivering worthy content.
@_date: 2017-05-05 17:13:14
It only requires a buy of BTC. The sell isn't a BTC to USD transaction. It is BTC to alt (and its not even really a sell, its an alt buy).
The seller of the altcoin gets BTC, but that doesn't automatically then put that BTC on the market to sell for USD.
So there's lots of buy pressure to get USD into altcoins (USD -&gt; BTC -&gt; alt) , but not nearly as much sell pressure to get altcoins into USD (alt -&gt; BTC -&gt; USD). During a pumping market that 2nd stage is stopping at alt to BTC before flowing back into another altcoin (so it goes alt -&gt; BTC -&gt; different alt).