@_author: ectjohn
@_date: 2013-07-22 00:02:36
Private messages allowed for "Amber" to submit requested info.  She did not and chose instead to post here.  This is not the whole story.  You have the right to choose to use our service or not, but basing your decision on incomplete information doesn't serve you weill.  As stated elsewhere, "Amber's" information is not correct, was edited and and as it turns out is bogus.  Those are the facts thus far.
@_date: 2013-07-23 02:04:05
 sells bitcoins by credit card, simple, easy, fast and safe...
@_date: 2013-06-23 06:21:22
This is why we started  and are helping people everywhere to join in the bitcoin game...  Check it out!
@_date: 2013-07-21 23:52:23
Not familiar with what marketing school Josh attended.  We have fulfilled 100% of orders that meet our stated requirements as agreed.  We have also fulfilled some that are fraudulent at our expense.  We are building a reputable business and will fulfill all orders that meet our stated requirements.
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:04:55
We are interested in knowing who else wants fast reliable service with a very simple anonymous interface.  We also would like to know what other sites are reputable and pay winning wagers timely.  Lastly, what events are users most interested in?  What wagers on those events?
@_date: 2013-07-21 23:47:52
We have contacted MasterCard who has informed us that the credit card provided by "Amber" was issued from a bank in Mexico despite "Amber" providing a US address.  When the bank is open, we will contact the bank to determine if the card has been reported lost or stolen.
@_date: 2013-07-20 20:28:11
Thanks "Amber" for bringing this to the Reddit community forum.  Anyone interested in understanding why we won't blindly trust someone that sends us a bogus photoshopped ID, I will be delighted to discuss online or offline.  We are a very reputable business and have delivered 100% of everything promised, ALWAYS!!!  We have been ripped off by people impersonating others and using stolen credit cards.  "Amber", as stated in our direct emails, I will gladly accept an original photo (unmodified) of your ID and will gladly conduct business if you are willing to demonstrate you actual identity and honorable intentions.   was setup to help grow the Bitcoin community as we have personally experienced how difficult it is to obtain Bitcoins, especially by credit card.  We are very interested in helping others to join the Bitcoin community as we believe Bitcoin is an awesome way for people to enjoy freedom from overreaching big government and oppression, globally.  In order to do this, ironically, eCurrencyTrader itself has had to comply with (and is compliant) federal and state regulations regarding money transmission and services businesses.  We do not store credit card information (that is handled by our credit card transaction processor) and we are compliant with good practices for handling customer credit card data too.  
"Amber", I am not clear why you would be so protective of a stolen credit card anyway?
@_date: 2013-07-22 00:21:27
We have many very satisfied customers who don't feel we are rude and we never intend to be rude to anyone, it would serve no purpose for anyone.  MasterCard has only provided the bank name as stated.  When they are open we will contact them as stated.  In the meantime, I have extended an invitiation in our private messages for you to provide the needed information and I will gladly set the record straight if we are in error.
@_date: 2013-12-29 13:53:43
After making numerous winning wagers that were never paid using existing Bitcoin sports books, we decided to start our own with complete transparency. If you are interested in Bitcoin sports betting, please try us out, you will not be disappointed!  BTCBets.co.  We are a UK based company, hosted on UK-based servers and accept Bitcoin wagers 24x7x365 starting on American Football this weekend!  We will rapidly expand out offerings in terms of more sporting events and more available wagers on each of the events.  We require and maintain no accounts which simplifies the entire process for all involved and eliminates the deposit and withdrawal and account balance issues and headaches associated with most sports books.  There are of course no credit cards and no credit card or other transaction processing fees.
@_date: 2013-06-24 09:30:45
 was founded to provide a simple means for anyone with a credit card to acquire Bitcoins.  eCT follows and complies with all international, federal, state and local regulations where we conduct business, to ensure it is sustainable.
Bitcoin values will make new all time highs by Christmas THIS YEAR because entities like ours, which don't appreciate the burden of compliance but are doing it, are replacing earlier non-compliant businesses and there will be an ever increasing demand for Bitcoin regardless of regulation because of the freedom and security it provides as an alternate asset class and form of payment without central bank or financial institution intervention or control or costs.
@_date: 2013-07-23 01:51:05
 provides a simple way to buy bitcoins with a credit card that can be used on Gyft to take advantage of this promotion