@_author: edalexx
@_date: 2017-03-03 21:58:04
Sent. Josh I can understand that humans have limited capabilities and that you are really overwhelmed but the point is that I don't think it is acceptable especially for a trading company to impose such a disastrous treatment to people who confide their money to you (it's not rice...). 
If you allow...I strongly advise you hire more people (and don't forget communicating about it if you do, I can give you many links leading to posts relating to what I had experienced).
Anyway thanks if I you manage for my funds to be finally unfrozen...But still no thanks for the money I've lost as cryptos raised much during my forced waiting (as I was predicting and what led me to start transferring funds to your renown platform...).
@_date: 2017-03-06 20:14:43
Well you know $5k generating $20 of fees would really be a strict minimum.
If one is able to calculate the average fees generated by any portion of cash deposit on Kraken, I'm sure it would be well above the 0.4% only. I'm sure a very few peoples use market places only for converting fiat to cryptos once then withdraw.
We can still calculate for fun, how much time is it supposed to take for verifying someone's ID thanks to 2 documents and even eventually answering briefly to one or even two mails , and how much is it supposed to cost to the company for paying someone who would do this particular task ? I would say about 5 minutes for the first answer, and with a hour cost of let's say $30 (taxes included) for the company, these 5 minutes would cost $5. Even if I had only made a deposit for a single conversion they were still having a good profit from it (in my situation of course as below a certain amount of deposit it wouldn't be the case).
So I don't see how hiring could lead to a financial loss for the company while not doing it is extremely harmful.
Anyway just to say, in my case I didn't only do one conversion on the platform, I already had 300 Euros on it while my 5k were waiting for validation and 20k were waiting for being transfered (which I didn't in the end), so I played with these 300K on margin trading just for fun as I never experienced that before lol, and made multiple conversions with the 5k when I got them (the bullish period on eth was over at that time...), so I don't know how much I paid them in the end but it's likely much more than 20 dollars lol.
@_date: 2017-03-03 19:23:59


@_date: 2017-03-03 23:03:48
Yes it had been credited, thanks. The delay even if upsetting, as in my mind verifying a photo isn't supposed to take more than just 2 minutes (but maybe is there a more complex process which I'm not aware behind that simple verification ?), would have been much easily supported if only I had received a very short answer to any of my requests. By the way it would have saved much time to you and me in the end.
Anyway, I wish a good continuation to your team.
