@_author: edensired
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:07:29
Umm... the american dollar is 226 years old?
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:19:23
"The United States dollar (sign: $; code: USD; also abbreviated US$ and referred to as the dollar, U.S. dollar, or American dollar) is the official currency of the United States and its insular territories per the United States Constitution since 1792." - article of the United States dollar on Wikipedia. 
Of course the dollar has changed cosmetic things many times but are you saying that the dollar wasnt the dollar before 1971?
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:11:02
You're a Saint. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:53:38
What was the use-value of Bitcoin before it started to be used to pay for things?
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:03:48
Please do explain what that means in America. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:15:45
I totally agree but the article suggest there is some different type of value that gold has and bitcoin doesnt. Which in my opinion is stupid. The only value something has inherently is its ability to be consumed as a resource your body needs or protect you physically. 
That article seems like total bullshit. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:47:04
Yeah exactly. it just seems like he is using some weird things about value as a thing and pinning them on Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 00:39:14
Oh I see! It changed what it stood for. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:23:47
Yeah interesting book. What evidence do you have to support the claim,"Mechanisms that involve real competitive markets are INHERENTLY more efficient(needs to be defined) at providing goods and services than single centralized entities (needs to be defined)."
Side note: I'm not pro government. Nor am I anti-bitcoin or cyrpto, I have a significant portion of my value invested in it.
However I am sceptical that what ever we "Naturally" do will be much better than the government's that we "naturally" built. 
There def is a problem and it needs to be fixed. I even happen to have some ideas for possible solutions. I'm just not seeing any viable or sound solutions in your argument. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 20:14:02
Oh man...  Now you are using logical fallacies and straw manning my argument. Which is unfortunate.
So here is an example that actually represents my argument. Say tomorrow government stops existing. McDonald's is driven by profit motives above all else so let's ignore all the things McDonalds can now do that it can't do today and focus on one of them as if it would only do one. It's cheaper for McDonalds to add fillers to their burgers but some of the fillers haven't been tested but they make the burger cheaper to produce so that add the fillers in. Now if there was some government those fillers would of been regulated so they would of been tested before they were allowed to be used and we would of found out that this particular filler causes ulcers with long term consumption. But we don't so there is no way for a consumer to know what the filler might do to them or if there is filler in their burger at all. So people consume a good quarter pounder and months or years later develop stomach ulcers that they need to take medication for for the rest of their lives. The pharma company that produces that medication high-fives McDonald's and they move on. As you continue to consume medication every day that helps your ulcers but all side effects are unknown because if we found out that this cheap drug gave people high blood pressure then people wouldn't use it. This goes on and on. This is only one thing that McDonald's could do tomorrow that it couldn't do today because of government. 
I don't think the government is Noble. I think there are better solutions other than our current realities of government. What I was hoping to do with you was talk about some possible other options. But it seems you're stuck thinking I want the government to stay and that markets are just innocent entities that would never harm us if they were left unchecked. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 20:30:05
The government pays someone to make them. Pays them lots of money. Those companies were politically involved in make the decision to go to war in the first place. 
So your argument that war isn't profitable to the market is a joke. It is profitable to the market or we wouldn't do it. Sorry for being so aggressive. This is just so clear. 
Government works in the service of the market. It funnels billions of dollars into our economy. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 20:24:20
You are missing the point. The consumer doesn't know that McDonald's has added the filler or that the filler is causing the ulcers so they have no motivation to stop consuming McDonald's. I made that clear in my example so why aren't you acknowledging that? 
So the consumer isn't stupid they are misled. They are unaware of the effect the McDonald's is having on them.
Right now we assume that if there were such fillers they wouldn't be allowed to be used or we would know about their use and effects so we can make an informed decision. That is our belief in the social contract that would be undermined in our hypothetical situation so that McDonald's can make profit. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:19:57
What do you mean? 
Do you mean we will just naturally find a way to organize ourselves that won't have similar problems to what we call government? 
Side note: Interesting points about utopia. I imagine that any functional utopia would be one in which we can genetically and totally change what it is to be human to create whatever "nature" we want. Or we create a society that doesn't resist nature but works with it and grows with it. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 20:17:13
Hahaha who do you think gets paid for the tanks, the bombs, etc... The market. 
You do hit on a good point. If you look at Government as something independent of the market it doesn't make war seem profitable. However that's not what I suggested. What I suggested is that the government enters wars in service of the market. Which does indeed benefit when our tax dollars are used to buy billions of dollars from the market to fuel the war machine. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 12:59:08
How would we organize ourselves without government? 
Edit: I'm not pro goverment. Im actually excited to hear ideas people have for possible ways to organize ourselves without government. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:16:17
Governement does decide that fertilize isn't on the shelf beside the butchers block. Or that the meat be kept a certain way etc. The government does regulate where Starbucks and McDonald's can go. 
The list goes on. Government makes sure that the roads to those places are usable. Makes sure the air around those places is breathable. Makes sure that the way they deal with their waste isn't going to immediately harm those around them. Government does a lot in terms of protection from free market. Which is just a small part. 
As a scientist there are many research opportunities that short sighted markets would never fund but the results of which have positively changed the world.
I'm not pro goverment. I was actually excited to see ideas people had for a possible way to organize ourselves without government. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:14:19
I understand your sentiment but can you explain how it's true?
Are you saying we will just find other ways of organizing ourselves?
In the same way that we found a replacement for slave exploitation in wage slavery and private prisons? 
If so that is a problem. Because although the things that replaced slavery aren't exactly slavery they aren't desirable either. 
So I'm imagining a different type of organizing ourselves that would end up becoming like a government. Or at least still be undesirable in similar ways. 
Or are you saying that the question comes from a limited perspective? 
As in asking who will pick the cotton is such a reductionist response to the loss of slavery that it doesn't matter. 
Either way I'm not saying, "Government is important because if we don't have it how will we organize ourselves?" 
Rather I'm saying, "Cool no government. What are some ideas on how to organize ourselves without it?"
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:42:19
Yes but you can't look at examples of market-based counterpoints that exist within the context of a government and try to treat them as if that is how the market would behave outside of that context. 
I don't know if government is necessary. I do know that us working together is necessary. I do know that civilization, as we know it, has never existed outside of the context of something one could call a government. I do know that war happens for more market reasons than political, government, reasons. I'm convinced that it is government in service to the market that motivates government's to do all/most of the nasty things it does. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:26:29
You responded to my side note and not the main topic. :(
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:50:14
Why do you keep talking to me like I'm defending government? 
I'm not saying we should preserve government. I'm saying that left to "nature" we created it. So how is leaving it to "nature" going to not create it again. I think that's a fair question that isn't seeking to preserve the government. 
Your idea of a real-competitive market that exist with the ease for buyers and sellers to leave and etc. Sounds great and all but how do we create that with out a government? Let's say there is no government and I'm a producer. I have the idea that if I have a captitive consumer I can make more profit. What's to stop me from doing that if not the government? And let's not play around the point... true capitalist motivation will always motivate producers to make as much profit as possible even up to attacking the very foundation of the social contract previously existing. How do we prevent that with out government? I WANT TO BE ABLE TO PREVENT THIS WITH OUT GOVERNMENT I JUST DONT KNOW HOW. 