@_author: edgetrejo
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:50:14
Actually it does, Venezuela right now is Latin America’s leader on bitcoin transactions because of the currency blockade imposed by the dictatorship. Bitcoin is the only way Venezuelan were able to save their money from a 1,000,000% inflation rate (just announced by the IMF) 
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:14:43
No he didn’t, just because the numbers say that we won, it doesn’t mean that those numbers are right, not Chavez, not Maduro. In fact he only became a president when Chavez died, our constitution says that in case of death of the president, the vicepresidente will asume power... but he wasn’t the vicepresident... so they hid Chavez’s death from the public for four months, they hid the corpse in Cuba and the forged fake signatures and statements designating Maduro as the Vice President, and the by then attorney general Luisa Ortega diaz (now in exile too) has testified that this is true. They have never won elections fairly. And why haven’t we risen up in arms... well there’s a gun control policy in Venezuela, so law abiding citizens are no allowed to buy any type of guns. That has caused that the only ones with guns are either government officials or not so law abiding citizens. People did rise up and protested against the dictatorship, but with only sticks and stones against the army and militia. They died by the hundreds. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:38:11
No he didn’t, just because the numbers say that we won, it doesn’t mean that those numbers are right, not Chavez, not Maduro. In fact he only became a president when Chavez died, our constitution says that in case of death of the president, the vicepresidente will asume power... but he wasn’t the vicepresident... so they hid Chavez’s death from the public for four months, they hid the corpse in Cuba and the forged fake signatures and statements designating Maduro as the Vice President, and the by then attorney general Luisa Ortega diaz (now in exile too) has testified that this is true. They have never won elections fairly. And why haven’t we risen up in arms... well there’s a gun control policy in Venezuela, so law abiding citizens are no allowed to buy any type of guns. That has caused that the only ones with guns are either government officials or not so law abiding citizens. People did rise up and protested against the dictatorship, but with only sticks and stones against the army and militia. They died by the hundreds. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:33:09
Venezuelan here, he didn’t get re-elected, he stole the elections and when people started to protest, he sent the army, police and outlaw militia to the streets and murderer hundreds of people. Then lost the Congress mayority so he decided to just overthrow it and created a new and illegal Congress with members that he chose, did the same with the Supreme Court as he picked himself the judges and drove the ones that opposed him to exile or prison. So much for democratic socialism.
@_date: 2018-07-24 22:38:56
That’s a two month old picture, inflation rates for this year are expected to be around 15000%. In this month dollar exchange rate went from 225000 Bs per dollar to 3,300,000 Bs for one dollar