@_author: editorgolden
@_date: 2015-12-07 04:55:35
Shitty "Social Network" reference. Don't worry, it's not that you didn't get it, I'm just not funny. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:04:38
Drop the "El." Just,  "Facebook."
@_date: 2018-05-19 16:50:48
"The root of the problems in America is that political opinions are increasingly divided. People need to communicate and listen with empathy rather than sitting in their own bubbles and ridiculing the other side."
"No, teenagers almost never are correct in these situations."
Dawg i literally just said the exact same thing as you and you still finished your statement with "teenagers are never right" after explicitly saying the problem is that people are too divided and unempathetic. Do YOU see the hypocrisy? 
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:21:13
i think "burning" imagery and stuff is pretty extreme and obviously (hopefully) not something anyone is literally thinking of doing, or gives any merit. 
but i dont think anyone should discredit the desire for change as "edgy". it's easy to forget that every major social change has been brought about by a younger generation getting tired of the rules and ways of life the older generation put in place. 
its also going to happen regardless, and if the majority of people don't like the direction a society is going then it's the majority's responsibility to somehow change it. part of that change will require vocalized complaints. 
99% of america DOESNT like the direction america is going. if youre right wing you think having 98 genders is stupid (it is) and if youre left wing then you think the idea that "racism is dead" is stupid (it also is).
these petty arguments are a convenient distraction when you realize that everyone kinda agrees that the REASON everything is going to shit is because the people in charge (banks, police, politicians) are letting it. 
you'd probably agree with most "edgy teen" opinions, its just that theyre communicated by teenagers, who are extreme and riled up and overly hormonal. 
older people are a more level headed, but jaded and tired. 
generations speak different languages, but i dont think we're arguing. 
thanks reddit for letting me attach this addy fueled rant to a tangentially related comment
i love you and have a good day -HG 
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:12:03
if a centralized system fails and the consequence of that is that the people using the system get fucked over, then thats probably a big part of the reason the system ended up failing in the first place. 
i dont want anyone to lose their money and id love to minimize any losses if we do transition (in the future) to some sort of crypto-based market, but itll probably happen. its the cost of change and evolution, and its kinda unavoidable. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 20:00:38
Yikes. 
Heres the bottom line:
I would rather come to a common ground with you than argue. You just went through my entire first comment and told me why you disagree with everything i said. Thats cool, but youre not gonna make any friends running around trying to prove why youre right like its your job. 
Your thesis here is "we need to be empathetic and understand each other" and you would rather prove that your interpretation of my words is more legitimate than my own. This isnt debate class, these are reddit comments. I dont care about winning but if i genuinely did a bad job communicating my perspective then I'll try to be more clear and direct. 
Ill give it to you that we disagree on blamimg The Powers That Be. Im a cooky guy who leans towards thinking that kost the bullshit we argue about doesnt matter, but its obviously perpetuated in media outlets and politicians. Its trickle down anger over shit that doesnt matter, and i believe theres people at the top that have an interest in keeping that cycle going. Im not blaming "the older generation" but a cycle perpetuated by people that happen to be older. 
The vast majority of teens dont want buildings burnt down, which i effectively communicated right off the bat. Its pretty obvious to me that everything i said was equally as *kumbaya* as you, but youre still coming at me acting like i wanna argue. 
I get the feeling youre angry, dude. Thats fine, this is a little bit of an argument and i could see how it might have seemed like i was attacking your ideals or your intelligence, especially when i called you a hypocrite. I just hope you realize that i want empathy and understanding, too. And to me, that includes riled up teens. 
I still hope we can come to a mutual understanding. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 01:46:56
i think if the system collapsed then it would be because the rich were significantly financially hurt.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:01:41
why are we still here.... just to suffer? (gamer meme for gamers only non gamers please ignore) 
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:01:29
if this post is uploaded then its already too late its been nice knowing u guys 