@_author: edmantes
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:11:24
It's not convincing because 90% of people in here still ignore humans. 
We've had chip and pin in the UK for over a decade and my grandmother still only uses cash. Most developed nations have ageing populations, it's not like you can rely on folks "dying off", the number of "elderly" folk as a proportion of total population is going up. Decimalisation was a big deal in the UK and that was just shifting to a base ten system, not changing the currency type.
There are thousands if not millions of powerful wealthy individuals with a vested interest in sticking with traditional currency and they have all the leavers of the state and the private sector. No one is going to pay, or want to be paid in bitcoin. I'm sure a few places next year will accept Bitcoin, and I'm sure not many people will use such a facility for fear of losing out on another surge in the Bitcoin price.
There seems to be a lot of arguments put forward in here that have an internal logic but ignore the reality that most people don't understand bitcoin, don't know where to get it, don't know how to spend it, don't want to be paid in it and don't actually have a problem with/strong feelings against traditional currency. Ordinary people don't get it. You need ordinary people to get it. 
Bitcoin is a bubble and if you got in early well done, I hope you cash out at the right time. It's not going to replace anything. Maybe one day a cryptocurrency will but not this one.
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:55:59
You would do well to remember that the merchant is only able to sleep in his bed under the protection of the magistrate. What I'm saying is if the economy collapses and the state isn't able to intervene then those with Bitcoin will quickly discover that blockchain technology can't put out literal fires.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:35:32
I think one problem on this sub can be people talking past each other. So my friend tells me all of the reasons crypto is better than traditional currency. I say BitCoin is a fad. He says "but it's better because of X,Y,Z" and I maintain that it is a fad. Reason being it doesn't matter that it's better, people don't understand it, don't feel comfortable with it, don't know how to use it and don't even really think they need it. The next big thing will be when Apple/Android pay hits 50% of transactions, that sort of thing. It's not going to be Bitcoin. Saying "but it's better" assumes a population of rational actors which, you know, clearly isn't the case. I know a guy who types Gmail into google.com while he uses his Chrome browser. 