@_author: edores
@_date: 2019-08-03 20:51:18
Thank you for this. I've looked at a ton of exchanges and had not come across this one (I guess it being in beta might have something to do with that).
Anyways, this was exactly what I was looking for. Super easy signup. Most places supporting Canada have a $100 minimum which seems not to be the case here, which is a cool bonus. And no fees? If there's no catch, that's pretty nuts.
@_date: 2019-08-03 20:31:41
Are you serious? All I'm asking is if there are sites out there that make it feasible to purchase bitcoin without being dinged 5% with every single transaction. Maybe that seems like a "duh" question to someone who is experienced, but that's why I've posted it in this thread instead of making a whole new post. 
Being in Canada reduces a lot of the options out there, as well. Like the poster who replied coinbase pro to me. It looks absolutely fantastic. Just what I was looking for. Except, it's not available in my region.
I could go and check out a whole bunch of vendors or exchanges out there, but how do I know I've found the best one? Am I not allowed to ask around and get feedback from people who have been doing this for a while?
I'm just asking *if* it is a feasible strategy to make short-term "plays." Buy some bitcoin, price goes up 4%, then sell. It goes down 7%, levels out, I buy, then I buy some more, it goes up 3%, starts dipping again. Sell. Etc. The channels through which I have been buying would not be feasible for this because the fee is around 5% for buying. Even a lower fee such as 2 or 3% makes this not super worth it as my time would probably be better spent just messing around with stocks.
No shit, if I buy some bitcoin at 10,000 then it shoots to 20,000 I've made money. But that was not what I was asking.
I've managed to find a Canadian exchange that has a fee of 1.75%. Best so far, but if there was something equivalent to Coinbase pro's 0.4%, that would be amazing to know about.
@_date: 2019-08-03 19:44:14
It claims trading is not available in my region (Canada)? That is insanely frustrating.
@_date: 2019-08-03 18:32:40
EDIT: I am in Canada which does seem to change the dynamics of this question a lot.
I'm not sure if this is something I should post as a new thread with a more in-depth question, or if there's a sub more for "noobs" (I've been using bitcoin since 2013, but simply to buy goods, and I've never really got into the investing side).
My question basically is, everywhere I can bitcoin seems to have fees of at least 5%. If I'm trying to do a little bit of investing, basically in short-term periods of buying when I think it's going to go up, then selling when I feel it has reached a peak, the 5% every single time I go to buy or sell I am losing quite a large chunk.
Is there a way around this? Obviously if I could purchase directly from a person rather than a company, I could potentially a oid those fees. But on sites like localbitcoins, the going rates are almost always 10% or higher than the actual price of bitcoins.
How do you guys deal with this? Like if I've purchased $500 of bitcoins, (spending $550 to actually get them), then the price rises 10%, I've just broke even.
The only practical way seems to be buying and holding for the long run. But that's very risky, and at that point why not just invest in something more secure?
I feel like I'm missing a piece of the puzzle. There is some interest in bitcoin locally, but finding someone who consistently is going to be able to trade bitcoins for money seems very difficult. And if I don't have that, it seems like it's a little too possible for the price to tank again by the time I actually find someone to sell to.
Thanks for any help, or even just pointing me in the right direction to get a better handle on this myself.
@_date: 2019-09-02 21:56:22
I think this is a hypothetical question where he is asking "if the infrastructure existed to do your grocery shopping and pay bills in bitcoin, would you use them or convert them to your local diet currency first?