@_author: educrypto
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:32:59
My class is an hour-long presentation with slides, which I'll likely post under a Creative Commons license in the near future. I've been influenced by many of Andreas Antonopoulos' talking points and in fact play an excerpt of him speaking to the Canadian Senate about global reserve currencies (specifically, on how bitcoin is poised to become the reserve currency of the internet). I spend some time on history, because a lot of people don't think about how the US dollar got to where it is today. I walk people through the payment system and emphasize the critical importance of safeguarding one's wallet seed. I define what an internet protocol is and compare Bitcoin to HTTP and its current state to the early days of the internet. I also discuss in broad strokes what the blockchain is, how the mining process works, how important the concept of distributed consensus is, and the importance of all this being open-source. It's a lot of information to throw at people in an hour, especially if they are not technically-minded. But so far, the feedback I've gotten has been really good. For this intro class my focus is on giving people the context to understand why this is such a big deal.
I also send everyone who comes a tiny amount of bitcoin. As soon as they see a balance pop up on their phone seconds after I send them a payment, they’re like “Wow!” They start getting it. That is the thought behind the in-person thing. People get really intimidated by bitcoin. There is a lot of learned helplessness when it comes to managing one's finances. My experiment with this whole thing is to see if in-person hand-holding is a tactic that will help get people onboard. 
I'll probably post the slides online soon, and also some video of the class, since people have been requesting that.  
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:46:25
For sure I have, and I might do that. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:05:48
Brilliant idea!
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:34:47
Good point. I am also thinking that there are a number of other related classes that I can teach. I have been considering a sort of tiered class structure, where the intro version is free but I offer an advanced class that shows people how to set up hardware wallets for security and that kind of thing. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 19:50:17
Hey, this is me! So stoked to get a little attention on this! I am working hard on creating more content. I also have a [Such Wow]( Youtube channel in order to get more eyeballs on the content as I build the brand, but my hope is to do it all with bitcoin as soon as possible. 
I am really happy with the Popchest service. Everything has been seamless and the Coinbase wallet integration is working perfectly. 