@_author: edufgf
@_date: 2016-06-18 03:10:41
Thanks! That is some great input.
All of my current knowledge on Bitcoin is backed up by bachelor's CS knowledge on Networks + the Cryptocurrencies course on Coursera offered by Princeton. I believe I know some technical aspect of it, but not too deep.
"For example understand in detail how you could determine the btc balance of an address." I would look on all unspent transaction output (UTXO) of this address on the UTXO set. (I hope this exists). The other way would be to traverse the entire blockchain.
These websites are really nice. And I think they do something related to what I was thinking (they plot some data and charts).
Maybe I could develop a similar tool, but focused on the educational side. Like, showing how transactions are gathered into blocks, miners working or something similar. I do think that some people have a hard time grasping how Bitcoin works, and maybe a visual representation of everything might help. I think this would be enough for my project. If you have some pointers to something on this educational direction, please show me.
Thanks for this info!
@_date: 2015-11-01 23:50:19
Thanks! This might be it, but I am surprised that it isn't mentioned almost evrerywhere I looked it up.
Is this set of UTXO something that is maintained together with the ledger?
@_date: 2016-07-23 22:08:23
Yes you are right.
The data that I want is the unconfirmed transactions that eventually never get confirmed! Maybe because it is an attacker transaction, spam attack or low-fee transaction, or maybe even invalid.
Mempools will delete them after some days. The question here is to know if those transactions that are "lost" after some days would be useful for some data analysis.
For example, if someone wants to know how many transactions weren't confirmed due to low-fee reasons, they would need to get a history of those transactions that didn't make it to blocks. But then, there isn't such a history!
@_date: 2016-07-23 22:10:50
This is some partial data. From this I can say how many weren't confirmed ever, but I don't actually have access to individual transactions in the mempool for that specific time. (And, hey, do we need to get all of those specific data? Someone would benefit from it? I don't know and this is my question).
Yet this is some good information. Thanks.