@_author: edward_coxx
@_date: 2018-09-24 08:31:58
What if modern currency destroys you?
Might have wanted to just buy a bag of ripped bills like mentioned above. Kind of a waste of money to be ripping up your own bills. Bet it was fun though.
Haven't heard anything on the news yet about this, so they didn't get caught. We might see these kinds of artwork popping up all over the globe like Banksy soon. No one will ever know where it came from.
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:53:27
Yeah you wouldn't be able to find a buyer with 100k coins. That's nearly $650,000,000 in one go. No one on the face of the earth would take that off of you in one trade, so it would be impossible to sell. With a market cap of nearly $110 billion, that trade would cripple it.  Maybe that's in dollars?
And the $6k range is a pretty strong support, not only technically but also fundamentally as miners will want to remain profitable. So there would be a lot of counterbuying at that time too.
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:53:44
...but it was a good chance to drop the price another 5% so we could get a bargain. Hurry up and buy before it's too late!
These headlines sure are a laugh. I think eventually people will just stop taking them seriously after enough fakeouts. Then we'll see some real price action and less fear. There's not as much scamming as it's made out to be, the news just likes to paint it that way.
@_date: 2018-09-26 19:02:38
Yeah that's what they tried to do with the removal of the gold standard back in Nixon's days. That was the brainchild of a bunch of Morgans, Rothschilds, etc. on Jekyll island many years back. They schemed up a plan to pass a bill through when no one would be around to read it thoroughly, and it just slipped through. They managed to trick the entire nation out of the gold standard so they could print money as much as they wanted. Thus was born the Federal Reserve, the biggest monetary scam of all time. You can read the comprehensive history of currency manipulation in the book Creature from Jekyll Island.
edit: mixed the names...
@_date: 2018-09-12 18:45:24
Bisq looks like a really good exchange but I haven't had any luck setting it up with my bank. It's order books are quite thin right now so it's hard to find a payment option that suits your needs, especially if you don't live in the states or europe. Hard to do a wire transfer. It would be nice if more people caught on. The prices would be better and it'd be easier to buy internationally. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:46:41
Yeah there's already too much money tied up in it. And a lot probably bought at the peaks so they're gonna wait until the banks try to foreclose their homes. 
The mania that happened in the last two years is over, I'm afraid. Now it's the hangover, next is the next big thing. What that big thing is, who knows, but it's probably going to have to involve trust. Trust will only come with regulations, and that's what will lead other people into it. But for now, everyone's kind of cautiously waiting.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:59:51
That is intrinsic value in the sense that people see subjective value in it and are willing to pay for it. This is the shock to traditional econs world because their model of value doesn't compute this kind of "irrational" behavior. Irrationality is just manifestation of various biases we have towards money. Loss aversion, for example, is another one you can see in Bitcoin. Fear of losing money to government incompetency, fear of having your information being stolen, etc. 
Perceived value, on the other hand, doesn't have any real substance behind it. It's a short term trend that eventually loses itself to others.
@_date: 2018-09-30 18:05:15
It's the next best solution after being called out on the Panama papers. Isn't Malta pretty much just the laundering and tax evasion safe haven of Europe?
Not saying that money laundering's favorite tool is Bitcoin, in fact it is much less than we think. But it is a more convenient way to move money without being noticed. That's probably why he wants to promote it--he doesn't have to deal with pesky paper trails like Panama turned into. Although it isn't impossible to trace Bitcoin anymore either.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:02:10
Yeah the way society looks at them is sickening. Sure, they worked hard and had lots of genius ideas to bring them up to that level, but many of them don't know how to get much further than that. 
Just look at Soros every time he talks. Even the reporters cringe at his brash statements with no substance or real world worth. Making billions with a hedge fund several decades is nothing like cryptocurrency, hell it's not even the same as it was back then. The currency markets have become so irrational because of all the intrusive algos ripping prices in every direction. 
People change, markets change, and the face of money itself evolves with it.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:38:44
Yeah just wait until it does a 180. I guess you can just flip the meme so it won't matter anyway. Post it again just in the other direction.
Did anyone see that Tilray movement yesterday or the day before relative to bitcoin? That was a huge move! Someone must've had a kajillion in bitcoin sitting around that thought would make a good investment in marijuana, so bought a bajillion of Tilray and then sold it and dumped it back into Bitcoin, sending both markets flying in either direction!