@_author: edwardmoncada01
@_date: 2017-12-29 00:01:51
Hi there. Ed Moncada here, I'm a Co-Founder and the CEO of Blockfolio. Found out about this thread and thought it was interesting enough to respond, mostly because I see a lot of misinformation and figured it could be very useful to people here to learn about Blockfolio directly from the source.
To kid_cisco: I'm a bit suprised you would say that Blockfolio "was" the industry standard, in the past tense. We've worked very long (since 2014) and very hard to deliver a great user experience, and as result we've managed to get millions of downloads and a lot of love from our users and the Blockchain ecosystem in general. We're extremely fortunate for this and eternally grateful.  It's also something we are very proud of.
These days it seems like there is a new portfolio tracking app coming out every week. What I notice with all of them is that they have really taken a liking to our format. Sometimes it's almost identical (with just a few cosmetic alterations). This is pretty flattering.  As an entrepreneur it's a very cool experience to go through.
When we started Blockfolio we never thought in our wildest dreams that we would achieve the kind of growth that we are seeing today.  These days we pick up between 30k and 50k new downloads every day.  This unexpected growth has brought along with it some growing pains, as some of you remember our app was slow for 48 hours a few weeks back.  The silver lining to our growing pains is that it is indicative of the massive interest that's come into our ecosystem, and this is fantastic for everyone.  Anyway, we've since resolved that issue, and you should rest easy knowing we are committed to making sure it never happens again.  I can't thank everyone enough for how supportive you were during this period of time.
As far as new features go, we've got a large number of them in the pipeline. Yes there are standard features like multiple portfolios, device sync, back up, exchange integration, etc. that we'll be delivering very soon. But we've also got a number of innovative features that we'll be delivering to our users that only we are in a position to provide. We're really excited about what you'll soon experience in the Blockfolio app, and can't wait to share. 
Also worth noting, the ethos at our company has always been about putting the USERS FIRST. We always try to do this to the best of our ability. This is why we are committed to providing a TOTALLY FREE app to our users, and we always will. Period.
I'll be happy to answer anyone's questions on this thread so if anyone has any feel free to ask away. Or if you want I'm fairly active these days in our Telegram group (as well as our co-founders and team) and we'll be happy to answer any questions there as well. You can join our Telegram channel here: 
We would love for all of you to stop by and say hi to us on Telegram. Feel free to ask us any questions you might have even beyond our app, such as the ecosystem as a whole, about various blockchain tech and their applications, optimal governance systems, etc. We've been involved in the ecosystem since late 2012/early 2013 and are enthusiastic about all the new people showing up to the space. We love to give back and are more than happy to share what we've learned so that others can find their way.
I've got to run now, but I'll be checking this thread here and there.
Best regards and thanks for the support,
-Ed Moncada | Blockfolio
@_date: 2017-12-29 19:01:11
We do marketing partnerships with projects that we really believe in.  In the past we’ve done two of these.  The first was with Status back in June, and later in October we partnered with Quantstamp. We always give users the option to easily remove these from our app. We turn away greater than 99% of partnership deals that get pitched to us (and millions in revenue) because we want to maintain a great user experience and not expose our users to projects we don't truly believe in. 
Worth mentioning here is that Blockfolio has never sold any user data and we NEVER will. We don’t trade against data or use our user’s data in any way whatsoever, nor will we ever use it in any way that does not directly benefit our users. The trust of our users and our brand in the ecosystem is the most important thing to us at Blockfolio, and we have always seen ourselves as having a responsibility to protect both our users and the ecosystem in general while providing the best app possible.
We’ve been fortunate enough to have some great investors who have provided the runway we need to achieve our long term goals while keeping our commitment to providing an app that will always be 100% free.  I should add that we've been exploring token based models that we believe will bring the maximum benefit to all Blockfolio users. We plan to have a series of exciting announcements in the coming weeks with further information.
@_date: 2018-05-03 16:21:00
Looks like that was just a bug that should've been fixed.  Let me know if it's still an issue.