@_author: eek04
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:00:19
It seems to me to be a death wish.  She's pissed off a community with lots of money, a subcomponent that includes people that contract out assassinations (and that buys it), and relatively strong anonymity.
If she is correct, she has also seriously pissed off somebody with approximately half a billion in assets.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:48:02
Lots of people that has written on monospaced systems (e.g. Usenet, older email) will write that way.  I do two spaces after period; I think the typography looks better even in a proportional font.  There are also a number of computer systems (Emacs comes to mind) that work better if you write this way.
@_date: 2015-01-20 23:48:20
There are some new techniques that would have caught those.
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:01:14
I'm not sure why this is getting downvoted - it is a legitimate question.
As for the answer: On chain (ie, real bitcoin)?  No.  Off-chain?  Sure; "off chain" bitcoin transactions are really just promises.  And somebody could do a fake promise.  Probably not for a billion bitcoin, but possibly enough to move the price.
In security trading parlance, selling a security you don't have is known as a "Naked short sale", if you want to look more into this.  There are regulations against this some places, but it even happens those places occasionally.  Such a transaction can't go into the blockchain, though - that needs the sale to be covered.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:26:04
In Norway, there is no equivalent of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - instead, there is a [direct government bank]( for home loans only, with strict constraints on what kind of housing it will give loans for (just regular houses, with limits against luxury housing).  It has financed about 50% of new housing in Norway since WWII.
Interest control is a bit different from the way it works in the US; the central bank has deposit accounts where the banks are required to keep a certain reserve, and they get an interest level on that, which effectively forms the floor on other interests in NOK (because deposits in the central bank by definition are risk free in terms of NOK, since it is an issuing bank, while other investments have some risk.)
As for US banks being protected from inflation: Yes, no, somewhat - they are protecting different money.  Rationally, they still should set up any loan so that loan is on average profitable.  The problem in the banking sector isn't that the individual loans are set up to be profitable - it is that they've been bundled, re-sold and "insured" by somebody that didn't really have the capital to insure it, using risk models which assumed that lack of ability to re-pay was non-correlated, rather than happening to many people at the same time, and that overall bailouts have been done the wrong way (with moral hazard - the person taking the risk hasn't had to take the downside).
The latter is something I've concluded is a general problem with banking with limited liability companies: If you have the ability to go bankrupt, you can create a lot of small companies that each take on a lot of risk, and then take the profit from the ones that go well, and leave the loss in the ones that go badly to go into bankruptcy.  This can also be done through time-based arbitrage - make the bets based on it being an up market, and then when it turns out to go down - too bad, your company went bankrupt, but all the profit you took out during the good times is nicely protected.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:13:47
Well, let's look at this the opposite way.  Let's assume inflation based on the last 30 years of inflation.  At that rate, your $150k house will cost $351,725.90 - so having paid 150k + 123k = 273k for it still leaves you well ahead.
Using the [period with the lowest CPI increase I could find]( - 1920 to 1950 - your house would have gone to $180,750, so you're ~92k down the hole for 30 years; about $76.5k in the original valuation.  So this is the situation the bank is betting on, and you're effectively betting on something more like the historic inflation.  We'll see who comes out ahead when the time comes - but the price they're asking isn't horrible.
@_date: 2013-12-17 01:20:26
Let's start with points where we agree: I agree that it is unfortunate that workers do not participate in the benefits from productivity increases, and I think it is appropriate to do changes that lead to better net income for the lower end workers (and, necessarily, that will lead to people like me, on the upper end of the spectrum, taking less net income.)
I also think that giving the banks a bailout with so few restrictions was a bad move; the banks should have gotten heavy regulation and probably a bunch of them should have been broken up, bonuses and similar should have been forfeited, and owners should have lost all their stock value - and whatever impact that would have had in terms of pensions etc we should have dealt with separately.
And I agree on the effect of amortization in terms of what is paid off when, and that banks have an easier time handling risk because they can average it out - and that it would be appropriate to do things to make that easier.  In Norway, where I am originally from, you'll get 80% of your pay as unemployment benefits for at least a year after you lose your job, and you don't get bankrupt from having medical issues, so at least the bumps are smaller - I believe that model would be good for the US too, but it is politically hard to get there.  (Norway spends the same percentage of GDP on government as the US, so it's not directly a money issue, but it needs prioritization.)
Where I disagree is on the premise around isolation from inflation.  For the money they lend to person X, the banks are not isolated from inflation.  What they get back is Y, fixed, no matter what the inflation.  If they've analyzed correctly, this will work out to more than inflation with correct time value of money etc.  However, if it doesn't, then they've lost.
Comparing to non-real interest isn't correct, as they have locked up the money.
Finding an actual time value for the money is beyond what I can do right now without writing a bit of code; it's not quite as good as comparing what's at the end of it, and not anywhere near as bad as comparing directly at the start.  Somewhere in the middle is probably better (that's ~230k value for the house), but it's not quite clear that's appropriate either.  I'll see if I can write a small program and actually verify how this works out - I'm curious.
