@_author: ef4
@_date: 2014-01-28 16:47:29
Paranoid people assume there's a backdoor in TrueCrypt because there hasn't been an independent security audit of the source. 
But there has been some progress on that front: 
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:15:53


It's actually much less than 20% in most cases. But that's not the only way to run a banking system. Bitcoin banks will necessarily need to be real free-market banks -- there's no central bank cartel to coddle them and protect them from their mistakes.
This means they'll need to make a distinction between two things that the modern banks would like you to confuse: any Bitcoin you put in the bank is either there for safekeeping (in which case you can withdraw it whenever, and you will pay a small fee for the bank's protection, and earn no interest), or there for investment (in which case you will agree up front to leave it invested for a fixed period of time, in exchange for interest).
Even a fully-Bitcoin world will need investment. Deflation doesn't preclude healthy lending markets, if it's predictable. Bitcoin's deflation is predictable -- it only deflates as fast as the Bitcoin economy grows. If the Bitcoin economy eventually equals the world economy, then you won't see crazy appreciation anymore. Just steady, predictable deflation of a few percent a year.
Under those conditions, we better *hope* that it's not more profitable to sit on your Bitcoins rather than invest them, because that would dry up the pool of working capital for new businesses and new technologies. That couldn't really happen as long as there are free Bitcoin capital markets -- the rate of investment return will naturally rise until it's high enough to entice many savers to invest their coins.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:44:44
I'm talking about the difference between deposit banking and investment banking. Our modern banks mix the two together, but they can only get away with that because they're government-protected cartels.
[Start with this book.](
@_date: 2013-03-25 16:43:49
If nobody is willing to take your low fee, your transaction won't happen.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:41:44
If this loophole actually existed, you'd see a gigantic market of people using stocks and bonds directly to buy houses and boats. But you don't, because your tax person is wrong.
(One of the only times you can *legally* avoid taxes by dealing in barter is when you're donating an asset to a tax-exempt charity.)
It's definitely tax evasion. But it's probably the kind of tax evasion you'd get away with, given the lack of paper trail.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:32:49
That's not entirely true. A mildly deflating currency can still support a lending industry, as long as the deflation is predictable (which for a fully-adopted Bitcoin, it would be).
It would necessarily be a smaller, saner lending industry than we see today, precisely because inflation isn't going to bail out a lender who makes bad loans.  So you will only see loans being made when there is a clear business case for how the money is going to get invested productively.
We don't really need to speculate how an economy would behave with a stable-to-mildly-deflating currency, because the US had such a currency from about 1865 to 1900. There were plenty of bank loans in that time, used for things like building factories or buying farmland. Those loans could still be paid back, because the assets purchased generated real wealth. But there were essentially no consumer loans.
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:52:07
Interest is most definitely possible in a (steady, predictably) deflationary currency.
The return from any investment is composed of two parts: inflation expectations and real return. A bank that expects 2% inflation that wants to achieve a real 5% return just charges 7%. Similarly, a Bitcoin bank that expects 2% deflation could just charge 3% to achieve their real 5% return.
An important aspect of banking is whether it is fractional-reserve. Fractional-reserve banking is so fragile that it requires special protection from governments, so I don't expect to see it becoming widespread in Bitcoins. This means you probably won't get paid interest on money that you're able to instantly access, but you'll be able to earn interest with Certificates of Deposit that lock up your funds for a fixed period of time.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:29:25
You only need fractional reserves if the deposits are instantly accessible for withdrawal. If the depositor agrees to a fixed deposit term (a Certificate of Deposit), the bank can remain solvent in the same way any normal business is solvent: having assets on a shorter maturity than debts. This is much more stable than fractional reserve banking, which is fundamentally bankrupt by the normal accounting standards that apply to all other kinds of business.
For example, my bank will pay you interest on your Bitcoins, but only if you agree that we're not obligated to return them until after April 10th 2014.
Then I can issue a ten month loan to someone else. Notice that I'm not instantly vulnerable to a bank run in the way I would be if I was loaning out demand deposits.
@_date: 2013-04-01 00:19:09
You can choose to offer a lower (or zero) transaction fee.
While it's possible that no miner would choose to process the transaction, my understanding is that it's likely to go through anyway, because miners aren't particularly picky about transaction fees at present (they're far more interested in the mining reward).
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:21:16
The critical thing to remember is that our corrupt banking system is not the only kind of banking system possible. Banks *do* provide useful functions in a free market. Commercial banking arose before central banking and fiat currency.
I strongly encourage anyone with an interest in banking to read [Murray Rothbard's "The Mystery of Banking"](
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:19:16


Frankly, it's not easy to pull this off safely, and most people are better off sticking with the golden rule: don't reuse addresses ever.
Realize that having any address that's publicly linked to you puts not just you, but also the people who transact with you at risk of being de-anonymized at any point in the future.
Consider: 
1. You have a vanity address, you share it pretty widely, a simple Google search is enough to find forum posts linking it to your real identity.
2. You spend some coins out of that address for something totally innocuous, like a pizza.
3. The next person that has those coins uses them to buy illegal drugs.
4. Years later, the dealer gets sloppy and gets busted. Law enforcement finds the dealer's wallet, learns all his addresses.
5. A quick search through the blockchain shows all the previous owners of all the coins that ever passed through the dealer's hands. Most are anonymous, but some addresses (like yours!) are known.
6. You get a knock on the door and some awkward questions about who you bought that pizza from.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:19:10


Now you're just repeating what the ignorant media have been saying. Remember how wrong they all were when they were talking about bitcoins? They're equally wrong about this.
Cypress's total gold holdings are tiny. Smaller than the market cap of bitcoin. Something like $400 million worth. China alone imports more gold than that every month (despite being the world's largest miner, too). 
The media just like to latch onto a convenient, easy explanation for why prices are changing and then repeat it endlessly. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:02:30
Banks today serve two purposes (they conflate the two, but historically they're different): bailment and investment. 
Bailment is keeping your money safe for you. It doesn't pay interest. Generally, you actually pay a fee instead (that's the business model).
Investment is when the bank helps connect people who want to borrow money with people who want to lend money, and profits off the spread between the two rates.
Both these functions are still valuable in a Bitcoin world. Computer security is a specialized skill. I do it for a living and I'm confident I can keep a Bitcoin wallet safe, but I'm deeply skeptical that most people can do it better than a well designed (bailment) bank.
And there will always be a need for investment. It's extremely critical that savings get channeled into real, productive investments. If *everyone* just bought bitcoins and sat on them, there would be no pool of working capital for new businesses, new technologies, etc. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 00:50:32
You need to keep in mind that everyone else is also looking at that "pretty good earning" and ordering ASICs.
As soon as they all come online, the difficulty is going to go through the roof. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:53:10
The point is not that you yourself have any clear liability. The point is that you can be pressured to reveal the next link in the spend history. A court may order you to, or a bunch of criminals may just show up and beat it out of you.
Address anonymity is the only thing that gives Bitcoin any privacy at all. Without it, Bitcoin is actually far less private than any other currency, because anyone in the world can see every transaction. 
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:21:29


That's not a good assumption. Many of those places are legit and will give a reasonable price, because it's really easy to compare what they're offering with the current spot price.