@_author: efadd
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:55:43
I agree that it may make sense to pay higher than average fees to ensure next (or next 2 or 3) blocks, but they've taken it to a bit of an extreme. They could still get next block with like 1/2 the fee they've been paying.
Either way though, you're right, they can do whatever they want, and I honestly don't care that much as long as they don't pass those costs onto me.
@_date: 2018-01-30 04:03:37
Eventually something has to give. Either they adopt segwit, or I dont see how they keep having free gdax xfers. I'm sure im not the average customer, but gdax has spent more money on transfer fees than they've made off me as a customer.
Especially with robinhood entering the scene, the free transfers are the only thing keeping me with them. Who am I to tell them how to waste their money if they want to pay stupid high fees, just so long as they continue paying them and not passing the costs to me.
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:53:32
You also have to remember this is just the Bitcoin Core protocol. There are development teams working on different iterations, as well as dev teams working on complimentary technologies like Lightning Network, RSK, etc. So it is only 80 developers for this specific part of Bitcoin, but the entire Bitcoin ecosystem has a lot more development going on.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:05:02
Transactions are broadcast to the network in a matter of seconds. You're right that confirmation can take over an hour though. That being said, credit cards work the same way. Credit card settlement takes days, the vendors just trust that the payment will be confirmed by Visa, MasterCard, etc in the mean time. Credit card charge backs are probably far more common and easy to perform than spoofing a transaction on the Bitcoin network (e.g. broadcasting a transaction knowing it will never be confirmed).
@_date: 2018-01-30 03:58:21
TA seems like a self fulfilling prophecy. It is largely voodoo, but so many people use that voodoo in their decision making process that it actūaly comes true.
Agree with LN analysis. We might get a bump from hype and progress in development, but I wont consider LN officially here untīl it overtakes on chain transactions in quanitity.
@_date: 2018-01-31 06:07:10
But do they really? Have their fees for customers buying through coinbase (as opposed to gdax) gone up in relation to the fees they're paying? I seriously don't know since I haven't purchased through coinbase in well over a year.
If the fees they are charging their customers remained the same, yet the fees for the transfers increased dramatically like it has over the past 6 or so months, then they are eating the difference of those higher fees.
I honestly don't know the details of their profit model, and I'm sure even with high tx fees they're raking in the dough, but at least for their gdax customers the fees they charge for market orders have remained the same, and limit orders are still free, so gdax customers aren't seeing the fees passed on to them.
@_date: 2018-01-30 01:02:37
That is really fucked up. Using the legal system to force someone into destitution (save the charity of others) seems like it could fall under cruel and unusual punishment. It admittedly isn't something like torture, or what most people consider cruel, but forcing someone to live reside in a nation while also banning them from attaining requisite funds for survival certainly seems unusual to me.
@_date: 2018-01-30 09:11:46
True, I guess I should say the free transfers, general trustworthiness, an most importantly, the ability to convert to/from USD is what keeps me with them. Gemini doesn't offer service in my state, despite it "coming soon" for like 2 years now, so I expect robinhood to become available first.
@_date: 2018-01-30 05:10:18
Dashcon had a ball pit. Buy DashconCoin.
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:25:48
Ross was not convicted of the procuring murder charge. It was dropped. He was convicted of money laundering, computer hacking, and conspiracy to traffic narcotics.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:26:42
Going off on someone for using the wrong vernacular is what the other sub does. Stop being a dickhead. Stop being a zealot, this isn't the church of Bitcoin and no one needs your crypto dogma. I'm not a huge fan of them co-opting the Bitcoin brand, but anyone dumb enough to buy BCH when they mean to buy BTC spent their money on a valuable lesson about paying attention to details.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:06:55
Explanation: It is my money and I'll do with it what I please.
I don't know your situation OP, but if you're an adult and financially independent, your mom needs a reality check. Being concerned and offering advice about finances is okay, demanding answers and explanations is not. Setting clear boundaries on subjects like this with my caring, but often overbearing mother, has drastically improved our relationship as adults.
If you're still relying on her financially in some way though (living at home, paying for college, etc), then you probably do owe her some sort of explanation.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:35:41
I think what is great about LN is that it offers an alternative *in addition to* the existing system. It is definitely a trade off, cheaper fees but more centralization, but it's also optional, so if someone absolutely refuses to use it, they don't have to. Unlike big blocks which force every single person using Bitcoin at greater risk of centralization (maybe not at 2mb or 8mb, but people are already talking about 1gb blocks) without the option to opt out.
If someone doesn't trust LN or just doesn't want to use it, they can just continue using Bitcoin like they always have, but for people like myself who don't really care if my coffee purchase, or trip to the grocery store is recorded on chain, it affords a cheaper and faster option for certain transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:02:44
How are these generations broken down? What differentiates 1st from 2nd, and 2nd from 3rd? Also, which coins specifically can scale on chain with low fees? The two biggest alternatives I'm aware of are Eth's proof of stake, which isn't implemented yet, and Iota's tangle, which is far from ready for wide spread adoption from what I understand.
If you're aware of a coin currently ready to scale to a global currency, I'd be incredibly interested to know what it is.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:11:28
Energy consumption isn't a problem really, it's just the latest thing Bitcoin opponents complain about. How much energy and lost productivity do you think we see worldwide because of Netflix. Millions of people wasting energy running their TVs, sitting around doing nothing. So let's ban Netflix for the good of society, right?
We have markets to establish prices for energy, and as long as someone is willing to pay the price, it doesn't matter if someone else thinks what they're using the energy for is wasteful. I would argue a global, decentralized, open, immutable payment network provides more utility than a service like Netflix, because Netflix literally wastes energy and time simply for entertainment. I obviously would never argue people shouldn't be allowed to waste their time and energy on Netflix and I expect the same courtesy in return. We don't want to go down the road where everyone needs to justify the use of electricity, because each individual has different opinions on what is wasteful or not.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:18:58
Google is also currently valued at about four times the market cap of Bitcoin, so I suppose that makes sense. Google is a finished, albetit progressing product, where as major aspects of Bitcoin are still in development. Give it a few years.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:03:17
Does anyone have a good source for anyone interested in toying around with LN? Like a good guide that breaks down configuring a node as close to ELI5 style as possible?
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:21:35
Ok, for a real answer, although I don't necessarily agree with it, is that the Fed needs to maintain some degree of secrecy since their decisions can wildly affect markets. It's the whole buy the rumor, sell the news mentality. The Fed is supposed to be an outside actor guiding the economic goals of our nation (namely employment, price stability and inflation) however, due to their power to alter markets they themselves have become a variable in the equation.
So the automonous nature of the Fed is to limit the impact they have on markets, which I would argue has been a failure, but an understandable goal. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:12:41
One of the wealthiest early adopters, who has been a BTC proponent since it was unknown to most people, and who continually exerts effort to provide valuable services like Shapeshift, is irrelevant? This hard on some BTC maximalists have for hating Erik is sad. Dude has done more for Bitcoin than 99% of the people in this sub, and while I don't agree with him on everything (namely his support for 2x) he isn't the enemy.
@_date: 2018-08-15 01:21:26
I dont know that I agree, but I think their point is that saying the blockchain is useful while bitcoin is not is like saying tcp/ip is useful while the internet is not. It's an analogy Andreas has used on occasion. They were sarcasticly implying they want to invest in tcp/ip instead of the internet.
@_date: 2018-05-26 03:13:21
They can't cancel the existence of segwit, but users could essentially cancel it by simply not using it. Unlike a blocksize increase, segwit didn't force anyone into a new set of rules, it simply provided a new option. If a user thinks segwit is horrible for some reason or another, they're free to simply keep using Bitcoin without utilizing segwit.
@_date: 2019-11-06 16:28:20
While it's just a proposal now, I think optimizations like erlay are pretty exciting. If I understand erlay correctly, it should drastically reduce the bandwidth requirements for nodes, with fairly moderate performance trade offs. This provides relief in what I understand to be the biggest bottle neck in running nodes, while also being optional so industry players can still favor performance over reduced hardware/bandwidth requirements.
Optimizations that make the network run more efficiently aren't necessarily sexy right away, but they're important in the long run. This probably isn't a popular opinion among most btc proponents, but stuff like erlay make me a lot less hostile to the idea that we may have to revisit the blocksize debate down the road.
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:57:31
This community should really stop eating their young when it comes to people like Erik. I obviously don't know the guy, but he strikes me as the type of guy who supported 2X more from a pragmatic standpoint than an ideological one. Dude has been strong proponent of BTC since the early days and shouldn't be treated like a paraiah over an old disagreement on the best path forward. I didnt support 2X, but it isn't like Erik is out there planning the hostile downfall of Bitcoin, or trying to scam people like Ver. Aside from the 2X disagreement, he's done nothing but provide utility and act as a sound advocate for Bitcoin.
That being said, and since I know Erik occasionally lurks here, wtf is up with keepkey? That shit has been a huge disappointment. I bought one, and would have bought more (back ups, friends, family, etc) had there been even a hint of progress, but instead Ledger got my business.  No segwit, forever to release updates associated with forks, buggy UI, ridiculous unadjustable fees... That shit is a mess.
@_date: 2019-06-21 23:35:38
First Bitcoin related use of it that I saw was on Bitcoinity for the initial breaking of 4k.
@_date: 2017-11-20 18:57:32
Here is my guess on the blockstream thing...
I think blockstream is going to operate as consultants onboarding companies and organizations, and will understandably charge a fee for their service. Think about the technical aspects of all this crypto stuff, and the liability companies face when dealing with customer funds. Pretty much every company I've ever worked with would much rather contract technical work like this out to expert, because it saves them time, and they don't have to hire people to do it in house.
I personally don't see any issue with blockstream profiting by being expert consultants to large organizations looking to get into Bitcoin, but without wanting to become experts in it themselves. If they patent technology and charge for it's use, or set themselves up as some sort of gatekeepers to LN, then I'd agree with the BTC trolls to some extent, but if all their doing is selling their expertise to organizations looking to hire expert consultants, I see no moral issue there. They gotta get paid some how.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:04:45
I think this can be explained in the same way it can for any business sacrificing immediate profit for good PR. Yes, miners are incentivized to mine the most profitable chain, but as this post highlights, Slushpool was able to gain good will with the community by sacrificing profits for a short period of time.
I have no idea how much more Slush could have made mining BCH, but I can't imagine it is all that much, $10k? $20k? In return they have the appreciation of a large segment of the community. Seems like it could be money well spent.
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:22:08
I can't comment on Gemini since they've been "coming soon" to my state for like a year now, so I've never had them. GDAX is great though if you only want to get BTC, LTC or ETH. Limit orders are free, and they cover the transfer fees to get your funds off the exchange. Can't really ask for more than that imo.
Some people don't like coinbase/gdax over ideological crypto drama stuff (e.g. them signing NYA), but I honestly think they took a fairly neutral approach, and try not to let Reddit drama influence my business/money decisions. GDAX has always provided solid service, so they've got my business for now.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:10:00
Do you regularly have to provide identification to buy coffee, books, gas, and food? I buy that shit anonymously every day with cash, why could 't I do the same with bitcoin? It isn't like the barista requires finger prints, a DNA sample, and two forms of ID before giving you a cup of coffee.
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:00:34
Use GDAX. Takes 5 minutes of watching a YouTube video to figure it out, then you can set your own price with a limit order for free and leave it open until the order is filled. Or just take the market price at a fee much lower than coinbase.
In case you were unaware, coinbase and gdax are the same company, and if you have a coinbase account, you also automatically have a gdax account. Just use the same login info on GDAX.com. Basically the exact same thing, except your rewarded with much lower fees for spending 5 minutes to figure out how GDAX works.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:35:02
Yes, you'd obviously need to find someone to accept it, but it could be done. There are a lot of factors to consider with those questions though. Are you using a device with identifiers associated to you like a cell phone? Are you using a cell tower or open wifi? Are you spending from a single account, or do you segregate your funds in various addresses for various purposes?
It is possible, but would obviously take some preparation and technical knowledge. Using Bitcoin not linked to you, on a device not linked to you, using a connection not linked to you, is possible, most people just don't care enough about that level of privacy.
Honestly, now that I think about it I'm making some assumptions as well, such as the ability of a third party to see device identifiers associated with transactions. I'm not even sure if that information is stored anywhere or easily accessible, but assuming it is, it still would be possible for someone with a little technical knowledge to make a transaction virtually impossible to track back to them.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:16:10
Thought that movie was pretty mediocre on the whole, but that scene was amazing. 
Feldheimer: He was trying to board a flight to Venezuela. We had his name on a hot list, the CB people pulled him in. Don't know why he was going to Venezuela.
Superior: You don't know?
Feldheimer: No sir.
Superior: We have no extradition with Venezuela.
Feldheimer: Oh. So what should we do with him?
Superior: For fucks sake, put him on the next flight to Venezuela!
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:32:32
I'm doing nothing of the sort. Something like 90% of my crypto is BTC, and I currently own zero BCH. Pretty sure my post history will back up the fact I'm largely a Core supporter. I just think this is childish and petty. I also think it is counter-productive. A lot of people in the other sub feed off this shit (and apparently a few in this sub too).
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:47:58
I think a further distinction can be make between how it was acquired. Purchasing it is obviously different than simply acquiring it freely, since one directly supports the criminal distribution, and indirectly supports an industry of production. I've never searched it out, but like all porn I have to believe there is free CP out there, and I don't think there is any inherent harm caused by some pedo simply viewing it. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:08:37
Those are technically not what most people mean when they talk about wallets. Those are all more exchanges. Exchange wise I think they're all pretty similar, although I personally like GDAX. Bittrex is probably the best if you want to get into altcoins.
As for wallets, I think using paper wallets to start with it a good choice, because it is the most basic way to store BTC. You see the public and private keys, and the process is less abstract than most other wallets. As far as software wallets go, I can only really recommend Electrum because it is the only one I've used significantly. Ultimately, the most secure and best wallet option is a hardware wallet. Trezor, Ledger, and Keepkey are the three big ones, although I'm beginning to lose faith in Keepkey's development progress (or lack there of). These hardware wallets run close to $100, so you'll need to decide for yourself whether the coins your storing warrant that sort of security investment.
If you're just talking realtively small amounts (under $1000), and don't want to bother with all the technical stuff, storing on coinbase is probably your best option. Keep in mind it still isn't what I'd consider a good option, but coinbase/gdax (same company) is about as legit as they come, and I'd be amazed if regulators we're all up in their shit confirming they're solvent. Storing in a way where you control your own keys is the best, but storing on coinbase is probably the best custodial option out there.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:20:48
Shit like this is why the FBI always goes after pedos when they want to attack encryption or cryptocurrencies. "Its used by pedophiles! Think of the Children!" And idiots like you eat it up because it lets you take the moral high ground, while silencing rational discussion.
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:51:05
Even if it was the Model T, why would that be a bad thing? Ford sold 16.5 million Model Ts, and it is considered by many to be the most influential automobile of the 20th century. It provided inexpensive transportation to the masses and revolutionized personal transportation. It was the first global car and was in production for almost 20 years. Sounds pretty successful to me.
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:50:14
Ya, GDAX is solid for buying imo. I think GDAX and coinbase storage are pretty much the same, but if you're extra concerned you can always transfer from gdax to coinbase (free) and store them in that Coinbase vault wallet they provide. I've never used it, but I think it provides an additional approval to move funds, so it's more safe if your account got compromised or something.
Like I said, I think coinbase/gdax is probably your best option if you want to allow someone else to hold your coins like a bank (custodial account). Gemini is probably legit too since they're pretty huge and US based, I just can't speak to their service since I've never used it.
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:42:09
I was personally opposed to 2X not because of the blocksize, but because I disagreed with the fire Core strategy. Why would we want to fire the volunteer development team who works for free and has provided steadfast stewardship over the code for years? If they abuse their position as developers to create a niche for their own personal interests, then I'll be the first to jump ship, but so far all we have is accusations, and the Core devs have not committed any acts I'd consider rising to the level of abuse.
I also think their reasoning for holding off on a blocksize increase makes sense, and do think we'll eventually see an increase once other scaling technologies mature. Ultimately I think we'll have a combination of on chain and off chain, but until L2 is ready for widespread spread adoption, I don't think we'll know what the optimal combination of those technologies will be.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:06:11
I don't mind ATH for significant thresholds, but we had like 8 different ATH posts for 8300 multiple days apart. We don't need a post when Bitfinix hits 8300, and another when GDAX hits 8300, and another when someone notices Bitfinix hit 8300 a day or two after it happened.
People are taking a fun, celebratory thing and ruining it with over saturation. It's like chocolate cake. Almost everyone loves chocolate cake, but if you ate it for 3 meals a day, every day, you'd be sick of it in no time. This is one of those more is less situations.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:57:20
Don't just point out the problem, be part of the solution. Invest in FitVitalik today!
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:41:49
What did this accomplish aside from validating the sort claims they make about this community in the other sub, and perpetuating this sort of behavior? Maybe a handful of people won't casually glance at one of the countless pieces of paper taped to something they pass every day? Surely a victory the likes we haven't seen since Cannae.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:59:56
Come on, this is childish and petty. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:58:52
You're correct on the limit order. Any order that is considered a "market maker" (e.g. a buy order below the current price, or a sell order above the current price) is free on GDAX. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:49:13
Depends on how much we're talking. Are you financially stable without your crypto holdings and looking to make regular trades? Then keeping some to trade with on an exchange makes sense, and the risk is minimal since you're not dependent on those funds. If we're talking five figures or more, I'd say it is a bad idea unless you're rich and day trade.
I personally never keep more than a small percentage (&lt;5%) of my holdings in an exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:16:24
What do you mean my Altcoin? As I said in another post, I hold zero BCH, and like 90% of my crypto is BTC. My post history will surely back up the fact that I'm largely a core supporter. Some of you people act like religious zealots accusing everyone who isn't as blindly fanatic as yourself of being heretics. Some of the rest of us are able to both support BTC, and call out shitty behavior when we see it.
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:17:25
My state has been "coming soon" for well over a year on Gemini, and it took me less than 15 minutes to get signed up in verified on Coinbase. So as much as I would have liked to try Gemini, after so much time I'll probably just stick with GDAX unless they give me a reason to leave.
Curious why Gemini inexplicably cannot serve states that Coinbase and many other exchanges already do though.
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:10:46
AFAIK there was no scheduled fork today. The fork isn't occurring until block 494,784, which is estimated to be mined in a little over two weeks. This is pretty common knowledge among people involved in Bitcoin, so I doubt this rise has anything to do with people expecting a fork today. It could be people getting in before the fork, but not because they expected one today, unless they were wildly misinformed and careless with their money.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:21:10
I really wanted to sign up with Bittrex, but when they requested I send them photo ID and a selfie, I decided to just stick with decentralized exchanges like changelly and shapeshift. I don't mind providing my info, but there are only so many hoops I'm willing to jump through, especially when all I wanted to do was crypto to crypto trading.
I really have no idea how they couldn't verify me with basic info anyway. I've got a pretty unique first/last name combination, and an abundance of public record. Coinbase had zero issues verifying me almost instantly with less information and I actually conduct USD to crypto transactions through them. Really a shame since they seem like the best exchange for a wide variety of cryptos, but I'm unlikely to use any service with more stringent information requirements than coinbase when other options exist.
I understand intense ID verification for transactions involving USD or other fiat currencies, but when you restrict crypto withdrawals without an enhanced verification, you lose my potential business.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:16:43
Distribution is different than possession. A single person owning the picture technically causes harm to no one. Obviously the creation and distribution do, and I think that is the key distinction Vitalik and that other poster were making.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:37:41
I disagree. I think it just validates and perpetuates this sort of behavior on both sides.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:43:18
I trust coinbase enough to keep some funds on GDAX, but I don't use it as my primary storage method. They're about as safe as they come as far as exchanges go, but will always be less secure than holding your own keys.
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:26:59
I used the dip to buy up some cheap DBZ memes. They're going to moon as we approach $9000. Biggest meme investment opportunity since the early days of Pepe. Don't miss out guys!
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:23:29
The price you put in is the price for a full Bitcoin. Then you also put in the amount you want to buy. The total at the bottom should combine the two figures and give you the price you'd pay.
For example, 0.1 for amount, $9500 for price, which would submit an order for 0.1 btc at $950. Always check the total before submitting. I've accidentally submitted an order for 10x the actual value, but was saved because I had insufficient funds. Really easy to do if you're not paying attention and accidentally throw the decimal in the wrong spot, or add an extra number.
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:29:35
No mention of China? This is bullish for BTC. You can't have FUD without China rumors OP. Rookie mistake.
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:51:37


What does entertainment contribute to society? On top of the wasted electricity, think of the sheer amount of wasted hours. How does sitting idle in front of a glowing screen advance society? Value is relative. 
This is where the second part of my post comes in - do you want to live in a society where others get to decide the value of how you choose to consume electricity, or do you think you should be free to consume it however you please within the market framework we've developed?
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:24:41
Netflix uses over 1/3rd of global bandwidth during peak hours. With all the server farms, monitors, and TVs involved in viewing Netflix, does the entertainment provided by a single service warrant the expenditure? How does that benefit humanity?
In the grander sense, do you want to live in a society where others decide the relative value of how you choose to consume electricity, or do you think you should get to decide that for yourself? 
@_date: 2018-03-23 18:09:35


Keep in mind I was simply using Netflix as an example. I personally like having a drink with friends, or reading a book, or gardening. Not sure why my claim that watching Netflix consumes a wasteful amount of energy and produces nothing of value leads you to believe I'm not rational.
I was simply replying to your claim that Bitcoin does not warrant its energy consumption by giving you another example of a service that arguably does not warrant its energy consumption to highlight how different people have different opinions on what constitutes a valid use of energy. That is why we have a system where I don't need to validate my energy consumption to you, and you don't need to validate your energy consumption to me. We're both free to consume energy as we please, so long as we're willing to pay for it. I believe this is the best way to run a society, but if you want to start passing judgement on the thing I believe warrant energy consumption, its only fair that I get to do the same in regard to the thing you believe do.
@_date: 2018-02-27 08:34:38
I'm still on the Nick Szabo wagon as the original Satoshi, probably with other people contributing later so the moniker became more of a group effort. Way too many similarities between Bitgold and Bitcoin. Szabo had clearly already recognized the problem Bitcoin sought to remedy, and was working on a very similar project. He also seems like the kind of guy to recognize a figure head for a project like Bitcoin could eventually become a weapon that could be used against it, so launching the project he was working on (Bitgold) without first dissociating himself from it would be a fatal flaw.
Hal was definitely one of the most significant contributors, and probably should be viewed in a similar light as Satoshi, but I just don't think he is the most likely candidate. Even for a cypherpunk, the amount of deception and hoops he'd have to jump through to keep up the charade of pretending to be two of the most influential contributors seems like it would be almost impossible. Way easier to take a back seat role under your real identity, and take a leadership role under a pseudonym.
There is a lot of other circumstantial evidence supporting Szabo as the most likely candidate as well. East coast time zone matches Satoshi posting history (assuming a semi normal sleep schedule), working on almost identical project, cryptographic background, NS = SN (admittedly kind of silly), etc.
@_date: 2018-02-12 03:35:53
Isnt VOIP pretty huge today? Pretty sure that's how WhatsApp calls work. We used VOIP for the unsecure comms in Iraq in the military. My previous employer was transitioning to VOIP when I left (at least 10,000 employees). I don't see how VOIP is a failed technology. It is bigger than it has ever been.
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:09:16
I can't blame an old guy like Ron too much for taking awhile to come around, especially since he was primarily a) a politician and b) all but retired by the time cryptocurrencies had entered the public perception, but my opinion of people like Doug Casey and Peter Schiff has changed drastically after seeing their response to cryptos. Those guys sell themselves as economic and financial consultants, yet their hostility towards crypto strikes me as being more motivated by their own business interests than a true misunderstanding of the economic factors behind it. At least it sounds like Doug is coming around, Schiff is still out there spreading FUD and clinging to his "maybe it will work if it is backed by gold" mantra.
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:46:48
AFAIK, the ledger is not susceptible to any attacks that other hardware wallets (Trezor, Keepkey, etc) are immune to. There is a known attack where new addresses generated on an infected computer can result in sending the funds to an address owned by the attacker, but this is only for newly generated addresses. Sending funds to an existing address you have confirmed as your own is still safe. The remedy to this is to ensure you own the address generated before sending any funds, or spin up a clean VM that you only use to interface with the ledger.
I have not personally heard of any successful attacks being carried on out using this method, and as far as I'm aware it has only been proven to be possible, but by no means wide spread.
@_date: 2018-02-06 07:45:03
Thankfully Bitcoin doesn't require permission from governments to exist. It certainly makes it easier, but I think we have more than enough examples to show us how effective government bans are at stopping people from using things (drugs, alcohol, etc).
@_date: 2019-01-26 16:24:04
Or just save them on multiple usb drives or sd cards using a veracrypt container. I have like 10 back ups of my keys. If they get stolen, they're worthless to the thief unless they know how to use veracrypt and can guess my password. The chances of a thief knowing what that file is, how to open it, and having the ability to crack my password is pretty damn slim imo.
@_date: 2018-03-23 21:48:21
Maybe people are repeating the same comments because this video presents the same criticisms we've been hearing for quite awhile, while failing to acknowledge on-going developments that address those criticisms? The power consumption "problem" is not viewed as a problem, but a feature of the system, and no one disputes that on-chain transactions cannot scale to the level necessary for a currency, which is why multiple L2 and L3 solutions are in the works.
What sort of reception where you expecting? This video is clearly intended for people not familiar with Bitcoin and offers very little new perspective to anyone that frequents this sub.
@_date: 2018-02-06 11:10:22
Because some people are petty assholes who find joy in the misfortune of others. They rationalize it to themselves with a variety of excuses as to why the people deserve it, but ultimately they're just dropping the facade and showing everyone that they're shitty people.
@_date: 2018-02-01 01:55:30
I'm waiting until we see the head-shoulders-knees-&amp;-toes pattern.
@_date: 2018-02-06 11:35:23
The worst part about it is the people hating on Bitcoin now will be the same people posting articles about how wealth is concentrated at the top because big investors got in first, despite them having ample opportunity to get in thenselves. Won't buy now because it is going down and too low, but also won't buy later because "I'll never be able to afford a full Bitcoin", yet they'll happily complain in both instances.
@_date: 2018-02-24 14:03:07
It was the first time I'd ever seen that gif used. I've seen it a lot since then, but pretty sure it's popularity started with bitcoinity using it for the first time BTC crossed 4000.
@_date: 2018-02-21 04:28:41
I can deal with McAfee, I can even put up with Ver since he at least has been involved with crypto for awhile, but how in the literal fuck is Tai Lopez an authority on fucking anything? Isn't he some YouTube scam artist who's greatest contribution to the world is spawning some hilarious parodies of his cringey videos?
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:03:07
"Lozenge" is the new term for 10 bitcoins. Kind of like how we have bits and satoshis. People in the 2.1 lozenge club know all about it.
@_date: 2017-10-20 20:10:39
I'd imagine there is a pretty big cross over between people interested in BTC and people concerned with privacy. Creating a new account every so often  is a good way to decentralized any personal information. I use a couple different accounts for different subs, and then just switch up accounts for general shit posting. No central point of failure since you never know what kind of psychos are out there. A member of this community did just get swatted.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:15:57
I believe Wladimir has been the de facto project leader for the past few years. Before that it was Gavin. Ultimately, I believe decisions are a collaborative effort, and individuals attempting to exert any sort of dictatorial control over direction have been ousted in the past (e.g. Gavin, although there are two sides to every story). Like with any large group, reaching any sort of consensus and implementing new changes is going to be difficult and time consuming, but that is the price you pay in a system built upon a foundation of decentralized authority.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:31:35
Maybe I'm in the minority here, but absolutely. Governing body should be based on the free and willing association of individuals. Obviously the Confederates had some shit wrong with slavery, but in the modern world that ethical issue isn't as relevant, and forced association against the will of individuals is the primary moral issue we're confronting.
Every argument I have seen in opposition to independence ultimately boils down to non-Catalans feeling their desire to keep Catalan as part of Spain superceded the autonomy of Catalan individuals. No one is entitled to dictate the degree of liberty an individual has in regard to self determination; not the Union government in regard to southern states, not Confederates in regard to their slaves, and not the Spanish in regard to Catalan citizens.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:04:26
I could be completely wrong here as I don't personally know the guy, but every interview and presentation I've seen with Erik leads me to believe he isn't someone who would willing rely on anti-competitive and progress halting business practices. The dude is already more wealthy than I'm sure he ever imagined he would be, and has continually pursued new business venture that bring utility to the overall crypto community, so stifling progress to make a few more bucks, as opposed to encouraging innovation and simply starting a new venture, seems like it would be out of character for him.
That being said, I have no idea why he continues to support 2X. I understand his initial explanation that he was simply seeking a compromise to put an end to the scaling stalemate, and at the NYA that may have been true, but since then I think it is clear that the Core development group is by far a better choice than BTC1, so still supporting 2X makes no sense to me.
@_date: 2018-02-24 08:32:42
The 4000 bitcoinity gif is still my favorite, but this is definitely top 5.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:59:21
I got banned on another account for responding to a question specifically asking about Bitcoin buried deep in the comments. To be fair to the mods though, they were at least consistent. After I asked why responding to a question specifically asking about Bitcoin was considered pumping, they went back and deleted the whole comment chain.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:05:49
I have never made a BTC purchase larger than $500,  and most have been in the $200 range. By now I've made multiple purchases, but they all been relatively conservative and measured. You don't need to go all in on a single purchase. Spread it out. Cost average. Buy a little now, and maybe buy some more if you feel like it later. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:03:29
Can't speak to Exodus since I've never actually used it to store funds (did download it to check it out), but I prefer Electrum for wallet software. Exodus UI was clean, but Electrum just seemed easier to use for what I needed, which was splitting my BTC and BCH at the time.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:04:34
For me it ultimately comes down to who is going to develop Bitcoin after the fork. The Core group as developers has brought us this far, and while they aren't perfect, they are a known quantity. Who besides Garzik is going to work on the BTC1 code, especially now that Garzik is promoting his own different crypto?
Proponents of 2X like to talk about firing Core, but who is going to replace them? I haven't seen anyone provide an explanation or roadmap for future development without Core, so I'd rather throw my support behind a known development team with years of experience than a side who apparently hasn't thought much beyond removing the incumbent.
@_date: 2018-02-12 12:43:19
Pantera Capital really hasn't been the same since they split with Phil Anselmo Captial.
@_date: 2017-10-26 20:45:31
Easy, just tell them it is a reverse funnel system. Reverse funnel systems are legit.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:06:44
People are generally willing to help people understand complex issues related to Bitcoin here, but posting a question without doing any research is likely going to get you snarky responses. Spend 15 minutes on Google, and if you still don't understand it, at least you should be able to ask the question in a way that shows you at least tried to do your own research. 
Asking "what is a fork" here is like going to r/NFL and asking what a touchdown is, or r/politics and asking when the next Presidential election is.
@_date: 2017-10-31 21:01:02
Just because there are dozens of militaries in the world doesn't mean they are comparable to the US military. Bitcoin is kind of the same in the crypto world. There are over 1,200 cryptocurrencies, but if you add them all up, Bitcoin is currently just shy of 60% of the total value. Literally every other crypto combined is less value than Bitcoin. That may not always be, but for the moment it is a clear outlier in the world of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:41:56
You'r absolutely right, but the language I used was an intentional effort to preemptively avoid anyone trying to claim I was comparing the plight of Catalonians to that of slaves in the Confederate states. The fundamental principle is the same, but the application and severity of each situation is quite different, and this being reddit, there is always someone who wants to pick apart pieces of posts instead of addressing the meat of the issue. Obviously my attempt to avoid that failed, because by differentiating them with slightly different language I opened the door for your post. Fair play though, and you're not wrong.
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:56:03
This is incorrect afaik. The coin base reward from the genesis block are unique and unable to be moved. He could however sign a message using the keys associated with those coins to easily prove his identity. He could also move other early mined coins, or sign a message with the keys associated with those coins.
You're reasoning was correct, and I'm probably being a bit pedantic even correcting it, but I'm pretty sure the specific 50 coins rewarded for finding the genesis block cannot be moved.