@_author: efeex
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:12:47
2015 will be the year of Linux! 
@_date: 2014-04-28 01:54:34
Bioinformatician here, working on Breast Cancer research for an academic lab in the USA. 
1. Computer power differs from lab to lab. My college lab had a super computer that we could use, but I found that my i7 desktop would do the job in about 2 more hours for full scale, 1000x coverage RNA seq samples. In my opinion, peer-to-peer is really not needed, unless you are running 1,000s of samples. To be honest, in my work, alignment was the hardest part, which would take 1 or 2 days, depending on the coverage. For the actual cufflinks/CummeRbund analysis (which is where all the math and analysis comes in), it would take anywhere from 1-4 hours. These were on medium-large sized datasets, about 30Gb of raw text data. 
2. For RNA/DNA seq, the entire thing is automated. Once I get data from the sequencer, I can run up a script, have it aligned and analyzed, and even make pretty plots in R for me. [Blacktie]( for example, was made a redditor, and will mostly automate RNA-seq alignment and analysis. There are plenty of packages, like biojava and bioperl, cummerbund, and sashimiplot, that can do all the analysis and differential expression stuff for you. Its up to the bioinformatician to go ahead and figure out what is significant or not. 
3. This is the reason why I don't think this will work. In my lab, I've seen a couple of professors get funding taken away because they shared RNA/DNA seq data. HIPPA is a bitch. If a patient, or a lawyer, figures out that you are sharing any personal data (you don't get anymore personal than DNA or RNA), you will be in a world of trouble. I once had to share some data with another lab, in a different state. After HR got all the paperwork figured out, and the PIs managed to agree on who was the first author, I had to get a 500 GB HDD, pack it up, and send it via first-class, super secure shipping. The person on the other side didn't get the package until a week later, because USPS didn't release the package unless the PI would show state-issued ID to claim it personally. HIPPA is taken seriously. 
I can see the use of the OP's procedure for data like [TCGA's]( which is all public and free to use. Its worked for things like Folding However, for widespread, lab usage, I don't see this expanding anywhere. If I really wanted to, I could go to Amazon or Microsoft, borrow some computing power, and get the things going. I don't see how the OP's system would improve on this. I would rather trust Microsoft or Apple with my data, rather than some seedy Russian who is using botnets to make some profit. 
Maybe I am not the target audience for this system. I just saw bioinformatics and was interested. Maybe the datasets that I run are smaller than the target audience. The big users of our school's computing cluster are the aerospace guys, and maybe they would have a use for it. 
Another problem I see with the OP's system is that its parallel processing. Scientists SUCK at programming, let alone run things in parallel. Having more core does not mean that things will be done faster. Some problems do not scale well. The more cores you have, the more communication you have between the cores to divide up the workload. For example, 2 cores running (1-50) and (51-100) would probably be faster than 100 cores running a single number from 1-100 each. Why? Each of the 1 numbers would have to communicate with 99 other cores to tell everyone that they are done, and have the answer. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 01:12:06
The can exchange dollars for rubles at any bank. It's like 34 rubles per dollar currently. The QIWI stations are pretty awesome. For a fee of about 50 rubles ($1.75) you can pay anything, from your phone, water, or electricity bill, to court fees. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:55:11
I appreciate your response. 
I do agree that we will get an explosion of genetic data, and we will not be able to keep up in terms of analysis. We are extremely close to the $100 genome, and I can see in 10 years personalized medicine, where you go to the Doctor, get your DNA sequenced, and have the doctor figure out what proteins are overexpressed, and see what your body is trying to fight. 
With so much data, we will need better analysis. Data storage has dropped down dramatically. Processing power will also drop. However, to your benefit, you system will also scale with the increased processing power. 
For your data point, you are correct. Data is usually anonymized and released, or put in a repository, after a paper is released. My research is more in the translational side, so data is probably more protected. 
If you can take care of parallelization for me, I will support this project 100%. Its usually faster for me to run full human genomic alignment on a 2nd gen i7 on 6 cores than it is to fire up Minerva or any other MPP alignment tools out there. 
At the end of the day, it seems like a great tool for extreme number crunching. As mentioned in your thesis, the more people who join this "pool", the more people (and resources) in the market. At the end of the day, the market will stabilize. If this system is cheaper than other cloud services, and I need pure number crunching, I can see its use. 
As a user, if I can get paid to crunch all day, why not? I already run F for free. Why not get paid?  
I look forward to hearing updates about your project. I think it has lots of potential, but some major roadblocks. Hopefully you have better programmers than me! 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:09:47


Universal Electronic Cash
From 1991. Sounds a lot like Bitcoin. 
[Source to the paper](
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:31:47
$120? I hope you got it unlocked.
You can get a new 520/521 straight from the Windows Store for around $60. 
Anyways, its a good, cheap backup phone. 