@_author: effectx
@_date: 2015-02-27 15:02:28
Currently it is not publicly available. Outside of the FCC and a few other companies (Google) it hasn't been seen. It'll probably be another week at the most before it's released.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:25:53
Yes, comparing 2 completely different pieces of legislation with regulation is fair. 
That was sarcasm.
The Patriot Act was a mistake and purely caused by fear mongering.
The affordable health care act was a step in the right direction. It may not be affordable for everyone and it's far from perfect, but more Americans actually have healthcare now and that is most definitely a positive. It's the building block needed to get the US to the point where every american can get healthcare. 
The Net Neutrality concept put forward by the FCC provides much needed regulation on ISPs and their monopolies. The FCC have not gained the power to regulate and censor websites, which is a power the government has had for far longer than this "debate" has even been a thing. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:38:56
I don't know the full text sure, but it's highly unlikely that it's going to differ significantly from this 
The only evidence to suggest this isn't the case is fear mongering from politicians (also their unfortunately ignorant supporters) and the ISPs that line their pockets. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:35:14
Because it's quite literally common policy for documents being voted on to not be publicly available until after they've been voted on. The FCC and pretty much every other similar agency does this, it's not new and pretending it is is pure fear mongering. 
Is it the correct way to do things? No, I would much rather it be publicly available. But can understand why it hasn't changed for just one ruling. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:11:02
Not really.  Net neutrality needed to happen, and the most realistic way it was going to happen was through a title II reclassification to give it stable enough ground to defend itself from being sued by a ISP (again). 
Nevermind that some the record breaking amount of comments supporting Net Neutrality, and a survey by the University of Delaware that estimates [some 80% of Americans support Net Neutrality]( 
