@_author: eggdropsoap
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:27:39
So there's this thing that people do, where everyone gets together, participates, and contributes resources to make the whole work. We call that the Bitcoin network.
Oh wait, that's also government and the taxes used to make it go.
Personally, I like my taxes. But then, I have a functional government that actually benefits me directly, using my taxes to do things for me I couldn't on my own instead of screwing me over, so it's kinda like the Bitcoin network that way. If I was an unwilling participant in my government, then yeah, I could imagine resenting my taxes.
So, fix your government? Or move?
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:04:08
Ohhh... I guess I should stop manually degaussing my widescreen TV. I wondered where the rainbow colours went.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:42:41
Yeah, I think *you're* unclear on what a country is. It's imaginary, yes. It's still real. Lots of things that are imaginary are real, because they're treated that way. Tables, for example, are real, but also imaginary. They don't actually exist&amp;mdash;they're just a local concentration of certain electromagnetic and nuclear forces, 99.9999% empty space, which just so happens to repel via very strange force-at-a-distance effects any other local concentration of such forces, such as your hand or a cup of coffee. The only reason it seems "real" is because "a table" is a useful abstraction of what is actually going on, and the concept of "solid" is utterly falsely defined, but is an appropriate wrong-abstraction for the purposes of complex systems interacting with each other, like hands and tables.
I've probably lost you here. But let me say it another way: complex interacting systems *are* reality. There's no fundamental, "bottom" reality that isn't a complex interacting system. Go down into matter far enough, and you've just got weird interactions nobody understands. They average out at our level, and we can imagine that these things we experience are first-class citizens of reality, but they're not. They're just made up by our minds (also a complex interacting system, not a fundamental object that could be called "real" in the sense you're trying to use it) that are convenient for predicting how they behave when we interact with them. Galaxies, too, if you want to go the other way, are "solid" to each other and smash up beautifully when they collide. And yet, the actual physics is that a bunch of stars just kind of slide past each other. It's only "solid" at the level of galactic interactions. It's an illusion. But it's a real illusion.
So countries, those are also complex systems that interact with other complex systems. Are they real? Yeah, as real as you are. You can define them however you want, but it's just going to keep on chugging along and ignoring your definition in favour of actually *being* its own definition.
And you also appear to be looking at this from a very isolated, individual, internal perspective. Countries aren't actually very *important* internally. They're super-important externally though. Just like, your whole body is actually kind of not important to your individual cells, and they don't really care about you, as a person. But your individual body damn straight cares about other individual bodies and what they might do. Your cells? Your pancreas doesn't give a fuck if a few cells on the end of a bee's stinger inconveniences a few cells in your thumb. That's something that only *you*, the individual collection of cells, cares about.
Same with countries. You might not really appreciate the existence of a country and its system-in-motion objectives, the same way a single blood cell is just living its life and doesn't care about traffic or whether you're drinking good coffee or shitty coffee. But you do care. And the country does care about its interests, even if you can't rightly comprehend even its existence. It is, just as much as you are, a complex organism that has self-preservation on its mind.
So no, you can't just define a country as simply a bunch of individuals. It has a reality that superimposes itself on those bunch of individuals, uses them to instantiate its existence as a singular entity, just like you do.
@_date: 2014-01-31 05:47:00
Protip: when trolling someone, you should never say something that could be repeated right back at you and have it stick. It's a pretty weak effort.
@_date: 2014-01-30 21:33:09


Power, wealth, and a letter of writ from a powerful nation? Those aren't something a small number of people can offer, even with Bitcoin backing them. The deals that a nation can offer are *astronomical*. If, as you posit, it is a matter of the very survival of nations, they will spare no expense. There is no other merely financial deal that will be better.


I think your specific experience with governments might, somewhat, colour your view of governments in general. If you've had direct experience of *many* governments then nevermind; but if you've only experienced one, then you might be surprised at just how much some people consider their government to be good.


Some states are not only better on a spectrum, but fundamentally better in kind. Look up the anarchist history of the founding of Iceland, for example: they're the kind of thing that you seem to be thinking of. And yet, they were also recognised as a nation (which is inevitable of any kind of "free zone" too).
Some states are better simply because they do what their people made them to do. They're a tool. When the tool serves, it is "good"; when it turns on its makers, it is "bad". That's all. Functional government is surprisingly lovely. Your assertion that governments are categorically evil (and the comparison to slavery) is simply assertion: you don't back it with facts or argument, and it very much sounds like the result of personal bad-touch from a government.
@_date: 2014-01-27 05:45:29
Oops, yes, I missed the sarcasm.
So we agree, +1, would buy again. ;)
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:09:21
I don't actually find that implausible. I do find that a *naive* formulation of how it might work, though.
I mean, that sounds like something traditional governments would regard as existential threats. What stops them from sending a few cruise missiles in for fun? If they're *actually* non-governmental "free" zones, they have no international status or protection from national actors.
And where do you get the land? I can imagine a failed nation kind of collapsing and being taken over in fact by such a setup, maybe. But then the land has to be secured against foreign interests. Whoever holds that power will be regarded as the *de facto* continuation government by foreign powers (assuming they deign to recognise it at all instead of "cruise missile present"). And it only takes one foreign power having a strategic interest in recognising you as a government for lots of other powers to start acting that way, if only to play the power game that the first is motivated by. Foreign governments will start treating them like they have power over the other people in the "free" zone, and other powers treating you like that *does* give you a measure of power. Especially if they promise to send aid if you get in trouble (Edit: see also various foreign-backed dictatorships in history. Like Persia, or Argentina, or Cuba). What keeps the security co-op from turning into a junta like every other time in history the military has been the only power faction?
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:15:03
Interesting. I think you mistake where I'm going with this.
If the legitimacy of a particular thing is real, how can that be? You can't touch legitimacy. Its component parts are a bunch of individual ideas in a bunch of individual people's heads. It's imaginary, a mass hallucination. How can it be a real thing then if, as you say, putting a bunch of things together *can't* make a single new entity in addition to its component parts?
@_date: 2014-02-01 18:23:22
I think you forget where this came from. I asked how you pay for things a country needs but the individuals don't. The reply was that there is nothing a country needs that the individuals don't.
So I'm attempting to establish the concept that collections of things behave different than you might expect by just treating its component parts as individuals and analysing the individuals. For example, bodies. You can't predict the behaviour of a human being in, say, a difficult emotional situation by merely understanding the cells their body is made of. A human being needs validation and a sense of self-fulfillment, concepts that can't be derived from a thorough understanding of cells. Language and concepts are like that too, hence the attempt to blind you with the obvious example of the legitimacy of the concept of legitimacy, which by using you inherently admit has an existence, meaning, and power that is more than the mere bumping of air molecules or on-off patterns of pixels or the isolated hallucinations of meaning each individual's skull.
I'm arguing that countries are the same. Actually, that any complex organically-created system is the same, with existence and purpose that can't be understood by simply understanding its component parts. It's a statement that is blindingly obvious if someone isn't being stubborn to try to win the argument, because we're surrounded by blindingly obvious examples. You are treating all kinds of things in exactly the way I'm describing, except you're special-casing countries as not qualifying because you don't want to admit their existence and move on to more interesting conversation. There's a term for that: circular argument.
But that's okay. Here's a gold star. E for effort. You win! I'm not arguing for an audience or to actually convince you, I'm arguing to learn your position, and I feel like I've wrung as much useful understanding out of this stone as I can. So I win my objective, and you get to continue with the imperviousness. Maybe you also win your objective of preserving your worldview. S'cool, it's win-win then. If you ever want to understand the world around you more, think about this stuff a bit. It's super-interesting and makes a lot of things more comprehensible. Cheers.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:28:04
Yeah, the horse is not a sphere. If you want to simplify it down to a mantra that is ignorant of every reality it's embedded in, sure, taxes are stealing.
Now, if you are soverign&amp;mdash;an entity that is fully autonomous and answers to no-one&amp;mdash;then anyone taking your stuff is violating your soverignty. It's not stealing though, because stealing is a legal thing. Taking stuff that a sovereign isn't able to stop from being taken, isn't stealing. I know, hard to understand. We have an intuition that it's not ok, but who makes those rules of cooperation? Nobody, if you're autonomous. If it's just you against the world, then the world is against you.
So actually, you're a citizen. Do you like being a citizen? Because unless you're willing to renounce your citizenship and become a stateless person, you're agreeing to the system. You benefit from the system, you're giving *and* taking. You might own property, and that "ownership" is given force that goes beyond simply your ability to hold onto it, because you're a citizen. You can enter into contracts and expect them to be binding, because your citizenship grants you those protections.
So yeah, sure, consider taxes being stealing if you want. Refuse the benefits of the deal, renounce your citizenship, declare your personal autonomy, leave your home and anything you can't carry on your back behind, and reap the rewards of not paying taxes, if you want. People have done it.
Just don't tell me you think taxes are stealing while you're eating the cake too. You can have it, or eat it, but not both.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:47:45
You're positing something symmetrical that is asymmetrical. A free zone like that needs a critical mass to be able to do anything. But the loss of that many citizens from a traditional sovereign entity is a drop in the bucket. Any security force the free zone could afford would be trivially small compared to anything a threatened country could muster without any effort. And the financial resources means that your security force, a private company with responsibilities to its bottom line and shareholders, could be bought away with pocket change, wasting all the money you spent on it.
How is that supposed to ever get to a stable, safe configuration that can't be touched by a threatened country?
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:43:49
Wat. No.  :


@_date: 2014-01-30 06:44:24
I think you might be unclear on what a country does. How, for example, do a bunch of individuals pay for, say, a trade deficit? An aircraft carrier? A nation-wide highway maintenance program?
Organise somehow, I imagine. Make sure everyone pays their fair share, for what they use, I guess? Maybe some kind of central management and decision-making body. With a founding constitution or something, so that they know what they are and aren't supposed to do with everyone's trust.
Hm. Such a hard problem to solve.
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:32:56
Science says we suck at small decimal numbers. [Verizon demonstrates the point aptly.]( It's a cognitive processing thing. That's plenty to base a decision on.
So, the difference between 0.0000063 BTC and 0.00000063 BTC being non-obvious is a problem. Is it a problem worth solving by changing the common denomination unit? Maybe.
@_date: 2014-01-26 07:35:32
[Orb Drive]( rarer still!
@_date: 2014-01-27 16:17:34
To the contrary, BTC is the common denomination unit. Even if others are used often, BTC gets used more often because it's the base unit that everyone talks about.
Regardless, still only a "maybe". Dealing with the problem of zeroes can be handled in other ways.
@_date: 2014-01-25 21:09:19
[Put them in RAID.](
@_date: 2014-01-31 15:32:36
I'm sorry, I just can't take you seriously. It's like trying to have a serious discussion with somebody who's not wearing pants in public.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:58:21
Sounds like the entire system of corporations is evil then, by your definition.
But nevermind, I realise that will never fly with you. We've reached an impasse where no argument I consider sensible has traction, because out paradigms are incompatible. Cheers, and thank you for the very instructive argument.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:27:38
Magical land of Canada. You'd be amazed how many people actually *like* paying taxes here, where the government is useful.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:57:23
It's simple selection bias. You view the world through a perspective that, for reasons of evolution, make you more aware of certain systems (entities) than others. For convenience of mental processing.
But you're making the mistake that the systems that you see most clearly are the only systems that exist. Those systems aren't prominent because they have real prominence "out there", they have prominence in your head, false prominence, from an accident of your physiology and psychology.
If you're going to talk about "reality", you can't simply say "reality is what I see" when you know quite well that what you see is a heavily pre-processed projection of a reality that's far more complex.
So when you recognise that selection bias and consider what it implies, you notice that every complex interacting system has equal reality. Unless you want to redefine "reality" to be uselessly subjective.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:01:58
A series of magnets, even! It isn't a big truck.
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:56:15
It's easy only if you beg the question by insisting that reductionism is correct; but if you insist on that assumption, your question becomes merely rhetorical.
If you don't presume the answer is reductionist, then yes, it's actually quite hard to define a country. If that isn't self-evident, then I'm not sure what common ground we have to even discuss it; you'd maybe benefit from learning the concept of [supervenience]( to gain some kind of framework for understanding how big things are composed of smaller things.
So I guess this is a dead end. Welp, I've found it informative, thank you.
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:59:35
I find it interesting that you think a mutually-agreed arrangement between two people can make one an agent of evil but not the other. Why do these companies not share the blame?
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:43:54
The definition of "bubble" has nothing to do with the number of users, buddy. Point in fact, a bubble (if it's a real bubble) gets *worse* the more people are involved, not better.
A bubble is an unsustainable market price, often impossible to identify until after a price crash ends (and thus identifies) the bubble.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:36:47
Very nice. Assume the horse is a sphere, and your logic is flawless.
The horse isn't a sphere.
Here's a different logical construction:
1. Taxes pay for a government that is recognisable by foreign powers that have force at their disposal.
2. "Enforcing taxes bad"
3. Taxes go poof somehow.
4. Government stops existing.
5. Foreign powers move into the power vacuum.
6. Enjoy being invaded?
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:25:32
Gee, sorry your country sucks ass. Mine is useful. And yeah, I could move elsewhere if I didn't like it.
I'm saying your problem is with your government, not with the concept of taxes. Try living without tax-paid infrastructure. No roads, no water, no electricity... no Bitcoins. It'd suck.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:30:53
It's true. But Bitcoin doesn't have a monopoly. When it does, not playing by the rules won't be an option either.
Point is, both were created the same way: people got together and declared independence and started working together to keep it that way. That's especially true if that someone happens to be American, where not long ago they kicked out their government for being jerkholes and made their own country, voluntarily.
So they're pretty much the same, but in different stages of evolution. In both, original voluntary participation had awesome benefits.
So if the country doesn't offer awesome benefits anymore, somewhere along the line people failed to keep it awesome. That's not the *taxes'* fault, that's the country not being useful anymore. Just like if Bitcoin became a monopoly and then was captured by 51+% by one player, it would stop serving its users too.
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:00:36
So when your local area is running low on electricity generation, and the best fix turns out to be a large capital project like a $1 billion hydro dam, you're sure that all your neighbours are going to pitch in to make that happen, rather than try to skimp and hope others pay for it?
And even if everyone is committed with their voluntary donation, when someone else says that you could spend a tenth as much and get a pile of smaller coal-fired plants to sorta solve the problem well enough, you're saying every single person will make the same rational deliberation and agree on which one to fund?
Or do you think maybe they'll disagree, and waste money going in to opposite directions and fail to fund both?
And what about picking one person to fly halfway around the world to some kind of treaty conference where other nations are deciding on how to divide up the fishing rights off your shores? You going to volunteer money for that too? (Who's going to decide who goes?)
You seriously think it would work to have every single line item of spending that the country currently does come across the desk of every single person in the country? Are you going to volunteer *extra* money for the people who organise the dissemination of that information so that you can all redundantly decide what to fund?
Do you think many things will actually get funded? What happens when you fall short because someone's riding on your coattails?
Some of these things are solvable, but all of them? Really, have you actually thought hard about this? Or is it just a knee-jerk "taxes are stealing!" without much thought behind it?
But all that aside, this has been highly informative. I have a better idea of the substance of anti-tax philosophies than I started with, for what that's worth.
@_date: 2014-01-25 20:49:36
The comment above you isn't talking about the GUI toolkit.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:54:41
You missed it: a complex organic system interacting with other such, composed of people but also singular.
You maybe don't care for my definition or see why it's accurate and complete, but that doesn't mean I haven't given a definition. I thought your question meant that you disagreed with it, but I was mistaken I guess. You didn't understand it?
@_date: 2014-01-25 20:35:59
By "too big to fail" I think you mean "big enough to succeed". (As points out, "too big to fail" means something completely different and actually bad.)
@_date: 2014-01-26 07:30:22
Worth noting that monitors are generally no longer giant magnets, since flatscreens don't shoot deflected electron beams at your face like CRTs.
@_date: 2014-01-30 04:18:20


Not you, your country. If a landmass the size of the continental United States suddenly became a non-governmental entity, it would be, by international law, free hunting season on your land. A loose collection of volunteers doesn't get the privilege of having land borders. Those are granted to governments, by the privileges devolved down the centuries from feudalism &amp;c to current-day governments, transformed by various international agreements about how the national actors would recognise each other. You can't just "opt out" of having a government; at the very least, the other nations would impose one on you (if they were being nice).
So again, when you say taxes are stealing and they should be abolished, are you really sure you've got a solid grounding in what the consequences of that are? Because you're demonstrating a complete lack of understanding of the point of government.


... Have you never travelled outside of your home country? Pieces of paper are kinda necessary, and it's not because they consider you a criminal or even a potential criminal. It's because you're not a citizen, you have no status in their country without a government standing behind you (unless you're a refugee, but even then that's a crap status), so they need proof of who is ultimately responsible for you (and who they have to worry about pissing off if they mess with you). Passports need to be backed by a government for that reason. If you don't have a passport, you can't travel internationally. This is not a thing I believe is important, it's a fact about the world outside your borders. (You can travel domestically of course, but that's a different thing than I said.)


Really. So, I take it you have zero grounding in history too. I suppose that shouldn't be a surprise, since that's important for understanding why governments exist.
Wars. Why wars happen. That's a book. An entire library, even. I could give you an example, maybe?
Are you at all familiar with the history of the German diaspora? No? Okay then. So back before Germany existed, in that territory there were a bunch of feudal lords, right. And they had subjects, German subjects. Except back then, land changed hands a lot, because it was distributed among the rulers in a complicated dynastic scheme that only loosely conformed to anything we recognise as "nations" today. So one day, your average Polish peasant or city-dweller suddenly gets a new lord, who by some accident of birth and precedent happens to be German. And lo, the German lord is a dick and starts expelling non-Polish peasants and such because he wants to give it to Germans. But that's okay with a lot of people, because a lot of them are already ethnically German: they just kinda wandered this way, because fuck borders, borders are only a thing that is relevant to distributing titles to lords anyway and not something that prevents normal people from walking around and living, so long as they give their dues to the local lord.
And then it changes hands a few times and you've got an inflection point in history, and then Poland as a "nation" suddenly exists where once there was only Poland the personal vassals and domain of a king who happens to have inherited a bunch of titles that let him rule that stuff. But there are all these Germans. And the whole nation thing, well suddenly they're not cool about being on the wrong side of the border. And Germany would really like that "ancestral" land back, especially since it's got a bunch of ethnically German people on it. And hey, lookit, *maps suck* and we're not even sure where the border is. So there's this one town with a lot of salt mines that are massively valuable, it's right near the border, no-one is sure where the border actually is, and there are a lot of Germans in this place that Poland is saying is theirs.
Then Germany sends soldiers into Poland to reclaim what's theirs. And Poland has got allies in Lithuania, so *they* send soldiers in. And then Russia is all like, hey Lithuania, you know that place called the Ukraine that we used to rule like 300 years ago? And you took from us in a succession crisis? We notice you're all fucked up in a war over there on your opposite border and you don't have many soldiers left... give us the Ukraine, Ok? No? Well then, what do you think about these soldiers. And then Austria is like, heyyy, Germany, we should unite, because we're both German, you're looking kinda worn out and vulnerable from this war, and one unified German state, right? No? Fuck you, soldiers. And hey Hungary, you're our ally. You don't want to make us mad and break the alliance, right, because those Ottoman Turks would screw you up bad if we didn't have our combined might against them, so you'll totally help us, right?
So war, yeah. If you have to ask why wars happen, you haven't been paying attention.
@_date: 2014-01-30 04:26:49
Contrary to popular belief, Canada isn't really cold, not where most people actually live. Me, personally, I live in a rainforest. We saw snow once this winter. Think Seattle.
But coming from Flordia, yeah, even here would be cold. :)
(edit: fix broken words)
@_date: 2014-01-31 15:38:07
I'm glad you mentioned legitimacy (I didn't, it's not what's being discussed), it's an excellent example and I hope maybe I can point out how you just contradicted yourself by using it.
You use the word legitimacy as if the concept is a real thing. Do you think legitimacy is a real thing something can have?
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:46:15
I see where you're coming from. I do actually admire anarchy. The early Icelandic government form is kinda a utopia to my mind. But how it fell is also an instructive example of how anarchies are vulnerable to subordination by external centralised governments. Iceland worked because it was isolated, and stopped working when technology overcame the isolation.
Ironically, I think anarchy won't work again until technology advances some more. I don't think it is pragmatically possible yet, since we don't have the automation tools to take over the functions of government yet and distribute them to the people effectively without creating massive overhead. The inner functions of government, we're fairly close to I think. I suspect that's why these people I've been arguing think it's possible now or soon to be free of government and taxes, because we do have deliberative and distribution technology for information and wealth necessary to run the internal affairs of a country. It would be incredibly rocky, but I think it'd be possible now. A little later might be smoother.
But I don't think we have the tools to take over the external functions of government. The same vulnerability Iceland experienced, an anarchy would still have now: no diplomatic corps to present a unified face to foreign powers, no army to guarantee its security from foreign powers, no means of making alliances and securing rights and obligations on the international stage. An anarchy now lacks these, not because it couldn't internally organise committees to take care of this, but because a system has not yet been discovered or even conceived that could ensure their ability to do their job (diplomacy, military) while also ensure their loyalty to the anarchy when they're offered unimaginable (traditional) wealth and comfort for life for defection by foreign powers with deep pockets.
So anarchy is admirable in that it's the ultimate devolution of rule-by-might down to the individual, which has been slowly happening down through the ages from despotism to feudalism to bureaucratic monarchies to republic and parliamentary states. We just don't have the tools yet to get there. When it happens though, I expect war to follow, just like every other transition. The old powers won't go quietly, and the new order will need to put them down or at least prove their own integrity. I don't see that being a capability of anarchies in the next 20 years.
But I'm willing to be surprised. :) We are terrible at predicting disruptive technologies.
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:58:58
Yeah, if you don't understand that quote, we don't have language in common to discuss this. You reject that a country has a meaningful existence in addition to what it's composed of, and you reject a conceptual framework for discussing even the possibility that it might.
Good luck with your efforts to not pay taxes. You seem very well versed in the intricacies of the issues, you should be just fine… /s
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:31:04


No, that's an excellent rebuttal. I'll accept that.
But now tell me this: if taxes are stealing, I'm going to guess that you think you shouldn't pay taxes. And unless you're just looking for special snowflake status, that means you don't think anyone else should pay taxes.
How then do you pay for things that individuals don't need, but the country does?
(I'm assuming you're not anarchist here, because if you are, then you've already got a good answer to that.)
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:38:17
Equally easy? Uh, maybe try reading that out loud:


That is actually harder to say (and harder to say *correctly*) than


Being able to sniff-check a total that a till-peon quotes you for your groceries without thinking about it is essential to a currency being viable for more than toy purposes. If you have to check orders of magnitude every time, and carefully track how many leading zeroes someone is saying, the possibility of error vastly increases. There is a reason *no* fiat currency deals in anything smaller than .01 of the base unit in regular use.
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:00:41
No, I'm asking if you've actually thought this through and contemplated what "nobody pays taxes" actually means.
So, you have no budget for diplomats. Who goes to the UN? I mean, maybe you hate the UN, but I hope you have some familiarity with international relations, maybe? So if you haven't got a diplomatic corps, you've got no international relations. You've also got not international *standing*, as in, the recognised right to exist. Because your country is a non-entity if it doesn't have international relations. You can't negotiate peace, you can't hold treaties, you don't get passports. Citizens can't travel internationally. Companies can't operate internationally. To everyone else, the country just becomes a pile of people without citizenship. Historically, those people get a raw deal, cause they have almost no rights.
Sure, maybe you could fun a private company to be the official diplomatic corps. Contract it out. (Assume for a minute that, somehow, with a lack of taxes, there is any entity with the authority to *offer* a contract to a private company for this service.) Would such a private company be trustworthy with the diplomatic relations and negotiations? Does the profit motive of a company make it align with the political motives of the country they're representing?
Okay, so a volunteer-funded army. How much are you willing to pay for that? You're aware that the current army of the United States costs more than the sum of private taxes right? (I mean, that's a problem in itself, but let's take it as given for a moment: the army as currently consisted is expensive as all hell.)
So then, someone needs to have authority to take loans and trade deficit from other countries to pay for the army (like is done now)... Who does that? Is that a job that's volunteer-funded too?
Do you even know what a government does?
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:45:23


Drone strike? Those are already being used against nationals, nevermind stateless people.


It's not just the company you have to account for though, it's the integrity of individual members. Suborn just one key person in the organisation and you no longer have security, you have the illusion of security.
And besides, independent security companies already take "a shady deal from liars and murderers". The US is a huge employer of private military-grade security companies. You'd have to completely change their minds about who is worth being buddies with, and until then it would be trivial for the US to make that deal with them since it's already made.
Hell, the threatened country would probably encourage their tame mercenaries to offer their services to a free zone they wanted to destroy/control (same thing). Then they effectively own it, but covertly, and could destroy it at leisure.
And then you'd have to find the land. Whoever had that land before, they'd have a very vested interest in wiping out the free zone with prejudice. And every other country would be in support, because they don't want a precedent of people just taking land away from them. The only exception to that support would be if a powerful nation decided that it was in their best interest to ally with the free zone and guarantee it's "freedom", but that makes it a vassal-overlord relationship, a protectorate like Puerto Rico is.
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:40:00
Ah, okay, so you *are* making an argument from the axiom that taxes are theft. That's informative, that puts some things I was wondering to rest.
So here's a thing: you take that statement as an axiom, but I don't. I'm looking at the pragmatic problem of how to organise society intersected with the current state of affairs and the history that got is here. And here's what I think is the key difference behind why I don't see an axiom and you do: I don't pay taxes to the IRS, so I don't resent them. I pay taxes to the Canadian Revenue Agency. And overall, we have a fairly simple and sane tax system that doesn't screw us over. It actually looks like a pretty reasonable collection system. Hell, it's simple enough that I can do my taxes with a pencil in a few dozen minutes. And what our government uses that for is, on the whole, stuff we're pretty pleased with.
So I have to wonder: is it *axiomatic* that taxes are stealing? Is it *a priori*, as you maintain? Or is it experiential, an accident of the specific abuses and injustices in the history of one specific nation?
I wonder, because when I look at the developed nations of the world, only one has generated a "taxes are stealing" group of people. It's just not a phenomenon elsewhere. That's suggestive.
@_date: 2014-01-31 04:55:30
Actually, you're going the wrong way with your slam-dunk of an example. A beach is composed of sand is what Krackor is saying, I'm saying yes, it's also a beach. It's both. And a beach as a whole can do things sand, stripped of its beach-ness, can't, like effectively advertise for a Cancun cruise.
Also, your username is the mark of a fear-mongering asshole, so helping someone with an anti-power-monger argument isn't really a thing you're equipped to do credibly.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:52:20
I'm saying you've got a logic flaw in your head. You're conflating the specific government you've got with the general concept of taxes.
Are knives all evil? No, but someone holding one can be, and use it for evil. If you think knives are inherently evil, you've got a problem in your brain with the thinking (and also will have trouble cutting your meat).
So taxes are a tool of government. They're not evil, but the government can use the tool of taxes in a bad way, right?
S'all I'm saying. Stop confusing taxes with bad government and concluding taxes are bad. It looks silly and foolish and irrational.
@_date: 2014-02-02 05:33:41
@_date: 2014-01-27 16:19:47


*That* is the best point that has been made in the whole thread (says I, in my humble judgement). A standard will emerge out of convenience as needed; anything picked now by fiat won't stick and would probably just add more complications.