@_author: egidioagricola
@_date: 2015-06-03 20:48:37
They've already dropped 5 out of 6 murder conspiracy charges. It's just disinformation.
He didn't commit any drug crimes. Silk Road was a video game, remember? No money entered any system nor ever changed hands. Bitcoin is not money. Neither are upvotes or downvotes.
The judge in this case was appointed by Senator Charles Schumer, who started the whole persecution. Google that fact.
No drugs were traded through Silk Road. That happened somewhere on Earth, not hyperspace.
@_date: 2015-06-03 19:40:41
The problem is the rush to judgment. We're talking about legal wrongs not private opinions.
None of what the government alleged relates to the offenses charged. It's like a restaurant bill with all the quantities ordered but the wrong menu items described. That's what they do to everyone, it's not like simple common-law charges.
He got 2 life sentences for something that is impossible.
1) Leading a virtual drug trafficking pirate ship online
2) Laundering ideas
In other words, the whole thing is a delusional fantasy. They can't even get him for conspiracy to sell drugs, because he has nothing to do with any actual sales.
Here's what really happened- a bunch of people decided to play a video game called "Silk Road". Nobody could order drugs from Silk Road. This website is not an illegal pharmacy, there was no inventory or activity, no physical anything. The participants in this interactive game would sometimes reenact the game in real life by following through on the storyline.
Now Ross has 2 life sentences because he was "on the internet". Real kingpin druglords actually supplied the narcotics for real money that real people took anywhere on Earth, but this was somehow under the direction of the Dread Pirate King Ulbricht, who masterminded the whole thing from a laptop at the library.
@_date: 2015-06-03 20:16:04
intra class warfare. she tried hard in school and got an 'A' in English and Social Studies. Ross outflanked everyone and made up a new language altogether. He cast spellings, got a life sentence for passing notes after school.
@_date: 2015-06-03 20:59:09
There's also nothing inherently illegal about running a video game called Silk Road. No drugs and no money were traded through that system. Literally that is a true statement. Virtual worlds are just a perception. Old pickle salesmen who happen to be Senators named Charles Schumer got spooked by the kids and their crazy games and thought something was real so he called his appointee Judge Katherine Forrest and cooked up a witch hunt and show trial. If this precedent is allowed to stand we're all fucked. 
Donate to the Ross Ulbricht defense fund.
@_date: 2015-06-03 20:28:13
That is absolutely false. A real cartel head must necessarily use violence and coercion to get his ends. Silk Road was a video game. Somewhere on the real planet Earth, real mob bosses moved real drugs to real dealers who sold them to real customers. Ross Ulbricht was charged under law prohibiting real acts. He was not charged for selling them walkie talkies and little gold stars to remind them of past conversations.
Part of the problem is Bitcoin is being confused with money. And computer screens with pirate ships.
The case is now on appeal. If this verdict stands it will set a very bad precedent for everyone.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:51:02
The IRS is not a law giving authority, but rather a debt collection agency. Their publications offer guidance, not determinations.
IRS has said Bitcoin "can be" taxable, which is a gloss over the definition of income established by the precedent case 
"(IRS) Commissioner vs Glenshaw Glass Company" 
If you haven't read or understood this mple explanation, nothing about tax law will make any sense and false concepts like "Bitcoin is money or wealth" will happen.