@_author: egrus
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:45:56
Their employees post only when it suits their interest.  Otherwise they could give a flying F.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:13:20


Hah.  So you make a mistake, and it "benefits" the customer by them getting an overdraft fee from their bank while you "correct" the mistake YOU made on your end.  How is this not fraud?  To make this right you should cover the overdraft charges (if anyone gets hit with them) and you need to even go above and beyond that because the mistake never should have been made in the first place...this is peoples' lives you're messing with here, and your business.  What the F?
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:40:29
My thoughts exactly.  If a real financial institution were to have the same kinds of problems / bugs / mistakes that Coinbase has made, there would be serious consequences.   But since it's bitcoin, it seems like no one really cares except the end users who get screwed over.  Yes, Coinbase has a lot of users and they are overwhelmed with support requests.  OK, fine; then they need to find a way to fix that problem...but it seems this has been the story for the past year or so, and they still are giving referral bonuses FFS!!  Yeah, refer a friend, so your friend can get screwed over too, and we'll take their money as well and not reply to their emails for over a month also.  Sounds like a great way to lose a friend, lol...refer them to coinbase so they can have all their money taken from them and be stressed out waiting weeks for a reply from Olaf, their single support staffer.
Coinbase support = 
@_date: 2013-10-03 13:30:29
They're going to shut this one down too...bleh.  
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:34:24
"Whoa man" -- we're talking about potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars here, and your excuse is, "it's thanksgiving" -- what the fuck?  Are you stoned or just stupid?  If you're getting too many support requests then OBVIOUSLY you need to find a way to prevent new users from signing up at your website, because if you can't handle all the business, then you should turn it away out of morality and ethics rather than let "mistakes" happen because you outsource your backend to 12 year old indian developers.  
But it seems ethics + morals aren't in abundance when it comes to coinbase.  I seriously hope the people who have criminal / civil complaints against you in california win every single one of them....because all I'm hearing is stoner-like excuses (ex: "woah man, woah!! woah!!  it's thanksgiving i'm supposed to be off right now dude, like you're totally ruining my buzz right now bro") and half-hearted apologies.