@_author: ehdjsjs24
@_date: 2019-12-30 17:20:31
Little new to blockchain forgive, but transparency is one of the huge benefits of bitcoin, which I dont see it benefiting the govt very much? I doubt once the public can track exactly where all of the tax payers money is being spent is a good thing?
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:15:40
Something like the gold reserve act would be an extremely radical choice in 2020 and would never work with cash. Good luck with hoping that a mandotary cash buy back will ever succesfully happen or happen at all. 
You are comparing apple to oranges. But on a whole extremely new level.
@_date: 2019-12-30 17:51:13
But that implies that people would buy fedcoin and unless they are giving me free fedcoin or incentives to do so I sincerely doubt it will ever get any mass adoption.
And once the incentives and free money ride decipates. They will have to force me to use fedcoin they would have to go dictatorship style because why am I gonna sign up to be tracked for free lol? 
And I doubt they are going to get old people and technological illiterate to learn to use fedcoin if they arnt giving it away or forcing us. 
And if they want to give me free fedcoin I'm down. 
If they dont plan on giving us literally free fedcoin for a long time, I dont see mass adoption ever happening unless they force us to use it.
They would also have to convince the world fedcoin is an international currency.
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:37:27
All it takes is 1 mega billionaire not agreeing backing out and jumping ship to another country to cause a massive fucking problem. Just 1. That expectation is not hard to perceive happening in radical currency shift.
 
Not to even talk about the slew of the other massive issues lol. Dude seriously have this discussion with an economics professor if you doubt what I say.
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:25:53
This is conspiracy levels of logic.
The patriot act was helped happen because of terrorism. 
If a series of events that shakes our nation as horribly as 9/11 in the next 50 years and one of the positions of power of america happens to like and know about blockchain and wants to push an agenda. Sure I could see something radical happening.
You need a therapist lol.
@_date: 2019-12-30 17:33:52
Okay but at the end of the day it would still make tracking those "exemptions" easier
If we know roughly x goes into the system
And z gets tracked by block chain on their none corrupt/exempt projects
The remaining y, can be pretty much assumed is the total amount the govt is spending on projects they don't want the public knowing about. Little harder to track which projects individually, but still ultimately not what any goverment wants its citizen being able to find out. 
I'm not seeing why the govts  would be motivated to move fiat onto a blockchain at all? In fact it seems they would be motivated to stay away from things like that for as long as possible. Considering you also cant just print more bitcoin when you need it too. There is a finite availability of it right? Again not something a govt seems fond of?
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:04:56
That would be pretty radical overnight choice. I dont see something like that happening for literally decades and decades. 
And any sane goverment would roll out the option to pay with fed coin, slowly incentivize it, then offer better and faster solutions to existing payment options with fedcoin, then finally warn the public that in several years it would transition to a strict fed coin policy. 
They did that with cheques in canada now everything is going direct through your bank but this was a decade long process. There would be literal riots if they did that overnight.
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:29:57
Do they plan on getting the whole world to agree? 
And you dont see any extremely harsh negatives happening? No fundamental issues?
You should tell this to a economics professor lmao. This is like grade 12 levels of logic.