@_author: ehenning1537
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:19:58
The $30 a month was the only the thing holding me back. I'll be activating BitPay for half a dozen sites this morning 
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:12:52
The stock market is a secondary market. You don't buy directly from the company, you buy from other people. Stocks go up in value only if someone else will pay you more for them.  Unlike bonds there is no legal obligation for the issuing company to increase the value of your investment.  You're betting that someone else will pay more for paper that has little actual value.  The vast majority of modern stocks do not issue dividends, they don't entitle you to a share of profits or any real say in how the company operates. You don't really own anything other that a piece of paper and the hope that someone else will buy it from you later. 
Unlike real estate or direct investment in small businesses there isn't any way to improve the value of your holdings. You can clean up a house and replace the carpet, irrigate farmland or renovate a restaurant. You can't spend money or effort to increase the price of your stock. It's speculation. Just like gold or Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:43:01
Stocks are also basically just speculation. It's all gambling unless you're actually investing in something with intrinsic value and spending money to make it grow.  Stocks are a gamble that someone else will pay you more for a worthless piece of paper at some point in the future.  You'll never build enough stock in a company to actually exert any control with stock. Hell, Google has issued stock that comes with no voting right. It's worthless paper that says "Google" on it and people are convinced that it has value and the value will be maintained.  
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:42:56
When was the last time you got a check from Google for a share of their profits? 
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:00:32
Yes. Massive deflation against the dollar  would be terrible for an actual currency and any economy with goods or contracts priced in that currency. With enormous value swings it'll be impossible to maintain any long term contract priced in a given currency. Mortgages, car loans, even rental agreements would be subject to widely shifting values in the currency market. Deflation also tends to encourage hoarding. People don't spend their bitcoin because they view it as potentially having more value the next day. If banks operated on bitcoin they might have the same attitude towards new loans. Why risk a new loan when they can just sit on their assets and make 10% in a few weeks? 
It'll never be a real currency with enormous shifts in value. No one will trust it with their retirement savings. No country will hold bitcoin reserves or peg their own currency to bitcoin. It'll never serve as a currency of last resort in places where central banking has broken down. As soon as the bottom really falls out of the market a lot of people will lose a lot of money. The trend recently has been deflationary (largely due to hoarding, very little bitcoin is actually used in transactions.) If there is a long term inflationary shift there will be no way to slow it down. If bitcoin consistently loses its value or confidence is suddenly shaken then millions of these people's "investments" will evaporate in seconds. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:27:37
Yeah but people who "play" the markets are doing nothing but gambling. That's not investing. An investment is something that has inherent value (ideally where your money goes to help fund improvements) and isn't just a gamble on someone else eventually paying a higher price than you did. Land is an investment. Comic books are not. Certificates of Deposit, yes. Classic cars, no.  Mutual funds, yes. Gold, no. 
I'd support a restructuring of the tax system to discourage random betting in secondary markets. It would push silly people with more money than sense to buy things with actual value (where the value isn't based solely on fiat and other people's stupidity.) This kind of "investing" is a zero-sum game where some people get lucky. It's a sucker bet. Bitcoin is no better than buying Beanie Babies. 