@_author: ehmatthes
@_date: 2014-02-09 19:35:14
My money would be on incompetence, driven by arrogance. That's coming at it from a developer's perspective.
I have written plenty of code without a proper testing environment, but holy hell I've never written any live financial software. Their professional practices sound like they are lacking to the point of negligence.
I don't spend a whole lot of time trying to sort out intent, when the net result of negligence and incompetence is about the same as a criminal operation.
But I always hope that people will learn from their mistakes, so a small part of me hopes they finally recognized how deep in they are, and they are working hard at putting a proper infrastructure together. But I have no naive belief that this is the reality.
@_date: 2014-01-15 05:52:49
You're the first person I've heard suggesting this. I am wondering what other people think of this suggestion?
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:41:13
I'm in for the long haul, so I am happy to watch the price sort itself out and pick up bits and pieces when I can.
I wanted an easy way to watch Coinbase, so I wrote a little [python script]( that keeps some interesting Coinbase stats in a thin terminal window on the left side of my screen. If you know how to run Python programs, and you find yourself refreshing the Coinbase page often, give it a try. :)
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:18:34


dogecoins ftw
Seriously, this was a really good response. It's probably the best way to get them past seeing you as a source of money, and go back to whatever basis you previously had for friendship. Good luck.
@_date: 2013-12-31 06:24:30
I once rode from Boston to NYC in January, on a 17F day with light snow. Electric gloves made it happen. (and the 5 layers I had on my legs)
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:32:31
Is there anything incorrect in my explanation so far?
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:11:40
I teach high school math and science, and I have taught from 5th grade through 12th grade over the years. I say I teach math and science, but that is just the content focus. I teach writing every single day. I would love to get this essay from a student.
I'd talk about bitcoin with a first grader if they understood what they were talking about. I read your paper, and it's clear you know what you are talking about. Your how-to is clearly organized, and you recognize some of the strengths and some of the risks/ weaknesses of bitcoin. Your writing could use some work, but that means this is a good topic for an English class! It would be easy to use this essay to help you improve your writing.
Your teacher could certainly be using less judgemental language. "Age-appropriate" the way your teacher is using it is entirely condescending. I read this as your teacher is upset that you are writing about something the teacher does not understand. Unfortunately, that means your teacher is probably not that strong at teaching writing, because you don't need to understand a topic well in order to help someone improve their writing. In fact, a good writing teacher would have an easier time working with you on this topic if they knew little about bitcoin. "I get mining" -&gt; you've done a good job. "I don't get mining" -&gt; you've got some work to do on your essay.
As a teacher, I want students who are smarter than me. I'm not threatened by my students' intelligence and experience. I hate seeing students struggle because they threaten their teachers' insecurities.
It doesn't sound like you'll learn much from this teacher. Your best bet is to talk to your parents, and have them help advocate for you. Maybe you can get a stronger teacher who is not threatened by intelligent students. Maybe you'll have to deal with this teacher for the rest of the year. I'd hate to see you give in and write about something mundane.
On behalf of all professionally-minded teachers who are not threatened by intelligent students, I'm sorry you have to deal with this.